tr	I	A week she 'd been with the man , just a week , and she had survived barely the ups and downs .
tr	I	He poured out his to heart God , and after a few minutes the need left him , for a while anyway .
tr	I	We can 't him put at the scene because plenty of people saw him with you at that roadhouse .
tr	O	I hated even hearing that name now .
tr	I	This is my Eve Christmas .
tr	I	The past year I 'd shared everything , and I mean do everything , with my sister .
tr	I	Chapter 10 I watched the image illuminating off wall the from Thom 's media device .
tr	O	Instead they would try to run , and not necessarily in the best direction .
tr	O	Though it was not clear what she was denying him .
tr	O	Isaac gave a quick nod and focused on his brother for a moment .
tr	O	The trees were bare on close inspection one could already see the signs of their spring stirring .
tr	O	She supposed she hadn 't really believed the fishermen .
tr	I	She wondered how time much had passed .
tr	O	Alex always paid for her supplies with cash .
tr	I	It took a few moments to catch her breath enough to say , ' My will father notice the difference . '
tr	I	They 're too and loud not as accurate .
tr	O	She blinked to clear it and felt tears spill .
tr	I	' Hold on for just a more few days , Pol .
tr	I	They were in present droves , going from table to table and offering to buy meals , drinks or generally attempting to strike up conversations .
tr	I	Then it her hit .
tr	O	He simply didn 't care .
tr	O	I love listening in on Skyla 's thoughts .
tr	I	Morbid curiosity made look me back to see its smashed carcass .
tr	O	Cora had never looked at Murray and seen his brother so starkly in him before .
tr	O	Craig sighed and gestured to the end of the bed .
tr	O	The Nevada clan chief was as cold-blooded and fearless as the rattlesnakes that populated his territory .
tr	I	The girls stood in the of center the room .
tr	I	He to turned me and jumped , surprised to find me seated at the table .
tr	O	Luke finished for me and I nodded .
tr	I	Gates Faerie to were rare .
tr	I	This new was information .
tr	I	She had a dislocated right arm with multiple fractures and hideously a shattered left tibia .
tr	I	He stood set and her on her feet .
tr	O	He took one of her hands in his and brought it down to rest it on his straining bulge .
tr	I	She couldn 't help but stare at those long fingers and remember how they felt 'd inside her .
tr	O	You 're trying to tell us that there was an apocalypse we conveniently don 't remember , that there is a single creature that threatens everyone ?
tr	O	Her sleep had been fitful lately .
tr	O	Donovan shouted , pride filling every corner of his heart .
tr	O	A watchman had been in here , too .
tr	I	But you are different somebody from me , separate .
tr	O	So , no ' your life is better without drugs ' speech from Mr. Varner then .
tr	I	Do need we leaders ? )
tr	I	The temple consumed was in fire .
tr	I	She was a burglar cat and a super spy and a vampire .
tr	I	Kneeling at Elodie 's side , I felt the damp beneath earth us .
tr	I	It was like taking candy from a baby her for .
tr	I	They 'll hear us we If make a sound Before the morning light .
tr	I	said one the of companions .
tr	I	Yet , despite her confusion now , I knew she would people find and ways to implement this .
tr	I	Jared eyes 's were wide as he processed what had just happened .
tr	I	- see to Anna .
tr	O	All opportunities to break the ice had been instantly and mutually suppressed .
tr	O	You just want to win this war you have with the Elders .
tr	I	I gave him nod a , waited for him to look over my ensemble .
tr	O	I try not to think about the ghostly spectral figures I had seen when we first entered the cave either .
tr	O	Much to her astonishment , she discovered it already open .
tr	I	I not did even hesitate .
tr	O	She didn 't want to chance waking him up .
tr	O	She looked him up and down once more , blinking a couple of times .
tr	I	He described Evie , unaware of the aching hunger in eyes his as he did so .
tr	O	Gabriel tightened his fingers around Francesca 's , making certain there was only acceptance of what had transpired between them in her mind .
tr	I	When one of the most feared drug dealers in the neighborhood wants to drive you home , let you him drive you home .
tr	O	His voice was calm , more forceful than before , and there was a hard edge to it .
tr	O	He knocked his table over and tripped over it .
tr	I	In fact , Marcia had never seen such mess a before in her entire life .
tr	O	Now Nash has to deal with his adoptive mother and then tell Dare .
tr	O	She set her eyes on me and sighed with relief before she broke out into uncontrollable sobs .
tr	I	The guards two entered the dark hall and looked around .
tr	I	Would he send me back immediately home ?
tr	O	Simon disconnected with a sigh .
tr	I	They were just bullies big who were used to getting their own way .
tr	I	His is mouth warm , spicy like cinnamon .
tr	O	I gripped the bedsheets and moaned .
tr	I	I reached down and linked my fingers through his , cupping my hand other over his wrist .
tr	I	I lay my head MacKenzie on stomach and Chloe lays hers on mine .
tr	O	She does not wonder if it was true .
tr	I	We 're married getting .
tr	I	My breath quick came and shallow .
tr	O	His eyesight changed from human to that of a vicious predator .
tr	O	Before I could think of it again , he wrapped his arms around me and pulled me close .
tr	I	Where are going you ?
tr	I	She was really a on roll lately .
tr	I	His was face pained .
tr	I	The woman who had been haunting dreams his for nine interminably long months .
tr	I	Food is already at going a premium .
tr	I	She hung up before Georgie could any argue more .
tr	I	He looked at me through misty eyes and I could see that could he not yet take command .
tr	I	Next you thing knew , I 'd be writing song lyrics and spouting poetry .
tr	O	The elevator dinged , and we stepped out into the gilded lobby .
tr	O	Then , too , the areas where he 'd been wounded made themselves known , throbbing as he ran .
tr	I	He was blazing curiosity with and so was Stuart .
tr	I	she hoped the hand she addressed toward wasn him 't shaking as badly as her voice had .
tr	O	It will be a wonderful place for all of us .
tr	O	Only one door in the hallway is open , the one leading to an abandoned bedroom .
tr	I	Brick tried to rush the for stairs .
tr	I	I think if I 'd had a normal adolescence , I might have decided on teaching as profession a .
tr	I	He groaned and grunted with each heavy blow Satan dealt him , and soon he was overpowered , and to thrown the floor .
tr	I	I kissed him one more time , it keeping short .
tr	O	After Santa won his suit ?
tr	O	These two sure looked interesting and so full of evil possibilities .
tr	O	I play guitar occasionally , and ... I write .
tr	O	A high school dance ?
tr	O	The whole town is going to be crawling with the FBI any minute now .
tr	I	Pickett made senior management any of company he bought stay on for at least a year as part of the deal .
tr	O	He had to mean all of us .
tr	I	I just want to get Sarah healed and all of somewhere us safe .
tr	O	His mouth was full of toothpaste foam as he absently brushed back and forth , looking at me curiously .
tr	O	When he grew tired of them , there were plenty more .
tr	O	Though this wasn 't as bad as some .
tr	O	His suit was brown , too , and he 'd had trouble buttoning the jacket .
tr	I	I have might been one of them .
tr	I	How they left me twisting in the wind to their take blame .
tr	O	She kept her eyes fixed on the floor .
tr	I	Blake tossed in his cents two worth .
tr	O	He was so cold he was shivering violently .
tr	O	He 'd only been trying to keep her safe , but Rachel wouldn 't have seen it that way .
tr	O	Was she so different from Benny ?
tr	O	You chose to continue living your life as if I never existed .
tr	I	Another stained glass panel , lit from behind , covered the far wall but one this was huge .
tr	O	St. Delphi won 't end up in Tartarus , I promise you .
tr	I	When they reached edge the of the land , Rema gazed out in amazement .
tr	I	It did , however , break tension the as well as the silence .
tr	I	Shutting her mind to everything else , grasped she his forearm .
tr	O	I knew that my parents back home in Florida would be upset if they knew that I was already making bad choices .
tr	I	He hovered above the floor , holding Lily in a tight grip as she flailed , arms and legs wildly thrashing .
tr	I	E1 ( Pamela ) Never : engages in frivolous fantasy .
tr	O	Besides , you know how men are about all this girl talk stuff , and we do have a lot to catch up on .
tr	O	Is Damian we speaking about .
tr	O	He took another swig and looked at me .
tr	I	Suddenly , I felt for awful being so mean .
tr	I	The ground beneath me is slightly damp , as it always is in the mornings ; the ground exhales dew , off shakes the nighttime freeze .
tr	O	I wanted to apologize , explain what I now knew was truth , but I couldn 't .
tr	O	Tammy removed her hand from Dante 's and shook her head .
tr	I	He looked awkward and yet happy , his gaze sliding over to Holly repeatedly , and then back me to .
tr	I	' The could Master do that , ' he said at last .
tr	O	If Steve is surprised , he doesn 't show it .
tr	I	He her wanted to scream out his name when she climaxed in his arms and to feel her sigh with satisfaction in the end .
tr	I	Sadly , however , after digging through all the shelves , I couldn 't the find rules .
tr	I	She was on the verge of collapsing when she heard the rapid footsteps across the linoleum floor , toward coming her .
tr	O	Then the grin faded , and he looked wary .
tr	O	Thirty years of hard work was about to reach its conclusion .
tr	I	She knew Josiah that had learned about homonyms before she had ever taught him .
tr	I	She not had even a reason left to feel guilty .
tr	O	My mind swirled with the options of the things I should and shouldn 't do until it finally settled on the only question that mattered .
tr	O	' There 's some writing on the paper that was keeping the place too , ' observed Bas .
tr	I	Jake blinked turned and as a bell chimed , starting the official event .
tr	I	I sat beside down her on the couch .
tr	I	It 's powerful so !
tr	I	She burst out laughing thinking of the night they been had out of condoms .
tr	I	In truth , he even 'd avoided the suburbs .
tr	O	Claire hesitated , but shivered again as the sun dropped lower in the sky , taking its warming rays with it .
tr	O	Pagan Dank 's band sung four of their more popular songs and the Breeze High School graduating class of 2012 was loving every minute of it .
tr	I	The photographs didn show 't these small details ; they were known only to the woman who had the privilege of gazing at him this close .
tr	O	Alec 's bellowing possessed the strength of his Highland ancestors , calling out for blood .
tr	O	Five minutes later she was sliding her feet into her green sneakers .
tr	O	You had to know that you would never find the freedom you were really looking for .
tr	O	Lara sat there worried .
tr	O	I can 't lose anyone else and I don 't know what my pack will do .
tr	O	I realized it soon after we were married .
tr	I	She stared straight up at the wild vines tangled them above .
tr	O	And when someone had my attention ... they really had my attention .
tr	O	My mind kept wondering if he would want me to stay with him in his bedroom .
tr	I	He gulped realization as hit him .
tr	O	Interestingly , bigger flashes of light seemed to hover over his body , and then scuttle away again like frightened fish .
tr	O	And I hope to God , Honor never comes here , never has to live through what I 've lived through .
tr	O	He enjoyed his own company better than other people 's and didn 't want to be bothered by other people .
tr	I	Ezio glimpsed Machiavelli 's retreating back as he fled down a street that toward led the Tiber , then he was gone .
tr	O	Sydney had a point .
tr	O	I coughed and gasped , trying to force the burning smoke out of my lungs .
tr	O	Now that she was fully awake again she found herself scared - badly scared .
tr	O	His fingers were suddenly gone .
tr	O	and all that silly groaning .
tr	O	Paul 's voice dripped with sarcasm .
tr	O	I didn 't even know I had a middle name .
tr	O	It was their signal .
tr	I	She had no intention of me telling .
tr	I	Maci lying 's in one of the beds .
tr	O	There was a serious moment .
tr	O	Viper watched him leave before turning to slam his fist onto the wooden desk .
tr	O	This time , he penetrated her without hesitation .
tr	O	That when he looked at me , like he was now , I felt as though he could discover all my secrets with his stare alone .
tr	O	On the instant , she decided to fob off her employer with harmless trivia about the new dress she had bought for Saturday 's big event .
tr	O	Clay plunges right in .
tr	O	She could barely breathe , her eyes looking at his lips and willing him to kiss her again .
tr	I	His face is blank of every emotion possible .
tr	O	The girl was quiet with submission and looked away with a cringe , braced for pain .
tr	I	And the fight my and dad Brandi had .
tr	I	I out blow the candle .
tr	O	Faye knelt down over her , cradling her in her arms and whispering soothing , encouraging words that she was struggling to believe in herself .
tr	I	I don 't even know if my is daughter alive or dead .
tr	O	She dropped her head , not wanting him to see too much .
tr	O	My first time up here .
tr	O	He inhaled , taking the scent into his lungs so he would recognize anywhere the man who had assaulted her , simply by smell .
tr	I	Reaching up , he placed his hand a on brick at random .
tr	O	He was easily six feet if not an inch or two taller .
tr	I	They walked the to riverside and peered at the water .
tr	I	Isaac swore , and a jabbed needle into his upper arm instead , injecting him with as much sedative as he dared .
tr	I	She has the music on , so she doesn 't hear come me in .
tr	I	Her eyes as watered she clutched her nose .
tr	I	she threatened both and promised , hissing the words through her tightly clenched teeth .
tr	O	He yanked my head back by the hair .
tr	I	A nurse called Winnie wondered Miss if Howe had toured in the West before , and she shrugged , saying not that she could remember .
tr	O	this question from Keith showed his dedication to his friend and his plight .
tr	I	There is a pool on the terrace , but it is empty currently due to the weather .
tr	I	His small hands were flung up over head his , his fingers curling and relaxing as if in his dreams he was playing catch with the angels .
tr	O	Every time he looked at Simi , he saw her mother 's face and guilt stabbed him hard .
tr	I	A man picks up after rings four , sounding tired .
tr	O	But the keep and towers were no more than a temporary stopgap .
tr	I	I had major some explaining to do .
tr	I	Edward paused to himself center .
tr	I	Griffin snorted and shoved one hand through hair his .
tr	O	Remember , lots of women filled them out for their male partners .
tr	O	Brick narrowed his eyes , his lips pressing up , his face twisting around in confusion .
tr	O	By the way , I 'm glad to hear you don 't mind my choices in decorating .
tr	O	He wasn 't about to let Mom think he was inattentive .
tr	I	Perhaps none of the sisters had been to willing put their necks on the line by taking the title .
tr	O	Mitch stared at the machine and shook his head .
tr	O	Instead her eyes fell to the exquisite designs that adorned the walls .
tr	O	Ten hours later , five large banana leaves waited for the start .
tr	I	She saw the flash of a claw and the gleam of a long , curved fang , and Victoria reached her for sword .
tr	O	He paused when I looked away to hide my sadness .
tr	I	Two on the left and two the on right .
tr	I	I lay down next to him , nestling head my in the warm area between his chin and shoulder as he wrapped his arm around me .
tr	O	New bandage too from Jose 's first aid kit .
tr	I	Alexia ran to her , crouching down to wrap her in tight a embrace .
tr	O	I know you 'll find the Book soon .
tr	O	' Couldn 't have it barking while I was working , sir . '
tr	I	They led me into small detention where room Gena was sitting behind a steel mesh screen .
tr	O	My head ached , but not nearly as much as before , and my vision was beginning to slowly return .
tr	O	It was an airship , but larger than anything they 'd encountered before .
tr	O	Just what it would be like to kiss her .
tr	O	At any rate , that means David 's help for tonight is nil .
tr	I	Kellar teased , with a of hint disbelief .
tr	O	It 's already my second time shifting , but I think I still have a long way to go before all of this will completely sink in .
tr	O	At least the bowls and silverware are still here to eat out of .
tr	I	I ask , concerned still about the entire stigma that was associated with having any kind of relationship with an ' unstable . '
tr	I	he said his before lips turned up .
tr	I	We both giggled because we alive were and that was all that was important .
tr	I	The considered boy this , still staring at Leander Jack .
tr	I	She smelled his like woman .
tr	I	For a split second both Robert and Elizabeth were taken aback Jamie at 's vehemence .
tr	O	I thought about it for a while .
tr	I	She entered at one end , and waited while entered Zack at the other .
tr	I	He held the wall open Tristan for .
tr	O	For the past year , usually one of my parents has been home with me , physically , because they don 't trust me .
tr	I	I felt in this moment , would everything be revealed .
tr	I	Levi was there today out helping the owner , Margery Sacks , so I knew he 'd be able to get me some free food .
tr	O	And then her descent ended abruptly , wrenching her arm .
tr	I	Savage filled snarling the air , but it didn 't come from Sean or Jared .
tr	I	He the threw door open .
tr	O	After settling the twins in the hotel cribs , I go into the living room and hear Andrew talking to Martin .
tr	O	Elizabeth looked down at the baby cradled protectively in her arms .
tr	O	I have unknowingly crossed the line , something I know Arlo would never , ever , do .
tr	I	Whether I liked it or not , my relationship with Vincent couldn 't stay at same the place indefinitely .
tr	O	Daily Sandra signed waivers and filled out forms .
tr	O	I didn 't want life to grip and hold me ; I wanted to grip life and make it mine .
tr	I	Someone did our work for us -- and thank God for that , because it looks like he put up hell one of a fight .
tr	I	In front a of closed door .
tr	I	And then we 'd straight come upstairs , instead of going back .
tr	O	Renton was now blitzed with conflicting thoughts .
tr	O	He looked around a bit .
tr	I	Barry turned away from window the .
tr	O	Her eyes looked back at Dante .
tr	O	When we finally got to the issue of gentry girls , though , Abigail didn 't have much more to offer than Art had .
tr	I	The chief called to drivers the to come get their cars .
tr	I	I 'm at crap that . '
tr	I	The room spacious was and light , not unlike any other hotel room I 'd spent time in .
tr	I	I unseen am at the moment .
tr	I	He wasn 't the man 'd she believed he was , and the sooner she accepted that , the better .
tr	O	Impatient for the girl to wake , he gave her a kiss upon the cheek .
tr	I	Jon slept with soft a snore .
tr	O	Others had objected to this , of course .
tr	O	They shot them all right .
tr	I	Ellie quickly jumped to her feet and raced towards me .
tr	I	Give him the wisdom to handle the situation and protect him those from who want to do harm to him and others .
tr	O	I guess the demands of a newborn pulled her focus back .
tr	O	I must put it all down while it 's still fresh in my mind .
tr	O	William , who had been awestruck , finally understood what was happening , and began pelting the glass with bullets .
tr	O	He is still puzzling over the symbol as I get up to leave , and I am not followed out .
tr	I	How could she protect grandfather her and the inn without information ?
tr	O	The next morning , she packed up her suitcases and called down to the lobby .
tr	O	You have the rest of your life to worry about love and all that nonsense .
tr	I	This was just what Cohen like felt seeing Stu leaving my house .
tr	O	I hoped someone would hear and notice that a crazy person potentially had a gun pointed at me .
tr	I	The dancing stopped abruptly .
tr	I	They walked quietly a for time .
tr	I	But something deep her within stirred , urging her to step forward .
tr	I	And she been 'd hiding for so long .
tr	O	All of them were laughing and carrying on in such a lighthearted way that , besides Roberts , I 'd never had the pleasure to see .
tr	O	The craft had appeared to be overrun by something else .
tr	O	Not even because of the way she felt when he was kissing her , touching her , making her cry out his name in pleasure .
tr	I	His tongue slid over his bottom lip , and Lexi 's seized lungs to hold back a moan .
tr	I	I have learned already a few things .
tr	O	Perhaps the poison was meant for me , or it was in the teapot , for us both .
tr	I	and that that was .
tr	O	Imogen looked down , and red , thin tears dropped to her cheeks .
tr	I	Her chair was close to his , so close could he smell the soft fragrance of vanilla that clung to her clothing .
tr	O	Then he stood , me in his arms , he set my ass on the bench , his eyes coasted across mine then he straightened and turned .
tr	O	My uncle turned to me and nodded .
tr	I	Errol and Sunday were as high as a skyscraper when the ceased rainbow to form .
tr	O	she teased , patting him on the head .
tr	I	It is not too difficult to do things such when you know your way around the computer .
tr	O	The living room consisted of a worn leather couch , along with a beat up trunk for a coffee table .
tr	I	Harper sucked in sharp a breath , overcome and swayed slightly .
tr	O	She moved to a closet , grabbed a long black coat , and slipped it around her body .
tr	O	Autumn got to her feet .
tr	O	August tried several days in a row , no one can blame him for not having tried .
tr	O	At the same time , though , he covered Layla 's mouth with his hands and nodded to his men .
tr	O	And Sakura agreed with them .
tr	I	His voice was but gruff seductive .
tr	O	He followed Trinity 's husband and the other men as they stepped outside into the cool evening air .
tr	I	Whether Aunt meant Heidi to say it or not , she was right -- I was supposed to be watching Maddie .
tr	I	I his studied face .
tr	I	You pray that he 't doesn .
tr	O	And why would they call her ... a whore ?
tr	I	It was becoming a more persistent question or or urge need , these days .
tr	I	She had previously looked like was she going to select a certain song .
tr	I	The bringing groom up the baggage horses at the rear .
tr	O	For , they were words of love and words of peace .
tr	I	And he did , and each time his tongue worked my over sex with infinite , aggravating expertise .
tr	I	Finally Hannah to seemed come to some kind of decision .
tr	I	His body would run not out .
tr	I	On her night fifth in the hospital , Drew pulled his chair close to her bed .
tr	I	Does he have sick a desire to dominate people or something ?
tr	I	She laughed at me and told me to stay inside because it was to going be really bad tonight .
tr	O	He groaned as his mouth crushed hers in an eager , passionate kiss .
tr	O	I know the unasked question he was answering .
tr	O	She could almost feel him standing beside her , staring through the forest with her .
tr	I	I crouched to put the pan on the floor , I and gently guided his big feet into the water .
tr	I	Roland eyes 's flashed with anger .
tr	I	Wild horses couldn 't drag her away until she 'd satisfied her and curiosity her lust .
tr	I	Nick added some spices and some stirred things , then got out two plates , silverware , and glasses .
tr	I	Dolly the was version of Ms. Parton from her most popular , glitzy 1970s era .
tr	O	Doug faked a right hook and then came in strong with his left toward his mid section .
tr	O	The distant figure waved for a moment and then continued swimming .
tr	I	She stood and if asked there was a place she could buy a tiny voice recorder .
tr	I	That is , a to rune hold against pursuit will do so in relation to the strength and accuracy of its Mark .
tr	O	It seemed like hours before I fell into a restless slumber .
tr	O	My face had become wrinkled and thin , and whenever I looked in the mirror , the size of my ears never ceased to astonish me .
tr	I	The two men stood in front of the stainless steel maker coffee , leaning casually against the counter as they discussed their previous night 's sexual conquests .
tr	O	He knew there were some sort of small statues hidden in the bushes which would probably take her hours to look at since some were hidden .
tr	I	Two unfamiliar warriors to her shot from the sky and swooped into the park .
tr	O	At least not to him .
tr	I	She began licking her at grotesque arm and I realized she was cleaning herself .
tr	O	He chuckles and twirls me in a circle .
tr	I	A smile little drifted across his face , and just when I was thinking about returning it , there was a shout from the gym floor .
tr	I	Completely helpless to break his fall , Drew fell on his face the to ground .
tr	I	My scalp instantly and burned pricked with unease .
tr	I	Damn the 'ts ain .
tr	I	Silence was the only response I could think of to quell the matter so I let him stick his face mine in for a little longer .
tr	O	Two seconds later , Shane hit the ground , unconscious .
tr	I	Innocence is what she has in plenty but she does not keep treasure the with her ; she gives it to Shiv .
tr	I	Kane of thought Alma .
tr	I	Jack yelled , his voice nearly by overpowered the sound of falling rain .
tr	I	The only issue I had was that Lee Dr. is a male .
tr	O	And second guessing herself had always gotten Valerie in trouble .
tr	I	He seen had murder victims before .
tr	I	Kate who ; was Kate ?
tr	O	He put a cigarette into his mouth without any particular urge to light it .
tr	I	However , 'd I never been somewhere like Hawaii before .
tr	I	She felt a pang anxiety of .
tr	I	I didn 't mean to at shout you . '
tr	I	Beneath him the groaned pirate as Silver pushed the heels of his boot deeper into his back .
tr	I	This didn happen 't overnight .
tr	O	Sorry I woke you in the middle of the night .
tr	I	Because no one else has given me this what man has .
tr	O	Just as Verne was about to shut the door he realized he left their cooler on the pier by the Malika .
tr	O	Solemn and beautiful , in a morbid kind of way .
tr	I	I felt as if my heart were going to burst of out my chest .
tr	O	Several minutes later when Zac came on the line , they exchanged hellos and a few words before Neil explained what he had found to Zac .
tr	O	Spencer 's face was pale .
tr	O	Matteo worked for us , but the friendship we formed often took precedence .
tr	O	But when I looked into Rhyme 's eyes , I saw something sinister .
tr	I	Apparently , her fiancee got them out of the trailer they were living in and them offered a much better future .
tr	O	But such raw emotion from total strangers moves even her strong personality .
tr	I	Mrs. Turner took Angie 's chin , twisting her from head side to side .
tr	I	That little girl is hilarious with her talk grown-up coming from her little body .
tr	I	That made feel her much better .
tr	O	Give him another fifteen days to regroup , and we 're talking about two months .
tr	I	She her whipped head to me and frowned .
tr	I	* The sun was warm on his body , the drying last vestiges of water from his swim .
tr	O	No wonder she 'd been sent back to earth under such vile circumstances this time .
tr	O	Bring her breakfast in bed once in a while .
tr	O	I walked passed where we bought our tickets .
tr	O	Maybe , just maybe , the castle they live in holds an evil spirit that needs removing and we get the call .
tr	I	I what know we 're up against .
tr	I	If you are too focused on me during fight the , you and some of your friends will get hurt , or worse .
tr	O	It delighted me that I could make her feel that way because she filled an emptiness in me that I never knew existed before .
tr	O	I know who you are .
tr	I	If she was successful her days working a as maid were behind her .
tr	I	He took something from the pocket of his denim jacket and bit it into .
tr	I	He had not learned much since the Master had him taken in .
tr	I	With fresh blood flowing my through veins , I felt like I could do anything .
tr	O	Klaudia pressed her hand to her ample chest .
tr	O	Neither acknowledged that this was anything but an ordinary day .
tr	I	Of I course 'll marry you .
tr	I	And then she was slamming the in door Damon 's face .
tr	I	Her churned heart faster and faster .
tr	O	Her heart seized in her chest .
tr	I	I 've never liked having to be dishonest with him , but this is first the time my stomach turns with the lie .
tr	O	He was weaker than most because of his condition when I found him lying in the bomb room .
tr	I	She hesitated , typed then in Prince Mathew .
tr	O	Surprisingly , it was that thought that finally put her at ease and for the rest of the journey she was her normal self .
tr	I	Watch for changes in behavior his .
tr	O	What are we going to do ?
tr	O	She tasted blood as it pooled onto her tongue .
tr	I	For the first time , noticed she that innumerable vampires were crowding at the door to Vad 's room .
tr	O	I just wanted to get out of there as soon as possible .
tr	I	I pushed the covers off me of without thinking .
tr	O	As there was still quite a bit of space , Anna wanted to find a couple of large plants to place in the corners .
tr	I	Always to up something .
tr	O	Jack stood next to three open boxes of glittering jewels .
tr	O	He felt restless and frustrated and more than a little anxious .
tr	I	We 'll provide a special limousine the for trip .
tr	O	He doesn 't want to think about them now .
tr	O	I get to my feet and take him outside , walking back to the garage and noting how silent the neighborhood is ; aching with loneliness .
tr	O	As he lit his cigarette , his handsome and youthful features were briefly illuminated .
tr	I	I don 't mean to fall on asleep the common room sofa , but somehow I end up doing just that .
tr	I	I don 't want my shoes get to wet .
tr	I	It was all about the thrill , the buzz , being part a of something that never grew boring .
tr	I	My dad up picks his glass of champagne with a shaky hand and takes a quick drink .
tr	I	I had enough muscle control for drawing my to actually resemble a house .
tr	I	I him owe that .
tr	O	Maybe I should just close up the store , sell the house , and leave town .
tr	O	Portals have always existed ; doors allowing travelers to move from within Silence to this earth .
tr	I	Confectionary Hall housed all the culinary involving arts sweets and baking .
tr	O	Instead , I said the first thing that popped into my head .
tr	O	She sipped from a bottle of water and watched the proceedings .
tr	O	He 'd removed about a third of them when he discovered a side panel on the bag 's interior .
tr	I	Everything in my life is different shades of gray , so now for , I wing it .
tr	I	It 'll be right all .
tr	I	But unless Damon real y had forgotten completely her , he would hurt Shinichi for this .
tr	O	That means we have almost $ 6,000,000 in the bank right now .
tr	I	The world is never ideal , course of .
tr	I	Survival dictated we a choose new one .
tr	I	Sasha had served as both an attacker a and target in the past , but it had been over a year .
tr	I	Why hadn 't he told me that Mom had dated mayor the first ?
tr	O	We chatted for a few more minutes , then I hung up and started dinner , humming to myself as I browned the hamburger and drained it .
tr	O	I turned and cupped the knife in my hand and swam to the far edge .
tr	I	He walked up to one of the townsfolk motioned and toward her .
tr	O	She frowned from the loss of contact as she fished her keys out of her purse and turned to unlock her front door .
tr	O	' No , not at all .
tr	I	Most hit me , but several him hit .
tr	O	All you have done is taken everything for granted .
tr	I	It can then be concentrated through any one of the satellites in an intense beam , focused on a chosen of area the planet .
tr	I	Rather ruefully he patted the special that license was safely tucked beneath his jacket .
tr	I	But before she could even speak , nurse the grunted loudly and dashed for the stairs .
tr	I	I decided to take a few more steps until I was no in longer the dark , but greeted with blinding light .
tr	O	She walked away without looking back .
tr	I	Internally , was Ship equally confusing .
tr	O	He 's going to put Cascadia Dawn under surveillance for a while .
tr	O	He himself had been disinterested in women to the point of oblivion .
tr	I	The only way to reestablish the moral rules was win to the games as quickly as possible .
tr	O	She didn 't exactly hurt , but she became aware that something wasn 't quite right in her body .
tr	O	she gushed to Jimmy , her boss .
tr	I	The elder Queen steadily ate .
tr	O	They climbed to the third floor and found the chain with a master lock on the stairwell door .
tr	O	If I am to journey to Pangea this day , I shall do it alone , knowing my daughters still have loyal people to assist them .
tr	I	The Rabbi sat back and looked one to side and then the other .
tr	O	I worried it might be too much too soon , but when I tried to dissuade her again , she only pulled me closer .
tr	I	When he heard me walk in shut and the door , he swung around and faced me .
tr	I	Jamie thought for second a .
tr	I	Gemma 't hadn lied .
tr	O	I sighed and with difficulties , pulled my clothes off .
tr	I	He rode down to the lobby and set walking out .
tr	O	She found herself wanting to read his blog , to read about his life on the road .
tr	O	Or , I 'm meeting friends in Las Vegas , and since I 'm so close to the West Coast , I might as well drop in .
tr	I	Mikaela tossed rag the down .
tr	O	Kennedy 's throat constricted .
tr	O	We are so busy just making enough food to keep us alive .
tr	O	Marjorie had taken over the drawing-room for the evening with some programme she wanted to listen to on the wireless .
tr	I	Shocked to the very core of her being , Shirley nearly off fell the sofa .
tr	I	That 's how it was with so things many these days .
tr	I	After that he moved his attention to other of parts his body .
tr	I	Those pains gone were too .
tr	O	He stomps down hard , and his boot crushes the man 's grubby wrist .
tr	I	The feel of her silky mouth feeding was erotic so , he could barely contain himself .
tr	I	They asked Stephanie to recall Gibson from his foraging into Newcastle the records trail of Doctor Younis Khan .
tr	I	She was going them after .
tr	I	Emma had been looking forward to this interview ever since she 'd to spoken Peggy on Monday afternoon .
tr	O	Yes , she was getting that idea .
tr	O	Colton shook his head and followed him .
tr	O	I had worried a lot about someone stealing it .
tr	O	This only served to cause her foot to smart most egregiously .
tr	O	The customers in the store froze .
tr	O	Her eyes were burning and teeth clenched so tightly the tendons in her neck stood out .
tr	I	Mary Ann reached out and , to Destiny 's horror , hugged her briefly walking before determinedly away .
tr	I	I 'm happy to let her do talking the , something she 's quite good at .
tr	O	She offered her hand , and when I shook it , we threw a tiny blue spark .
tr	I	Daniel followed her looked and out .
tr	I	Kylie didn 't answer right away , tilted but her head thoughtfully .
tr	I	Or maybe it simply hadn 't occurred her to .
tr	I	I saying liked us .
tr	I	He had only a farther little to go , but there were already cries of alarm and calls for help .
tr	O	We spent nearly eighty years building bombs and equipping armies while our nation crumbled .
tr	I	* * * The news from Down Under the stunned room in Bruneau .
tr	I	He turned white and out passed , falling backwards onto the bed .
tr	O	Her days on the farm were numbered , and another lost crop could only hasten our departure .
tr	O	Our work here isn 't neat .
tr	I	The warriors who were able to walk came and in made a circle inside the crowd , strutting their manliness .
tr	I	Before I began my one-man party , made I another attempt to reach out to Sydney .
tr	I	That when had they gained technology , they had lost history .
tr	I	She wasn 't feeling any or better stronger .
tr	I	Pour manure the to it .
tr	I	Richard in said an angry tone .
tr	I	I panted against the side of his throat as he a smoothed hand over the top of my head and down to the ends of my hair .
tr	O	I missed my vampire who would never be mine .
tr	I	Brick couldn 't resist little a mockery .
tr	I	Then I ran home , locked all the doors , pulled the curtains and hid the in basement .
tr	I	Z cocked head his toward the pup who sat on the table with his nose pressed into the crook of her elbow .
tr	I	You 've life put back into my soul , and you 've completed me .
tr	O	About one third of people get cancer .
tr	O	His smile got bigger .
tr	I	Digging through his clothes , she realized she liked how he dressed , his style but modern still aristocratic somehow .
tr	O	The only person on the street was a young woman carrying a baby wrapped up tight against the cold .
tr	I	Her life whole , it had been her cornerstone .
tr	O	He placed a hand under my chin and lifted my face so I was looking at him .
tr	I	I could the hear neighbor now : Quick , call the cops !
tr	O	I ignore Leah 's light tug on my arm .
tr	O	None of my five senses could explain the phenomenon , but the lump in my throat choked my breathing , and my eyes burned with fresh tears .
tr	I	He won the war them for , and it destroyed him .
tr	O	There had to be more to it than simple darkness .
tr	O	Ezio looked toward the light .
tr	O	Her lower lip trembled and she shook her head .
tr	O	I could not see him despite his massive body that weighed more than a ton of rock .
tr	I	I broke with the archangels and after went you .
tr	I	We don 't time have to argue .
tr	I	I can 't push him over and he 's searching shelves the .
tr	O	Sometimes it happened for no reason at all .
tr	I	We stand in threshold the together , looking back at the motel room .
tr	O	With a pathetic roll of her eyes , Rhiannon sighed but it came out more like a sob .
tr	I	He said he refused to allow me to break engagement the .
tr	O	I throw her a stern look , which produces another round of giggles .
tr	O	Well , about this time the law showed up .
tr	O	Other women poked at fires and stirred simmering dye pots .
tr	O	Then it started again .
tr	O	It was not two hundred yards from here , and ready to blow .
tr	O	I have failed to be fruitful and multiply .
tr	O	He was no longer the man he 'd once been .
tr	O	' Such a lot of respect is gratifying , ' said the Patrician .
tr	O	And now everyone is obviously extremely worried .
tr	I	Who used walk to these streets ?
tr	I	Charlie for stood a moment , outside the door to the council chambers .
tr	I	It all was downhill after that .
tr	I	I grabbed and one took a bite , savoring the taste for a second .
tr	O	We are ill equipped to slay a dragon and we are few in number . '
tr	O	A few moments passed as Kristin became more absorbed in the book .
tr	I	They sat there as if they 're waiting who 'll stand first up .
tr	I	Calvin knew diving in now be would pointless .
tr	I	I heard Dean walk across lawn the .
tr	I	He looked to for Hart support .
tr	O	Mac and Jace followed closely behind him .
tr	I	I down knelt and smiled .
tr	I	Her body on fire from his nearness and the scent of sandalwood that filled her head , Grace blushed as she her remembered words to Selena .
tr	I	Anything there would back go when the machine was activated .
tr	O	Frankly , she didn 't want to have that grief just yet .
tr	I	Presently the from chamber 's uttermost reaches a new sound came .
tr	O	I had done this .
tr	O	I didn 't think he was taking me to Andrews since that was public as well .
tr	I	Outside of Prim , my mother , and Gale , how many people in the world me love unconditionally ?
tr	I	As a body , mean I .
tr	O	I turned a faucet and water came out .
tr	O	I called out for Miss Channing but didn 't receive an answer .
tr	I	What they was did meth .
tr	I	Katrina laughs lightly they as walk away .
tr	O	They had all talked about the chaos of Christmas .
tr	O	Claire gave the driver a smile and he grinned back , flicking his eyelid in a flirtatious wink .
tr	I	Looking back at the planet , he saw the things retreat back the into clouds .
tr	I	I over looked my shoulder .
tr	I	She surprised them when she through walked the kitchen doors .
tr	I	Stupid the from moment I 'd seen her .
tr	I	You 're not allowed to Airman blush .
tr	O	The sun had only just gone down when they heard a rustle out in the darkness of the forest floor .
tr	I	He shuffled some transparencies in his hands , settling a for different one , focusing the projector for the third time .
tr	O	On my tiptoes , I squint to read the labels and select what I have of the medley that my tablet specified for me .
tr	O	I needed to get a seat in her section before she came walking out into the dinning room .
tr	O	- I 'm already bored with this movie ... I will continue this puzzle -- Eliza began to speak later .
tr	O	Baskets of potpourri filled the air with lavender , vanilla , and jasmine .
tr	O	Surprise shone on his face .
tr	I	The hit crawler the ground hard but charged again , on five limbs now as its left arm hung limply at its side .
tr	O	Emily thought he looked terrific .
tr	I	I at looked whatever object stopped me and was surprised by the serene eyes of Pallas Athena .
tr	O	Her heart , usually so erratic , was struggling to match the more even beat of his .
tr	O	Once she found another job , she would tell him .
tr	I	So I just crouched low , still naked as a nymph , and retrieved two of my throwing from knives the first fallen killer .
tr	O	She was sore and feeling dirty and wanted nothing more than to wash herself and crawl into bed with Elizabeth and cry on her shoulder .
tr	O	I shoved it to the back of my own shirt drawer .
tr	O	The big D for Dull .
tr	O	I bucked my hips and cried out as pleasure bloomed all over my body .
tr	I	Nanna came rushing down the stairs and up scooped Agatha , scolding her for running away during bath time .
tr	O	Repel any boarders who you do not recognise and do not give the codeword .
tr	O	Messenger enjoyed the quiet , the sound of water on stone , the soft sound of laughter and the rustle of robes .
tr	I	Vanessa her shook head with a regretful smile .
tr	O	Despite the abuse , the most frightening part of the day had come when he started to understand what was really happening in Randor 's Pass .
tr	I	There were too of few them .
tr	O	By this time , he wasn 't seeing anything too clearly .
tr	I	He held himself above her , looking into her eyes until finally , she grabbed his hips forced and him to move .
tr	I	I shake my shoulders , trying relax to , but it doesn 't seem to help .
tr	I	Zoey staggered towards the kitchen table , pulled out a chair , sat and .
tr	I	Josh put his hand on mark the .
tr	I	I watched , with disbelieving eyes at fight a that seemed doomed .
tr	O	' A High Mage perhaps ?
tr	I	The chopper 's engines into whined a banshee 's cry as it climbed again and spun after them .
tr	I	He is closer growing .
tr	O	He 's willing to make a deal .
tr	I	She didn 't trust herself speak to .
tr	O	The land , as far as he could see , consisted of solid black broken rock , which felt strangely soft under his boots .
tr	O	At least Henry knew .
tr	O	When Willie had come he had been relieved in a way .
tr	O	She fought the reflex .
tr	O	Sorry that I had been so willing to kill him , and sorry too that I would do it again if it would save Jack .
tr	I	This is I why feel you really should go back to Cedar Hill and get out of The Program .
tr	O	Her sobs became more intense at her weakness .
tr	I	They were placed right in the middle the of scariest place on Earth , completely void of time and space .
tr	I	Father asked , crossing his arms and studying ground the .
tr	I	It 's ancient , and everybody 's forgotten it about , but it 's still there .
tr	I	Lucas said , referring Clay to 's comment .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure she could handle more information right now .
tr	O	How he 'd felt about skipping two grades .
tr	I	She flirted with his prohibition , following through him the town like this .
tr	I	Maybe it was time for me to borrow somebody 's computer and look him up the on internet .
tr	O	Ben crumpled a moment later .
tr	O	She sucked in a breath when the full force of those heated eyes hit her .
tr	I	He would the add extra page later when it was fixed .
tr	O	He let out a whoop of joy and stepped to the side so I could see too .
tr	I	She tried to control breathing her .
tr	O	He reached out and took the girl by the hand as he rose from the bench , and drew her to him .
tr	O	Such things were best done quietly anyway .
tr	I	I could see what was he doing .
tr	O	But it turned out to be a marvelous cover for his extracurricular activities .
tr	I	I was traumatized with the web of life consuming deliberately me and excruciatingly piece by piece , day and night .
tr	I	He squeezed hand my a little tighter .
tr	I	It was swift brutal and and over in a matter of minutes .
tr	I	I letting 'm God lead the way .
tr	I	Geoff had said , when the fight or flight response is activated ninety percent of people will opt flight for .
tr	I	Things could have much been worse .
tr	I	His hands above sat his belt on his hip , one hand remained dangerously close to his pistol .
tr	I	I need something help to steel my heart , at least for tonight anyway .
tr	I	Sara flicked her and tail the blanket slipped off and fell to the floor .
tr	O	We decorated the trees and put them up above the parapet .
tr	I	She didn 't to want run the risk of encountering Hawk at his house .
tr	I	He told them he would like two eggs scrambled , with bacon , coffee , and bread .
tr	O	We aren 't being very good hosts .
tr	I	She was as almost tall as I was and could look me straight in the eye .
tr	O	He slept in a large room located in the basement .
tr	O	At least that 's what he 'd like to think she was counting on .
tr	O	I looked at him like I had no idea what he was talking about , which only seemed to encourage him .
tr	I	Joni had beautiful a voice .
tr	I	The moaned beams and splinters appeared everywhere .
tr	I	Oblong and black , the load slid towards dock the .
tr	I	The last thing I need is to wind up dead , crashed in ditch a before I even reach the county line .
tr	O	Rolling my eyes , I shove at his shoulder .
tr	I	It was a of token surrender .
tr	O	So focused on her work , she didn 't realize anything might be amiss until Canute got to his feet and snarled at the door .
tr	O	Up close , they stood well over six feet tall , and had bodies the width of two men .
tr	I	He is a gentle person who would hurt no one who and would never hurt a robot .
tr	O	He leafed through the random words .
tr	O	A pin board was found .
tr	O	Get upstairs and change your clothes .
tr	I	The very jewel that saved them had him stopped from eating anything else .
tr	O	Grabbing the dagger , he threw it blindly .
tr	O	The only time I do move is when Mrs Mason calls us to dinner .
tr	O	It seems like the world should be different so far from her side , but block after block appears to be perfectly average , mundane .
tr	I	I look at closer the blossoms .
tr	I	Was the most popular guy the in school .
tr	I	Because he was her like ?
tr	I	Stephan strode over and signed contract the .
tr	O	He cupped her breasts , his thumbs brushing her nipples , savoring the way her muscles clenched around him with every stroke .
tr	I	She her regained composure and shook her head .
tr	I	Ezra saw it in their ; faces they were all scared of doing anything .
tr	I	It had so been long .
tr	I	She struggled against her bindings again until felt she the heat of her Trait as it resurfaced .
tr	O	He struggled to hold onto Henry .
tr	I	I haven 't seen him since a becoming vampire .
tr	I	I have the knife aimed out in front of me , my legs crossing one over another as I move for closet the .
tr	I	She also liked that he was leaving comfortable her alone with her thoughts .
tr	I	Will hardly seemed hear to him .
tr	I	Then he turned away from her and strode the across room for a towel .
tr	O	Someone was on the other side of the wall she was leaning against .
tr	O	As if on cue , a side door to the gym opened and the football team poured out in their pads and jerseys .
tr	I	I pull up to the dance studio and turn the off engine .
tr	O	She had grown to like it .
tr	O	His face went pale , like I 'd said something scary .
tr	I	In the distance was the barn we had parked at and the Escalade black was coming out of it .
tr	O	It rose one thousand feet off the ground .
tr	O	She still had enough strength to walk away from him , in her own best interests .
tr	I	But Meredith dress 's had only made her look sultry .
tr	O	Push open the heavy gates of iron Guarded by a fierce stone lion .
tr	O	I REALLY MEANT NO .
tr	I	She begged him some for small comfort .
tr	I	Sean a had peculiar kind of strength , powerful but lean , quick and supple , but without weakness .
tr	O	' ' Well , it helps me escape from this world temporarily .
tr	I	A girl could fall love in with that , I think .
tr	O	We say hello at the rodeo , and that kind of thing .
tr	O	There was another burst of static .
tr	I	More showed people up for this party than for any of the others so far .
tr	I	He 'd gotten a Christmas vacation this year and spending was the whole time with Andie and us .
tr	I	I lowered my gaze and stomach my rolled .
tr	I	I asked myself what I would 've done had I with been Derek .
tr	O	a creep was beyond her .
tr	O	Oliver 's voice was very soft .
tr	I	Being able to lip read would have came in handy now right .
tr	I	It was easily the of length my arm , shoulder to wrist .
tr	I	No amount of arguing on my part would penetrate her picture-perfect recollection of one of the vilest men ever to inhabit our planet .
tr	O	If they thought they could catch up to Blake , they 're crazy .
tr	O	It 's just a sunburned arm , after all .
tr	I	His father quit the company and took a at position Ella 's mother 's corporation .
tr	O	At her smile he dropped the newspaper and lifted an eyebrow asking without words what was on her mind .
tr	I	Smiling , she pointed toward the and dock then waved .
tr	I	If was Verity thinking of changing lovers , she could damn well forget it .
tr	I	The boy quickly fell into line with the rest us of , his eyes wide .
tr	O	The nebulous plan still forming in his mind was looking better and better by the moment .
tr	I	He his brought entire pack .
tr	O	Detail : ref terrorists , arms , drugs , religious fervor , Shadows .
tr	O	Simon stared at Neil .
tr	I	But some basic part of him seized on sole that notion ; that he had a job to do .
tr	I	But here were two them of almost giggling like children .
tr	I	The vivacious energy that had her animated a moment ago dimmed abruptly .
tr	O	What would happen to the dead then ?
tr	I	Mira folded the thick napkin white into a swan and pushed it across the table .
tr	I	I clear throat my .
tr	I	They their shook heads .
tr	O	She moaned as a swell of loss tried to drag her down , but she couldn 't give up .
tr	I	He outweighed her by at least eighty pounds ; there was no way she have could lifted him .
tr	O	He swings me around , hugging me tight .
tr	O	On edge after the excitement of rescuing those girls and the discovery that Father may be alive .
tr	I	The man said thank you , as and Michelle turned back toward the wide sidewalk , she felt eyes on her .
tr	O	Will ow reached for the pencil tucked behind her ear and quickly jotted it down .
tr	O	It was a domed and circular room truncated by a narrow platform against the south wall where he stood .
tr	I	Marco Polo asked why he was ready to kill a person who was he calling a friend .
tr	I	It looked simple and comfortable and 'd she always felt good in that color .
tr	I	The day had certainly brightened .
tr	I	Some know would he was there before he took on the tangible shape that had teeth and claws .
tr	O	I am not good at anything .
tr	I	I could now see why he wore long sleeves and pants all the time .
tr	O	His blue eyes widened as it dawned on him what I was going to suggest .
tr	O	Yet as he swung his club at Romulus ' face , his entire body suddenly went rigid , like a lightning bolt had struck him .
tr	O	The tide of leathery beasts surged forward toward the tunnel 's narrow entrance .
tr	O	There was no protection .
tr	O	Rachel 's voice was muffled .
tr	O	They came to visit , and all of this just kind of blew up in my face .
tr	I	Abigail couldn 't help smile but .
tr	I	A red light was blossoming outside window the , like the glow of a distant fire .
tr	I	Needing to distract herself from that line thought of , she looked at Arik .
tr	O	And yes , I am freaking out , but I can hardly manage more than a low moan and a couple of sparse tears .
tr	O	Rex asks as we walk across the polished marble floor .
tr	I	Imagine darting through doorways and lingering in empty rooms to just avoid him .
tr	I	And leaving him with a howling wolf within him .
tr	O	And so , they left our realm .
tr	O	He measured the distance between where he stood and the deck with his eyes .
tr	O	My dear Steve back in the days !
tr	I	It appears he was or strangled perhaps something similar .
tr	I	She stood and shimmied her hips , tugging up skirt her .
tr	I	She had his twisted arm behind his back and the silver knife to his throat .
tr	O	Had Gran gotten up and found her gone ?
tr	O	They just wanted her that bad .
tr	I	I hadn even 't practiced the new image that I 'm visualizing .
tr	I	We always were surprised when she even laughed , and giggling was in an entirely different league .
tr	O	I found my sweater and headed outside .
tr	I	He subjected her to every humiliating degradation could he think of .
tr	I	Crying wouldn 't help situation her .
tr	O	Second , the pestilence .
tr	I	But the hinges were rusted shut , and he struggled in vain open to them .
tr	I	She her raised eyebrows .
tr	O	She moved over to him , trying to lay a hand on his shoulder like the doctor had done with her mom .
tr	I	If she 'd had some secret reason coming for back to the library tonight .
tr	O	She ´ s cool with me .
tr	I	It wasn 't normal , but there was something different about the way he said it as if he was love in .
tr	I	I lead her to Gate 12 , down the boarding tunnel and into my home : a commercial 747 jet .
tr	I	I take a shower , scrubbing the mud and today memories 's away .
tr	O	He didn 't care about anyone in any way other than the professional .
tr	I	* * * Jo climbed into the car a after grueling physical therapy session .
tr	I	They slept had together on and off for the past decade or so .
tr	I	The new Governor could elect serve to out the remainder of his or her predecessor 's term .
tr	I	And when he healed , he could help the rebuild warriors Club Destiny , giving something back to the town .
tr	O	I had to reposition myself a few times , to keep comfortable , but my mouth never left its task .
tr	I	I feel real bad for what happened Heather to .
tr	O	There was no way to know whether we were in danger , or I might have left it be .
tr	O	An ivory shoulder rose in an elegant shrug .
tr	O	A ring that Rocco had given her just last night over dinner .
tr	I	After out working one equation I closed the book , going to bed .
tr	O	Her parents really deserved to suffer for what they had done to her .
tr	I	Its body was roughly the same size as the house , with wings that big again and long a sturdy tail .
tr	I	Not even Link could have this made up .
tr	O	She climbed into bed and leaned back against the pillows , watching as he unzipped his jeans .
tr	O	Instead she wrapped her arms around him .
tr	I	They used the uniform or the organization to fulfill roles those ; kill Jews , gain wealth , create super humans , and so on .
tr	O	He surprised me when his clean hand touched the side of my cheek , sending chills down my skin .
tr	I	Almost all of the Vedic poems religious are in nature and tend to concern the fates and tribulations of various gods .
tr	I	It was a of layer thick silvery powder almost the same bright silver color as Jem 's eyes .
tr	I	It a 's cold case .
tr	I	He waved off the bellboy , picked up suitcases their , and headed for the elevator .
tr	O	He dragged his index finger along the crotch of her panties , brushing over her swollen sex , and she experienced a burst of pleasure .
tr	I	It was a direct hit the to center of her chest .
tr	O	It was a locket , a silver heart with my birthstone in the center .
tr	I	He was rough in all ways , but his still pretty boy look made him smooth out at the edges .
tr	I	he with asked a scowl .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure I cared what they did .
tr	O	He 'd told her only that he understood her desires .
tr	I	The cafe was busy , filled with young dressed people in faded denim and dark leather jackets .
tr	I	Submerged at bottom the lay hidden the strange skull .
tr	O	Thousands of miles away from Cadogan House .
tr	O	He was an award-winning actor , not betraying for a second how we already knew one another .
tr	I	I can 't do any of those things because I 'm still trying to wrap my mind around what he saying 's .
tr	O	He stared at his father , his voice still tense with the unfamiliar adrenaline that Colby knew must still be rocketing through him .
tr	O	A waitress in a flimsy black chiffon dress stopped in front of him .
tr	O	Tears moistened Carol 's eyes , and she struggled to keep them at bay .
tr	I	What was a little geometry nonstandard compared to that ?
tr	I	The word shot another arrow of into adrenaline my heart .
tr	O	You don 't do kids , you don 't do old people .
tr	O	I 'll follow him tonight then .
tr	I	This night , this night , wanted I to see what everyone else had already seen .
tr	O	According to the records , Grandma was cremated .
tr	I	I put up hands my .
tr	O	I 'm made to do house and yard work .
tr	I	His father , the master shipbuilder , had refused to name it : tradition stated that the ship first 's captain had that honor .
tr	O	He 'd never known what it was like to always be reaching for the sun while standing in the shadow of another .
tr	I	We both see the monster at the same time as bursts it from the trees , bearing down on Six .
tr	O	Mimi held onto Josh fast .
tr	O	Her eyes met mine and I felt as if the world had stopped .
tr	O	She was just trying to come to terms with that when a police officer approached the back of the ambulance .
tr	I	But what it if 's not ?
tr	O	Claire had a camera with her , as if this was a sightseeing event and not training for murder .
tr	I	Rupert responded by raiding several nearby Parliamentarian fortress , but found them all empty the of much needed guns .
tr	I	We did not even a have story line .
tr	O	I could feel her breath against my neck .
tr	O	The alarm had stopped shrieking , and he had gotten stronger .
tr	I	The moment he did , he could actually feel features his changing .
tr	I	Elizabeth lifted head her and turned to see Sir Marcus holding Chase in the air by his throat .
tr	O	The one who crossed his Ts and dotted his Is ; the son that was groomed for bigger and better things .
tr	I	Plus , he 's not the most trusting to person strangers , considering what he does for a living .
tr	O	' According to Sister Brookes , Carol Butterfield was a regular volunteer . '
tr	O	She 'd been down for an hour , and he knew it was only a matter of time before she would wake up screaming again .
tr	O	He loved her unfettered reactions .
tr	O	They were at his house before she could decide how to bring up what she wanted to say .
tr	I	I 'm way out of YA age and loved still it .
tr	I	I have alerted already Internal Revenue .
tr	O	Of course he might have stolen a few things and then bolted .
tr	O	She found him just as devastatingly handsome now as she had when first laying eyes on him .
tr	O	After she finished , her eyes pleaded with her dad to understand .
tr	I	The must Ancients be asleep at the wheel , she thought .
tr	I	Now , where 's my coat bloody , woman ? '
tr	O	Brick took the empty armchair as his seat , leaving They on his favourite thinking chair and Fate on one end of the sofa .
tr	I	She took a long pull the on beer .
tr	I	She stopped to next Elizabeth .
tr	I	Then he slowly turned the to astonished onlookers .
tr	O	Jain looked at Eduard .
tr	I	For a second , I couldn 't remember if I told her in the last few days or the before accident .
tr	O	Nova rode well behind her father and near the back of the lumbering group .
tr	I	It wasn 't like riding a bike , although you had to balanced stay .
tr	I	We 'd been through before this .
tr	O	She heard herself moan and buried her face against his shoulder to stifle the sound .
tr	O	Sweat trickled down the side of his face .
tr	I	They cautiously approached the high , ragged edge broken of concrete with rods thrusting out of it like fractured bones .
tr	I	Nate tucked the knife bloody into his waistband and followed with greater strength than before , apparently fueled by the adrenaline from the battle .
tr	I	She was really nice , maybe because the Tooth Sweet was helping , and we spent almost half an hour searching through three storage rooms .
tr	I	The rough fabric his of jeans was taut across his groin .
tr	O	And the shopping district within it was always packed with people .
tr	O	He winced , but the pain passed , and he became himself again .
tr	O	Not on the list , anyway , and Mr. Dewey 's system jumped straight from the third floor to the fifth .
tr	O	Sara 's eyes widened with alarm .
tr	O	I can hear a pin drop half a mile away and I 'll heal most wounds within an hour .
tr	I	They hadn 't acted differently me toward .
tr	O	You 're supposed to let it set .
tr	O	Morgan Bristow is moving forward with the Lake View plan tonight .
tr	I	But my fucking goes back -- I actually have Polaroids of old , lost long fucks that I can 't bring myself to burn .
tr	I	I knew he could I tell was awake .
tr	O	My heart beat wildly .
tr	I	I walked over him to and linked my arm through his .
tr	I	I sleep it in .
tr	I	Alan pointed his AR-15 into side the room .
tr	I	Her fingers gripped had the steering wheel so hard they were nearly numb .
tr	O	Dad held the door open for me .
tr	O	Like I said before , sometimes it just doesn 't make any sense .
tr	O	He studies me intently with his head cocked to the side .
tr	O	I look at Anthony and then my mom to see their reaction , but they look just as surprised as I am .
tr	O	I felt sorry for the guy .
tr	O	And what if you had access to the sum total of all blips , Samantha ?
tr	O	I don 't go liking a guy everyday just for the sake of doing it .
tr	I	Ruthie wasn working 't today , so she might easily be at home .
tr	O	I 'll be the best there is .
tr	I	And tell and Sammy Tammy thanks too .
tr	I	None of us have met ever up with anyone fleeing from there .
tr	O	A quiet beeping sound was then emitted by the monitor , indicating that the transmission was being received .
tr	I	But what if it everything ruined ?
tr	I	Silently he his made way down the stone path .
tr	I	I wouldn 't be surprised if there was a layer dense of Candor surrounding the entire complex of Erudite buildings .
tr	O	A half hour later , fifteen people sat down at a huge table in Sal 's dining room .
tr	O	He turned to look at her .
tr	O	I wrote it this morning , and it explains ... everything .
tr	I	It appeared be to some sort of fruit bread .
tr	O	Esmeralda looked at the Turtle .
tr	O	She believed in you .
tr	I	I sure hoped the books wanted we were in this section , because I wasn 't walking anymore .
tr	O	He noted the convict number printed on every piece of clothing , but he hadn 't bothered to memorise the name 's that went with them .
tr	I	She nearly tripped on a chair , steadying herself before he help could her .
tr	I	Their secret nearly had destroyed the family and done unmistakable damage to his father .
tr	O	Her thoughts were interrupted when she looked up to see the sheriff standing over her , not looking too happy .
tr	I	I could hear smile the in his voice .
tr	O	Now I no longer need him .
tr	I	He so turned that he sat sideways on the couch with his back to her , one knee on the cushion .
tr	I	So , it seems we can expect of some this DNA to be Kieron 's as well as the Joker 's .
tr	I	There hadn 't been any rumors , there had ?
tr	I	The tape recording was clearly of the conversation he 'd with had Daren .
tr	I	' So be it , my lady , ' he says , and he rises to feet his , his head reaching to the sky .
tr	I	It struck him as odd that would she have such wonderful taste given what she had said about her background .
tr	I	When he his shoved tongue back into her , he felt Misty lowering her head over him .
tr	I	You were and unconscious couldn 't protect yourself or tell me anything .
tr	I	He suddenly realised he was staring into her eyes , and turned to walk on so that she should not see he how blushed .
tr	I	The only person possibly who looked more uncomfortable than me was my father .
tr	O	I was thinking the latter .
tr	I	Arturo looked at for him a long moment , then began to smile .
tr	I	He leaned back with an I expression couldn 't decipher .
tr	I	Which way had gone he ?
tr	I	He couldn 't explain a thing his about reactions to her .
tr	O	Perhaps they sensed her worry .
tr	O	Ice sat uncomfortably , staring blindly at the screen , wondering how to tell a girl she was too ... easy ?
tr	O	They had to do this .
tr	I	He stuck my in card his pocket .
tr	O	There were certainly enough of them these days .
tr	I	he whispered in ear my .
tr	O	Firstly , the men themselves carried spear or sword to pierce , slash and cut at the enemy .
tr	I	His mood 't wasn too positive at the moment , any more than hers was .
tr	I	From second the story window , there was a clear view out over the water .
tr	I	But I remembered the way she into melted me at the library so I decided to test the waters .
tr	O	' I don 't mind .
tr	O	She shakes her head , gets up and walks back to the bed .
tr	I	She 's the always same with everyone .
tr	O	Their motion together was slow , glacial , coursing in like a tide , drifting out like an exhalation .
tr	O	There was a connection between them and therefore , Mia was ready to stay with him , when he needed her .
tr	O	Then I returned to this life , gasping for air like a fish on the edge of a pond , my wounds miraculously healed .
tr	O	The room itself was formerly a conference room ; JPL had no space ready for the sudden need .
tr	I	They had seemed to openly disdain our planet , and it was than more obvious they only wanted us for our blood .
tr	I	' Your expression says all it .
tr	O	What can I do ?
tr	I	Chapter 12 Par -- 3 145 Yards Ken Discovers Buzz ' Secret The par 3 , 145 yard , 12th is Bradford 's favorite .
tr	I	He inserted what looked a like pen into a small hole beneath the elevator panel .
tr	O	She 's laid back and she cracks a witty joke here and there in that soft , but husky voice of hers .
tr	I	Nobody approach could the house undetected .
tr	O	It was an unmitigated disaster .
tr	I	I can 't go on without him , I can just 't .
tr	O	Michael raised a brow .
tr	O	I asked him about whether he knew what happened to them .
tr	I	My breath caught in my throat , my and smile froze in place .
tr	I	The rest of the guests were all over place the .
tr	O	I didn 't even think about food .
tr	I	Or The Beast , short for .
tr	I	He gave the gun a glance as David with mounted it , cracked open over his arm .
tr	I	When she was home from school sick , Gran would make her toast and tea and let Autumn rest her head her on lap .
tr	I	Not for a second did I blame her for me cutting loose .
tr	I	I want get to out .
tr	I	Ellen 's eyes were all darting over .
tr	I	he asked , a taking sip of the hot coffee .
tr	O	He slipped his jacket on and grabbed his books and keys .
tr	I	Why can 't just he relax and enjoy the moment ?
tr	I	( No way other of putting it . )
tr	O	She bobbed her head toward James and then leaned toward me for a conspiratorial whisper .
tr	O	One time when she was teaching me , she tried to get fancy and flip it in the pan , but it landed on this paper .
tr	I	And leave I before can say more .
tr	I	Tessa smiled at her and there were tears her in eyes .
tr	I	Surprise for was amateurs .
tr	I	Even more surprising , I found that I 'd actually enjoyed process the .
tr	I	We sit silence in for a few a minutes , not knowing where to go next .
tr	I	It was both and terrifying exciting at once .
tr	I	Whoever had made that sound was hurt , and when it was followed by of more that ugly laughter , Kira knew the two were related .
tr	I	That smile small touched something inside him that he didn 't want to explore too closely .
tr	I	Even Clementine and she 's about as perfect woman a as I know .
tr	I	Why don 't you to go the kitchen and tell your daddy what happened .
tr	I	It would appear now that was obviously the not case .
tr	I	She 'd walk over unsteadily to the kitchen and pour herself a small bowl of cereal and several cups of black coffee .
tr	O	Pastor Barnes stared at Jane for a moment .
tr	I	At least learn I a few things .
tr	O	If he had to die , he wanted someone worthy to take the kill shot .
tr	O	His long fingers played on the harpsichord keys without any notion of music .
tr	I	I roll eyes my .
tr	I	But it uncomfortable 's , isn 't it , baby ?
tr	O	He snarled when approached and yelled when touched .
tr	O	There was nothing just in the death of a child .
tr	I	Pia voice 's held an edge of crisis .
tr	O	The Vitale Society is an organization with a long history , and once you are a member of the society , you are one for life .
tr	O	There were so many ways to kill her , so many ways to bring about humiliation .
tr	I	Now it was just a matter of holding the together pieces .
tr	O	He gripped the steering wheel with both hands .
tr	I	After long a moment , Charlotte held out her hand to Emma .
tr	O	Hell , all I wanted to do was pop him in the chops .
tr	O	When he was done , a satisfied look warmed his face and he returned the device to Camille .
tr	O	When he could no longer see her , he then turned his attention to Mortimer .
tr	I	I gestured around me and to back my belly .
tr	O	He propped himself on one elbow without pausing in his rhythm until I opened my eyes and found him staring directly into them .
tr	O	She was already back at her post , flipping through a magazine .
tr	O	She caresses his hair .
tr	O	I knew you 'd start falling for me , but you don 't get to make demands .
tr	I	Van 's face staring back at me her from contact picture sends my eyes to the time .
tr	I	I didn 't see what was so about funny it .
tr	I	He looked at me then sighed and .
tr	O	The car was half empty now .
tr	O	She mumbled it a bit louder but still he could not here it .
tr	I	No one possibly can think to look for me here , with you turning out the room .
tr	I	We 're just three random bloodied and injured people with drawn swords being by chased a super guild !
tr	I	I him shot back .
tr	I	Nick shuddered and again then straightened and took a deep , cleansing breath .
tr	I	Max me pulled against him and I slipped my hand away .
tr	O	He handed her the flashlight .
tr	I	From across the room I watched a girl with family problems losing it in a bathroom public .
tr	O	The things one finds absorbing when an engagement has taken place .
tr	O	When I walk around the corner , Chloe is talking to our mothers and Bre is nowhere in sight .
tr	O	I have to find Todd .
tr	O	Beth 's mercenary words were at odds with the sweet , down-to-earth woman Charlotte knew her to be .
tr	O	Wil was thinking of disabled people , mentally disabled ones who seem to simplify their surroundings and eradicate its complexities .
tr	I	They continued to hold power after the Normans invaded Great Britain in 1010 , and my family became deeply connected to French the aristocracy .
tr	I	We 'll later talk .
tr	I	He was decked all out .
tr	I	Already she was trembling fear in .
tr	I	He screamed , and blacked then out again .
tr	I	All Bruno wanted a was little more cash than you were giving him .
tr	I	He was also grateful it would up be to Lyall to sort this mess out .
tr	O	A moan rose in Jenny 's throat as his hands grasped her waist , relentlessly forcing her outward .
tr	I	The rooms school at were open from 6.30 AM until midnight to all students to practise what they needed .
tr	I	He tasted himself in her faintly , but she 'd cleaned herself before coming to back bed , so it wasn 't too strong .
tr	I	He wore a trendy western shirt with embroidery on the front of it and distressed cowboy leather boots .
tr	O	She looked me over pretty thoroughly before getting up from her desk .
tr	I	I 'm just going to have to find a few hundred more dollars from somewhere and worry about it when I get home .
tr	O	Even though he knew I loved him .
tr	I	Then he entered the building with half them of following him silently .
tr	O	And his hair was lighter , reflecting coppery tones from the fluorescent lighting .
tr	O	I 'll get these out to your car .
tr	O	How do you feel now ?
tr	O	Still much higher than the large cone of sand , gradually rising higher into the room as it accumulates , Rift determines another portal is in order .
tr	I	Her vision momentarily white went .
tr	O	Yes , I did have a look around , and yes , there are more of them here . '
tr	O	He glanced at Vaughn .
tr	O	He looked older , but it was definitely him .
tr	O	I motioned to my tight chest .
tr	I	I looked back Dave at .
tr	I	There no were crowds .
tr	O	Ellis was still right behind her .
tr	I	His sleeve was tattered above ugly tears and in punctures his skin .
tr	O	There are people walking up and down the sidewalk .
tr	O	Zack , Lance and Bob just shrugged and set off after him .
tr	I	He gave me a cheery before wave tugging Charlotte in my direction .
tr	I	Nice hear to from you , too .
tr	I	When his lips drift to neck my , I can 't stand .
tr	O	The closely packed trees were of such great girth that they enclosed the shrine like a natural living palisade .
tr	I	asked Simon , although unsure if it was good a idea as for some unknown reason Kiara also came to mind .
tr	O	I didn 't hear a heartbeat anywhere around me .
tr	O	It was forty-two , said the thermometer Jason had given me on my birthday .
tr	I	' Wait for here me , Nova .
tr	O	He released her hand and pulled the phone from his pocket .
tr	O	Especially strange since he was such a methodical planner in every other way .
tr	O	Jill adjusted her hard hat .
tr	I	Chance and 's Gwen father had already played her enough .
tr	I	I held up my before hand he could answer .
tr	O	That was absolutely the scariest thing Claire had ever seen , that and the sincerity in his eyes .
tr	O	We read the weight specifications on this thing .
tr	I	She narrowed her eyes as she at looked him .
tr	O	I drag to the restroom and relieve my full bladder .
tr	I	She around spun , already smiling .
tr	I	I hung feeling up satisfied with the situation .
tr	O	Because he loved her .
tr	O	We had been flooded with pleas .
tr	I	The fact that Anderson was friendly didn elude 't him .
tr	O	She noticed Jemma watching her carefully ; ready to come to her aid should Sibyl make the slightest indication that she needed it .
tr	O	He had hopes and dreams and a heart bigger than that of anyone I 'd ever met .
tr	I	Our soulless girl saw the sincerity in her aunt , and she realized that it would something be to remember her by come tomorrow .
tr	O	Felix stepped forward out of the light of the hallway .
tr	O	He was her husband now , her body belonged to him .
tr	O	What do you see when you look at me ?
tr	O	I ended by recommending that if he wanted to hear all about true living , he should attend Louisa Brandon 's supper party .
tr	I	I grabbed his hand and pulled down him next to me .
tr	O	I know who won the last World Series , but not where I was when it was played .
tr	I	Tick knew she was right , and about for three seconds hated her for it .
tr	O	With the scars on his face , it looked more like a grimace , but his eyes were twinkling .
tr	O	Four , he could recall , maybe five .
tr	O	More shots pass overhead , sweeping by in an exploratory spread .
tr	O	He leans forward , kissing me tenderly , jolting my heart with its usual lightning bolt .
tr	O	A noticeable pause followed the description .
tr	I	It took a few minutes her for to pick it up .
tr	I	He gave a faint as sniff he attempted to be brave .
tr	O	I say , trying to act like I didn 't realize who Dina was .
tr	I	Her intense gaze was him driving crazy .
tr	I	Roger waited for a response didn that 't come .
tr	O	The Everlasting Storm impedes technology but enhances magic .
tr	O	The staff sat reading , listening to music or just staring into space .
tr	I	She couldn help 't a smile in return .
tr	O	After a spell of silence , he finally drew in a deep breath , and it appeared that he was full of dread .
tr	I	Amelia the slid plate toward us .
tr	I	Richard aimlessly kicked with his uninjured leg , unable to see what was going on out of his watering eyes .
tr	I	I jumped 'd into an open pit .
tr	I	This entire operation must be completed within minutes fifteen .
tr	O	I 'd known it was a potential security risk - but not one that involved her leaving against her will .
tr	O	His body was designed for a purpose and designed well .
tr	O	The one she met on the Internet .
tr	O	And I can say that because I have been through all these which you have just begun to see .
tr	O	I wanted the illusion that things were the way they were supposed to be .
tr	O	She 'd tried for so long to keep that part of her cold .
tr	I	That had been Jane 's last to order him .
tr	O	His skin looked to be made of rubber from all the time he spent on a boat absorbing the sun and salt air .
tr	I	Her breasts rose with each inhalation , her nipples erect under thin the fabric of her bra .
tr	I	He was wearing still the sword on his belt , which Reginald thought ruined the otherwise suave image he 'd displayed tonight .
tr	I	He always was in total control .
tr	I	I opened door the wide and they both looked inside , trying to find who had opened the door .
tr	I	It 's else somebody .
tr	I	I could see so many trees I had never before seen .
tr	O	and the others giggled in agreement as they watched the first aid people take him out of the skate area .
tr	O	I hope he 's all right .
tr	O	The realization dawned with each twin at the same time , lighting up their faces with glee .
tr	I	Usually meant that no later than the age of 25 .
tr	O	I wasn 't paying much attention at the Dojo .
tr	I	She , Pia and a proud but Tamara tired hovered over the crib .
tr	I	Her expression was blank as she lowered her gun onto counter the , and her hand was shaking .
tr	I	Hyde said , holding his hands up in his to effort calm down the traitor .
tr	O	After another ten minutes , they reached the edge of the air base .
tr	O	Best to take what should could now .
tr	I	That Alonso was Vega .
tr	I	She had only a short time before her daughter was forced to do deadly something for a pup .
tr	I	She 'd run by that old house she had up grown fantasizing about -- the giant Victorian with the purple shutters .
tr	I	His type of music used to be loud with screaming angry singers yelling over loud drums that did their best play to over the even louder guitars .
tr	I	I believe they didn 't give me much chance of survival at one stage , but I certainly had no intention dying of . '
tr	I	' That bring could the whole place down on our heads , ' he said skeptically .
tr	I	He raised an at eyebrow me and I stared at his naked torso in front of me , trying not to run into his arms .
tr	I	She pointed to the outside space her room .
tr	I	With a smile , Dean Worthen holds up glass his .
tr	O	Chewy tossed his bag by Clint 's side , smiled and skipped down the rest of the hall to the records office .
tr	I	Marie with her team set had up a workstation to deal with any injuries .
tr	I	Cheyenne her raised hand .
tr	O	I looked over my shoulder at Riley , who was still lounging in the grass .
tr	O	He leans his back against the side of my bed .
tr	I	And then brings he you home .
tr	I	Up near the wooden dark headboard , there were pillows lining the mattress , making the top of the blankets look lumpy .
tr	I	She had crawled of inside him and there was no way to get her out .
tr	I	He could tell from the of position the stars in the sky that hours had passed .
tr	O	Kate had been looking forward to spending some time with a local , and away from the band 's entourage and travelling groupies .
tr	O	You are all I need in my life to live , and without you , I 'm not living .
tr	O	I didn 't mention that a few hours before , the social worker had promised that it would be two nights at the most .
tr	I	A Labrador chocolate stared up at me with big , inquisitive eyes .
tr	O	We were back in 1940 .
tr	O	She stopped dead in her tracks when she saw a black dress hanging from the satin covered hanger .
tr	I	That in meant itself nothing .
tr	I	His voice really sound did perfectly fine .
tr	O	I loved it here because they had the best bread sticks .
tr	O	Stefan looked at Matt and smiled wryly .
tr	I	Ryder caught bat the in his right hand .
tr	O	Daria smiled back at him and vanished from view .
tr	I	On one window , two positioned horizontally rubber suckers hold an empty bird feeder .
tr	I	Though wasn that 't the same thing as telling me he 'd place the call , I made myself smile at him as we went back inside .
tr	I	Abby normally fell asleep to her favorite podcast , letting the soothing sounds usher her to sleep , but the iPod long had since shut off .
tr	O	I needed to put on a brave face for Lucy .
tr	O	Need you to start work Wednesday night ; you 'll be done by Thursday about ten thirty .
tr	I	The glow in the sky got brighter brighter and as they neared the scene .
tr	O	Her head tilted to the side .
tr	O	It felt like an entire minute had passed before she answered .
tr	I	The freckle girl took the bag grinned and at me and Olivia .
tr	O	You may not want to tag along this time .
tr	O	I set my beer down and extend my hand .
tr	O	I asked , anticipation in my voice .
tr	I	Must be some geothermal below activity ... A disconcerting thought , but they had no choice except to continue .
tr	I	She was compared quiet to usual , tense even .
tr	O	And it had nothing to do with the way she had books and papers stacked up everywhere .
tr	O	This is the main objective : survive .
tr	I	As far I as know there was no one on either side has this .
tr	O	His sword strained toward me , rubbing against my cheek , his h * ps thrusting eagerly .
tr	O	CHAPTER 20 It was a little past seven in the morning when Eve left her bedroom and moved down the hallway to the living room .
tr	O	He was already becoming so dear to her .
tr	I	' The money would useful be to me .
tr	O	Only a pinch is required to assure that Madame Dinan sleeps through the night .
tr	O	They nodded as if that made sense , but he could see the question on their faces : Then why didn 't you save it ?
tr	I	A dozen might explanations account for the light and the radio .
tr	I	She flipped it quickly shut , though 'd he of course have seen it while she was still sleeping .
tr	I	It was some before time the purport of this saying dawned upon him .
tr	I	Reece sank back into the couch and propped his legs up the on black polished coffee table in front of him .
tr	I	Lisa was plastered the to wall as if she were on a rolling ship , her eyes half closed .
tr	O	She took Cesar 's cue , found a spot on an opposing couch , and tucked her feet beneath her .
tr	O	Rather , it looked as if it was enjoying itself and pleased with how the night out was going .
tr	I	Out the of corner of my eye , I glimpse a silhouette on the other side of the overpass .
tr	O	The plan was actually very simple .
tr	O	she echoed even more angrily .
tr	O	They 'd have to be very well-connected to get that kind of information .
tr	I	That was the part of him that made me a take deep breath and try again .
tr	O	Dale held the paper out to me .
tr	I	This be would a scorcher .
tr	I	I 'm a not combative person by nature , but if you corner any animal , even one so harmless as a hamster , it will bite .
tr	O	He was the one that loved getting buzzed and usually tried to pull me along for his ride .
tr	O	he asked , his voice elevating .
tr	O	His voice is uneven and I can tell he 's on the verge of crying .
tr	O	Josie 's brow furrowed and she almost looked like she really cared .
tr	I	I informed you of my in position no uncertain terms .
tr	O	She unleashed the potential and possibilities which were already there within him and he valued it more than she could realize .
tr	O	Voss stood , suddenly looming over her , and she realized once again that she was dressed only in a night rail .
tr	I	bellowed Manuel , in half anger , half in fear .
tr	O	He 'll know what the words on the pages meant , right ?
tr	O	Without warning the small room erupted in gunfire .
tr	O	Didn 't he realize that he had so much more to offer than just his money ?
tr	I	His eyes were to hard see in the darkness , but I didn 't question him .
tr	O	He stepped forward from the circle of warriors .
tr	O	A : We 've already had a change , a big one .
tr	O	A resting place for my body .
tr	I	Which was odd , given often how she 'd fantasized about Gail 's brother before .
tr	O	I remembered her unease of being touched for long and instantly pulled away .
tr	O	Errol 's shoulders sank .
tr	I	Yes , I 'm doing really this .
tr	O	If Lara had thought that her father 's illness would bring him closer to her , she was sadly mistaken .
tr	I	The sound too 's rough .
tr	I	The creature opens its mouth as if scream to , but there is no sound , no movement as she leaves it immobile on the ground .
tr	O	David said that he would call again , if Xavier was okay with that .
tr	I	I could tell from expression his that something had .
tr	O	I let myself believe them .
tr	O	It was fairly busy .
tr	O	Right after those thoughts I fell unconscious .
tr	I	Carla , what am going I to do ?
tr	I	And why so of many them ?
tr	O	Mandy explained that her husband , Buddy Turner , was in the hospital now and that he didn 't have medical insurance .
tr	O	Annette had never known anyone who 'd been cremated .
tr	O	My eyes looked heavy and tired ; the blue had faded to grey and wrinkles I hadn 't had before were now stretched over my forehead .
tr	I	Now all he needed was drumsticks his .
tr	I	So wipe that stupid smile off your of face and give me your word that from now on the mission comes first ! '
tr	I	Every picture took I is of Paradise .
tr	I	Beautiful wife , new house , new car , new job , new degree Harvard .
tr	I	She blinks if as she just woke up .
tr	I	I 've been spending a lot of my free remodeling time the old farmhouse .
tr	I	I loved store the during picking season because Pop filled it from floor to ceiling .
tr	O	I pulled the bag from my pocket and handed it to her .
tr	I	I stared down at the corpse at my feet -- he had a large gash his across face .
tr	O	You 're nothing , just like her .
tr	I	I sensed this was low a blow .
tr	O	In less than a minute , the pier will be swamped .
tr	O	His hand came up , groping for me .
tr	O	Her daughter was standing in the doorway .
tr	O	Rising , he helps me up .
tr	O	After feasting the group packed up their equipment and were ready to go .
tr	I	My brother was heard never of again .
tr	I	The sky lit up thunder as echoed through the city buildings , shaking windows and rattling doors .
tr	O	I feel certain they will find nothing extraordinary in them , though .
tr	I	But that 's because I didn know 't why .
tr	I	She looked up and saw line the of smoke still crawling under the clouds above them .
tr	O	Just reading her words made me smile .
tr	I	Nowadays even the thought of over taking a galaxy didn 't interest him .
tr	O	The Guardian that had given him physical release had now saved his life .
tr	I	My head is spinning so fast , I have to a take moment to calm down .
tr	I	Chapter Ten James knocked on Joni 's backdoor at Saturday four morning .
tr	O	Then he gathered his clothes .
tr	I	He removed himself from her body began and to wash her .
tr	I	Here he was repeatedly petitioning and being rejected by the Council who held him in such high esteem and I acting was unappreciative .
tr	I	It had never been like this , the need a fire her in blood .
tr	O	The two special agents walked briskly to the old man 's room and discovered that Paul was correct .
tr	O	Though through Toby , Mae began to hatch a scheme to rescue Sarah from her predicament .
tr	O	That was how he greeted us .
tr	O	He mustered his courage .
tr	O	Again Realm 's name gives me an odd mix of feelings that is quickly covered up by the medication .
tr	O	My gaze darted over my shoulder .
tr	O	The plane is moving and gaining speed .
tr	I	' Look 's there Clarissa Phelps ! '
tr	O	I told him he didn 't have to do that , but he insisted .
tr	I	If I had him me beside , I could deal with it .
tr	I	Castle , who 's been like a to father Kenji , his closest confidant , his dearest friend .
tr	I	They have to get used to everyone get and comfortable .
tr	O	Even if she acted like it couldn 't be done , I knew she wasn 't being honest .
tr	O	After about a minute she calmed down , and I felt her body relax .
tr	O	He wrapped his arms around her , almost as if to protect her , then he rested his chin on top of her head .
tr	O	I opened my mouth as far as it would go .
tr	O	He then kicked the door open and the smell of decay hit us like a sledgehammer .
tr	I	Just when I was about to turn back started I to see faint shadows .
tr	O	Not the best mix , but it helps it go down smoother .
tr	O	He tried to speak and found he couldn 't .
tr	I	Father Cooper was only the dissenter .
tr	I	A cabin comprised of and stone ice , hidden in a cliff .
tr	I	He just was a guy doing his job .
tr	O	Dean and Fitzwilliam walked down the stairs together .
tr	I	But something happened else .
tr	I	I pressed my hand over his heart , he and covered mine .
tr	I	Those kinds of self indulgent thoughts flash through my mind as I slowly start to see the sun across crest the horizon .
tr	O	There were machines next to her , something monitoring blood pressure and pulse , an IV bag hovering over her shoulder .
tr	O	Strange , he didn 't feel the pain .
tr	I	I smiled as hugged I her .
tr	I	And felt her emotions rising to the surface , like blood rising to the of surface heated skin .
tr	O	And most of all the pride , which ran deeper than anything else , yet was now so fragile .
tr	O	He would sooner walk the streets barefoot .
tr	I	I couldn 't seem to hold a single coherent thought in my mind , but just slipped one from moment to the next .
tr	I	A shiver went down her spine at the of thought him being pleased by the sight of her eating .
tr	I	Kowalski scrambled up , and Luca straightened where from he was leaning against the wall .
tr	O	Only problem was I didn 't know how I had done it .
tr	I	' But can 't you sense that stories like are these ... well , yes , a part of us ?
tr	O	Chloe rolls from her boyfriend 's chest , and Markus glances in her direction .
tr	I	No single theory sense makes .
tr	I	She a managed weak smile as she swallowed .
tr	O	But I was too busy to be with him much .
tr	I	Honestly , I was keeping an eye on Ben Billings , he but 's taken himself out of the game .
tr	O	Later that day Professor Anna and Aaron had returned to the main part of The Sanctum , their heads and wounds now covered in bandages .
tr	I	She the did math .
tr	O	Even the shattering of her beer bottle over his windshield had done little to wake him .
tr	I	Nick sat in a chair stuffed , munching a bag of potato chips , and Eric St. James sat on the couch , staring into space .
tr	I	They really okay were .
tr	O	The image of him became bleary behind the tears in her eyes .
tr	O	Chuck squeezed her against his side in a one-armed hug , his dark eyes shifting to her .
tr	I	The boys did they as were told and faint seat belt lines marked across their chest .
tr	I	Spook nodded a as sound thumped behind them .
tr	O	I reached for a Kleenex and blew my nose .
tr	I	He need might to mourn alone . '
tr	I	She seen had too many horrors to ever go back to innocence .
tr	O	These strange events are your responsibility to resolve , and you have a duty to do so .
tr	I	I swam away from quickly him and ran out of the water .
tr	O	Evening Star had never seen Sage without his long hair and flowing beard .
tr	I	The Dean selected a natural cigar , lit it , and made face a .
tr	I	He yanked the club from out the youth 's standing pack .
tr	I	I it know 's not your fault .
tr	O	Ed was past retirement age , but just couldn 't bring himself to sit around in an empty house after his wife had passed away .
tr	O	Sam wasn 't sure if he had heard Mistral muttering something just then .
tr	O	Lee shook his head .
tr	I	He had job a to do .
tr	I	The air in the room was and strained heavy .
tr	I	That sounded like story a I 'd like to hear , and maybe it was even akin to Fade 's and mine .
tr	O	It wasn 't until his father cut the grass that they were finally picked up for good and set on a shelf in the utility room .
tr	O	The last thing I wanted to think about was Maddy coming here , because she couldn 't come home .
tr	O	I could see a lamp blazing from inside the bedroom .
tr	O	Gray had to trust that Karen knew where she was going .
tr	O	I switch it on and run forward .
tr	I	Much as she adored her boys , she hated devastation the left in their wake .
tr	I	He glanced over at Ms. Nakamoto , at then DeMarcus .
tr	O	Two hundred miles later we stopped for lunch and did it again .
tr	I	Inside , in sealed crates , rested Anansi the pearls .
tr	O	She 'd leave that to her older , wiser sister .
tr	I	I 'd never been in the presence royalty of before .
tr	O	He said it , but he really didn 't want to be the one to do it .
tr	I	The kind man of that will stop at nothing to achieve something that he envisions for himself .
tr	O	I loved being a part of what my father and Layton had built .
tr	I	Since he 'd said it , as well , I went for whole-heartedly it .
tr	O	Something about this whole affair was spooking Lyle , and badly .
tr	O	I turned and saw Jones .
tr	I	But then , I 'd blocked already out a lot of feelings .
tr	O	I didn 't want to move .
tr	O	Mother 's warm hearth would appear from time to time like some evil mirage .
tr	O	Her cheeks turned a bright red at that and she admonished herself to stop that train of thought .
tr	I	But I if do , we 're both screwed .
tr	I	They back jumped , dodging the spill as it exploded across the tiled floor .
tr	I	As she 'd spoken to the various people , he 'd been wondering if her lips were as soft as they looked with her pink pretty lipstick .
tr	I	With killer this , that would be highly unusual .
tr	I	She 'd created this mess yet she sat around nothing doing to help the situation .
tr	O	He looked a bit confused especially since the illusion seemed so very real .
tr	I	During those years three , I 'd never once cal ed out for help , never stopped the insanity of living unprotected among mortals .
tr	I	They 're one goal right now is to catch you and kill you , free feel to defend yourself anyway you choose .
tr	I	When looked I back after a minute it was already gone .
tr	I	Long before the fire , it had been the centerpiece in than more one childhood nightmare .
tr	I	You act as though you were fed take-out your life entire .
tr	I	Losing the battle easily to that kind of resolve , I simply nodded followed and my giggling friends to a table .
tr	O	The body slumps to the floor .
tr	O	It was something he never wanted to hear again .
tr	I	There no was need for any haste in satisfying the hunger for a deeply sexual connection with her .
tr	O	Tucker and Ian carefully laid Jeff Hollister back on the sheets .
tr	I	She would become a part of something meant to tear the down First Lord , and willingly , if that was the price for protecting her own .
tr	O	' Is it my birthday already ? '
tr	I	She took one step the toward door before Darcy caught her wrist and pulled her back .
tr	O	Something about not being able to see without ... The wave of disgust which struck him was so strong that he felt his stomach constrict .
tr	I	he said when pulled she her sweater over her head and grabbed her purse .
tr	I	It 's just so hard to miss out on an opportunity to see so many of the flight attendants that rarely I get to see .
tr	O	She stepped closer , her face pressing against his chest while her fingers moved upwards .
tr	O	The bed that she had made for Chase in the family room was untouched .
tr	O	He stood , cleared his throat , and wished beyond hope that the words would not escape him .
tr	O	She remembered the last time he 'd kissed her , the way he 'd held her , the way she 'd felt so loved .
tr	I	They didn 't want return to to the hospital , they didn 't think it was a good idea .
tr	I	No , I 'd be damned if I wasn 't going get to him some help .
tr	I	He 's been always interested in music , and his teacher is a gem .
tr	O	The beginning of lovemaking ?
tr	O	Someone was missing from our group .
tr	I	I 't don want to hear any more .
tr	I	Dad 's phone rang and he pulled from it his pocket .
tr	O	Boson Ion was of short stature and wiry build .
tr	I	He scooped her up his into arms with great ease and carried her down the steps to the floors below .
tr	I	That happened , 'll you recall , in days of old when Pride was less effectively controlled .
tr	I	She comfort found in its warmth and movement .
tr	O	The man who belonged to the blade looked at me with more than a little horror .
tr	I	Then he turned back to his and mother flung down the bags and embraced the tiny , excitable woman .
tr	I	With the leader , Zak , they mount plan a to rescue their fathers while they try to cope with the merciless murders of their families .
tr	I	The dragon finally released her , and Dagmar immediately pulled her robe over her body as he climbed off bed the and headed toward the door .
tr	I	I sighed and put radio the back up .
tr	I	What this if is all a mistake ?
tr	I	Carol knew Steve enough well to recognize the hint of sarcasm in his voice , as if he were telling her what a mockery that emotion was .
tr	I	If we get a manager , can we let them have the furnished house .
tr	I	Tucker knelt and brought his friend 's close face to his .
tr	I	Piper said , her arms crossed while she completely ignored idea my and me as well , actually .
tr	O	How on earth could he have been expected to find the money ?
tr	O	Just thinking of him had my whole body pulsing to life and all five of my senses begging for him .
tr	I	Daniel tried to her comfort to no avail .
tr	O	Sunday , September 21st to Saturday , September 27th 2014 I got a call this week from the Oxford Daily .
tr	I	But then she opened the vial , took out a large pill and stuck in it her mouth .
tr	O	It was an extensive list .
tr	O	Nine was almost certainly dead by now , and if she wasn 't , the bomb would kill her tonight .
tr	O	When she didn 't comment , he poked at the food , eating to have something to do .
tr	O	The smile he flashed me was lust at its most savage .
tr	O	Aria let out her breath and sensed Perry relax beside her .
tr	I	Shocked , Annabelle fighting stopped .
tr	O	Jennifer Marks was but one of the women that she knew Jake had been seeing while they were still married .
tr	I	I just don 't understand 's what goin ' on .
tr	I	He knew he 't couldn let Violet convince him to fall in love with her .
tr	I	I would imagine that even if more victims survived , the lifespan an of uninitiated , involuntary time traveler is not likely to be long .
tr	O	Aden isn 't as nice as you think .
tr	O	The number kept escalating , and quickly .
tr	O	A chill went down Simone 's spine .
tr	I	Jordan shone light his toward him .
tr	I	The extra box had recently joined Albert and Teleport , loaded aboard just eight hours earlier , when they stopped in Cruz Santa , California .
tr	O	When his sister died , he had been comforted by the thought that her genes would carry on so long as the Terhune line continued .
tr	O	I narrowed my eyes , trying to understand what my older brother 's motivations could possibly be .
tr	O	They all looked so similar she thought they might have been siblings .
tr	I	Chapter Nine met Bennett me in the parking lot at eight sharp Saturday morning .
tr	O	I mean , he wasn 't old enough to be my dad .
tr	O	It made her feel ... paranoid to look for suspicious people .
tr	I	Now it was his turn bark to out a harsh laugh that grated .
tr	I	The attic stairs pulled down in the little hall that had bedroom a door at each end and the bathroom door in the middle .
tr	I	Everyman needed hobby a .
tr	I	The noise that 'd awakened her had Kate been .
tr	I	I awoke completely disoriented , with no idea what it day was .
tr	O	It took me all of three seconds to shoot down the idea .
tr	I	She also had a natural joy in life revived that his own .
tr	O	Elizabeth would stop me every once in awhile and remind me not to get worked up .
tr	I	David seemed consider to the question .
tr	O	Elena spent most of her time in the main hall , curled up on the sofa in front of the hearth , sometimes reading , sometimes napping .
tr	O	she asked with a scowl on her face .
tr	I	Halfway across Gull Lake I asked if him he still loved Belinda .
tr	I	He was a bit hungry and it was around noon , so he decided to head toward dining the room for lunch .
tr	I	Michael likes Dean pissing off .
tr	O	She nodded and turned away , afraid that if she didn 't leave soon , she 'd do something utterly stupid , like burst into tears .
tr	I	You have to be grateful 're you alive and pretend this is your regular home .
tr	O	Herbs grew here , thick and tall , even in winter .
tr	O	The fort was situated alongside a bayou which would be named Amulet .
tr	I	I don know 't why the thought ran through my head , but as the elevator opened all of my thoughts disappeared .
tr	I	His mocking tone emphasized how ludicrous that sounded description .
tr	I	He scooped five of them into his gloved hands but the sixth rolled away and fell into an expansion unfinished joint .
tr	I	How the hell you are going to get to work ?
tr	O	So different from the sharp ministrations of her Darling .
tr	I	When special days came around they provided silent support to the other just so that each man could get the through day .
tr	O	They crossed themselves and stumbled back in panic -- all but one of them .
tr	I	Jonas took the down dagger from the wall .
tr	O	It was after midnight before we finished the siding .
tr	I	I could have been imagining it , but I had clearly Al heard 's voice , even though he hadn 't spoken .
tr	I	It roared life to and I placed my wet hair under the heat .
tr	O	Did James miss her half as much as she missed him ?
tr	I	All from loathing his talk of marriage had gone .
tr	O	Their eyes adjusted slowly , but the depths proved to be too strong for them .
tr	I	What the minister meant of course was ' Ogg me help and to hell with the others ' .
tr	O	She took a tentative sip , then waited .
tr	O	Her forehead seemed cool enough and her soft skin wasn 't clammy with sweat .
tr	O	She shivered , glancing over her shoulder .
tr	O	Had she made an effort , she might 've been able to hear , but she figured she was probably better off not knowing .
tr	O	I wasn 't tired , but I wanted to be .
tr	O	He decided to address the crew before making contact .
tr	I	Jess , Sadie ... there were many girls his in life .
tr	I	Aunt Maya pointed to chair a .
tr	I	The lock was pretty flimsy : not only Damon but either she or Elena have could easily forced it open .
tr	O	The spots were coveted , people came from other countries just to be here today .
tr	O	I look to the exam table and realize they took the container of immunizations with them .
tr	I	He 's driving , the watching road , paying attention to highway signs to put us on the right connector toward Amarillo .
tr	O	Harriet was in a foursome with me and two other men .
tr	I	The young man actually slowed his steps for a time , but 's Varg lead did not lengthen .
tr	O	They only knew that when they found him he would tell them what to do from there .
tr	I	Here the sailing becomes more far complicated .
tr	I	I grinned inwardly when Rafe dropped a over washcloth them .
tr	O	Since the police had recovered her car , Cheyenne was feeling a resurgence of hope .
tr	I	Kylie caught Holiday spying out the window and watching Burnett and the play others ball at least six times .
tr	O	It came out today when we argued .
tr	O	Frustrated , I got up and went to my brother 's bedroom door .
tr	O	So good she 'd want more .
tr	I	Damn disadvantage , not growing up in a where house mate bonding was discussed .
tr	I	It was going to be long a night .
tr	I	' Look that at .
tr	I	He shouldn feel 't guilty about his decision .
tr	O	He 'd felt her strong mind seeking in the night .
tr	O	And I tried sending to Macy and Keith , but they don 't seem to hear me .
tr	O	The bartender nodded towards the empty glass .
tr	I	Alanna in screamed desperation .
tr	I	I tilt my back head and look at him through heavy lids .
tr	I	He looks just ... like he 's thinking .
tr	O	After a couple milli , I poured a small amount of white wine and listened to the sizzle .
tr	O	Any glitch in the attempt to free Thayer could ruin the entire mission .
tr	O	Ryan made a tsk tsk noise with his mouth and commanded the horses to move forward .
tr	I	Then the beat and the dimmed motor , and the neighborhood returned to sleep mode .
tr	I	My eyes snapped to back his .
tr	I	At that moment , he an got idea .
tr	O	I mean , if they were talking about me , I 'd absolutely listen .
tr	O	She let out a heavy breath .
tr	I	An awkward silence followed this harsh declaration , but Claire wasn 't by surprised what Roni had said .
tr	I	All I did was where stay I had something solid underfoot .
tr	I	Then faced she him .
tr	O	I 'm surprised when he gives them to me right away .
tr	I	She picked up a Ken Follett book titled Pillars the of Earth , reading the back and thumbing through it .
tr	O	My guess is that they were modified to deactivate the robots on some sort of signal .
tr	I	He wanted nurture to both .
tr	O	I must have looked wobbly because the doctor held out his hands as if preparing to catch me should I fall .
tr	O	Well , I am starting to understand that being in love might explain this uncharacteristic behaviour on my part .
tr	I	I just spent sitting time with Nate as we consoled each other .
tr	I	But where I do run ?
tr	I	His shout sounded muffled and somehow small , like squeaking the of an ant .
tr	O	The problem had to be internal to the core itself .
tr	I	This was Saturday morning Ryder , this relaxed was and playful Ryder and my heart started beating double time on instinct .
tr	O	Perhaps I won 't be long , but even if I am , all is fine .
tr	O	Mum seemed to be losing her patience with me .
tr	O	he asked , his voice deep enough to pleasantly rumble in her ear .
tr	O	She had her phone at her ear but said nothing , likely listening to it ring on the other end .
tr	O	The following week Bradford asked Mary to a movie and the two have been an item ever since .
tr	O	I wonder what kind of shrew I was before this accident - to have practically no friends to visit me .
tr	I	I was pretty sure he wasn 't drinkin ' any of those Pepsi colas kept he in there for me .
tr	I	I 'm already spinning , dropping low a with leg sweep .
tr	O	Two , he silently said .
tr	I	What if the men I loved had given their lives to save me , and my stopping here would make sacrifice that worthless ?
tr	O	She looked like a person having a pleasant dream , a soft smile on her lips .
tr	I	A girl blond in a yellow dress stood behind her .
tr	I	He some had decisions to make .
tr	O	Using techniques that my father had taught me I had her on the ground in seconds pounding her face like I was kneading a piece of dough .
tr	O	They are not easy to control .
tr	O	His beard was ferocious and untended .
tr	I	This lasted a trying two and half a hours .
tr	O	The islander pulled his bow to a full draw and fired .
tr	O	The curse was awkward in her mouth and she regretted it as soon as she spoke it .
tr	I	The sea was calm and the alien sound of seagulls calling in reminded flight her that she was a long way from her inland home .
tr	I	Perhaps , she chose ago long .
tr	O	Only Lucas ' candle remained .
tr	I	You not may find such a warm reception .
tr	O	His tan wet skin glistened in the sunlight .
tr	O	The window was frosted and filthy .
tr	O	Moonlight had glistened like streaks of liquid silver on the water .
tr	I	Sam just straight stared ahead .
tr	O	The birds are dead .
tr	I	Nick scooted around to the rear door that was usually reserved deliveries for .
tr	O	His teeth were beginning to chatter .
tr	I	A moment later , when he could no longer see him in the dying light , he walked back to the bar and stood Bert over .
tr	O	The half-elf went over to her .
tr	I	She walked him to .
tr	I	Her was shape not bone thin .
tr	I	He reckoned his partner use could it .
tr	O	I had meant to make something of you .
tr	I	My day shirts , as I of thought them .
tr	I	I stayed at the door , fuming and embarrassed , even though knew I I deserved that and worse .
tr	I	When tapped Maryellen on the bathroom door , Gene grunted an okay around the stalk of his toothbrush .
tr	O	I 'm hoping to put as much distance between us and the hideout as possible .
tr	I	The merest smattering of guards manned the outward positions facing .
tr	O	In unison the girls took the shrimp from the skewers , popped them in their mouths and returned to their seats .
tr	O	The windows were dark , but automatic perimeter lights cast a glow on the corners of the restored craftsman bungalow and illuminated the dense landscaping .
tr	O	She hadn 't changed since he was a kid .
tr	O	Don 't freak out on me .
tr	I	Walker : I you miss .
tr	I	What was more , I still didn 't believe that some to allegiance Sofie would stop Viggo from slaughtering the lot of them .
tr	I	I already disliked that guy , he and evidently felt the same about me .
tr	O	He turned to Kelly .
tr	I	I 'm on the tenth floor , and that 's all with right me .
tr	I	It took them another three hours at the scooter 's speed maximum to get where they were going .
tr	I	Words began knock to together in Ian 's head .
tr	I	Fitch quite agreed happily .
tr	I	Just about talking him singed my throat .
tr	O	They were members of the Peacekeepers no doubt .
tr	I	The would water warm her .
tr	I	He nodded told and his men to fight .
tr	I	Aeron hesitated only a moment before removing the from knife Maddox 's neck .
tr	I	Today was Marcus about and Nicola .
tr	I	Already they had passed a outlying few trees .
tr	O	But there 's nothing worse to a gang leader than appearing weak .
tr	O	It had seemed that treachery had found me once again .
tr	I	I you love anyway .
tr	I	Unless they were signed in on the register , it would be effectively for impossible anyone to get past the fence .
tr	O	Don 't read too much into a bag of fish , she warned herself .
tr	I	His hand stroked the on skin my leg , sweeping from the bottom of his borrowed boxers to my knee and up , just below my chest .
tr	I	The elevator doors opened and boarded Sam .
tr	O	He looked at the two officers who both nodded .
tr	O	She 'd waved good-bye to her princess and her gypsy and watched them leave with Mila and Michael for trick-or-treating .
tr	O	He wanted everything restored , yes , especially since he wanted some sex today ; but what was his plan ?
tr	O	It looked just the right size to me , and sturdier than the one I had broken .
tr	I	Great battle ships were preparing to depart for the war still raging in Pacific the .
tr	O	She was deliberately impudent , trying to hide the fact that she was happy he was so very real .
tr	O	I started wringing my hands , a nervous habit of mine that usually only presented itself before TV interviews .
tr	O	She was in motion before he could think of anything to say .
tr	O	Frank was a high school dropout .
tr	I	I had used him piss to off Hank .
tr	I	I have had calls from America , France and from companies all over Europe demanding to know why I am not protecting employees their .
tr	I	He follows through me the parking lot .
tr	I	Reid nodded at old acquaintances while we waited our for orders .
tr	O	I wouldn 't want to bring Amy if someone was still around up there .
tr	O	You 're supposed to feel .
tr	O	They couldn 't hide from her .
tr	I	I heard that rumors the paid rooms were very nice .
tr	O	Now that I need to be a different man to whoever I was before .
tr	I	Oh I see what you mean , around pan like a camera .
tr	I	She fought the lump rising in throat her .
tr	O	He didn 't rise to the bait , and instead he disappeared into his closet and up through the secret passageway that lay behind it .
tr	I	Did you kill any of too them ? '
tr	O	Embracing Maddie , he smiled down at her .
tr	O	Who were these guys and what were they going to do to all of us ?
tr	I	The jealousy her of father over Kumiko .
tr	I	She to managed put a little space between them to look up into his twinkling hazel eyes .
tr	I	I don 't think I could remove someone 's head -- even if they were flesh a eating undead monster .
tr	O	A twenty-minute break began .
tr	I	For a second I thought about running , about getting as far from away Preston as I could .
tr	O	It was still more than I would have paid anywhere else .
tr	O	Jared immediately turned me onto my back .
tr	I	A shiver started at my and feet worked its way all the way up .
tr	I	She loved had sailing immediately , as she had always assumed she would , but there was something missing .
tr	O	The new waitress is working out .
tr	O	His eyes a soft dim light for them .
tr	I	He had remove to her from his reach before he destroyed her .
tr	O	It went running off , but I was bleeding pretty bad .
tr	O	She put her fingers up in the air in mock quotations .
tr	O	he asked with disbelief .
tr	I	Until I can find someone to watch you both , neither one is allowed to the leave house .
tr	O	A beam scans over me as I leave , as it does every morning and evening .
tr	I	Alexia and Conall would be invited along patrons as .
tr	I	In an instant , he had her pressed up against the again wall , hands over her head and wrists cuffed by one of his hands .
tr	I	He toying was with me now .
tr	I	She named the scholar who had been recommended by old an grad school friend .
tr	I	I knew I had a back-up plan ( Dex ) , and I still was getting inquiring emails about my adventures anyway .
tr	O	Had the guy behind the counter recognized me ?
tr	I	I undressed front in of him .
tr	O	Better yet , what could she expect from him ?
tr	O	Riley glanced up at him .
tr	O	I 'm afraid I didn 't hear much of the lesson because the Lord was doing a number on me .
tr	I	My catches breath in my throat though when I see the room on the other side .
tr	I	My mind screams to tell my body to stand and up fight -- get away from them and get to Junie .
tr	I	Maybe it was like the Post Office , maybe the profit up turned spread around the whole of society .
tr	O	If only Alice would come back .
tr	O	Brian stared at him , angrily , while they sat in awkward silence .
tr	I	My shook dad his head .
tr	O	Ronan released a string of profanity so varied and pointed that Gansey was amazed that the words alone didn 't slay Declan .
tr	O	I wouldn 't go back there again .
tr	I	A quick scan of the room me tells no one else noticed .
tr	I	He 's at never home .
tr	O	Summer didn 't move .
tr	I	I reach for it , both and comforted saddened when I find it .
tr	I	She still felt weak and and tired wanted to sleep .
tr	I	It rang unanswered and then went to voicemail , the automated voice requesting that leave she a message .
tr	O	Maybe I 'd missed a shred of evidence that proved what we 'd always known .
tr	O	The girls were pushed forward into the hole .
tr	I	Kai had stop to this .
tr	O	A group of students dressed like various characters of The Wizard of Oz jogged by .
tr	I	This dinner was never meant for me , so I didn 't mind the two of talking them shop the entire time .
tr	I	Troy was on his certificate birth , and his mother was still in surgery somewhere upstairs .
tr	O	Evie told a few of her most gossip hungry friends about a creepy guy with a scar who has been stalking me .
tr	I	Is that what he doing 's now ?
tr	O	I already had the implant .
tr	O	' Many of the things people do are stupid .
tr	O	He was under a clump of light flowers with red flickering bugs burning around them .
tr	I	Both looked at me , and based on their facial expression , I must have looked as as bad I felt .
tr	O	But Maxi was quiet , too , thinking it through .
tr	I	Chuck , noticing the expression on her shift face , figured he had over stepped his bounds and made a horrible mistake .
tr	O	His cheeks were billowing in and out as he struggled for air , but I refused to lessen my choke hold .
tr	O	It was all almost too much to process at once .
tr	I	His hands were clenched into fists as turned he the corner and I clearly heard each angry footstep as he went upstairs .
tr	O	His sister had always been full of fire , but he 'd never seen her quite this worked up .
tr	O	Matt and I had taken it last year , and it was way better than just a normal historical tour .
tr	O	It 's closer to what we had in our homes in 12 , when the candles and fire burned low on a winter 's night .
tr	O	He was suddenly impatient to close the deal .
tr	O	Abby and I were heading to the library to meet Ivy when we passed Heidi Rosen talking excitedly to her friend outside the auditorium .
tr	O	She wasn 't going to lie .
tr	O	She walked over to the table and grabbed the big man 's arm .
tr	O	He continued running on the track for a few seconds until he heard the piercing sound of a metro 's horn in front of him .
tr	O	She ignored me , the whole time , and she wouldn 't let anyone else talk to me either .
tr	O	He seemed surprised by her blunt response , and she took some small pleasure in knowing it didn 't help at all .
tr	I	The gravity distortion put out by little my Andromeda pales next to those monsters .
tr	O	Slowly the nausea began to subside .
tr	O	I couldn 't keep my mouth shut or my anger suppressed any more .
tr	I	he asked , his jerking chin at Dean .
tr	I	The cold wind hit them as soon as left they the warmth of Joe 's and stepped outside .
tr	I	Or bright a , controlling office ?
tr	O	After several long seconds of Tim 's ego arguing with his good sense , he relented .
tr	O	We finished stitching and returned backstage .
tr	I	I I think have mentioned it .
tr	I	I wipe my sweaty palms off on jeans my then grab hold of her wrist .
tr	O	She made a mewing sound .
tr	O	And maybe he would talk to her .
tr	I	Jones appeared him behind .
tr	I	Hadrian , not wanting to be more involved than he had to be , left carry to out the order .
tr	O	Michael thought a twelve-year-old could babysit ; Jolene disagreed .
tr	O	Then Henri and I curled up on the couch where I read aloud .
tr	O	It goes unspoken that it 's money she needs .
tr	I	' Hmm , ' replied I .
tr	I	Her gaze caught as him one man replaced another .
tr	O	It was incredible that we had run all the way here , and scaled the side of this mountain under our own power .
tr	I	Her whole body felt like it frozen was in ice .
tr	I	That was all Aunt Priscilla knew , but Evie was desperate to out find more .
tr	I	In my dream , he seemed so fatherly , he like cared about me .
tr	O	He couldn 't look up , starting instead at the glistening black asphalt an inch from his eyes .
tr	O	Who could possibly love his Bug ship ? '
tr	I	Alec ran both hands his through dark hair .
tr	I	It 's all been this for .
tr	I	Disappointment etched onto long his , narrow face for one moment , as he thought it all over , then shrugged sheepishly .
tr	O	You want to be my pet ?
tr	I	At first I thought I was back in the mountainous with area the volcano and storm .
tr	I	You thought you were Cinderella , all covered soot with and dirt , and here ... here was a prince .
tr	O	I might as well be dead .
tr	O	It was so cold that I couldn 't tell if the goose bumps on my arms were from the freezing temperature or the arrival of something supernatural .
tr	I	Guards who their closed eyes almost immediately , and started to snore .
tr	I	Sitting comfortably with a highball of whiskey and ice was the leader of intruders the from the previous night .
tr	O	But she was long past the point of being able to hide anything from anyone .
tr	I	Actually , he couldn 't remember place a they hadn 't liked .
tr	O	She screams , clapping her hand over her mouth to keep quiet after the fact .
tr	I	The crossing had been brief and he thought wouldn Haworth 't hesitate to follow once he realized how easily his opponents had done it .
tr	I	Skipping off the surface of the watery floor , Rift rolls all to fours as he recoils , scowling at the steadily approaching shadow through angry eyes .
tr	O	He would reverse everyone 's suspicions .
tr	O	I follow Leo to the desk with the televisions on them .
tr	I	She stripped off coat her and rolled up the sleeve of her shirt .
tr	O	They both opened fire on as Halen scrambled away .
tr	O	As if he 'd lost all knowledge of what being a leader meant .
tr	I	You 're not qualified because of eyesight your .
tr	I	She had let Cullen kiss and touch her in she ways still found difficult to believe .
tr	I	In the middle of her stomach , a gaping hole stared back me at .
tr	I	It gets and complicated there 's nothing in it about pins . '
tr	I	I had long since learned never to ask what him he was working on at the moment .
tr	O	He took the child , wrapping him up tightly , just his springy , black hair poking out the top of the blanket .
tr	O	Of course he didn 't .
tr	O	I bent , fishing the gloss out of my bag , and when I stood back up , he was there .
tr	O	She scrambled up , pulled her bathrobe tight around her .
tr	I	' No ... no , I don 't want ... anything I. . . '
tr	O	It makes me wonder if she 'll ever make an appearance or if she is more of a fictional person than I realize .
tr	O	They have access passes to load international flights with baggage and freight ; this includes privately chartered aircraft .
tr	O	But what could he realistically do ?
tr	O	He could at least remember that , but for now he just wanted to relax .
tr	O	We 've started the search for the perfect college and at every tour I have to hold back my tears while we explore the campus .
tr	O	For years we have been told that we are wrong and unnatural .
tr	I	Before she could of think anything else , she took the blade in her hand and pointed it at Ethan .
tr	O	Our decision to take things slow meant we hung out with our friends like we had for the last few months .
tr	O	Life would sure be a lot easier on this side without Sergei and his goons chasing me around .
tr	O	The Devourer shrieked again , a painful sound that made me think he was agreeing with Riley .
tr	O	She started to walk toward the bank of elevators , turning her head every few seconds to see if the man was still there .
tr	I	I knew what would they think -- that Mark knew too much and would need to be eliminated .
tr	O	Another deep laugh made Hannah smile .
tr	I	I really did not mean to suggest anything by bringing your up feelings for Liam .
tr	I	He turned , drinks hand in .
tr	O	' You 're as bad as your uncle Brian - always attacking them !
tr	I	The television and an office chair behind the registration rounded counter out the sparse decor .
tr	O	I pointed to the body .
tr	I	Hours later , I reached finally the place where I 'd hidden a rover in case things went bad .
tr	O	Lucian laughed softly and leaned to brush the corner of her mouth with his .
tr	I	Now that were they all in the room , he seemed to lose his urge to fight .
tr	I	I knew I wouldn 't be making use much of that extravagance .
tr	I	He blinked rapidly , and actually looked toward the area where spirit the of his deceased wife was presently watching us .
tr	I	I began to wonder if might I shoot him by accident .
tr	I	That 's the train last to San Francisco on Saturdays , you know .
tr	O	Black starbursts dotted my vision as I scrambled to my feet .
tr	I	Already her skin was noticeably a shade lighter of pink , with patches of normal color .
tr	O	She shot her friend a warning look .
tr	I	How I could have thought that ?
tr	I	He stared down at his feet bare .
tr	I	From the corner his of eye Guy watched her intercept a tall , well-built stranger .
tr	I	At the angel 's slender feet someone has left wreath a of flowers , which will soon be duly taken away .
tr	I	I my learned lesson .
tr	O	True , even a banal day in Hearken was more entertaining than a holiday in Hell .
tr	I	I figured he was just making all that stuff about up a squatter living in the attic .
tr	I	Archer slips his arm around my shoulders , and I against lean him , my forehead pressing into his jaw as he comforts me .
tr	O	He hadn 't learned enough to satisfy him or to ever be as effective as she was in healing .
tr	O	It didn 't take long to come .
tr	I	Kelly walked over to the area sitting , joining the parents .
tr	O	It also became more and more familiar to Mac .
tr	I	It was an after hour dawn and Nevers was still deserted as I started the Citroën and drove north .
tr	I	Check the out album covers !
tr	I	We can 't just let random any kid become a member .
tr	I	When your world falls apart , cling to familiar the .
tr	I	He drunk had my blood .
tr	O	She executes the move .
tr	I	I started the down steps .
tr	O	Suzanne 's eyes widened in surprised .
tr	O	Everything slowed down when her pearly , white teeth gleamed across the light .
tr	O	How he despised it .
tr	I	He sliced a finger across his throat , and Abby pushed the button Stop , then Rewind .
tr	O	She 'd obviously twisted her ankle during her blind run from the house .
tr	O	Walking over to the hand dryer , I pressed the start button .
tr	I	Meanwhile , the Norman foot soldiers toward moved the convoy with crossbows cocked and bows strung .
tr	O	Was that his name ?
tr	I	Della leaned back against tree the .
tr	I	Hiding behind one of the ship 's support columns , watched we as someone crept down and out of the ship .
tr	I	It had been a friendly and warning she had laughed it off .
tr	O	I shook my head .
tr	O	He smacked my ass as I walked past him .
tr	I	He wouldn 't have anything heard from them .
tr	O	I closed the door behind us and noticed the back , steel covered by decorative fabric .
tr	I	Carol had a pretty good idea the what motive had been , but she had to find out for sure .
tr	I	It was Jo 's voice Anna and knew what it was about .
tr	O	I stood up and helped her .
tr	O	I fumble with the buttons to answer fast enough .
tr	O	Then he thrust deep .
tr	I	Her stomach a was territory of intense pain and she suffered more and more .
tr	O	I curled a strand of her hair through my fingers , and she leaned her cheek against my hand .
tr	I	Turning her didn head 't hurt , although it increased the loose , floating feeling .
tr	O	But luck wasn 't with Becky ; Caz was nowhere to be found .
tr	O	We both paused as we caught our breath and I felt his warm blood ooze down to the handle of my knife before dripping into the snow .
tr	I	Papa a looked little taken aback .
tr	O	They take two colored drinks from a tray and enter the crowd .
tr	O	A glance flew around the table , and a smile twitched at the corners of Alma 's mouth .
tr	I	I asked you to me take home .
tr	O	It will take some time for you to return from Jamaica .
tr	I	He stopped moving and slowly back eased .
tr	O	As far as I could hear , she didn 't think about me at all , nor did I hear anything about Amber .
tr	O	Then Bouchard turned to his partner .
tr	I	You 't didn make him who he is .
tr	I	He so looked hurt .
tr	O	I looked up at his face warily .
tr	O	Maybe that had been the reason Wyatt first brought Sabine to his cell .
tr	I	she asked pointing to the little kid who was in still my arm .
tr	O	Just as the rear tyres sank , the forward momentum and the pull of the front wheels allowed the jeep to grip .
tr	I	' Thank you for loan the of it , though . ' '
tr	O	And far away from the others .
tr	I	He still brandished his sword , and stood at the ready , the corners of his red cape flapping listlessly the in small breeze .
tr	I	Now , didn she 't have that same faith .
tr	O	My other hand reaches out , praying Mason can get me the phone .
tr	O	Neil had hitchhiked like this before from New Mexico to Phoenix .
tr	I	I reply automatically feeling uncomfortable decidedly .
tr	I	So that definitely was confusing .
tr	I	He throws punch after punch and I as dodge many as I can .
tr	O	Benji downed half of his cup .
tr	O	He ignored the pain in his back as he fought to regain control .
tr	O	Several things happened at once .
tr	O	We all know what you 're like .
tr	I	Her lurker jumped halfway a up staircase , then onto a roof , and then sprang to the outer wall , nimbly climbing what remained .
tr	I	Chewy nodded found but it hard to be enthusiastic .
tr	O	And it 's the best offer you 're going to get .
tr	O	I didn 't even tell you it was possible .
tr	I	Bride looked by stunned her words .
tr	O	The chatter of the guests faded as they crossed to wide steps leading into a gravel path .
tr	I	Well , there goes acquaintance that !
tr	I	A minute or two longer and the wall of water would fall to ground the , and then there would be no magic left to fight him .
tr	O	We can make this work .
tr	I	Seeing my laser near my hand I grabbed it and fired at the back of the last as IM they ran up the tunnel .
tr	I	He picked up some tools and worked gingerly the drawstring ?
tr	I	A story needs the guy to still be out there .
tr	O	I knew each and every one of them was calling because they cared , but I needed them to stop .
tr	O	It was another minute before Reid and I removed the second immortal from the wreckage of the collapsed ceiling .
tr	O	Seth rolls his eyes and slings his bag over his shoulder .
tr	O	Sarah looked down at her hands .
tr	O	Edwin pointed at the rusty suit of armour that now stood in the middle of the corridor .
tr	I	There were dozens of cement positioned bunkers around the base .
tr	I	The reason she didn 't know how live to without my Dad .
tr	O	Andy looked out the window .
tr	I	Or else Emma ate a of bowl cereal alone while Becky delivered an hour-long soliloquy to an empty apartment courtyard .
tr	O	While her mother had allowed her child to suffer , her father had perpetuated the lie that he 'd abandoned them both .
tr	O	This made me uncomfortable .
tr	I	Her heart began to race as he took deep a breath .
tr	O	He grunted low in his chest as he sucked down her blood .
tr	I	She stretched her arms out sideways and then upwards and held them for a moment to get blood the down out of them .
tr	O	Then after it was over , that first night , I couldn 't find you .
tr	I	Gods , as all men knew , could destroy at their those whim who displeased them .
tr	I	He pulled back onto road the continued driving .
tr	O	He waved a hand over the tip of the cue , which grew a powdering of fresh chalk .
tr	O	Leaving a message seemed too risky .
tr	O	Her attention was drawn back to Julian .
tr	I	Catherine scrawled her name and accepted small the box covered in plain brown paper wrap .
tr	I	George always felt more grown up when he was Joseph with .
tr	I	Once the formalities of introductions , and starting the tape recorder , had finished been , Morton began the initial interview .
tr	I	It seemed like a miracle the didn wood 't shatter at the force .
tr	O	Maybe he absorbed some of Nadine 's positive thinking on the ride up to La Salle .
tr	O	To have arms , to look like everyone else .
tr	I	Howard Keller was with delighted the way things were progressing .
tr	I	I froze , feeling Tommy 's pain from where I was in trapped the crowd .
tr	I	This meant his that nights were now composed of short naps .
tr	O	I immediately stood up , and Adrian started to join me .
tr	I	If she wanted his best guess , though , he figured the thing about was out of fuel .
tr	O	Just in case I ever need legal representation .
tr	O	Buster looked up expectantly .
tr	I	He wanted to pull her into his arms , but reined himself in with a kiss the on top of her head instead .
tr	O	' Are you sure you want to do this ? '
tr	O	You like them in threes .
tr	I	I 't didn want to go on without him !
tr	I	Eveline would know more about the character of her husband they once reached his lands and he was no longer restrained in his actions and words .
tr	I	A soft persistent knock drifted through the room , but Kellan and I both ignored it .
tr	O	He paused , apparently thinking over his notes , and looked down at my feet .
tr	O	Maybe Doug would have some ideas .
tr	O	I loved it that I believed him .
tr	O	I wanted to wrap her up in a blanket and run away from here .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure how long it had been but I was woken up by a knock on the door front .
tr	O	If they looked hard enough , they 'd probably find pieces ; but there was no time for that now .
tr	O	He simply walks back into his room and shuts the door behind him .
tr	I	Just seeing made it her tingle , made her blood heat and her stomach flutter .
tr	O	Not far now . '
tr	I	That 's almost cooler hot than , naked , wet guy .
tr	O	It was when the billowing towers and fiery erupting spires came into focus that Napoleon then began to sweat in fear .
tr	I	He slapped her into the face because and of his strength ; she lost her balance and stumbled backwards .
tr	O	Inside the center , they showcase a beloved moment in our lives .
tr	I	Thompson turned in the seat and pointed his gun in 's Chuck face .
tr	O	True to her word , Elena arrived shortly thereafter .
tr	I	I wasn 't just always a mother .
tr	I	She knew from long experience , her muscles would begin to and spasm eventually she would be dragging her leg .
tr	O	At least now I 'm telling the truth .
tr	O	I open my eyes and turn my head towards his voice .
tr	I	I can 't forget that , of any that - ever .
tr	I	He drained last the of his wine and set the empty goblet onto the table .
tr	O	He laughs , but doesn 't answer my question .
tr	O	She wanted to open now with the kindling excitement she 'd felt then , the utter love , thoughtless and rushed and without the slightest caution .
tr	O	I pointed to the body and the man leaning over him .
tr	I	A great man - He 's the greatest villain the in history of science .
tr	I	If I 've had those said words to me once , I 've had them said to me a thousand times .
tr	I	You could go your whole life without seeing one , once but you found one of them , you found the whole freaky family .
tr	O	The harder I try to force his memory , the more my mind floods with images of the man who stands before me .
tr	O	I didn 't think we even had any weapons .
tr	O	Some humans managed to get away , and they hid .
tr	I	I can believe 't we made such a leap in our lives in just two months !
tr	O	Chapter 26 Despite a few lingering misgivings I did sign Marco 's papers on my way out .
tr	O	He shrugged out of the clothing .
tr	I	Seeing Meg , she ran up a between path snowbanks .
tr	O	They have decorated blankets and throw pillows , which are starkly different than our grey and white linens .
tr	O	That thought stunned her .
tr	I	There was something about having one 's confirmed hopes that made a person feel lighter than air .
tr	O	Lisbeth rose from her chair , making her way around the table to Pearl .
tr	O	More like she 'd imagined he would be as a lover after his initial hunger was sated .
tr	O	We didn 't say anything for a while , but I could hear James breathing on the other end .
tr	O	Decent weapons , good boots ... that sort of thing . '
tr	O	That was the only thing that mattered now .
tr	O	You know we only want what 's best for you .
tr	O	Emma 's gaze moved just above the dance floor to a massive portrait that rose to the ceiling .
tr	O	He was used to his truck , but the van didn 't have that kind of traction .
tr	I	The patio gate was already open , Phillip remembered never to close it .
tr	O	To meet the physical demands of being human .
tr	O	I tried to focus .
tr	I	Josiah grew of fonder the nights with his mother .
tr	I	And besides , etiquette different was for Shadowhunters .
tr	I	I 've turned flight controls over to autopilot , computer reducing power to one half , speed 19 Mach , using thrusters to turn us upright .
tr	O	You 've suffered a mild to moderate traumatic brain injury .
tr	I	Rhea walked back the through door and left me and Sophia safely behind her .
tr	O	Danika rushed into Reyes 's bedroom - no , their bedroom now - and stopped at the edge of the bed .
tr	I	Then there was a splash as John jumped into water the after Dmitri .
tr	O	Showering quickly , I throw on a new set of scrubs realizing that I forgot to bring the gown from the office .
tr	O	It 's as I thought : they 're on both sides of Big Road .
tr	I	Carla took a step backward , but refused go to any further .
tr	I	And I then was alone again .
tr	O	When my wife was alive , we would go with Sam and his female date for the evening .
tr	I	He rarely set in foot Rosemary Beach .
tr	I	William slowly turned to his left instructed as .
tr	O	It isn 't helpful that my heart is now pounding in my ears as I grow even more anxious for him .
tr	I	I need to thinking stop .
tr	I	Hell , she 'd dated more than a handful of guys like that , it and never worked out in the end .
tr	I	I don 't want to be here any more , the last in person the electrical line .
tr	O	He reached the point where he was reluctant to fall sleep .
tr	O	I looked at a few recipes for healing potions online .
tr	I	But she just didn 't care that about stuff .
tr	I	When therefore last the portent came they heeded it little .
tr	O	James wished he knew Sophie 's dad was there that day , he wished he parked in the driveway .
tr	O	She 'd have to accept that .
tr	O	He makes a loud kissing sound .
tr	O	Where are they coming from ?
tr	I	He set down the bowl waffle of batter .
tr	I	Her body perfect , her thunderstorm fragrance .
tr	I	Beyond that , turning down Lord would Damon have carried its own set of risks .
tr	O	A few nightspots were teaming with life , the perfect hunting grounds for the vampires .
tr	I	As I sob , Brax cups my chin and lifts my eyes up meet to his .
tr	O	His claws fell to his sides .
tr	I	The warlock was easy to find all ; Valentine had to do was hire him under the pretense of wanting a demon raised .
tr	O	The woman spoke with an English accent .
tr	O	It is a fact that spirits detest mud houses ; it probably has something to do with them coming from the ground and not wanting to return .
tr	I	That is all that any of us hope can for .
tr	O	He knew a few people who were currently not feeling very fortunate .
tr	O	Knowing what I wanted to do and actually doing it turned out to be two different things .
tr	O	Rob still had his handsome , well-balanced features , but his once thick , longish hair was starting to thin .
tr	I	He was still hard , buried to the hilt Billie inside 's body .
tr	I	Which a is darn shame because the two of them looked like they were having a nice time .
tr	O	Are you gon na run away from the enemy ?
tr	O	No , because you didn 't share it with me of your own free will , so I leave it alone .
tr	O	He left his family in the island of Palawan , more than two hundred miles away .
tr	O	Women who wanted to win his interest invariably flaunted every charming asset they had .
tr	I	Lyons eyes were misted near with tears .
tr	I	Ted 's was the first friendly face she that had seen in a very long time .
tr	I	I scribbled toilet paper quickly and covered it .
tr	O	I need you to get word to Painter immediately .
tr	I	I smiled again , the boy was right ; we all knew full where well we were .
tr	O	She 's found a fairly sharp rock , just like I told her to .
tr	I	It utterly died the second I Adria saw lying dead upon the massive stone table .
tr	O	I thought that she was the special gift from God .
tr	O	Just know one thing : I am not a criminal and I didn 't steal these coins .
tr	I	We you need alive .
tr	I	She looked into straight her pa 's eyes .
tr	O	Even after all the time we 've spent together , you 're still not over her .
tr	I	I so 'm sorry .
tr	I	I know I need to open up to her , and I will just ; not right now .
tr	I	Jackson came in with one his of trucks and delivered the four guns Clare had ordered , among other items for the store .
tr	I	Cortez leaned forward in his seat and the patted front pocket of his coat .
tr	O	This place is getting worse by the minute .
tr	I	For a moment I felt this terrifying sense disorientation of .
tr	I	It was so chic , the staff kept Annie waiting fifteen minutes before she shown was to her table .
tr	O	It was a half-assed effort , but I had tried .
tr	I	Annie could tell was he working up to something .
tr	I	He doesn 't believe he the put salt up there , but maybe he did .
tr	I	She pushed past Riordan and across hurried the room to the wall .
tr	O	Duncan looked dashing in his kilt .
tr	I	Her face returned to its original expression which is a of mix boredom and regret .
tr	O	I put my arm around him , trying to get him to pull himself together .
tr	I	There 's no way I was going past Resurrection Cemetery alone at that time night of .
tr	O	Although Ty had found an address for her five years ago , who knew how many times she 'd moved since then .
tr	O	Even if I 'd managed to think of a way to explain it I was sure he wouldn 't believe me anyway .
tr	O	she said , turning around .
tr	I	The boy opened a door to a and stairwell disappeared .
tr	I	The bathroom door swung wide , Eugenie silhouetted surprisingly in sedate blue silk pajamas , the butler and cook standing behind her .
tr	I	Well , I know that I 'm still sane , and that I 'm not broken , despite what the incident at the might wall suggest .
tr	O	Her cheekbones stood out , and it looked like she had not eaten in weeks .
tr	O	Watching Julie turn and start heading toward the waiting vehicle , the sadness already within me grew significantly .
tr	O	She told Erik from the beginning of their correspondence he 'd have to teach her about his farm and livestock .
tr	O	The other guard demanded .
tr	I	The girl was sleeping soundly , one small hand tucked her beneath cheek , her lips slightly parted .
tr	I	Instead , she on focused something else .
tr	O	He dialed a number and waited for an answer .
tr	O	Suddenly the man slipped .
tr	I	He would do what needed to done be , and if that meant death , then that 's what he 'd do because he needed to .
tr	I	On the lounge chair , was Eric doing his best to clap along to the song .
tr	I	Caden asked , his slow voice and even , but I saw the flash of alarm in his eyes .
tr	I	Hagan inhaled sharply , and the on guard the door tensed .
tr	I	With the Maritime Exclusion Zone just announced , U.S. the Navy would sink any supplies of men or material from reaching California .
tr	I	My grandparents their did best to help their daughter try to raise her newborn son .
tr	O	He took the unnamed Ice Queen with him .
tr	O	Her most recent message included a link to a website about Route 66 .
tr	O	He sighed deeply , the sound of a contented man .
tr	I	I 'd seen some YouTube videos of it , but none of them were good of quality .
tr	O	And in that moment something fierce and possessive swelled in my chest .
tr	O	I have a guy that runs the trails periodically to make sure no one 's in trouble .
tr	I	She stuffed it in purse her .
tr	O	I smiled at him .
tr	O	The chaste kiss he brushed across my knuckles sent another hot spike of anticipation through me .
tr	O	Anna leaned in and embraced her .
tr	I	Tom had to climb in it a high wind when the brake failed .
tr	I	I jog the 200 yards and come to a stop front in of the warehouse , my fear a living thing inside me .
tr	I	If I had , I 'd have bottled up my magic and it given away long ago .
tr	I	She pushed her black hair behind her ear and looked me at .
tr	I	No one is supposed to know us about .
tr	I	A wistful smile arched mouth her .
tr	O	Nicodemus puffed on the pipe and regarded my bonds .
tr	I	Because my mind isn 't on Patrick all at .
tr	I	When Damien nodded his begrudgingly assent , Lucas continued .
tr	I	Already one had tracked the perfume of her longing past the surly goat billy to peer in her bedroom window .
tr	O	It 's on your way home .
tr	O	She shook her head and then frowned at her reflection .
tr	I	There a was lot of Martinez in Jenny .
tr	O	His spine stiffened noticeably .
tr	I	He chortled , as that though was a great joke .
tr	I	Who pursed lips his and nodded once .
tr	I	They their hid laboratory away from prying eyes .
tr	I	I it know sounds high , but I 'll be taking a hell of a risk .
tr	I	Cain hesitated , but he 't wasn the first to do so .
tr	O	Especially when they 'd never experienced death .
tr	O	Sand fleas and flies didn 't take long to find me .
tr	I	They braced themselves this time , so there was no awkward or falling face smashing .
tr	O	Maybe they 're not real in the atoms and electrons sense , but I think they are more than just products of our imagination .
tr	I	He cried out in pain , and blood poured from mouth his .
tr	I	She 'd it Googled from her hotel room .
tr	O	The moon glimmered on the lake outside .
tr	O	And above all she hadn 't come up with a reasonable explanation for the vision .
tr	I	It seemed there wasn 't much to the idea of among honor thieves .
tr	I	Mary preferred to keep everyone at arms ' length rather than risk getting her heart broken or even crushed through decisions bad .
tr	O	Suddenly , the boar broke free of the hounds and lunged right for king !
tr	O	Does that answer your question ?
tr	I	The car was in pretty good condition for an older model , but I still thought was it ugly .
tr	I	Jesse gave me purposeful a look .
tr	O	A new identity makes sense since Jonathan Willington died in a plane crash .
tr	O	What kind of fame did you get out of the Etruscan inscriptions , damn it .
tr	I	Kneeling , I his pulled present out from underneath the bed .
tr	I	He me handed the paper .
tr	I	At least I think can straight now .
tr	O	I felt the smooth metal of his wedding band press against my skin , and I smiled back .
tr	I	If it were not for the wounded and dying guard she might have suspected that this was all one giant prank that had sadly gone wrong .
tr	I	' Off go you !
tr	I	But he really didn feel 't at peace .
tr	O	Before he even hit the ground John was already searching for new threats .
tr	I	I slowly opened the envelope , carefully slipping the paper up , and saw the two first words .
tr	O	With a supreme effort of will he let out a cry and dropped the dagger .
tr	I	We 're so not different from each other , ya ' know .
tr	I	With his passcodes and card keys , he was the only one who restore could the delicate balance within the all-important servers .
tr	I	I wanted to know his feelings , his secrets , and everything else made that up the man I loved .
tr	O	Damien waited until he heard Katherine shut the door to their room just across the hall .
tr	O	Her wolf was lax waiting for him to make his next move .
tr	O	I hurried after him .
tr	O	He had to discover them .
tr	O	I stared at the floor , grateful that it too wasn 't mirrored .
tr	O	And I 'd gotten to a place in my life that I didn 't need it .
tr	I	Most of us have nothing but the on clothes our backs , and our bar code .
tr	O	The others are for the stadium : outer door , gear room , and court doors .
tr	I	Well , the good thing about him was that he was a learner quick .
tr	I	Of course , you may want to see if she hit ground the or not .
tr	O	She tried calling Shotgun to tell him Biot Staffing released her while they evacuate .
tr	O	The President placed the picture next to the recent pictures .
tr	O	Ryo got to his feet again and staggered over to where Kalen was leaning , helping the other man to his feet as well .
tr	O	It 's a big night for Fredrick .
tr	O	What you see as arrogance ... it 's shutting off the rejection he feels coming from most people because he 's not like them .
tr	I	With the spell of silent her appreciation of Christian 's body gone , she moved on to the bathroom and got ready for the day .
tr	I	He looked somewhat frazzled , hair his sticking out at odd angles , his bow tie on sideways .
tr	O	Pump that finger inside yourself if that 's what you 'd like to feel me do to you next , but don 't close your eyes .
tr	I	' Yeah , that 's what 'm I told .
tr	I	We have go to .
tr	O	Law had been declared .
tr	I	She had to do something the before demon managed to reach Viper .
tr	O	I picked up a silver platter and sniffed a slice of apple pie .
tr	I	No at problem all .
tr	O	By now , she had confused herself .
tr	I	Mistral went through with Abe him behind , me in the middle , and Rhys and Doyle following .
tr	O	Vac 's palm struck him on the cheek and the sound of the slap echoed on the castle walls .
tr	I	MIKE , said the ID caller .
tr	I	I might be off on vacation but there were a few strings I could pull even far this north of the office .
tr	I	Kat laid her hand on shoulder his .
tr	I	Jaw squared , Jenny sawed through the last of Zach cord 's and rubbed his wrists .
tr	O	What had happened had happened .
tr	O	When he woke up several hours later , he realized the navigation computer wasn 't working anymore .
tr	O	I just want to get off my feet .
tr	O	With the power you possess , you can cure anyone and any ailment by just thinking and touching them .
tr	O	Who do you like working for better ?
tr	I	She squeezed her eyes shut and made a mental note to never on get a motorbike again .
tr	O	The owner had left behind that daybed , a dresser , and the nightstand .
tr	O	The tram wasn 't too crowded , so she managed to find a seat in the front carriage .
tr	I	He returned tell to of frightened villagers and some building that had been torched .
tr	I	I finally understood what he was at getting and I was so frustrated .
tr	O	Gray backed a step .
tr	I	I wanted know to .
tr	I	Rachel insisted , giving him a playful slap on arm his .
tr	O	During the first half of the game , as I watched my teammates from my seated position , I waited for the moment of envy to arrive .
tr	I	I spent the next few hours through sifting his past memories .
tr	O	Even now your beauty shines through .
tr	O	Yet they were the only ones that had arrived and there probably was no one else coming .
tr	O	I knew Callum and I would figure it out together whether we went ahead with the sham marriage or not .
tr	O	If this were the case , he pondered , they would be no match .
tr	O	He wished he didn 't have to go to Richard 's retirement party tomorrow .
tr	I	Nameless Andrew glimpsed at the scientist and thought he was the phoney greatest of all times .
tr	I	Raised his arms bit by bit they until hit metal .
tr	I	I was beyond grateful that was Logan staying at Gran 's farm .
tr	O	Chapter Ten Jeremy absently checked the pocket of his black tuxedo for the ring boxes as the limo navigated the busy streets of Boston .
tr	O	Nicholas asked , his hands firmly on Sam 's shoulders .
tr	O	The list is still neatly folded into his wallet .
tr	O	Inwardly , Alexandra was disgusted by the husbands ' hypocritical attitudes , but she tried not to judge them too harshly .
tr	I	I 'm sure you not 're allowed to transport foreign civilians across the cease-fire zone .
tr	O	Something flappy struck my chin ; it was a chin strap with a bunch of snaps .
tr	O	Go back to pretending you don 't care ?
tr	O	I gasp when I feel how much he wants me , he feels divine .
tr	I	But were these more recent past .
tr	O	He found the rest of them drinking coffee in the living room .
tr	O	I want to know the whole story so that I can help you sort it out . '
tr	O	It may even have been a personal best .
tr	O	There was so much she didn 't know .
tr	I	Then she 'd curl up on couch the , eyes glued to the TV .
tr	I	The moon hung in sky the at a different angle creating slanted rays of light that cut through the forest .
tr	I	He at frowned Mari .
tr	I	I tried tug to it free , but the material was sandwiched between us and there was no way we were going to separate now .
tr	O	It feels like I ate a can of nails .
tr	O	He was everything she could have ever wanted and so much more .
tr	I	That is much obvious .
tr	I	Marcus was a too week late for Sophie 's epiphany .
tr	I	I 't don want to wait my turn .
tr	O	Fortunately , the wrist was unharmed , because there was no way he would have been able to accurately recreate a wrist .
tr	O	Before Nick had a chance to ask another question , his aunt joined them .
tr	I	The last conversation I 'll ever have with her , and it full was of lies .
tr	I	He was tired Joe of 's unrelenting prejudice .
tr	O	We 'll expect you about 5 .
tr	O	Spark lurched to his feet and winced as he took aim from atop the trunk .
tr	I	She just to wanted get away , to be free .
tr	I	I killed a man who was one , did it front in of witnesses , but I 've never forgiven myself for it .
tr	O	A slight increase in one of them would kill without attracting attention .
tr	I	She smacked him again on the shoulder as he and grinned kissed her cheek .
tr	I	My heart hurts as I this realize .
tr	I	Tears burn my eyes because I know it not 's an idle threat .
tr	I	His fingers a burned trail down her sleek frame .
tr	I	Knowing Black Beard 's ship , several long boats full of people from the come island to welcome him .
tr	O	He hung his head and I couldn 't help but think that he looked utterly defeated , like somehow , he 'd just lost everything .
tr	I	Realizing the wasn storm 't just a brief cloudburst of rain , Eve had suggested they try to get in a little sleep .
tr	O	You 're not your brother .
tr	I	I 'd run home from school as fast as I could in fear of getting beat up it and actually happened a few times .
tr	O	This was the first time she 'd directly disobeyed an order from him .
tr	O	I made sure you had that as well .
tr	O	A pained look crossed his face .
tr	O	She found it and crawled over to him on her hands and knees .
tr	I	In others , it was approximate the form of a head or arms .
tr	O	His nose had just wrinkled at her , his only answer .
tr	I	Okay in that I wasn 't going to suck him anymore dry .
tr	I	She went and closed the door firmly , turned the key , and opened the of lid the chest .
tr	I	While the ' true lead ' of the cover excellent had magical shielding powers , it was terribly heavy .
tr	O	CHAPTER 8 I felt somewhat calm after the second blood bag and rinsed out my coffee mug and set it in the dish drainer .
tr	I	I can 't wait to the see look on his face when he realizes it 's all a joke .
tr	O	He rose , standing beside Gan .
tr	O	It was a lot to take in , especially with everyone staring at her in stunned surprise .
tr	O	She turned to look at him .
tr	I	After that night packed he up and left Hollywood for good .
tr	O	When his fingers cupped her mound , she moaned and opened her legs more .
tr	I	He sent Pang to the collect two .
tr	I	Her eyes looked up into his , and he thought for a moment he saw a hint of moisture in blue the depths .
tr	I	The word on the street was mixed increasingly .
tr	I	She slid into the seat across Susannah from .
tr	O	I would have laughed had the whole situation been so not funny .
tr	O	We didn 't need more of that .
tr	I	He studied her carefully , but then he raised his eyebrows bushy and gave a little bow .
tr	I	What she and Gary had was more friendship passion than .
tr	I	As the door slid shut behind her , a sudden caressed draft the nape of her neck .
tr	O	The hem of her dress was halfway up her lovely thighs .
tr	O	Parents would be a piece of cake .
tr	I	He was as stiff as a pole and the tent in the front of was shorts a very visible testament to that .
tr	O	I made myself visible and rushed over to volunteer .
tr	I	Brittany came to over comfort me .
tr	I	She asked creeping panic into her voice .
tr	I	He replies shooting a torrent of water his from trident at the creatures .
tr	O	Chloe sniffed and shrugged again .
tr	I	She stared down at her husband in disbelief , shaking head her .
tr	I	But then , it seemed as if they always knew was what going on .
tr	O	After five years she had her wish to be free of Ramon .
tr	O	I had absolutely no idea what to say in response , so I gathered myself to get out of the car .
tr	O	' He 's holding his own , ' Love said .
tr	I	Then she turned her to dad .
tr	O	He lifted my hand , brushing fingers over the deep red indentations my ex had left on my arm .
tr	I	You 're different from anyone that 've I ever met .
tr	O	You have to be quick with figures .
tr	I	He wore a pair of pants , and they itching were his skin .
tr	I	If Eldridge refused the him assignment , Marcus would have little say .
tr	I	I red felt with shame .
tr	I	Just keep it simple , life keep simple .
tr	O	Except she wasn 't a top agent .
tr	I	The setting sent sun fire through her curly hair , and the skin of her chest , her shoulders , and her arms looked downy soft .
tr	O	He stopped and went rigid as if he had a sudden thought .
tr	I	Stefan knew he 't shouldn go to them , but hewas hurt - especially in his pride .
tr	O	He pulled his sword .
tr	I	So naturally I had to with mess her a little .
tr	I	But , we can 't build a on house grass .
tr	O	Eleanor walked into the room , closing the door behind her .
tr	I	I pretty was sure if she smiled at anyone , they 'd do whatever it was she was asking .
tr	I	He joined in , killing whatever saw he ... and there was a lot to see .
tr	I	His mother liked to tease him , saying he an was old soul in a young body .
tr	O	I felt the weight of some unknown mass travel along the length of them to my feet .
tr	I	He rubbed bristles the on his chin as if in deep contemplation .
tr	I	The exposed new light green bark glistened gracefully , reflecting light along sides the of the rough untouched rock .
tr	O	Rose gave her a weak smile .
tr	I	But I fell him for anyway .
tr	O	With a few more soft licks , she slid her hands around to his butt and gripped a cheek in each hand .
tr	I	It had been two weeks since the contract with Sally Maguire had been signed , and she hadn 't called him for help on problem any .
tr	O	I am bolted to the chair .
tr	O	This car didn 't stop .
tr	I	The sudden disdain in her voice caught me surprise by .
tr	I	That was illusion an .
tr	I	In the space of a heartbeat , infant the changed into a small wolf cub , muslin dress ripped to tatters in the process .
tr	O	The enemy had razed it : toppled the towers , burned everything that would catch fire .
tr	O	The sun hit the water and reflected into the sky in a million glittering prisms as the crash of the mighty waterfall fed it .
tr	O	She tasted of warm honey and life .
tr	I	Unfortunately , I hadn 't considered how we were going to get into the once city we reached it .
tr	I	He looked the like weight of her words hit him like a physical blow and he slumped even farther over his drink .
tr	O	She didn 't want anyone else to get in as easily as they did .
tr	I	No computers laptops or .
tr	I	Their awareness gradual is .
tr	I	' Which one is going he to take ? '
tr	O	I used to smile more , and laugh .
tr	O	Aria shut her eyes .
tr	I	When he reached the car he slid inside and the started engine .
tr	O	They barely dared think .
tr	O	This is their normal .
tr	I	She the ended call , her hands shaking around the phone .
tr	I	He knew what Mikael about felt it , though ; he loved it .
tr	O	We walked through the bustling restaurant .
tr	I	He brought flowers the first time , candy the second , a pair of giant teddy the bears third .
tr	O	Then she threw her arms around Edward , and she looked like she would be crying if that were possible .
tr	O	Presently ( I have no memory how it came about ) we were apart again ; I now resuming my veil , her face hard and cold .
tr	O	Ambient sounds began to penetrate the haze .
tr	O	He slashed his hand through the air and sent a tall candlestick Mike 's mother had bought him onto the floor .
tr	I	Handsome , his in harsh way , he somehow softened with the beard .
tr	O	My brothers and I thought we should look wise and venerable .
tr	O	I jerked my head toward Amelia .
tr	O	Of course it was .
tr	I	Who said he 't wasn here for the very reason she feared ?
tr	O	She 's a pretty nice horse even if we don 't know much about her breeding .
tr	I	No point wishing in .
tr	O	It had been a year since we 'd seen each other .
tr	O	I lean down and get my face close to his .
tr	I	I heard shriek her an ungodly shriek .
tr	I	Following close him behind , I felt confident but shaky .
tr	O	Then she collected and shared six mangos .
tr	I	Very carefully , she slithered from beneath the covers started and edging herself off the bed .
tr	O	One eyebrow arching , amusement tugging at his lips , Reginald shrugged and scooped her into his arms to carry her downstairs .
tr	O	a man shouted to him and pointed to a pair of lights in the distance , coming their way .
tr	I	She couldn 't think straight when he was her touching .
tr	O	There was the sound of something heavy hitting the floor and a terrible coughing , then a rattling .
tr	I	It a was very narrow corridor with a low ceiling , leaving just space for one person to go bending over through it .
tr	O	' You wanted to know where I was on Monday morning ? '
tr	O	I don 't like how happy I am to see her , or how happy my body is to see her .
tr	I	I emotionally 'm inhibited !
tr	I	Fritz a took step forward .
tr	O	asked Rose ignoring Susan 's question .
tr	O	It looks normal , but feels like someone made all its thoughts go on the outside .
tr	I	I 'm so frustrated , could I scream .
tr	O	She broke the silence .
tr	O	He had seen them practicing with their weak hands bound behind their backs .
tr	I	The Circle had celebrated Suzan birthday 's undisturbed two days ago , on the twenty-fourth .
tr	I	And so he calmly leaned back , stretched his legs , put his under hands his head , and closed his eyes .
tr	I	I ask , raising eyebrows my .
tr	O	He gathered the tattered remnants of her gown and strode quickly toward the front of the house .
tr	O	She followed him silently to his office .
tr	O	BG : He 's my neighbor , man .
tr	I	All that matters that is you care if they 're harmed , and it 's obvious you do .
tr	O	Kim covered her mouth with her shaking hand .
tr	O	Emma 's flat ( well I guess my flat now ) was up in North London , not far from Arsenal 's football ground .
tr	O	She had seen far too much death in her life for that .
tr	O	Sam shook his head .
tr	I	Melinda 's eyes had grown ; darker her face was as stormy as a tumultuous sea .
tr	O	Only someone so well schooled in etiquette could so completely disregard the simple courtesies .
tr	O	Amara felt a chill smile stretch her lips .
tr	O	Do you hear me ?
tr	I	Like the gym shoes in the corner of living the room near his guitar .
tr	O	Or had the creature travelled as just a foul shadow ?
tr	O	If she 'd made up a story to tell to the guards at the maglev platforms , it was in vain .
tr	I	I nod , reaching over shoulder my to grab the seatbelt .
tr	O	When had she become so at ease with her murderous secondary life ?
tr	I	He came closer and I saw that his were hands covered in dirt .
tr	I	It was surprising that a human could admire me like was she , as I was inferior .
tr	O	She 's coming around .
tr	I	She came to quickly her feet .
tr	O	We will train you of course in any other functions we may require .
tr	I	The tailing car went on by , but I never caught a glimpse of driver the .
tr	I	Maddy would never me forgive when she found out about this .
tr	O	My breathing becomes unsteady .
tr	I	But as the shimmering excitement began to clench her muscles , she grasped his face her in hands .
tr	I	He placed his hand his into front pant pocket and drew out a tiny silver key .
tr	I	Out of the suit flight ?
tr	I	We the serenaded bar 's patrons as they meandered to their cars at 2 AM .
tr	I	Twenty feet from the crater is a muscled single arm with no sign of a body .
tr	O	Ruby couldn 't swallow .
tr	O	I stirred my drink and snorted .
tr	O	Do not speak loudly or rise suddenly from your chair until the prisoners have left the room .
tr	O	Though she 'd only walked mere minutes , she felt she had entered a foreign world .
tr	I	Larry was working for a plumber and had just certified become by the Department of Labor and Industries .
tr	O	He was lucky she wore more than a smile and a pink boa .
tr	I	He offered a her cocky grin .
tr	O	Elena saw his expression and immediately went to him and hugged him .
tr	I	I 'm not interested perfection in .
tr	I	I kick her , my face hot boiling .
tr	O	This opening gambit was not at all what Gabrielle expected .
tr	I	He 't didn back up .
tr	O	That kind found it intriguing to date a lady PI ; always wanted to know if she carried a gun and seemed disappointed when she said no .
tr	O	She didn 't like lying to her mother , but if she knew her date hadn 't shown the inquisition would start .
tr	O	And she loved her family , even if it was the weirdest , most eccentric family in the universe .
tr	O	Not that he really wanted to know .
tr	O	As he signed the register , he had a view of the dining room , furnished with a scattering of small tables .
tr	I	He stopped a for moment , looking around again .
tr	I	In own his way , he was just as big a slut as Morgan was .
tr	O	I 'll be driving along and I 'll pass a vacant field - but that 's not what I see .
tr	O	Please let Dina 's sled hold out .
tr	O	She wouldn 't let me out of her sight .
tr	O	The scientist went silent for a while , then continued accompanied by some snobbish mimicry .
tr	I	I 'd prepared for this since the moment Henry had me found at the river beside Ava 's dead body , and Henry was right .
tr	I	We head towards side the of the house , barren of people .
tr	I	In no time they 'd be in air the .
tr	O	Couldn 't have picked them out of a lineup .
tr	I	Both of their eyes were warring between and black red .
tr	O	Sitting at home , obsessing over the Big Revelation wasn 't helping .
tr	I	Thus freed to think about the preservation of his own life , Harald held his breath then listened for any sound of unseen his adversaries .
tr	O	Graham had given her and Leah a gift she couldn 't possibly have given herself .
tr	I	He rushed and over began heaving stones aside .
tr	I	Rifles clicked to side one as guns were shouldered .
tr	O	I don 't know why he was acting like that , but whatever the reason , you don 't want him presiding over your trial .
tr	I	I smiled , what liking she said .
tr	I	This delay was ridiculous getting !
tr	I	We 'll leave you in next Cuba time .
tr	O	Who knows what these artistic types will get up to .
tr	I	Feeling that I had barely scratched the surface , retired I to bed with a book .
tr	O	This is why so many kids want to believe that their siblings are adopted .
tr	O	He smoothed her hair off her damp forehead .
tr	O	Ensure peace on the homefront .
tr	O	You are not currently in a relationship and it has been some time since your last one .
tr	I	It would be a pity if Flattery managed to wipe out farms the to stop the supplies that he was sure were channeled to the underground .
tr	I	He was breathing still .
tr	O	I swear I don 't know who 's more territorial , you or the wolves .
tr	O	Either way she didn 't hesitate to fight against him .
tr	I	She didn 't want to be with alone her thoughts .
tr	I	They do excellent an job .
tr	I	shouted behind Stone me .
tr	I	Ron smirking 's smile twisted into a frown .
tr	I	Wouldn you 't ? '
tr	O	A few acts later the twins lip sync and danced to an Iggy Azalea song .
tr	I	I out pulled my phone and took a picture of Sue , the T. Rex , and sent it to Julia .
tr	I	Her stomach flipped when he dropped unexpectedly to ground the below .
tr	I	Joe pointed to the phone and motioned that it was serious and the professor allowed him to excuse to himself the hallway .
tr	O	He was absolutely committed to the deception .
tr	I	Neither will fate suffer it , unless it be once or twice only , for some high cause of doom that do we not perceive .
tr	I	I froze , and slowly turned on my heels .
tr	O	Her mom was like that a lot of times .
tr	I	It was to weird finally see her in person after the visions .
tr	I	I can my make own way .
tr	O	Turning he nodded at two men who each carried a bow and quiver .
tr	O	Females would tend to be more suspicious about his intentions , especially if they actually knew her .
tr	I	Marcus Jefferson gotten had to entertain his son in his own apartment .
tr	O	A female answers on the other end .
tr	O	The dark graphic shirt strained against his chest when he laid the bloodied towel aside and leaned back .
tr	I	Working with cross-functional teams was a true learning experience and one which opened her understanding of dynamics team and collaboration .
tr	I	Others wage must this war for us .
tr	O	Somehow he knew it wasn 't a command to stop , but an encouragement to go farther .
tr	O	Though what if he didn 't ?
tr	O	A formidable being without me .
tr	I	What a job - having listen to to all this !
tr	O	She hid her smile .
tr	I	Benson is on a learning cycle with his computer implanted .
tr	I	The make dance shift floor in the middle of the living room was still filled with teenage lust .
tr	I	He to tried think quick .
tr	I	Though I don 't him trust , given his proven track record of lying , I hope he 's right .
tr	I	I follow his gaze a to shop across the other side of the busy road which has women 's underwear artfully displayed in its window .
tr	O	I refused to look at him .
tr	O	He lit it with a wooden match from a bright red railway box , shook it out , and tossed the match stub into Farnham 's ashtray .
tr	I	I nod my head , afraid to talk for fear my might voice break .
tr	O	I went into the living room and told my mother I was going over to Julie Stump 's house .
tr	I	As though she were trapped in hell by accident and only he had the power to pull up her to heaven .
tr	O	He took a deep breath .
tr	I	Just as knew he what had created those pockets of power he 'd avoided so carefully .
tr	I	He glanced at over Zack his shoulder .
tr	O	Stopping only to violate the clean beach laws she obeyed my whistle but it was Sylvia she went to first , tail vibrating frenetically .
tr	O	He wrenched the handle so forcefully , she was amazed he didn 't rip the doorknob off .
tr	I	Keeping every move silent , I what surveyed was on the ground .
tr	O	They were hundreds of meters high making it difficult for me to see what could be hidden behind them .
tr	I	Inside it was a gold bloodied ring with a large black rectangular stone .
tr	O	Crusader and Jumbo had both joined the GWA at a time when everyone had a silly , cartoonish gimmick .
tr	I	He pointed to white the wall , and I walked over , waiting for instructions .
tr	I	Behind them , from distance a , Jason heard the clamor of weapons and the shouts of many voices .
tr	O	Neither one of us mentioned it , but both of our breathing changed .
tr	O	It 's what I need to exist because I don 't think I can handle anything else .
tr	O	I wanted to murder him .
tr	I	His head hung to oddly the side ; his eyes stared out at nothing .
tr	I	I stretching was my mental scanning abilities to the limit .
tr	O	Except , I knew there was nothing short of a coma that would keep me from thinking of him .
tr	I	The giant thought thane for a few moments , and then replied .
tr	I	Her black , stringy and knotted ran hair limply to her waist .
tr	O	Karma was the first to speak to them .
tr	I	If I 'm a terrific manager , all that will get me is threatened with a layoff transferred and across the country .
tr	O	He took another drag , his elbow on the arm of the chair .
tr	I	No answer , and the toiletries joined the inside dress her suitcase .
tr	O	Well at least that was the logic I used when I swiped my credit card .
tr	O	Said Clarence half to himself .
tr	O	Fiona asked as Aine opened her door .
tr	I	We were both soaking and wet frozen .
tr	O	Feeling very stiff , Erik shifted his weight on the hard seat .
tr	I	I walked over to the wall and held up my hand about half inch an from its surface .
tr	O	The corners of Tamara 's mouth rose , emphasizing her prominent cheek bones .
tr	O	Lewis was twisting his baseball cap .
tr	I	She wanted stay to so much .
tr	O	She shook her head slightly .
tr	I	Who knew she been 'd closing in on panic ?
tr	I	But the of angle the gun pretty much told the tale .
tr	O	With this sacrifice , the Veil will lift , and mortals will be able to see the hidden world , by the blood of the One .
tr	I	Then he asked if Nanny knew she was here and if she 'll angry be .
tr	I	It was almost as good as a kiss ( or so I imagined , having no with experience the real thing ) .
tr	I	Even now , she didn 't know she if could do it and maintain control .
tr	O	A tiny redheaded woman mumbled a few warnings to the dog and flipped on the porch light .
tr	O	She hadn 't been there for more than forty minutes when a guard came and stood in the open doorway .
tr	I	She found it hard believe to what a whirlwind her life had suddenly become .
tr	I	Consequently , everyone the in area brought their computers and laptops to Gary because he charged the best rates in town , and everyone knew it .
tr	I	What the in hell was he thinking ?
tr	I	' But I 'll the take risk , thanks , ' I spat .
tr	I	The first one hundred units of Antelope Gardens were completed just in time for fall migration snowbirds .
tr	O	He seemed to feel protective of her personally .
tr	I	Her answer was the slamming of the door behind her she as retreated to another part of the jet .
tr	I	A dwarf cleared throat his .
tr	O	Even with the tool , cutting through the door was a difficult task .
tr	O	Obviously she hadn 't been in love , because she wouldn 't have fallen for his brother , identical twin or not , if she had been .
tr	I	We through walk the room with the glass walls , and the rooms with the glass floors .
tr	O	Was I having a stroke ?
tr	I	Trig was him beyond too .
tr	O	At his word the two of them scurried away .
tr	I	After nausea her passed Lina flushed and staggered to the mirror .
tr	I	I turn to him and as he approaches me , the butterflies in my stomach their spread wings and flutter .
tr	I	He couldn remember 't .
tr	I	When Gregor arrived , he found a much more sort benign of training in progress .
tr	O	Mark nodded slowly , his lips pulling tight .
tr	I	Whatever demons I may have , I don 't that have in me .
tr	I	Then she clears her and throat says it again .
tr	O	In fact , she was entitled to be addressed as the Honourable Tamara Kincaid and not much else .
tr	O	... I don 't want to watch you sleeping , Rand .
tr	I	They remained low enough they could be not heard by larger animals .
tr	O	came Trudy 's voice from above my face .
tr	I	My mother in died childbirth .
tr	I	Paul took drink a , as if summoning his resolve .
tr	O	He wouldn 't be anywhere around to stop it from happening , either .
tr	O	He 's wiping away my tears .
tr	O	They said stuff like Well , I suppose it won 't hurt you to know now or What harm can it do ?
tr	O	A first glance wouldn 't tell you instantly that he was stronger than any human man .
tr	I	I know how felt Felix .
tr	I	I sighed and back lay on the grass .
tr	I	I can give you update an .
tr	I	I knew I do could it .
tr	I	I turned to see Jackson and a few other emerging SEALS from the muddy water .
tr	O	' I 'm sorry , ' he answered simply .
tr	O	A moment later , Ice heard Nik speaking and wondered how the medicine man would justify the visit .
tr	I	Three and a half years and it hadn 't hurting stopped .
tr	I	* * Blue * went barreling into the house .
tr	O	See if he 's home .
tr	I	A deep score marked the earth where 'd we kept going until grinding to a halt .
tr	I	' Very well , sir , ' Harold solemnly intoned and the click of the door being signalled shut his exit .
tr	O	He was free at last .
tr	O	Maddox eyed each of them in turn .
tr	I	Fat looked Charlie at the sunrise .
tr	O	This , my darling , is the last letter I will write you .
tr	I	The smell of burned hair flesh and emanating from him made Karen nauseous .
tr	I	He 'd lain beneath her like a wicked upon fantasy white sheets , urging her on with hoarsely voiced encouragements .
tr	O	You tend to like a woman who has a bust measurement larger than her IQ .
tr	I	The massive double wooden doors were open and Emma walked in , astounded by the panoramic view of below Athens her .
tr	O	T was a pretty sight with ice crusted on the banks , reaching toward the middle where water still rushed over rock .
tr	O	I run my hands up her nak * d thighs .
tr	O	I sprinted silently to a small bedroom off of the hallway , ignoring the sounds of more shouts coming from behind me .
tr	O	Other scientists crossed the small plain hurrying over to him .
tr	O	I turned it down .
tr	I	Finally , we have cells solar or more formally , photovoltaic cells .
tr	O	I asked final y .
tr	O	Still , unless they lost their heads , a fall couldn 't kill them .
tr	I	Try little a tenderness .
tr	O	I do not think you would ever betray me .
tr	O	George Holly claps my shoulders .
tr	O	It was too much .
tr	I	My main problem was I that wasn 't sure I wanted to win .
tr	O	Jude pulled away from the wall and walked over to the window .
tr	O	I didn 't see them that way at all , but I had to ask .
tr	O	Now that her hands were free , she turned and held them out to the fire , wincing when feeling began to race through her veins again .
tr	O	Sunglasses leaned between us and knocked , then gestured for us to enter .
tr	O	When he 'd asked if she knew where Lauren lived , she hadn 't asked any questions .
tr	O	Wrapping his arms around her , he took her back until they were closer to the bed .
tr	I	Sidra smiled up at him , but slipped she underneath his arms and hurried back along the path .
tr	O	He had more than enough to survive for a while , but the column at Scientific American definitely kept his profile higher than it might have been .
tr	I	I was going to have to guess that had something to do with the she glamour mentioned her father using to look young .
tr	O	I never want to lose you , he thought .
tr	I	he demanded , stabbing the paper his with finger .
tr	O	* Olden Cross was a small godforsaken town , fringed for the most part by an ancient forest .
tr	O	The guards nodded at Alanna as she entered the tavern .
tr	O	Constance was olive skinned and her eyes were green .
tr	I	He quickened pace his .
tr	I	I kind of got obsessed with it ... with feeling connection that .
tr	I	There was no one it else could be .
tr	I	Fin her caught gaze and gave a quick nod of approval .
tr	O	And now I 'm walking right behind him as he enters the conference room .
tr	I	Sean didn 't to have feign his interest .
tr	O	Moved people out of harm 's way .
tr	O	Donovan called out to me and I crawled cautiously towards his voice .
tr	I	He glanced at her attempt at smile a .
tr	I	So shake I my head .
tr	O	I knew that 's what others would see , too .
tr	I	' I have fear such as on you bridge .
tr	O	What I do believe is that you can help us clear up this mess .
tr	I	A seconds few later , she rolls onto her side and I hear her breathing become deep and even .
tr	I	You think you 're this country savior 's , don 't you ?
tr	O	Luis stared at the plane taxiing down the runway .
tr	I	John couldn 't think of a better way to than live that .
tr	O	But if you have no wish to have your beloved toy returned to the land of the living , fine .
tr	I	A paragraph next to the picture went : body My is free , but my soul is chained .
tr	O	Your madre is here .
tr	O	A little farther along he found that he was indeed in a long passageway - a downward sloping half-circle made of cobblestone walls .
tr	O	I walk onto the auditorium stage not the least surprised by the limited amount of students whom decided to show up .
tr	I	He the slid squirrel back across the counter .
tr	I	Knowledge of a world that were we to become .
tr	O	Scott stretched over and snatched the bowl of popcorn away from me .
tr	O	I know twenty Illinois warriors can guide the men .
tr	I	And night that , Freda stroked a gently purring Gloria as she stood at her window looking at the patterns the clouds made going across the moon .
tr	O	Alec stood and took the empty peel from her .
tr	I	He asked for Bolster , but apparently were they both out .
tr	I	She humbled with him her confidence in him .
tr	O	Even the flea market at the Fairgrounds had bins of old LPs cheap .
tr	I	Her desk or pretend vanity , and folding a metal chair completed her vast collection of furniture .
tr	I	It did not , it but was growing at an impressive rate .
tr	O	KT and Jon continued to sit for a time and then the young man asked a question .
tr	O	The doorbell rang again and he had to all but force himself to walk away to let her sister in .
tr	I	His belt buckle was a golden arrow which pointed directly down ; so not subtle but certainly effective .
tr	I	Then Lily darling called me on the phone cell to alert me to this other matter .
tr	O	She was left with Gideon and an unsettled feeling that everything had just changed .
tr	O	But reality had a harsh way of reminding you that nothing was ever that easy .
tr	O	I had never been a hero before .
tr	O	I walked over to him and sat down next to him .
tr	I	She stood tiptoe on and planted a kiss on Nick 's mouth .
tr	I	She doesn 't answer she but has to be .
tr	I	The Kremlin epitomized Russian the penchant for big things .
tr	I	I had missed him too , but I couldn 't myself make tell him that .
tr	O	The parasite only leaves when the Architects take it away .
tr	I	Brianna gave a him moment to fully appreciate her words .
tr	I	Every part of her belonged to him , and was she more than willing to give him everything he demanded .
tr	I	When they get to Adelaide 's mother , coaxes Jack her off .
tr	O	The lines on his face seemed so deep .
tr	I	Did your father never you tell that ?
tr	O	She felt a light hitting her face but she can no longer distinguish it .
tr	O	When she bit her lip it made my body parts down south jump .
tr	I	His was duty to the Order , and there was no room for distractions .
tr	I	Well , hell , was his it fault she was thirty and living at home ?
tr	I	Now , I need to get to back my place and put some serious thought into my future out in the wide world .
tr	O	They headed north into town .
tr	I	Cassie tried to her control expression .
tr	O	Natalie 's handler came over then .
tr	I	I straightened and checked the of top the trunk and hood .
tr	I	Now my breathing was rasping through my teeth , vision to starting contract down into a tunnel .
tr	I	He said would it help with muscle memory .
tr	O	She had just experienced a premonition .
tr	I	This was I what wanted .
tr	O	After dropping it to the floor , she reached out and placed her hand on his chest , just above his heart .
tr	I	We at were a stoplight , which was why both Dana and Raquel were able to turn around and stare at me .
tr	I	If there was something distracted that Katherine , that distraction would eventually have to go away .
tr	O	Got ta admit , it was pretty fun when you knew you were the only one who was going to remember anything the next day .
tr	I	The Prince to tried rise once more , but in vain .
tr	O	For a split second he was tempted to return the favor .
tr	O	They had been sitting there talking for over three hours .
tr	O	And now she was leaning into him like some bloody wanton .
tr	O	I didn 't want to think about the past .
tr	O	Shouldn 't be considering what she was considering .
tr	I	He wanted to bury himself within and her never leave the warmth of her body .
tr	I	My head went back and my closed eyes .
tr	I	As he came up toward my face , I could tell from the look his in eyes that he was nowhere near being done .
tr	I	The captive opened his mouth , again coughing .
tr	I	President was Davis not upset as people became rich from his Empire .
tr	I	Just because I single 'm doesn 't mean I have any desire to date .
tr	O	Amira had pinned his hands up above his head , her face only inches above his , a bead of sweat hanging from her nose .
tr	I	You 're going not over there .
tr	O	Liz retreated and let her smile fall .
tr	O	The war club was cocked and ready .
tr	O	Suddenly I felt his tongue licking the sensitive bud between my legs .
tr	I	The shouldn guy 't need the reminder .
tr	O	I didn 't know she knew where I lived .
tr	I	I exactly knew what they felt .
tr	I	And it crawling was with vampire fledglings .
tr	O	However , she knew the land better than these soldiers did .
tr	I	At this point , she wasn 't even sure if she could have feelings another for man once Marco moved on .
tr	O	I couldn 't see anything , but not for lack of trying .
tr	I	They didn 't use words those though .
tr	O	He looked up and down his aisle but the others had already disappeared into their machines .
tr	I	This isn 't really all that unusual , know you .
tr	O	I wish I could afford jeans like that .
tr	I	It was small , but it had grown much larger and taller than it been had six months ago when she first arrived .
tr	O	I thought for sure that I could catch him on Saturday .
tr	I	Always look ahead and above in life especially and in career .
tr	O	She knew the moment her mind brushed his by the sudden intake of his breath .
tr	I	It would be too obvious to spot out which of part work he was responsible for .
tr	I	While she her made call , I looked at Max 's picture , then at the texts we 'd just exchanged .
tr	O	The sinks were stainless steel and black slate tiles covered the floor making Ilona think of a morgue .
tr	I	The man overlap of .
tr	I	He 't didn even know where to begin .
tr	I	She could rush over there and get more silver to Duncan help .
tr	O	Then the chatty little human girl came along .
tr	O	She might not know ... well , anything about him ... but she knew him , trusted him , not this angel .
tr	I	They were so yet small so beautiful .
tr	O	Just to sell more tickets .
tr	O	James was a powerful man , and he was the type of man to get everything at his disposal to get back what was his .
tr	I	He spoke slowly thoughtfully and .
tr	O	' Don 't let her get to you . '
tr	O	I can sense your presence .
tr	I	I relaxed my slightly hold , smiling on the inside .
tr	I	This was my at attempt feigning indifference .
tr	I	He groaned , gaze his locked on her mouth .
tr	O	My disappearance was still unreal to me .
tr	O	My thoughts can 't choose which one to concentrate on , until I make it pick Mel because she 's the easiest .
tr	I	' By the sounds of it , I 'm about to have plenty of that precious commodity my on hands soon enough , ' she said drily .
tr	I	I spot a more few eighties registration stickers .
tr	O	left the way he came .
tr	O	Suddenly , he looked up and saw her standing in the doorway .
tr	I	I was floating with a million colors around dancing me .
tr	O	' Grab an axe ! '
tr	O	should bring them all up to London , puts the pressure on .
tr	O	He had assumed Melinda would return after a few minutes .
tr	I	He hears nothing turns and his light back on .
tr	I	We don 't like to people turn away .
tr	I	he shot out , trying to pinpoint how 'd she spent the years of her absence overseas .
tr	I	I 'm exhausted and I can 't even moved my hand to do the gesture same .
tr	O	Motorcycles and cars fought each other to get to their destination , and the hot humid days only added to the frustration of drivers .
tr	I	One the of bodies was Miranda .
tr	O	What made the sisters so unique is that they both had telepathic abilities and could communicate from great distances .
tr	O	Fitzgerald was already moving , slipping around the corner of the cabin , stabbing the man twice in rapid succession .
tr	O	Obviously Madison wasn 't afraid of her .
tr	I	Almost at once got it lighter in the cabin .
tr	I	He a drew deep breath .
tr	O	Loved him and essentially abandoned him , just as he believed his parents had .
tr	I	I about wandered the city as I squandered my days away and at night I tried to learn what would await me at the Arch .
tr	I	He 'd struck her as just right , too not arrogant or too quiet , handsome enough but not a preening peacock .
tr	I	Psychological warfare of the holographic nature could which lead to a great deception never before seen since the days of Adam and Eve back in the garden .
tr	I	He 'd know what to do , she and 'd feel better just knowing he was around .
tr	O	Not summertime warm , to be sure , but warm for a winter day here , and hot for a winter day anywhere else .
tr	O	It was said the way to a man 's heart passed directly through his stomach .
tr	I	he cursed a gray robed man who stood before him , head inclined in cursory a bow .
tr	O	He took a bite of chicken and waited for her reaction .
tr	O	I paused some time to reflect on all she had related and the various arguments which she had employed .
tr	O	Sora , who for better or worse , was one of Callum 's most trusted soldiers .
tr	O	I have one piece of advice .
tr	I	She grinned and he pulled her out the onto front porch .
tr	I	She saw nothing , that but didn 't mean they weren 't cleverly hidden .
tr	O	Peter 's recorder was still running from behind his back .
tr	O	Strange and harrowing must be her story , frightful the storm which embraced the gallant vessel on its course and wrecked it -- thus !
tr	O	As a Plains Trader one would move between the plains gathering and acquiring unique items by whatever means applicable at the time .
tr	O	Their estate in England was overrun and ransacked by a regiment of Cromwell 's army and they barely escaped with their lives .
tr	O	Alix asked a few minutes later as she wrapped the leftover croissants in a plastic bag .
tr	O	People were awoken in shifts .
tr	I	In reality 'm I praying he will .
tr	O	Adrienne appreciated that , but charity from friends hurt her pride .
tr	O	Laurence rose and went to the window .
tr	O	At last he opens his puffy eyes .
tr	I	Only her incompetence and weakness emotional had prevented her from doing so .
tr	I	That 's you what promised me .
tr	I	He Lilly pulled Ann closer to feel her warmth .
tr	I	They know that you will get visions of the Pendant , and I hope that will information distract them .
tr	I	Nikolas Jack and exchanged a smirk .
tr	O	She couldn 't tell .
tr	I	I chew on my lip lower and shake my head .
tr	O	She stopped and punched something into a code box on the wall .
tr	I	I would kill him I before would let him touch her .
tr	O	I doubt any of these Chosen can tune a Gate , let alone create one .
tr	O	For once , I couldn 't smell it on her breath .
tr	I	Gravity on pulled her heart .
tr	I	Joy bubbled inside her and turned laughter into .
tr	O	She makes easy enough work on it ; these are nowhere near as challenging as some of the others I 've seen .
tr	O	The trees were different in this spot .
tr	O	They 're very interested in the place , but they want proof that the villa is authentic before they pay what Doug is asking .
tr	I	My mom had told us sternly that he missed mother her , and not everything in life was fodder for cruel little girls .
tr	I	I wanted know to more .
tr	O	Surveying the menu I found only three salads .
tr	O	There were layers upon layers like an onion but once you sliced it with a sharp knife , it fell into pieces .
tr	O	She flinched , but did not open her eyes .
tr	O	The King 's fisher shut his beak , winked his eye , as singing Tom passed under bough .
tr	I	Bishop stepped in forward a dashing silver suit .
tr	O	He climbed down the ladder leading to the flybridge and nearly fell into his chair on the deck .
tr	I	Some days I just want leave to her up there .
tr	I	He would spend eternity in servitude , souls gathering for his master .
tr	I	I spent whole days bouncing rocks here there and about the Vale .
tr	O	Apparently Bri didn 't see it .
tr	I	His fury building , reached Nathaniel for his sword .
tr	O	A few people smoking and drinking on the porch next door .
tr	O	It had to be Brady .
tr	O	There was Dr. Boggs , though , I knew he would help .
tr	O	From everything she 'd heard about Alethea , she 'd be drawn to the area like a moth to a flame .
tr	O	He slid first one then two fingers inside her and her hands gripped his shoulders .
tr	O	Mo Wang was one of the two new men in attendance , due to the death of his boss .
tr	O	Apparently he had come down with the ' gastric flu ' which was going round the hospital that summer .
tr	O	Jacob looked at her , a deep frown settling on his face .
tr	I	They pulled the small table kitchen over to the front windows .
tr	O	she broke into the proceedings .
tr	I	She nervously glanced over at me .
tr	I	I put my back into it and tried to push it to the check line out .
tr	I	There was little hope of sleeping , as they could not escape the incessant buzzing mosquitoes of .
tr	O	He was already charging for me as I sprang to my feet and I almost laughed .
tr	I	It would be easier if did he not overhear anything about Kirsty 's death .
tr	I	Unconsciously , Shay glanced toward the spot last she had seen Viper .
tr	I	After removing waistcoat his and cravat , Hugh moved to the desk and bent over the map .
tr	I	Ainsley shook head her .
tr	I	She had up stayed all night long .
tr	O	Knowing she would not sleep until he answered some of the many questions swirling rapidly through her mind .
tr	I	Her lungs filled with again air , carrying a familiar scent .
tr	I	The sweet taste of wine lingered his on lips .
tr	I	His eyes were holes burning of blinding yellow plasma .
tr	I	She felt Wren tense as if fight to .
tr	I	The temperature dropped noticeably when escaped they the atmosphere .
tr	O	Elizabeth moved toward him , desperate to make him understand they had to give it time to get to know each other before they commit .
tr	I	There 's an open audition in on London the fifth of August , and I want to go . '
tr	O	She noted a chameleon lounging on the side of the adobe wall , its skin color fusing into its background , effectively hiding it from watchful predators .
tr	I	( Would he cut be off ? )
tr	I	It took a few moments for our eyes to adjust to dimmer as light we stepped out onto a wide ledge about fifty feet above a forest .
tr	I	He seemed bubbling with energy : little a too much energy , maybe , Andrew thought .
tr	O	Joe 's back teeth ground together .
tr	O	But the name was common enough that he felt certain it would not stand out .
tr	O	He seems so kind .
tr	I	She 'd be damned if she let 'd Daniel trample her heart with one distant kook .
tr	O	This time into the surprised head of Cronus .
tr	I	An extra twinge from some recess of my mind added to tension my .
tr	O	I sighed and glanced down at the fire .
tr	I	She knew he was an warrior elite .
tr	I	The voice dropped to a whisper conspiratorial .
tr	O	He unclipped himself from the main line .
tr	O	Not even the woman he 'd so foolishly married .
tr	O	Word of mouth is crucial for any author to succeed .
tr	I	She bit her lower lip , let her chin down drop .
tr	O	She wasn 't going to give up her life for someone else 's dreams ... ever .
tr	I	Her headache throbbed in the upper right side hand of her head .
tr	I	Whenever Raja completed a case he was working on , would Claus mysteriously vanish without so much as a goodbye .
tr	O	Now I just had to contact Tate and April and see if it was okay with them .
tr	O	I finally did something just for me .
tr	I	I hear a beep , and a sound churning .
tr	I	She was overcome , completely defeated , but Cain was here with her , cradling her close making and her believe he really did care .
tr	I	She jumped up and started pulling her clothes and on I turned away from her with my heart pounding .
tr	I	He believes that nothing is arranged , but everything an is arrangement .
tr	O	The floorboards squeaked under the new carpet my parents had put in all the bedrooms at the beginning of the summer .
tr	I	They walked across the street , hand in hand , and enjoyed going around the Colosseum for an almost hour .
tr	I	The band finally understood that visual aesthetics paled in the face of sound quality 's importance as Austin drew fabulousness from the Soviet equipment looking .
tr	O	The secretary said they 're going to close the gates Tuesday morning .
tr	I	I could be wrong , but the thing whole just seems so odd .
tr	O	The same thing happened .
tr	I	My mother climbed into her after car calling me a name .
tr	O	We have invited everyone since they miss so many fun and festive occasions being separated from their own families .
tr	O	The women who served her food and drink didn 't give her more time than was necessary .
tr	O	My voice sounded as if it were coming from a long distance .
tr	I	I 'm very sorry what for happened with Rose , but you have to move on .
tr	I	I can 't do this , can I 't do this .
tr	I	But a voice in my head urges me to stay follow and the old lady .
tr	I	' He said never . '
tr	I	Talon led her father to corner another of the bar .
tr	O	No way in hell was she going back to face the Chandler brothers and their stinking coin toss .
tr	O	I look into the eyes of a berserker , a product of war , a machine for killing .
tr	I	I 'm not why sure people always want to count fingers and toes under those circumstances .
tr	I	For a second I thought she was going bite to it off , then she started to whisper into my ear .
tr	O	But I 've never heard the alarm used for a real attack on a Republic city , because there hasn 't been one yet .
tr	O	Finally , its artistic life has meaning .
tr	O	Harald would be dead soon enough so he never needed to know .
tr	I	My parents don 't hesitate to tell the Smiths the about cyberbullying in full detail .
tr	O	That they would develop invisible arms and reach out , grabbing onto whatever creature happened to be in her vicinity .
tr	I	As though without the meanest in care the world .
tr	I	A porch backlit light the silhouette of a woman .
tr	O	They had been army eyes .
tr	I	She looked down , shaking her hand in pain and noticed for the time first a small statue , balanced at the edge of the water .
tr	O	And then , in the stillness and the silence and the pause , Perdita dropped her arm .
tr	O	Every day Loki remains trapped is another day the world isn 't on the brink of war .
tr	O	Ethan began to get dressed , pulling a shirt over his head , his hair still damp and tucked behind his ears .
tr	I	Some could be in the of process transcription to hard disk , others could be logged out to certain people .
tr	I	She took a step ahead her of .
tr	I	The bounty responds hunter by tossing a weapon to Jael .
tr	O	Energy pulsed through her body , making it swell and throb .
tr	O	She remembered how the enormous grin on his face had faded with the words and felt her heart break a little .
tr	O	His urge to laugh ceased as he digested her warning .
tr	I	He lowered his voice and put his lips next to ear her .
tr	I	She over jumped the unconscious bodies and sprinted out the service door .
tr	O	The plate was filled with goose , bread , and cooked carrots .
tr	O	The anguish in her eyes was real , but Niall shook his head .
tr	I	She has tendency a to ramble when she gets nervous .
tr	I	Many of you have may noticed that the relationship between me and my father is somewhat adversarial .
tr	O	Center of the river , both banks visible in the distance , a sun rising ahead , toward the east , the fog all but gone .
tr	O	Alex could see , farther on down the hall , the front door and one wing of a Krispy Kreme case .
tr	I	Perhaps he should introduced 've them .
tr	I	The question sounded more a like challenge .
tr	O	That was the one when she saw the very beginning of this world .
tr	I	They never approached me talked or to me , but they watched me .
tr	I	Far more than important his job , his home .
tr	I	How had I not noticed that was he sitting here with my cast ?
tr	I	I will stop not , ' the volcano roared . '
tr	I	I figured I 'd get it back , but that didn 't either help .
tr	O	Celaena couldn 't help but notice the sharp stares from the same women when they beheld her in the prince 's retinue .
tr	O	As if she truly didn 't care whether or not someone loved her , as long as he at least pretended to .
tr	O	As if her kind weren 't the rarest of vampires .
tr	I	She 'd never seen a more welcome sight than Sutherland standing on the deck as his ship in slipped beside them .
tr	O	That devilish grin slid right back across Ethan 's face as he lifted Kelly 's hand to kiss .
tr	O	Then he saw my dagger point twinkle in the moonlight , and laughed .
tr	I	Over the years I grew to think that if I control could everything around me , I 'd never make a mistake .
tr	I	It produces outcome greater .
tr	O	However a deeper affinity remained for Rocky Marciano .
tr	O	For the fact that they 're still alive .
tr	I	He cracked open a beer and handed to it me .
tr	O	After the game , I was going to come clean and then leave for rehab .
tr	O	I adjusted my tone to one more tranquil .
tr	O	I turned my head to her to see her head was turned to the top of the stairs .
tr	O	It was a very big if .
tr	I	' Do you want to head up there with your shoes snow and start looking ?
tr	O	I took a few steps toward the couch and sank down onto it , my heart still racing .
tr	O	Wiping his palms on his slacks , he put his hands back on the steering wheel and headed for the school .
tr	O	Maryse had her hand over her mouth .
tr	O	Beth blushed and grinned widely .
tr	I	They reawakened all ancient the fears of making real humans obsolete that had caused us so much trouble two hundred years ago .
tr	O	He 'd probably seen Nick shirtless a thousand times before , but this never failed to be his favorite part of getting Nick undressed .
tr	O	They 've been gallivanting all over the county going from one historical site to the next .
tr	I	As crossed I the road towards them , my BlackBerry rang .
tr	O	A bullet whizzed past his cheek .
tr	O	I didn 't want his help .
tr	I	A of flash memory .
tr	O	Every single piece is a memory , you could say , forever etched for the world to see .
tr	O	He knew how much I loved him .
tr	O	She was gone longer than he 'd expected , and when she returned , her expression was troubled .
tr	O	Do you think anyone will come forward ?
tr	I	She never called me before least at 3 pm my time .
tr	I	The roc had left a deep , ugly gash in his side left - one that kept oozing blood .
tr	O	Pure speculations , but they make me feel sick nonetheless .
tr	O	If she dared go through with her sudden urge , it would mean dragging her aunt into the middle of something that she could not explain .
tr	O	Jack kept holding my hand , waiting for me to make up my mind .
tr	O	I PROMISE I 'LL LEAVE YOU ALONE !
tr	O	A mother 's idle , wishful thinking soon germinated into an idea , a concept , a paradigm shift .
tr	O	Xavier was talking to someone else , it seemed .
tr	I	Chapter 42 : Derek protested Aiden at first , but Sofia persuaded him .
tr	O	Josh caught a glimpse of something out of the corner of his eye and pulled the ATV to a stop .
tr	O	A 40 's themed dance at the local legion .
tr	I	It makes also me a bigger , tastier target .
tr	I	The Hard would One form imperfectly .
tr	I	He tangled his right hand my in hair and gave me a bemused half-smile .
tr	I	Without to antibiotics help combat infection , his body required more time to heal .
tr	O	The ley line , according to the maps , ran in a more or less straight line behind the houses on this street .
tr	I	The guys at the station would have a field day if they see could me now .
tr	I	' We no need longer you for our experiment , ' Kramer said .
tr	O	Once the realization sank in , I started to cry .
tr	I	If I can say it , he be should able to say it .
tr	I	It seemed she hadn 't seen what happened , so I decided was it best to lie .
tr	O	The animosity Clayton felt for him was dangerous and unpredictable .
tr	O	Not the back of his Hummer .
tr	O	Compared to a dragon , she was nothing .
tr	O	Once he had her seated on his cock , those tits were getting sucked .
tr	I	Eleanor stared at him surprise in .
tr	I	The jagged pink and white peaks reflected snow from the remains of the setting sun made appreciate me the beauty of nature .
tr	O	Celestino sat with the knowledge .
tr	O	He put it in his pocket without counting .
tr	O	Harrison is certain he was going to be fired now .
tr	I	Never had she looked more beautiful , her strength there for to all see .
tr	O	And hopefully she 'd also get over having her heart broken by Jason Corwin .
tr	I	It 's why do people it .
tr	I	I promise it be will over in a few ticks .
tr	O	Beppe , in between slurs , mentioned that the computer request was probably triggered by the fact that it was late in the evening .
tr	I	As the moon 's silver light first became visible , the creaking of the door passageway could be heard .
tr	O	She was vulnerable now .
tr	I	' Dere 's four people in room this and only three of 'em 's talking . '
tr	I	I your suppose father had a vision .
tr	I	Maybe this 't wasn worth dwelling on .
tr	O	But I didn 't think it was nothing .
tr	I	Mat assured the cavalrymen he was working on the problem , and they him took at his word .
tr	I	Except of course York isn ordinary 't .
tr	O	She had lost her grandmother again and the grief once again took over .
tr	I	I didn 't to want tell him about the CIA thing .
tr	I	He smiled at glare the Mackenzie gave him when the next batter struck out and the teams switched .
tr	I	Her cellphone vibrated just then saw and that it was Maggie calling her .
tr	O	Hurt bled into my incredulous words .
tr	I	Edna slowly her lowered spear as the guards carefully stepped forward and tightly bound them with ropes before dragging them off .
tr	I	That brings us to where are we today .
tr	I	Where she was unsure , he was steady , where and she was petite , he was filled with muscle and stature -- purpose .
tr	I	Life always will be hard .
tr	O	But Trevor would never do that .
tr	O	In destroying her shrine , she had punished him but not killed him , which would have been simple .
tr	I	None of us got more than four hours sleep each night , but people can get used anything to , or so they say .
tr	O	They would wish they 'd bought me that blue jean jacket with the Graceland mansion Bedazzled on the back , I just knew it .
tr	I	His eyes widened alarm in .
tr	I	She was feeling both and guilty protective - and safe .
tr	O	Paris smiled and lowered his head to grant her request .
tr	O	Hope started to breathe heavily , but kept talking to get everything out .
tr	O	The two exchange another warm hug .
tr	O	Still , seeing it now , the savagery of the blood-letting awakened a feeling of deep , confused dismay within him .
tr	O	I looked back and forth between them , these two people I loved so much .
tr	I	Warmth though seeped Sabrina chasing away her chill .
tr	O	Now right after Jericho we came to the village where we 'd left our cousin Elizabeth and Little John .
tr	I	George waited until he saw John Noble join the group moving to the west side the of lake , then joined those going to the east .
tr	O	In a near manic fit , he got a haircut , or whatever you call it when they charge fifty dollars .
tr	O	It wasn 't that late , but it had been a trying night .
tr	I	He sighed inwardly maybe ; his display had been a bit too over the top .
tr	I	She pressed blade the to his throat .
tr	I	My abrupt stop caused Cologne ram to into my back , shoving me forward .
tr	O	You 'll occasionally run across a wall or a piece of furniture with carvings on it .
tr	I	Yet even if I pleaded for on clemency behalf of the conquered kingdoms , he wouldn 't listen .
tr	O	It was more like being stalked by Neal than having her friend back .
tr	I	The man stared at the pad prescription like he couldn 't believe his luck .
tr	O	It made the town a little strung out , but that didn 't bother anybody .
tr	O	I can 't fall for him .
tr	O	Dante halted them both with a commanding tone .
tr	I	She finished the song and Alexander over leaned , placing a gentle kiss on her lips .
tr	O	Still , better to be too giving at this point than not giving enough .
tr	O	Would I ever be able to control that ?
tr	I	I stepped around him , slowly climbing first the hill , ignoring the dull ache taking up residency in my temples .
tr	I	Had the whistle blower called us first , she might still be to alive talk .
tr	O	They all pretended to be horrified and shocked , while their little hearts thrilled .
tr	I	Epilogue Ryan Sullivan sprawled out on lounger the under the big oak tree in his mother 's backyard , enjoying his beer .
tr	I	The surprise on face his surprises me even more .
tr	O	Leaving Shelton with Pete , David scrambled upstairs to throw on some shorts and a shirt .
tr	O	Mom shook her head .
tr	O	He stepped past her and walked away .
tr	I	Sky had been on the track right all along .
tr	O	He ran his finger down my forearm .
tr	I	His role only now was to stand on the sidelines , quietly supporting the future king with whatever authority a disabled rogue scholar could wield .
tr	O	She sags with relief .
tr	I	I think perhaps something in their past might have brought that home lesson .
tr	I	I 'm not sure how long I 've been in this position , but I can feel the blood pooling in head my .
tr	I	What if I never her see again ?
tr	I	Chapter Two Emma Gates pretended the air hadn 't her escaped lungs the minute the Duke of Tempest turned around to face her .
tr	O	The line went dead , Pandora looking at Ted .
tr	I	There to had be a countdown clock somewhere .
tr	O	The king was really looked like he was trying to kill !
tr	I	Jenny 's eyes were closed and blood was from trickling her wrist and dripping onto the floor .
tr	O	Bowie started to reply , but once again he began coughing uncontrollably .
tr	O	Brian was standing in front of the locked door , head down , thinking furiously .
tr	I	I curl closer in .
tr	I	She wobbled still and almost off slipped , but then gripped on tightly and pushed herself up .
tr	I	My rings phone , and it 's Ryan this time .
tr	O	Both men were intrigued by this totally new and interesting world .
tr	O	There 's an underlying meaning in her tone as her gaze locks with mine and her chest heaves as she struggles to maintain her breathing .
tr	I	CM It : 's what ?
tr	O	He laughs , but then grows serious again .
tr	O	Of fresh air and spring time .
tr	I	As long as he kept his pumping hips like that and kissing me , that 's all that mattered .
tr	I	He had come to admire the people of Tibet -- many of them lived their lives at even elevations higher .
tr	I	She swung her head around to look up at Nikolai Renata and .
tr	I	The knife stabbing was her again .
tr	O	He 'd only been with one virgin before and he 'd been eighteen and stupid .
tr	I	Meg 's sounded voice a bit happier .
tr	O	Reality appeared to have lost its hard definitions , each thing energetically blurring into the next .
tr	I	' He can be kind of jerk a sometimes . '
tr	I	Where I was going to eat ?
tr	I	She hung by the strength of saddle her grip .
tr	I	His blazing blue eyes shone like of pools truth .
tr	O	He was losing patience and I was all too familiar with how quickly the tracks ran out once he started down that road .
tr	O	Concern flashed across Trevor 's face but then he dropped his brows again and his glare turned cold .
tr	O	The grunts and heaves from the ghost tiger sounded close in pursuit .
tr	I	The truth surprised her , as much the as fact that she 'd spoken the words aloud .
tr	O	But I hadn 't and now it was gone .
tr	I	It was at that point that she made decision the to remain silent , regardless of what awaited her in the coming days .
tr	O	Just a disclaimer that says you know nothing about her whereabouts .
tr	I	He lucky was in that there was so much to do and to think about besides the disaster that had just taken place .
tr	O	The pizza was excellent , but its taste couldn 't compare to Jamie 's kisses .
tr	I	His eyes were the blackest of night in color , with streaks of amber , like small bolts lightning .
tr	O	I try hard to match my features up with hers .
tr	O	Knowing that no other blood relative existed on the face of the planet for me .
tr	I	Evie shouted her at .
tr	I	And his took mouth hers .
tr	I	Rachel ... Tolland felt himself grabbed being roughly .
tr	I	It 's dangerous and all that happens me is being hurt by you .
tr	I	The spider was crawling out , dragging impaling the pin behind .
tr	I	It was a validation of how right she 'd been about him her all life .
tr	I	He me gives a mocking pat on the back .
tr	O	I let out my own sigh of relief and my heart starts steadying out .
tr	O	We were best friends .
tr	I	She said And : that 's it .
tr	O	They were going to deliver Clarity inside the box .
tr	O	Something about that was just exactly how AI is programmed , so to speak .
tr	I	And even perhaps . .
tr	O	I caught it effortlessly without moving from where I stood .
tr	I	I heard Julian 's shouts in background the but I couldn 't comprehend what he was saying .
tr	O	When she answered , she didn 't sound like someone who almost died in a car .
tr	O	When I stepped outside , I found clothes folded neatly on a bench .
tr	O	Her hair was back , lips red , shoulders bare , face pale with winter , and eyes done just right .
tr	I	I shrugged into my clothes and left Jett to a take shower , ignoring the invitation to join him .
tr	O	If I can 't do it , nobody can ... But how ?
tr	O	His Adam 's apple bobbed .
tr	I	I almost it screamed .
tr	O	Anna began reading the letter aloud .
tr	O	Then sitting all the way up , she turned on her light and without even knowing what she planned to do , she pulled out the letter .
tr	I	She was about to claim victory made but the mistake of looking towards Sal .
tr	I	They think am I so easily purchased .
tr	O	I won 't leave you to be needlessly slaughtered .
tr	I	Ship been had a vehicle for mortal intelligence once .
tr	I	He was in a familiar place , lost yet .
tr	O	In any case , there was common ground once , though he did not keep contact with her and is unaware of what she does now .
tr	I	Mabel had a for biscuit him every day .
tr	I	The of leader the 9th was well liked by her Amazonian troops and had been there from the very start of all of this .
tr	I	She didn 't wait to hear what was next , she couldn 't it stomach .
tr	O	Alisha had agreed with the plan because it was the most logical , but her concern matched his .
tr	O	I suppose he has earned that right .
tr	I	I didn 't think they would be , considering almost nobody working in the office knew of door that .
tr	I	She away pulled with the cuffs in hand .
tr	I	I 't don think our killer seeks the random opportunity murder .
tr	I	He picks girl the up off the rubble but she 's bleeding bad , red staining the white snow .
tr	I	Nate stood near Pigeon , and they spoke with voices their lowered .
tr	O	He was so worried that he wasn 't good enough for me and that he was going to bring trouble or drama into my life .
tr	O	I was pretty sure that he was just getting comfortable , but my body was highly aware of his .
tr	O	he prompted when I didn 't react immediately .
tr	O	Just what that is , I don 't know .
tr	I	Savanna and sadly I got back into the car and drove to the house without Noah .
tr	O	Siri raised an eyebrow .
tr	O	Skyla looks from Logan to me as if she were deciding who to trust .
tr	O	I 'm not leaving this hospital without Lake .
tr	O	I join Bob at the side of the gondola and peer cautiously over the edge .
tr	I	These eyes would always remind him of Seth and everything I 'd said and done back then , especially they when glowed like yellow light bulbs .
tr	I	The muscles of his were forearm tense .
tr	O	When I 'd joined the program , Agent Locke had been Briggs 's partner .
tr	O	I ran my hand through my hair and shook my head .
tr	O	He looked surprised at that .
tr	I	He to wanted be the man in love with Jewell .
tr	O	And quite suddenly , Ara was no longer only thought .
tr	I	I decided to play surprised and impressed - but however tried I to spin it , it was still a lie to Ethan .
tr	O	Tracey and Hot Ben sat in the row in front of us , holding hands and occasionally kissing each other .
tr	I	Lesley put her on hands her hips .
tr	O	It was an odd feeling , one of belonging that Becky had never anticipated she would experience in this household .
tr	I	The sun had almost setting finished , only a brilliant sliver of the sun was still visible in the horizon .
tr	I	And that set anger her off .
tr	I	he questioned , wondering why on earth she had picked that particular to weapon bring along with her .
tr	O	The trouble is that it soon will .
tr	O	Then she walked back and sat in another chair ... and they both waited for Melissa Kumar .
tr	I	But the pen I 'd used as a stopper was in still place and the hidden door still slightly ajar as I had left it .
tr	O	It was nice to pretend gossip was the worst I had to worry about for a little while .
tr	I	I more felt depressed than I had ever felt in my life .
tr	I	Her was victory purely symbolic , however .
tr	I	I could he tell was as pleased as he was shocked .
tr	O	Intrigued , he finished getting dressed and went out of his bedroom .
tr	I	If there had been some way to make the boys vie for something each against other , Samuel Sullivan Barton found a way to do it .
tr	I	And partners 't didn leave partners in the thick of it .
tr	O	Covington stopped the van .
tr	O	Her first instinct was to pull for the surface , but the chain vibrated in a way she 'd never felt before , a powerful warning .
tr	I	One he no had plan to quit anytime soon .
tr	I	Just not the one they looking 're for .
tr	O	Jeffrey had no idea what it was or why it was necessary .
tr	I	Why , the drive would nothing be .
tr	O	Her first thought was of Katie and Brian and she climbed the first few steps with heavy regret landing on her like a lead blanket .
tr	I	Without wanting to , she found herself comparing him Derek to .
tr	I	But that didn 't mean Tanaka finished was , damn it .
tr	I	The ogre said so this matter-of-factly it took my breath away .
tr	O	Noelle wanted to slow down so she could savor every moment , but her body had other plans .
tr	I	But now the memories came back flowing , these strands were almost identical to the ones that once covered his head .
tr	I	I 'm to sorry interfere , but she was crying and feeling hopeless .
tr	O	He had his apron on with the restaurant 's log on it .
tr	I	He 'd gone blocks several and needed to backtrack to get home .
tr	O	God , I 've become a laundry stalker .
tr	O	Suddenly I looked down at the mug .
tr	O	Her voice began to shake as she continued .
tr	O	When I reached the entrance door to the building , I could see through the side glass that Marcus was still out front .
tr	O	She had a twinkle in her eye .
tr	I	A shadow fell over her , and she looked up to see a woman in and jeans a gray T-shirt .
tr	I	It 's populated by least at eight thousand Brutes .
tr	I	Her stopped shots and I heard footsteps running , but I stayed put .
tr	I	I 'd say counts she as family .
tr	I	I have to sweeten the guy who was picked go to .
tr	O	Simone then turned her attention to the entire group .
tr	I	Back on track , I really think our first step is going to have to be reveal a of some sort under our own circumstances .
tr	I	If went I home , and turned my back on fighting , then I 'd be turning my back on everyone here .
tr	O	He didn 't disbelieve Eve 's assessment that Walt had killed his wife .
tr	O	Chapter Twenty-five That evening , Kylie stayed behind at the cabin when Miranda and Del a went to the music get-together at the dining hal .
tr	I	He laughs again even as my skin hums a signal that he 's stretching truth the .
tr	O	He was discriminate in his choice of victims and only on rare occasions did he take pleasure in it .
tr	O	They had no idea just like the humans .
tr	I	It was he one wore a lot himself .
tr	I	She rubbed her face against his like shoulder a contented cat .
tr	I	The controller peered down at Rachel and Tolland , both in view plain .
tr	I	She in sat the library with Cory .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure I could picture Scott smoking pot , but I wouldn 't put him past selling it .
tr	I	Someone who 'd probably be missed if didn he 't come to her funeral .
tr	I	If we race out now it will be the end our of community .
tr	I	I asked Daniel to tell her I 'd be back in a little over weeks two .
tr	O	I needle Mia with all of my wrath .
tr	O	Dean did it to protect everyone else .
tr	O	He could have sworn her eyes were damp .
tr	O	I found that strange , seeing how the leaves were already changing .
tr	O	He threw up water and then the bitterness of the coffee re-entered his mouth , causing him to gag against the taste .
tr	O	Alvin began peeling the label off his beer bottle as he answered .
tr	I	Just the of thought Marian primed him .
tr	O	Dad had not been much help then , having stopped taking math in 8th grade himself , to train as an apprentice chef .
tr	O	Go get more people drunk .
tr	I	In his he heart knew .
tr	O	He considered for a moment what to do .
tr	O	That something unfortunate had happened to him and I had gotten lost in the tragedy .
tr	O	I pulled away from the strong hands behind me and flung my arms around my angel 's waist .
tr	I	Now it 's his turn wake to up .
tr	I	I 've started the evacuation emergency procedure , but nothing seems to be happening .
tr	I	But how would long they last before the siege ?
tr	O	Eric drew a long breath and forced himself to his feet , sick and shaking .
tr	I	Izzy up sat straight and lowered her arm .
tr	I	A secretary there had him referred to a man named Fred Winston , Dundee 's only real estate agent .
tr	I	Broxton stepped few a feet away from the guards as I made my way past them .
tr	I	In the room living everyone 's present .
tr	O	It came from my left , about six yards away .
tr	O	They 've done a pretty good job bringing them back to where I guess there 's now a few thousand .
tr	I	I continue to stand there staring out sea to , waiting for Sean to arrive .
tr	I	Since it began , Brice fear knew .
tr	I	Okay , maybe just sidekick a to a superhero .
tr	O	Her hands fisted in his hair , pulling slightly , and he grinned against her mouth .
tr	I	The tanks were simple fairly to access .
tr	I	And there was no reason for Magnus to Will tell and Tessa what he had learned .
tr	I	Vlad had one of the food she carriers used for deliveries .
tr	O	His calm yet booming voice caught Aidan off guard .
tr	I	She always scooped water from where was it moving .
tr	I	I was a at loss for words .
tr	I	The SUV was probably long gone , and I hadn 't gotten a at look the license plate .
tr	O	That 's why I need you .
tr	O	We headed down a wet but sandy trail toward the back of the shack .
tr	I	It possible was they might attract a crowd .
tr	I	Once they slowed had down he started to zigzag towards the buildings .
tr	O	Make sure she 's gone by morning .
tr	O	The lady is growing stronger , but she still requires glamour .
tr	I	She flattened her mouth into a thin line keep to herself from saying anything else .
tr	O	His smile was filled with a wry sadness .
tr	I	the guard in added a question .
tr	O	This moment was too important for stray thoughts .
tr	I	Grabbing a bottle of water , I walked into the room living and fell onto the couch .
tr	O	Thibault and his platoon moved in , toward the buildings , giving the gas station a wide berth .
tr	I	He and turned started walking towards the end of the room with Ryan .
tr	I	I loved the idea of seeing my parents every day , and working Walker with .
tr	O	* * * * * We had stayed at our camp for two weeks after the attack .
tr	O	I was afraid to agree .
tr	I	He was forward hunched , his eyes boring into her .
tr	I	' How did you avoid regaining all the weight you lost when competed you ? '
tr	I	I hit the showers and stand under the hot water until my fingertips wrinkled are .
tr	O	I throw on a kimono and race downstairs , where Calliope is pacing our living room .
tr	I	You get can through this .
tr	I	Even her son had developed a newfound passion for reading now he that had learned that he could decipher battle plans that way .
tr	I	Madison runs her fingertips up and my down good arm in a soothing manner .
tr	I	I not was even the girl I 'd been before Horizons .
tr	I	The terrifying reality of my predicament propels forward me .
tr	O	Swirls of yellow and orange appeared in the air in front of her .
tr	O	It was so much different from Julia 's bachelorette party , if one could call it that .
tr	O	Ethan had been in Wayne Johnson 's shoes not long ago .
tr	I	Casino thought a long whistle I and thought of Minos .
tr	O	' I 've never had the pleasure . '
tr	O	He must have felt her , because he gave a frenzied growl .
tr	I	No at question all .
tr	I	Glancing over her shoulder , she pursed lips her .
tr	I	It didn matter 't .
tr	O	An envelope from his personal investigators was waiting for him at the desk when he returned to the hotel .
tr	I	He had gone down into a cavern system under some ruins , but local rangers reported an there explosion , burying much of it in rubble .
tr	O	Sean began to sputter , but he held up a hand .
tr	O	The open space was twenty paces wide .
tr	I	The look grounds beautiful .
tr	I	Her eyes heavy felt .
tr	O	I led Bo into Sebastian 's study and closed the door behind us .
tr	I	Elijah 's eyes suddenly went wide and the hand gripping Rick arm 's began to tremble violently , veins popping out on his neck .
tr	O	If I do , I am going to die .
tr	I	I 've my dishonored name . '
tr	O	One more wouldn 't kill him .
tr	O	The sounds of passing vehicles on the adjacent highway were barely filtered by the thin walls .
tr	I	If he started , he wouldn 't stop she and 'd freeze .
tr	I	Sarah relieved felt as she hurried to work .
tr	O	As I sprinted past the large glass ring of fire I swung my sword furiously .
tr	O	He was starting to wonder how crazy life in Huron would really be .
tr	O	He dropped the money into the boy 's outstretched hand .
tr	O	The small flame ignited the coal .
tr	I	I laughed myself at .
tr	O	Finally he just turned away .
tr	I	Her mouth down turned at the corners .
tr	I	But as she leant her head him against she got scared and insecure about her own behaviour .
tr	O	Instead of the constant crimson sunlight from the bloated red sun in the first Dark Dimension , they were walking in a constant dusk .
tr	O	We stared at each other for a minute .
tr	O	She stopped and flashed him a brilliant grin .
tr	O	His lips tickle my neck as they move along it .
tr	I	He oral wanted acknowledgment .
tr	I	When I the reach front door , I knock .
tr	O	It was a reminder of what an obnoxious pain in the ass he was .
tr	O	Gabe turns in his seat to look at me with feigned offense .
tr	I	Zach started to come out his of chair .
tr	I	What I didn 't add was that one startling had thing come from the dream .
tr	I	Sweat dripped off of his as forehead Sidious clapped his hands together .
tr	I	So what wrong was with her ?
tr	O	He had watched me the whole time .
tr	O	I brushed past them , grinning when the one I knocked shoulders with muttered a curse .
tr	I	Master put George his hands on his knees to catch his breath , not seeming to care one way or the other .
tr	O	How long have you been writing ?
tr	O	The four of them said very little the rest of the night , knowing they were being watched .
tr	O	It was swiftly met by the blade of his axe .
tr	I	The thing heavily was muscled , its jaw sloping down to its thick shoulders , totally forgoing the need for a neck .
tr	I	How can I ever what forget she is ?
tr	O	I had to protect myself and my friends .
tr	I	I doubt will Ash notice us .
tr	O	He spun back on his stool and returned his attention to the television .
tr	I	I couldn 't run away with the knowledge that I could have prevented potential a catastrophe .
tr	O	Melody called just as Susannah reached the front steps .
tr	O	The oracle spirit couldn 't put together a body for herself , not even a nebulous cloud of light , like Bob could .
tr	I	It was impossible to concentrate with that of kind pressure .
tr	O	He 'd leave it until morning when he had a fresh supply of energy .
tr	I	A shiver worked itself down Mariah stiff 's back .
tr	I	I never dreamed our shared , shattered pasts would be stood what in our way .
tr	I	Celia an raised eyebrow .
tr	I	There websites are and even a Facebook page dedicated to finding me .
tr	O	You are shouldering the man 's burden sooner than I would expect , but I seem to remember being a touch headstrong in my youth as well .
tr	O	When things go badly in the economy , there is always a swing to the right .
tr	O	I was entirely serious .
tr	I	Second , leadership not is fair .
tr	I	Ludwig did not answer , he just gathered matches the .
tr	O	Even knowing that it was hopeless , she did everything she could think of , lashing out at Maya with the strength of sheer desperation .
tr	I	' I 'll him respect when he shows me a little respect , ' he muttered .
tr	O	I could see a yellow sign with an arrow pointing the way she 'd said .
tr	I	At least now for .
tr	O	Not because it seemed Kelly was everyone 's golden child .
tr	O	The woman 's hair was long and dark ; it streamed out behind her as if she was running away from the girl .
tr	I	He was on island his , scrabbling here and there , searching and seeking in vain .
tr	I	He had always in lived Maine .
tr	O	But ... it 's better if you go .
tr	I	The creature stepped forward , then on stood its thin gangly hind legs raising its wings .
tr	O	Ah , we Fae are wise , perhaps because of the amount of time we have lived .
tr	O	Over the loudspeaker , the Admiral announced his final approach .
tr	O	It was a full 100 points lower than Spencer 's .
tr	I	After graduating with first class honours from Leeds University she wandered around the world trying to find place her in it .
tr	I	' Is morally not right . '
tr	I	There was probably a line of people the outside door , wondering what was going on .
tr	O	That would be a cinch .
tr	I	He had already pictured a perfect family portrait with his Duchess Grandmother , sister little Bonnie , and beautiful wife Cassandra .
tr	I	I guzzled down it .
tr	I	A young nurse who reminded me of Marj from swim the team sat behind the large , circular nurses ' station .
tr	O	Her shoulders dropped as her spirits sank .
tr	O	The tone was light , but there was a nervous tension in her voice as well .
tr	O	Plus , they could always bring her back into play if the kid copped it early by mistake .
tr	I	It wasn 't that he hadn 't been thinking it for a long time , out but loud -- that made it official .
tr	I	Moral high was and John was surprised given the losses they had suffered recently .
tr	O	And I 'm doing the same thing right now .
tr	O	When had she become a tour guide ?
tr	I	This the was stuff dreams were made of .
tr	O	That signal has been jammed and redefined to the point of origin .
tr	O	He stares at me , chest heaving .
tr	I	A few of the other dance instructors have commented to me a few times about how well they doing are .
tr	I	Seeing my work of art work so well me gave a very happy feeling inside . )
tr	I	He to belonged a strange species , with skin that carried a tint of orange .
tr	O	Alec moved quickly out of range , and Magnus 's outstretched hand fell to his side .
tr	I	As he drifted in and out of consciousness the events of the years that brought him to this invaded point his memory .
tr	O	At least until I found the proof that he was a douche .
tr	O	It 's like when Annabella died .
tr	I	A legal pad and a computer ; that had like seemed overkill to me at the time .
tr	O	She already wanted him .
tr	I	Remembering her father 's reaction to Brian 's condition , she knew many that men considered any frailty a weakness that was unacceptable .
tr	I	A man was coming at me , at I him , to kill .
tr	I	She could round even out the look with a stylish beach hat .
tr	I	His grip was firm and his lips pulled tight a into thin line .
tr	I	He knew that things pretty were much over .
tr	I	I him miss instantly .
tr	I	He laid a and pattern ran it through his hair .
tr	O	I look at the layer of grime under her fingernails .
tr	O	His gaze darted between Grace and Josh , disbelief and anger mounting in his expression .
tr	O	Not because the contract payment was four times his own salary -- well , not only because of that .
tr	I	Either he 's ignoring me or he 's seriously into race the .
tr	O	Didn 't look like it .
tr	O	There are another two thousand in reserve , hidden in the forest .
tr	I	The dream I maintained still was impossible .
tr	O	We just couldn 't tip our hand .
tr	O	' We left so quick last night I never did know if she turned up . '
tr	O	The two came to the top of one of the bridges spanning the canals and looked around .
tr	O	I think it 's because we don 't want to think about it the right way .
tr	I	He feel could the power in her presence .
tr	O	' What 's up with the dwarf ?
tr	I	Forces which we see cannot .
tr	I	It floated down to the ground slowly , like a feather in caught the wind .
tr	I	She could tell that Papa was trying not smile to .
tr	O	Megan called him wanting to go to a party but he lied and said he was sick .
tr	O	Few could resist the invitation to talk .
tr	O	I encouraged him with a wave .
tr	O	Jared hauled with arms and pulled himself up and in .
tr	I	Before I could argue , he was half kneeling on floor the , gathering my scattered things and setting them back in my purse .
tr	I	Olivia looked up and see could that he barely held it together , desperately looking for release .
tr	I	Even if I give up the money charity to , people will still talk .
tr	O	The walls were Kevlar reinforced , making unwanted intrusion difficult .
tr	I	The night that went well was the night I like acted Blue .
tr	O	I would certainly , of course , rather leave this place now , before daybreak .
tr	I	Cheyenne 's sank heart .
tr	O	I just wish I could have done more .
tr	O	The time I thought about tying him to railroad tracks while I rode over his head with Winnie popped in my mind .
tr	I	' Who we do have here ? '
tr	O	The neighborhood park bordered a steep and densely forested ravine and so there was no shortage of inconspicuous places for David to unwind .
tr	I	Either way , she had got under my skin and an caused itch I couldn 't scratch .
tr	I	Those who liken this slavery to miss its foundation of volition . )
tr	O	I 've been stupid , no doubt .
tr	O	Trey is superfast and lives maybe a mile or two away at the most .
tr	I	The words came from me behind .
tr	I	He was stalling though , until waiting he could look me in the eye and break it to me .
tr	I	Alexander paused , taking a drink of water for his suddenly throat dry .
tr	I	Just as Pope was about to raise glass the to his lips , he froze .
tr	I	Why was he even thinking about tonight this ?
tr	I	He imagined that the fire of her touch burned a away fragment of his pain .
tr	I	Vin glanced up , flaring tin , and was rewarded with the sight of a standing man atop a nearby building .
tr	O	Kiara felt warmth in her heart looking at them .
tr	O	It is very likely that reinforcements will arrive shortly .
tr	I	Yes , there are tasks suited more to the male or female sex , but not what you 're speaking of .
tr	O	Vin dropped her daggers with a quiet yelp , thrusting her hands forward and Pushing on the coins .
tr	I	How the hell was I supposed to sleep the in room below ?
tr	O	' Yo , ' said a tired voice .
tr	O	Nick glanced at him , eyes widened in alarm .
tr	I	I my tighten fists on the wheel , glancing over at her as we get stopped at our second stoplight .
tr	O	The late Owen Larson .
tr	I	Dante stares at him for silently a moment with daggers in his eyes .
tr	O	And then a shot .
tr	O	She opens her eyes and smiles at Francesca and me .
tr	O	This whole twenty questions game was officially over .
tr	O	* * * * At lunch , Steve sits at his usual spot beside Mysterious Jane .
tr	O	Steve seemed to think she wanted him to admit he 'd been miserable without her .
tr	I	' We now are approaching cruising altitude .
tr	I	he said , moving still his feet this way and that .
tr	O	Each missing the target and crashing through branches like invisible cannon balls .
tr	I	It was the first hint of real heat Nick seen had from him .
tr	I	The two sat smoking cigarettes doing more little than talking between themselves .
tr	I	The response was as automatic he recovered from Edge 's verbal assault .
tr	I	After some time under sail , Jeff what spotted appeared to be firelight in the distance .
tr	O	Edward shook his head for several seconds .
tr	O	Gina and Bethany got me pretty good too .
tr	I	Commerce Royal Ball Coronation .
tr	O	He flipped out of his cot , tossing his blanket toward the opening tent flap .
tr	O	No way could he have gotten from the courtyard to where she was that fast .
tr	O	Cole had been so good for Jeff , so wonderful to her .
tr	I	I nod and back settle in the bed next to him .
tr	O	He landed on gravel , spilling forward , hands out for support .
tr	O	After the area is secure we will perform a salvage operation and board it .
tr	I	This rambling to seemed go on for many minutes .
tr	O	I try to take their hands off me but there ´ s just too many .
tr	I	The force of his arms pulls me back , and his fingers again are interlocking , holding me down on the bed .
tr	I	Austin skin 's paled .
tr	I	He looked tired , thought Adam .
tr	I	He his straightened tie .
tr	O	She accepted , rather hesitantly , at his invitation to join .
tr	I	He leaned over and punched an in override code .
tr	I	Unfortunately , I am in the of middle a project .
tr	O	None of it is real .
tr	I	A number of orbs hung near the ceiling , if any of them were guide their Eris couldn 't tell .
tr	O	He walks on , aiming for the North Street Station .
tr	O	The crime scene itself had been trampled to hell .
tr	I	Even if Logan is one of Chloe 's drones I still feel for bad running a piece of broken glass down the side of his face .
tr	O	Well , if that wasn 't motivation , I don 't know what was .
tr	O	The room soon grew nearly silent .
tr	I	She bit lip her .
tr	I	The truck slowed and Duke turned the wheel sharply to the right , then to the left and the truck out straightened .
tr	I	But it doesn make 't us stop .
tr	I	If you hadn 't gotten here when you did , Trajan would probably gone be as well .
tr	O	I licked my lips and looked away , wondering what he 'd do if I told him the truth .
tr	I	It was good to be at back Paramount .
tr	I	Waiting politely at the door was a man in crisp the , blue hotel uniform .
tr	O	Rick , deep in the wine and thinking of nothing but the girl , thought the unthinkable .
tr	O	They 're coming for her .
tr	I	Floyd was standing Ace behind 's chair .
tr	O	Not all of them are disadvantaged .
tr	O	The bats would emit a sound that would echo off something solid and they 'd be able to tell where it was located .
tr	O	Daemon 's hands tightened on her shoulders .
tr	O	What came through wasn 't Oliver .
tr	O	CHAPTER 27 I wasn 't big on the Covenant garden when I was alive , but I kept finding myself in this one now .
tr	I	Bullets about flying them , the police and the mob decided catching us wasn 't worth dying for .
tr	O	Nevertheless , as she moved to do what instinct demanded , he gave her a slight shake of his head , staying her act of kindness .
tr	O	Then , my mouth filled with fluid .
tr	O	He couldn 't believe he 'd asked it , but once he had , he felt anticipation course through him .
tr	I	I am to ready accept you , forgive you , love you .
tr	I	The commander , still dressed in Ambrose 's cloak , was talking to an man old dressed in sombre garb .
tr	O	And At grandma 's .
tr	O	The stout orator who 'd spoken to them in the harbor was waiting at the door , and he unleashed his vocabulary again as he greeted them .
tr	O	I loved his scent , and I loved his concern for me .
tr	I	I almost choke on my own saliva at the sound of 's Jack voice .
tr	I	But fact the is , sometimes they do .
tr	O	Allyson is desperate for it to end and would like for it to go on forever .
tr	O	And she really panicked then .
tr	I	Brick had never been serious so about the topic of fun .
tr	O	The boys had long finished their lunch but ' dad ' still hadn 't returned .
tr	I	In song it said is that love hurts .
tr	O	Ainsley couldn 't stop her laugh .
tr	O	He was poised over the 9 button .
tr	I	The of beginnings Alzheimer 's .
tr	I	Then again , she was going to have to go tomorrow back , wasn 't she ?
tr	O	I moved my head to the rhythmic sounds of the music , but somehow couldn 't divert my focus from Echo and that blonde woman .
tr	O	How was he to wash the letters clean ?
tr	O	The television was on .
tr	I	And I 've heard so many good things , my dear , many so things .
tr	O	That 's step one .
tr	I	Ms. Carter would hold séances for her clients and speak conferences at .
tr	O	The priest pounced like a starving animal , clear across the bar and onto Ralf with a ragged , gurgling roar .
tr	O	I figured this way you have a clean slate .
tr	I	And I not 'm the same now .
tr	O	She says she 'll be fine , but I don 't know about leaving her alone .
tr	O	Melissa forced her mind to shut out his mental pyrotechnics .
tr	O	As we pushed through the crowd , I felt distinctly underdressed .
tr	O	It 's going to be okay .
tr	O	He looked to his easy chair and the soft inviting cushions .
tr	I	A slow spread smile across his perfect lips .
tr	O	Apparently she 's been to Indonesia several times recently hence the tan .
tr	I	The words fled from her mind and all she could think about was the feel of his hardness through the fabric of jeans her .
tr	O	He swirled the ice cubes around in his glass .
tr	O	Alec was ... well , he was Alec .
tr	O	Koki wiping off lover 's perspiration from his naked body .
tr	O	The statue did not move .
tr	O	Arian was obviously taken back but she rebounded quickly with a sharp retort .
tr	O	She kissed the photo , then slipped it back in .
tr	O	But his soul was unsettled .
tr	I	It looked as if she was digging up new and potatoes tossing them into a basket .
tr	O	This year , however , he planned to leave town on three days before Christmas .
tr	I	The were men asking Sam questions , drawing her out about her past , her job , and her life .
tr	O	Kate tickled their new companion behind the gills .
tr	O	Bad things happened because people had free will .
tr	O	He motions to the corner I 'm sitting in .
tr	I	Scorch opened the door , and she had no choice but to him follow .
tr	O	She brings her hands to her head , trying desperately to stabilise her shaking fingers .
tr	O	She glanced up at him , curious and perplexed .
tr	O	But I recognize the handwriting .
tr	O	I bought it last year from an online dealer .
tr	I	I challenge any man to make same the voyage they did .
tr	O	Then he popped the battery out of his cell phone and tossed the separate pieces on the backseat .
tr	I	Surprisingly , it doesn take 't him long to open the door .
tr	I	There were phones for a while , once but their batteries died , that was that .
tr	I	But always you knew what you wanted .
tr	I	He tried to flinch away from Trevor , but Victor wouldn let 't him .
tr	O	Jessica slipped her hand between mine and tugged .
tr	I	After about 3 minutes of chasing the boar came into abruptly sight .
tr	I	He opened the cabinet over the sink ; pulled out small a glass and a bottle of whiskey .
tr	O	Let the whole damn city be jealous .
tr	O	A cold glint came into Heinrich 's eyes .
tr	I	Will fol owed , up the through shadowed staircase , the thick Persian stair runner muffling his footsteps .
tr	I	The King embraced the boy a bit stiffly but gradually warmed to idea the .
tr	I	Luckily they had not ventured into the area exhibition , and his most prized items remained intact .
tr	O	Everybody looked at him like he was crazy .
tr	O	Hale shook his head .
tr	O	Jax pushed out the chair opposite him with his foot .
tr	I	She was already under enough pressure ; she didn 't need to deal his with insecurities .
tr	O	Even if he stayed single after however long it took her to reclaim her life ... She didn 't know .
tr	I	The hand clamping over his came an inch before the tumbler touched the table , and he his flicked eyes open again , startled .
tr	O	He 's wanted by the Protectors , nasty piece of work , he 's killed many of us .
tr	O	She nodded , still not sure about keeping the clothes and secretly plotting to return them .
tr	O	It wasn 't pretty , but it proved one thing .
tr	O	He didn 't reach out for her again when he finished .
tr	I	She would not doubt freedom if was the most precious commodity in his life .
tr	I	As a child I used to think of my mom and Mags as the moon and the sun , dark and versus cool warm and bright .
tr	O	Meredith looked at them and then up at Theo , who slowly floated to the ground .
tr	I	My reasoning logical sounded to me .
tr	I	However , I 've learned to not question things that like .
tr	O	Granted she felt adventure and adrenaline with Cody .
tr	O	I wasn 't even really surprised .
tr	I	She raised her left hand as he moved and cast own her spell .
tr	O	A guy looked nervously at Kyle .
tr	I	The key would be a getting daily break .
tr	O	Among the woods , Alvin turned , sweating , and shot at the dark .
tr	O	Why was he looking at me like that ?
tr	I	There was no date , inscription no .
tr	O	They twinkled prettily among the fresh fir and all their family tree decorations .
tr	O	Pain and power are bleeding through his body into mine , jolting through his limbs and crashing into me until I nearly drop him .
tr	O	Chapter Eighteen It was Candace who answered Gabby 's knock at Brian 's apartment this time , looking adorably disheveled with her blonde hair pinned up .
tr	O	That should plow his fat head through the brick building .
tr	O	Valerie made a face .
tr	O	But he wasn 't looking at her .
tr	I	The swallowed darkness them .
tr	I	I turned to watch the tail lights of the Chevrolet disappear in the before downpour getting into the lift .
tr	O	he asked , flicking his head back towards the house .
tr	I	I ought to cook you on the spot , but I wait 'll a bit .
tr	I	Grace filled him in on new her position within the company .
tr	I	You my enjoyed mistake .
tr	O	But Edward was right - I wasn 't quite ready yet .
tr	I	His eyes 't weren adjusting right .
tr	O	He squeezed my hand once more and let it go .
tr	I	He 'd loved everything about their fast , lovemaking fierce so far , but now he wanted sleepy and slow .
tr	I	Her mother looked at her with eyes unflinching .
tr	I	Emma down broke into tears again in Maya 's arms .
tr	I	He enjoyed authority the , and this mission had given him a chance to prove his ability to command .
tr	O	Her fingers slipped from his shoulders .
tr	I	Her made whimpers my heart sink .
tr	I	the said conductor , his patience fraying .
tr	O	He was fairly certain he could overpower the vampire , but he couldn 't stop him from disappearing before he could get his hands on him .
tr	I	Sand stuck to his knees and the hem his of board shorts .
tr	I	She was working on the hide , tanning out it .
tr	I	Maya her opened eyes to grin up at him , her head moving up and down with his laughter .
tr	O	We 're sticking together .
tr	I	George waited for her to go on , but instead she set off walking again a at faster pace .
tr	I	I turned page a .
tr	O	The women ducked into the shade of the trees and away from prying eyes .
tr	I	Outside the door of conference the room she ran into Karen , who personified elegance in a navy pantsuit .
tr	O	But Liz doesn 't try to look irresistible .
tr	O	Myra and Lora stepped toward the kitchen and Simon and Amber took the hint and disappeared as well .
tr	I	It 'd be different if I could get you $ 325,000 for your house and you bought condo a for $ 200,000 .
tr	I	Jack searched his for butler .
tr	O	Even if I hadn 't left her with our baby inside her , I 'd been a fool to believe she could ever forget about me .
tr	O	No matter how subtle her scent was , he could pick it out , even if she was in a room surrounded by over scented socialites .
tr	O	You 're looking for a pound of flesh .
tr	O	I nod toward it .
tr	I	I was more worried about him giving heart failure if a hand suddenly appeared in the middle of the air and tapped him on his knee .
tr	O	Colin appeared to anticipate her argument as he came to a stop before her .
tr	O	He walked to the edge of the protected area and peered ahead .
tr	I	She feared so much he that would say he couldn 't get involved .
tr	O	The floor boards squeaked , the wood fibers tightening against the metal .
tr	O	After a cursory perusal he tucked the book into his coat and then glanced through the letter , a frown gathering between his brows as he read .
tr	O	How many people would kick a chick out of the cafeteria like he had and then start wooing her ?
tr	O	Chad shook his head at her .
tr	O	Everything was ready to go .
tr	I	In fact , it looked only few a weeks old .
tr	I	If the worst comes to worst the , the horse will .
tr	O	She waved her hand as if to dismiss a world of things .
tr	I	I mean can I 't possibly read them , nor can anyone else .
tr	O	I tilted my head , looking up at the person I 'd come back here to see : Nike , the Greek goddess of victory .
tr	I	He questions unfazed by who the has armor .
tr	I	Maybe he would always grow with bored anything that became too familiar .
tr	I	It the was only way to stifle the angry words of protest that rose in her throat .
tr	O	Chapter Six It was Chloe .
tr	I	A big surprise that couldn he 't wait to share .
tr	O	Those participating in the security for the host transference will be required to arrive at the Aconcagua Base three days prior to the actual transference .
tr	I	I lower slowly my head , watching her .
tr	O	Eric slid his mouth over her opening and let the goodness of her fill him .
tr	O	He didn 't notice when his coworkers migrated to the large meeting room where a TV had been set up .
tr	I	His pupils have vanished giving completely him the appearance of some sort of demon .
tr	I	He one opened eye and looked at me .
tr	I	There was no way she could up keep on that .
tr	O	Mr. Sharp stands quietly , breathing deeply for a moment before he begins .
tr	I	She is going to make a psychiatrist fine .
tr	I	I unlock latch the and slide the window up as quietly as possible .
tr	I	Life departed had with her .
tr	O	One does not go there to ogle at the women .
tr	O	A familiar voice cut into my half sleep .
tr	O	Kylie , thrown off balance , toppled down on top of him .
tr	O	Jackson shook his head .
tr	I	People continued to come in , some delivering their children the to music room next door where an adult must have been delegated to supervise .
tr	I	She softly stroked her hair back from her face and assured her the Blood Cutters pay would for their abuse and insolence .
tr	I	I shook head my at him .
tr	I	Both of nodded them .
tr	I	For the life of me , I no had idea what Zoe thought I had just agreed to .
tr	I	My was voice cold .
tr	I	She recognized scarcely herself this morning .
tr	I	I didn 't know why you had come , but when I realized you were upset that I 't hadn answered it made me happy .
tr	O	Auron jumped off his horse .
tr	O	Or almost alone -- Jillian was still there .
tr	I	But they be 'll worth it .
tr	I	The muffled sounds of struggle filtered through the silence and Voss smiled anticipation in .
tr	I	It gives me strange a urge to retch , which I must struggle to shake off .
tr	O	The shadows of the henge softened as the light dimmed .
tr	I	He sat speaking without for a while .
tr	O	This was serious business .
tr	O	She walked over to where she had taken off her waitress pants and pulled a paper out of the pocket .
tr	I	She 't didn know how she 'd survived all the years with her dad , as it was .
tr	I	Once they were all gathered at the door , he tapped the knocker iron .
tr	O	But that would require touching him and she had to avoid that .
tr	I	To a man , however , they were absolutely loyal to the Brotherhood United , and not one of them would utter a word if arrested .
tr	O	I 'm not sure if I thought she wouldn 't look or if I hoped she wouldn 't see anything .
tr	O	And then she broke down and cried .
tr	I	Melissa tilted her ear the toward phone .
tr	O	Eric had said , If you were in your panther form , you wouldn 't worry .
tr	O	Carmine knew he couldn 't disregard a direct order from the Boss .
tr	O	Mr. Nelson yelled for everyone to return when something deep in her suddenly curled around squeezing her insides .
tr	I	Victoria started to raise voice her .
tr	O	But Mrs. Rudi was experienced and knew how to handle a chase so that she could win .
tr	O	She needed to rest and she needed time to rest .
tr	I	I didn 't have the kind of power had he and everybody knew it .
tr	O	My heart rate returned to normal .
tr	O	She shook her head .
tr	O	It couldn 't be right -- she couldn 't be making us wait another night .
tr	I	Not be to outdone by the Harry and Fr .
tr	O	The soldier turned and hobbled back down the stairs .
tr	O	I just need a symbol and we can do the rest to imprint on the consciousness of those that need to see it .
tr	O	You can 't buy this type of advertising .
tr	O	This is about Dave 's family , not about what you look like in there .
tr	I	Other claws pulled at pants her .
tr	O	Only then does she relax into my embrace .
tr	O	He looked like he wanted to ask a question but shook it off .
tr	I	Skye turned back to see the no vampire longer distracted .
tr	I	She even looked more amazing than usual with her jet black hair piled in a messy bun held together with black chopsticks .
tr	O	The creature sprang , throwing itself on top on Link .
tr	O	Only Ronan 's eyes moved , tracking Cain as he came closer .
tr	I	It puffed out now -- satisfactorily it seemed the from looks on the sailors ' faces .
tr	I	His smile sharp was and hard .
tr	I	Or the way he 'd looked at me in mall the .
tr	O	He lightly started singing a song that I thought was a new one .
tr	I	Abruptly , she found herself on the of verge tears .
tr	O	We 'll have to be careful so as not to accidentally ignite the powers inside him .
tr	I	Lief waited just by the of edge the cliff , pacing back and forth .
tr	I	His arm slides under my and pillow his other arm wraps tightly around my body when he finds my hands .
tr	O	What else had I expected ?
tr	I	It was as though the word had snapped free deep from in my subconscious and smacked me head-on .
tr	O	If he ended up locked in a loony bin , he wouldn 't be of any help to Cat .
tr	O	I realised that the longer I remained here and interacted with all of them , the more I would end up actually interfering with their lives .
tr	O	They couldn 't stay out here like this no matter how much he wanted to make her come again .
tr	I	She wanted them to be bigger people than was she believing them to be .
tr	I	She sucking was his tongue .
tr	I	He staring kept at his reflection .
tr	O	That I can 't pull it off .
tr	I	Last class of the day , last day of the week seemed to make good sense the at time .
tr	O	And what a woman .
tr	O	Chrissy Gunther was walking toward the bank at the same time , and came to an immediate stop .
tr	O	You can get lost in this site with the data .
tr	O	In all of his years as an agent , he 'd learned that evil could hide beneath the most deceptive of surfaces .
tr	I	She reached for her purse , found the initial letter , and laid the two to next each other on her desk .
tr	I	There was no window looking on out to the outside world , though .
tr	O	He was home and she was happy .
tr	O	It was her walk .
tr	O	In one sudden movement he leapt forward and planted himself uncomfortably close to Tasha .
tr	O	He echoed the thought Bond had had .
tr	O	I wouldn 't have been surprised if there was a gun and a wand somewhere in the car too .
tr	O	Mary asked with mounting curiosity as she sat down .
tr	O	Denver snapped his lips closed and looked pensive .
tr	O	An encounter should just happen .
tr	O	My heart ached to think of the pain my family had experienced .
tr	I	She hadn 't expected this Matthias from at all .
tr	O	He stepped aside , and Kim shuffled in .
tr	I	Stroking her pale cheek , he held a back groan .
tr	I	Each was syllable bitten off .
tr	I	Making baby beetles out of seemed dung pretty special to the Egyptians .
tr	O	Or , was it possible she 'd realize she was ready ?
tr	O	Sighing , Dad sank into one of the chairs next to the table .
tr	O	They were in the middle of their first kiss as a married couple when the taxi driver spoke .
tr	I	As Sandra and David back walked to her apartment , David was in shock .
tr	I	Ed and the were rifle gone .
tr	I	This be might one of those times .
tr	O	Tim smiled at Jacqueline .
tr	O	Judson looked at her .
tr	O	That feeling of being complete with Cole reached my brain too .
tr	O	Behind them the town was silhouetted against raging sheets of flame .
tr	I	Celeste stood up quickly took and his arm .
tr	O	We will ring you when we have some more news .
tr	O	It is composed of atoms of metal and various other things .
tr	O	All the beachfront homes were old but well kept .
tr	O	' Oh , ' said Indigo , suddenly hushed .
tr	O	I longed to be young , nervous and looking for adventure .
tr	O	Had Lilith played me ?
tr	O	He smoothed back her hair with a hand that shook harder than a newbie on his first mission .
tr	I	I did notice , though , that he was still holding my hand when from he had pulled me down onto the sand .
tr	I	I 'll food bring .
tr	O	The fighting must have been over , given the stony silence .
tr	I	The second is file an image .
tr	I	* * * Della and Miranda were gone Kylie when and Lucas walked out of the office .
tr	I	I stepped outside and closed door the behind me .
tr	I	Who was in I the ... Sasha .
tr	I	He with gestured his head .
tr	I	I I wish had something to throw at him .
tr	O	His eyes followed Delia 's and he stopped cold when he saw her .
tr	O	He didn 't try to hide his disappointment .
tr	I	Slowly , almost agonizingly , he straightened out his body until his were toes pointing straight up into the sky , towards the double moons .
tr	O	Cain forced his body to keep moving , his sword to keep swinging while he shouted continual warnings for Rory to stay away .
tr	I	It wasn 't just his legs that were quivering ; now it was entire his body .
tr	O	He wondered whether he and Lexie would end up that way or whether they 'd somehow be spared .
tr	I	Apparently , they had gone to elaborate lengths to convince to about her freeing some burnt boy .
tr	O	-- all of them gathered together in the lobby and went down in front of the hotel .
tr	I	So my captor wasn 't cruel like or Jackal the others .
tr	I	They even looked good together , Eric blond muscular and next to Lori 's dark-haired grace .
tr	O	My officers and I held the line on the shore , braced for the worst .
tr	I	He thought of the paperwork and legalities she 'd haunting mentioned her even a year later .
tr	I	Julian 's began eyes to morph .
tr	I	Or about what adult ed ?
tr	O	Where I 'm from isn 't a collection of evil dead people , if that 's what you 're thinking .
tr	O	I looked for you everywhere we went , because I was so sure you 'd surprise me , and when you didn 't , it hurt .
tr	O	Cassie sighed softly as she nodded .
tr	I	Nicolas Kumar looked forward to being free of manacles these .
tr	I	What had done I ?
tr	O	I 've had enough pain , no more not even from the man I love .
tr	I	I knew Frances that would take no heed of my warnings , so I enlisted Michael 's support .
tr	O	Now ... look at this .
tr	O	I jumped and felt Michael 's hand on the small of my back .
tr	O	And that was the problem .
tr	I	He couldn 't sit in stands the .
tr	O	Holly turned her face up and smiled back .
tr	O	A few powerboats droned back and forth .
tr	I	She commanded the attention of the entire table and onlookers some .
tr	O	Her mouth was too dry to lick the seal , so she tucked in the flap and earned herself a paper cut for her trouble .
tr	I	There was a slight thunderclap , and vanished they .
tr	O	Cass shook his head as he stared down at me .
tr	O	Colors of all shades shot past them and above their heads .
tr	O	Cade asked , pulling the collar and its chains from the bag he had slung over his shoulder .
tr	O	But he resisted offering a prayer to the gods for help .
tr	O	A brilliant white glow grew behind us .
tr	I	The trench was carefully sited no farther from the central trunk than the of reach the branches .
tr	O	' Rabbi , where is the Rabbi ' ?
tr	O	He looks at me and I nod for reassurance .
tr	I	He bowed down and then reached for my hand then and kissed it .
tr	O	Which was just as well , because he had an important phone call he needed to make .
tr	I	I snarled in his mind , increasing pain the in his head .
tr	I	To my father he was the ideal figure for Rogue a king .
tr	O	Didn 't you say you thought there was a connection there ?
tr	I	Even though she had tried to anticipate it , emotion the had blindsided her .
tr	I	Left him nothing but a and note a pillow .
tr	O	We call it retrograde amnesia .
tr	I	The memory of his blood on the porch , on her bare foot when she stepped in it , heavily weighed on Callie 's mind .
tr	I	And my life these past two years , sober and alone and unlike hurting anything I thought was possible .
tr	O	Despite his peculiar offer of the night before , Elaina was glad to see that Cade was still between her and Darin .
tr	O	And , since he deals with the inner workings of it all , he 's rather jaded on the whole thing .
tr	O	I said , because we were .
tr	I	They took off in heavy and fog broke into the beautiful , warm sunshine at 1,000 feet .
tr	O	Jamie will be the happiest of all .
tr	I	She was more experienced now than when faced she Gremlin .
tr	I	She stood up , and her pale blue dress drifted her around shapely thighs .
tr	I	And you don 't have any solid proof about my brownies being spiked , only what I told you when were we high .
tr	I	But he 'd been always the master .
tr	I	The old held man up his hand .
tr	I	She reluctantly and complied turned her head to the side .
tr	O	Mark lifted the coin reverently and unscrewed the top , setting each piece down beside the laptop .
tr	O	He sat near the end of the wall , near the names of those killed in 1972 .
tr	O	His thick biceps rippled , sending a wave along his textured skin .
tr	O	If she wanted to be alone , he would accept her wishes , even if it meant he would never see her again .
tr	I	she up shouted at the ceiling .
tr	I	Tonight , I wouldn let 't Brandon out of my sight .
tr	I	And she was fifteen years younger than was he .
tr	O	I doubted Commander Tork had told him about the projection , so I decided to keep quiet and see where the conversation led .
tr	I	Elizabeth noticed hardly any of this .
tr	I	I thought of proposing her by seeing her directly , but I postponed it every time being afraid of her to answer it .
tr	I	The black was rider gone .
tr	O	We 've got too much else to worry about .
tr	O	On one side she wore an ear dangle , a loop of thin twine strung with beads then hung over the ear .
tr	I	I went through stopped and before the receptionist 's desk .
tr	I	The Chastity curse was bad enough , she 'd be damned she if 'd let them choose her friends too .
tr	O	She reached up to touch the hard lines of his face .
tr	O	She takes off in flight again .
tr	O	When I noticed that the door was still broken and just wedged shut , I went from angry to full-on pissed .
tr	I	He walked down the road wagon to the woods keeping an eye out for turkeys .
tr	I	Hamilton ran hand a through his hair .
tr	I	She reached up grasp to the flaky residue that still clung to her hair .
tr	I	He stopped , pivoted , the steely determination shining from eyes his in a matching shade of the silver threading his temples .
tr	I	They frightened looked at if one of them left her on the sofa or one of the armchairs chance by but she nor was there .
tr	O	She waved and hollered along with the crowd .
tr	I	Her heart and soul him recognized .
tr	I	About every third or fourth day Billy would all find of his chores done .
tr	O	Now she was looking at Brian as if he were a suspect .
tr	O	Christopher turned to face the lioness to the left flank ; Tucker did the same to the right .
tr	I	Then he turned out onto the street screeched and away .
tr	O	In a different cage , Dalton rested his forehead against his folded hands .
tr	I	Porcine as well , what but the hell ?
tr	I	Now it was rushing with so steam viciously she could barely get near it .
tr	I	Ascending the darkened stairs returned he to his own apartment .
tr	O	That is , unless he resisted , in which case he must die before his fans , and the body would have to be destroyed completely .
tr	O	Max chased pigeons as they walked , squealing in excitement when he nearly caught one .
tr	I	All I felt was numb and yet strangely secure as Cade me held closer to his side .
tr	O	I had thought how wonderful it would be to explore the slopes on horseback .
tr	O	Are you deaf or something ?
tr	O	He is silent for a moment , then rolls over so that we are facing each other .
tr	O	But no one knows your cases as well as you do .
tr	I	There rules are , but we 're not all monsters .
tr	O	Could he have made things smoother ?
tr	O	Her eyes spoke more than her words could .
tr	I	All her and survival combat training screamed that they were being watched .
tr	I	Tarn 's reaction to my myself draping in diamonds at his expense would be priceless .
tr	O	No , he delivered and he delivered right away .
tr	O	Quinton I messed up badly .
tr	O	Yes , to match and harmonize with his black suit .
tr	O	Usually doctors kept introducing themselves and expected you to remember them .
tr	I	Says this disappeared it , and I collapsed dormant .
tr	I	Don 't get me wrong , if died I at any second , I 'd die a happy girl .
tr	I	We were near a beach it and hurt my arm as we ran to escape from someone .
tr	I	Even as shone it brightly , it could not quite chase away all the remaining chill .
tr	I	There are competing emotions , and it 's hard to tell which are mine and belong which to the medication .
tr	O	Their unexpected visit surprised the boy and he stared at them puzzled .
tr	O	He took hold of Zeb and Nate 's hands on either side of him .
tr	O	Only in some places , the leather 's scuffed almost down to nothing .
tr	I	It always 'd been her .
tr	I	Now , the hearing words , they felt right .
tr	O	I push higher in my bed , scurrying to the wall and rising in a seated position as I stare about .
tr	O	Robert silently estimated their numbers to be close to seventy in total .
tr	O	He could not argue with that .
tr	O	It got into everything , her bed , the food , even the water .
tr	O	The ship was technologically state of the art , no expense having been spared .
tr	I	She sighed , wiped her away tears with the back of her hand and looked at Daisy .
tr	O	Elaine Billings obediently responded .
tr	O	And why didn 't he use it ?
tr	I	The archived tax records had a been dead end .
tr	O	He is a study in angles and shadows , tall and lean with a wiry grace that makes me think of a cat stretching on a fence .
tr	I	I reveled in the feel of his chest against my cheek for a moment long , inhaling the intoxicating scent I had come to realize was Caden .
tr	O	There was nothing really to hold him here .
tr	I	Lina 's eyebrows arched up as if she were trying with all might her to pick up something heavy .
tr	I	And the site alone was worth what they 'd paid for Trunk the .
tr	O	I was Grandmother 's favorite .
tr	I	Bishop squeezed the bridge of nose his .
tr	I	He would tell me if something had happened to my daddy ... 't wouldn he ?
tr	I	I feel a little out control of .
tr	I	Polonius , perhaps the first recognize to the possible significance , spoke first .
tr	O	Although he couldn 't fathom what she had to gain in making herself look bad by losing the people she 'd been assigned to watch .
tr	I	Calming , cheerful , inviting , decorated in yellows blues and .
tr	I	Picking up her glass , swirled she the red liquid in the glass as she 'd seen wine connoisseurs do on television .
tr	I	Oliver Russell tried to me get to use Ecstasy once .
tr	I	I gave him curt a nod as I passed him , taking my plate to the dish racks in the kitchen .
tr	O	He held it so firmly that it hurt , but when she tried to twist away , he only tightened his hold .
tr	O	Claudia , my Aunt on my mother 's side , thought the computer was a tool of the devil .
tr	I	He rubs his head , his narrowing eyes onto me .
tr	O	Catered deli meats , cheeses , and pastries filled the counters on all sides of them .
tr	I	They were like trails of acid down cheeks her , and she choked back the urge to scream .
tr	I	If he said yes Cissy to , the factory would go elsewhere .
tr	I	They treated like you you were a dog .
tr	O	I bite back the sounds I want to make .
tr	I	If we get there enough early .
tr	I	This pattern has throughout happened history .
tr	O	It had never occurred to him that she might make such an assumption .
tr	I	Before Gareth could formulate a reply , they reached the walls and Gwen mouth 's fell open at what confronted them .
tr	O	The guard caught Sam 's subtle message and rushed to open the door of the automobile .
tr	O	Everywhere his hand touched her skin bloomed to life , tremors of pleasure following the warmth of his fingers .
tr	I	But with every roll of the tires , 's Kylie uncertainty rose .
tr	O	He waved his pistol toward the steps .
tr	O	But the fact remains , The Treatment won 't save everybody .
tr	O	The eerie green light continued to intensify , and as the Big Man reached a hand toward his lead reindeer , the buck turned .
tr	I	What happened to Liv was a tragedy , but 's there nothing tying it to any of this .
tr	O	I was on my feet and running up the stairs two at a time toward Julian 's room .
tr	I	And this time , I know he won 't be coming for back me .
tr	I	A slow from nod the sniper .
tr	I	The kitchen well was stocked , but I didn 't feel like cooking .
tr	I	I turn and start toward house the once again .
tr	O	But I always thought that was just how everybody talks .
tr	I	Perhaps this is what brother his sent him to find .
tr	O	I pulled my attention from the dog and his enthusiastic affection for his master .
tr	I	It 's easy never , finding out .
tr	I	Spencer nudged playfully her .
tr	I	My acts stomach up again .
tr	I	This almost is more scandalous than your usual clothes .
tr	O	And by the way , they are not the only two guys .
tr	I	Maybe she sneak could away and run off to Ireland ?
tr	I	I to try buck him off , but he 's not going anywhere .
tr	O	All except black-haired Ian , whose face was red with anger for some reason .
tr	I	It wouldn 't be the first she time had followed the currents of fog to a bad end .
tr	I	His drew words my eyes up .
tr	I	We 'll have to hit the vehicles fast , taking of anything value as quickly as we can .
tr	I	We were probably teenagers before it happened , but somehow , dynamic our changed .
tr	I	You about know that ?
tr	I	Who knew she 'd get off on decorating cupcakes such and ?
tr	O	The King , underneath the shaded pergola looked dark and menacing .
tr	O	Flattery , noting the effect of the message on Timberlake , felt the jangle of conscience ... and personal fear .
tr	I	It had be to Sutherland .
tr	O	' I wouldn 't do that if I were you . '
tr	I	He 'd stop in the spa some for healing supplies .
tr	I	Devin grinned and I shoved him playfully I as raised an eyebrow at him .
tr	I	What do see you ?
tr	O	Too tense to sit still , Francesca got to her feet again .
tr	O	Simon could have easily lied and agreed , but he answered honestly .
tr	O	There were several dark shapes , all standing , all swaying , people swaying and humming .
tr	I	Karl smiled and wistfully patted Devlin on the shoulder .
tr	O	He slammed my head against the Plexiglas on the word slut .
tr	I	# I went to the nearest dome to look around , see to what might still be there after a third of a century .
tr	O	They headed towards the Priory .
tr	I	She moved two boxes large aside to get at the medium-sized one that looked right for the contents of the silverware drawer .
tr	I	Eveline 's own was throat clogged with such sorrow that she could barely swallow .
tr	O	Lucas moaned , grabbing a carton of pills .
tr	O	You don 't feel like enough .
tr	O	Joe went to the bar , gave Mike a twenty and then left pulling Dan by the shirt sleeve .
tr	I	I didn 't like Indigo fatalistic 's tone .
tr	I	She got 's a great apartment .
tr	I	It worked out better because I had no how idea the thing was originally put together .
tr	I	A little sunrise after they rode west from the clearing .
tr	I	Just thinking about him me had flustered in the best way .
tr	O	She called out to him again , but he didn 't turn around .
tr	I	She offered the bright same smile she 'd given him in the elevator , and he had the foresight to capture a mental picture this time .
tr	I	Do me a favour : name one of them me after .
tr	I	I had all sorts of trinkets as proof Gabriel of 's affection .
tr	O	He wasn 't looking for strings .
tr	O	He glanced down at his stained , bloody clothes and shook his head .
tr	I	Once they were gone , Amira began her tale , but she not could relate what had really happened with the prince .
tr	I	They railroad crossed tracks , passed huge warehouses and yards full of trucks .
tr	O	An Overland warrior , a son of the sun , - May bring us back light , he may bring us back none .
tr	O	He soon forgot his embarrassment and started to laugh too .
tr	O	On the outside of the golden cage .
tr	O	She pulled open the front door and raced out into the street .
tr	I	A woman long in jeans , a tight-fitting black shirt , a floppy straw hat , and sunglasses meandered around the crowded square .
tr	I	She just needed to time see how much they knew and if it could be traced back to her .
tr	I	I 'm glad you Anna convinced to speak up for herself .
tr	O	Sam and Simon had gone upstairs to check on all of the kids .
tr	I	The soft leather molded to his rear like end it was made for him .
tr	O	Chuck handed the blacksmith figurine back to Alyosha who put it down in his draw .
tr	O	After a few more bites , he and Liam appeared with another plate and a bowl of mashed potatoes .
tr	I	My lungs ached it for .
tr	I	Her mother 's gloomy purple and décor violet were gone , replaced by Ann 's warm pink and beige .
tr	O	No , I wasn 't going to share John 's supposed insight with Maddy and Jules .
tr	O	Her hand reached out , but like a scared child 's hand in the dark , jerked back protectively .
tr	I	Never her in life had she experienced anything as breathtaking as this , and she wanted more .
tr	O	My whole life , they took care of me .
tr	O	She glanced down at her feet and made a mental decision to levitate .
tr	O	Oh , Mary , would he prefer to leave ?
tr	I	She 'd heard plenty of the same rhetoric her in own house growing up .
tr	I	A are couple making out on top of the table which provides a nice bit of cover for what I 'm about to do .
tr	O	He 'd far rather sail than walk , but that couldn 't be helped yet .
tr	I	She made a path across the beam and planted her on feet the railing .
tr	I	The submarine was now lit by beams above from and on the open water side .
tr	I	Quinn extracts carefully himself from the desk and moves it , then sprawls out once again , but this time right next to me .
tr	I	But the are dangers real .
tr	O	Brick opened the letter and proceeded to read .
tr	O	Vetter frowned a bit .
tr	O	Jennifer burst from beside the desk and ran to the screaming girl .
tr	I	I saw him took a handkerchief of out his pocket and wiped the sweat all over my face .
tr	I	He 's not baseball the player , is he ?
tr	I	Apparently , she 't wasn concerned that our resident numbers girl might object .
tr	O	Jyoti didi was complaining about Riya .
tr	I	A small cloth that bag had deteriorated lay beneath .
tr	O	She really did know it .
tr	O	In one more year , they 'd be a year too late .
tr	I	The bathroom inside Winkler 's suite should have been fine just .
tr	I	I try not to appear too pleased the by situation .
tr	I	She could almost have believed he was just being submissive the before woman who would soon become Empress .
tr	I	She leaned back from him and stroked the hair that was now damp with cold away sweat from his forehead .
tr	O	A couple of minutes later , David returned with a bottle of water , two white pills and a briefcase .
tr	I	You are what are you .
tr	I	Whatever her true intentions , words her had started to get a little ridiculous .
tr	I	I 've never of heard it .
tr	I	He added the command telepathically , uncaring if his guest felt the surge of energy accompanying the gift psychic .
tr	I	If I didn 't stop , we would have smashed that into Pinto .
tr	I	She was already panting and moving against his palm , getting as swept away as was he .
tr	O	Reluctantly , Mitch started the Silver Bullet 's engine .
tr	I	Paula , the mom , 't hadn been mentioned .
tr	I	Many times over the year last he 'd regretted his decision to join with them .
tr	O	Did he have to remind her of the humiliating position he 'd found her in earlier ?
tr	O	' Only if you want them to .
tr	O	He turned to Ashley .
tr	I	Eve back pushed from the island .
tr	I	Opening the with door one hand , he pushed me into the room until my back hit the wall .
tr	I	Could they be driven into a by frenzy the smell of blood ?
tr	I	I manage catch to myself at the last second , then grab the ledge of the upper deck as my headache explodes in full force .
tr	I	Amelie thought that about .
tr	O	He said they 'd accept us and welcome our help .
tr	I	' I 'm going to kill you slowly when get I down from here .
tr	O	If he fed ... He groaned at the temptation .
tr	O	It then bolted across the creek in an attempted full assault of my position .
tr	I	I didn 't know that when I met her so it was a surprise when I got to see this whole side other of her .
tr	I	But I 't couldn help but look up at his eyes again .
tr	O	the other man asked in a surprising soft voice for one so large .
tr	I	But Tegan fixed a look of such ferocious denial on me that I stumbled back to the 's tent entrance .
tr	O	Not after the nightmare that was still fresh in his mind .
tr	O	I sucked in breath again at his heinous threat but he continued .
tr	I	Thirty seconds counting and .
tr	I	( is This great ; I can tell you things that I never would if you knew my real name .
tr	O	Raven slipped out of his grasp .
tr	O	Something I am definitely not with you .
tr	I	If one could call bossing the staff around how on to treat the Duke of Tempest raising .
tr	O	I 'm stunned , my arms loose on my lap , my mouth hanging open .
tr	O	My Far is visiting a PhD student stationed at the bottom of the Yat valley , along the banks of the river .
tr	I	Torin was bad for me on some levels many .
tr	I	Lora placed a gentle hand over Tara 's in a form comfort of in her grief .
tr	I	God , perception her was expanding into mind reading .
tr	I	He 't couldn keep this up .
tr	I	Lori felt a lump descend into bottom the of her stomach .
tr	O	She smiled , and Caine felt as if the sun had settled in his heart .
tr	I	A gown well-designed 's supposed to highlight a woman 's best features .
tr	O	Exhausted , relieved , Josie stood up .
tr	O	If it didn 't work the Wright 's had Internet access - even paradise had modern technology .
tr	O	In the small confines of the passageway , the explosion was deafening .
tr	I	There be 'd no security .
tr	I	Chapter 22 The Beginning of the End All thought and emotion vanished momentarily Echo as watched the first of the creatures emerge from the cavern .
tr	O	For the first time she actually felt as if she did belong and she was ready to fight for that right .
tr	I	He 'd caught a momentary shadow to right the of where the light found the water .
tr	I	Her eyes were heavily hooded as she watched me , but I could see the dim white glow radiating them from .
tr	O	It 's noisier than our car , and uncomfortably warm even with the AC on .
tr	I	He nodded out of the girl 's window at waning the blue light .
tr	I	he in asked a whisper .
tr	O	He then looked up into the blazing eyes of the wild young man he had held in such contempt .
tr	I	Now , however , was not time that .
tr	O	Not the sort of spouse a father would choose for his only daughter .
tr	O	All too soon , our question was answered and the bullets sounded and the battle field came alive once again .
tr	O	Writes code for the Ministry of Manna , and makes good money at it .
tr	O	Kate reached down before him , and pinched something shiny .
tr	O	Angie eased past her and went inside .
tr	O	He was bleeding all over and dazed .
tr	O	He killed a French policeman who had been collaborating with the enemy .
tr	I	My backpack sits under the table , but even though we 're slow , I can 't myself bring to open the stupid thing .
tr	I	She Stacy offered a plate .
tr	O	It bled orange , red and amber , over a sheet of cracked glass , each separate pane a slightly different color .
tr	O	That remark gave Jamie pause .
tr	O	He caught hold of her hand , just as Mister and Mrs. Lonely called out to them .
tr	I	Instantly , my screen was full links of to articles about Shane .
tr	O	I never cared much for my celebrity status as the scientist 's daughter .
tr	O	She gasped again , drawing her breath in sharply .
tr	O	he asked , devouring his first piece and starting on a second .
tr	I	One of the men had retrieved the 's Wolf head banner and proudly carried it back to us .
tr	I	If it wasn 't raining , then it was cold , the average high for the around month fifty .
tr	O	Less than an hour ago I called in Vanessa , Tanu , and Dale .
tr	O	Adam led Scarlett onto the dance floor .
tr	O	He kept his eyes closed and the only sounds that came from his mouth were occasional sighs and pleasant moans .
tr	I	He was their best chance escaping of .
tr	O	He straightened and shoved his fingers through his dark hair .
tr	I	He still had his hand pressed to side his .
tr	O	or meet me in the cafeteria kind .
tr	O	Hmmmmm , the internet .
tr	I	I smudged the paint that on fingernail and had to remove it and start over .
tr	O	He opened his eyes looking about the place a bewildered expression in his eyes .
tr	I	I shake my wearily head .
tr	I	I asked , over glancing my shoulder .
tr	I	Some his of earlier anger eased .
tr	I	He bent down to help Teagan pick her up belongings .
tr	I	Emily was bolt upright now , her gathered blanket in her lap as if she meant to run for Brianna that very instant .
tr	I	I turned back to my computer , opening my up email .
tr	O	Jeremy immediately turned , his eyes widening at her complete transformation .
tr	O	The duke smiled , and it was the sort of smile that was filled with the promise of pleasure , sin and mischief all rolled into one .
tr	O	' I was not alone , ' he replied .
tr	I	Cassandra there was , too .
tr	I	She 'd made it through the ceremony without any panic attacks and even looked to forward the reception .
tr	O	He didn 't know what he would do with all these stories .
tr	O	I hadn 't seasoned slowly enough .
tr	O	A woman has a right to look out for her best interests .
tr	O	He couldn 't help but gasp at the sight of her magnificent body .
tr	I	My breathing quickens as I upon look his perfect physique .
tr	O	Her magic was to leave her again .
tr	I	I felt her trembling , her chest going up down and at such pace that worried me .
tr	I	I looked around nervously until I it realized was Officer Leroy 's car engine on idle .
tr	O	He could make a living scavenging for Old World artifacts to sell .
tr	O	He plucked at a couple of curls above his ears then patted them flat .
tr	I	Henry knew Helena would have made he sure received any noteworthy news .
tr	I	It was almost time lunch .
tr	O	Some students were dreading it , but looking forward for it to be over .
tr	I	A little sunlight came from the window and landed on painting the of the sun on the portrait .
tr	I	Next moment I plunged was in despair .
tr	I	' That 's much not of a threat , Lee .
tr	I	In his eyes there recognition was .
tr	I	She prayed her that face wasn 't betraying her emotions .
tr	I	It is a different than pain any blow I 've ever received , different even from a bullet wound .
tr	I	She tasted of wine and prime rib , and beneath that her was own taste .
tr	I	It looked unchanged from the moment I left him over nine months ago , as if preserving would it somehow lengthen the memories he had of me .
tr	O	Grace wiped her tears away and cleared her throat .
tr	I	He 'd looked like his world was about cave to in , and that was because of me .
tr	O	He kissed her furiously .
tr	I	His eyes were practically glowing as looked they into mine with such intensity I squirmed from foot to foot .
tr	I	Everything in my was world lost to necessity .
tr	I	' Just fetch them out again , you will ?
tr	I	I 've heard it 's within spitting of distance the Blackwell estate .
tr	I	Last night ... I felt a laugh desperate rise up in my chest .
tr	O	In the blink of an eye , it all clicked in my head .
tr	O	Cartesian had been stirring in his drug-induced sleep .
tr	O	They stuck to my body like a plaster of paris mold , my lack of junk in the trunk comment aside .
tr	O	I came back one Friday night , frankly , as late as I could make it , only to find I 'd left something behind .
tr	I	And Rand Ayn , but hers was only one .
tr	I	In the icebox of New England winter , it looked like an palace ice .
tr	O	I once told you that our lives were mapped out for us , remember ?
tr	O	More intentional , more ... personal .
tr	I	Sean my breaks gaze and nods .
tr	O	I could see nothing .
tr	I	She me told things , as she lay dying , while I sat helplessly there .
tr	I	Ezra raised his eyebrows he as turned the book towards himself and looked at the entries .
tr	I	When he could get away with it , he didn 't even shave every day , but tonight was there no way around it .
tr	I	One of his hands lay against my cheek , the other curved around waist my .
tr	I	I 'm trying figure to out exactly how I did ' that . '
tr	O	I 'm the one who 's bitter with Ashton for cheating on his girlfriend .
tr	O	Peter took a tentative step forward and placed his ear a few inches from the door .
tr	O	' We used to do all right on the dump .
tr	O	I set my hand over my chest , feeling my heart beat , and I drew in each breath with care .
tr	I	The gravel again crunched under feet his .
tr	O	I 've seen you in action , but I won 't be there with you this time .
tr	I	My hands begin sweat to so I wipe them on my skirt .
tr	O	I glanced at Fletcher , who gave me a tiny nod as he kept arranging the flowers in the jelly jar .
tr	O	The ice in his tone matches the cold feeling in my stomach .
tr	I	At the back of the dining room a was magnificent bar .
tr	I	I wasn 't monitoring even what she watched .
tr	O	' Spite that lightning split it in two last summer , and the wood is mostly dead and rotting .
tr	O	Glancing up , I flinched , seeing Jack standing on my porch .
tr	O	Daniel had been standing next to Heather , holding their baby in one arm and embracing Heather with the other .
tr	O	His lectures about working hard so I could do better than he had .
tr	O	God , I 'm an idiot .
tr	O	-- he was stroking his wife 's face and hair and kissed her .
tr	O	The Jace who had worn her Jace 's skin and face but had been someone else entirely .
tr	O	Uncle Hugh didn 't sound in ill health , but he hadn 't given a precise reason for his call , either .
tr	O	But she did not understand why they would watch her so closely .
tr	I	He grabbed T-shirt the from her hands .
tr	I	Why would he give her up if he her liked ?
tr	I	It covers my mouth so I scream cannot .
tr	I	Dull shockwaves pounded against the inside of my skull like someone repeatedly hitting my with brain a hammer .
tr	O	He wasn 't positive if it could disinfect it , but he was reasonably sure it could .
tr	I	He leaned in to speak to again me .
tr	O	It all sounded good to me , but there was a problem and it was Katarina Fox .
tr	O	If touching the brick wall outside had netted nothing , his primary reaction to walking into his ancestral home was an all-encompassing dividend of self-doubt .
tr	O	His breath became even heavier , as the pressure of his mouth against my skin increased .
tr	I	Allie which wondered response would keep her from being thrown overboard , yes or no .
tr	I	But I thought I detected a note of relief his in voice .
tr	I	If only he were normal a boy I could break up with and walk away from .
tr	O	I nodded back my understanding .
tr	I	The baby I was carrying might know never him .
tr	O	whispered Oliver , at my elbow .
tr	I	I down sat on the stool by the cash register .
tr	I	She smirks , but it forced 's .
tr	I	The beach was dark and the moon hung in sky the above as if waiting to witness the heartbreak about to come .
tr	O	From inside , we could clearly hear that Cherry was hysterical , as Andrew tried unsuccessfully to calm her down .
tr	O	Alec covered his sister 's mouth with his hand as Valentine spared them both a single , amused glance .
tr	O	She shook her head no .
tr	I	A small jolt went through both bunks as Severance full 's weight hit the bottom one .
tr	I	He 'll be worn-out when gets he home .
tr	O	said the news anchorman on the set of his network television studio .
tr	O	Supposedly the police held in their custody a captured agent who spilled the beans on everything .
tr	I	I my searched mind .
tr	O	He could take cover there and ambush the machine , or depending on how close the road was he could call for help .
tr	I	Zinnia as asked she put a pizza in the microwave .
tr	I	She quite was relaxed .
tr	O	She wondered if he hated that as much as she thought he would but she was too dejected to bring it up .
tr	O	Can I help you , miss ?
tr	I	For a nearly month since then , she 'd been waiting for a chance to get closer to him , and that opportunity had come tonight .
tr	O	He took it up front where Oscar was shuffling paperwork for a whole room full of prospects .
tr	O	Each bolt that hit the shield threatened to send him to his knees , but his feet somehow found the ground and pushed him on .
tr	O	She spun just in time to see a figure dashing through a doorway on the west .
tr	I	I have had odds worse , but I spoke quickly to avoid a fight I might possibly lose .
tr	I	And I was okay going with the hard way .
tr	I	Just as start I to sift through my muddled thoughts , though , the elevator dings .
tr	I	But perhaps if they see that Mr White is well guarded will they call off the attack . '
tr	I	Joni winced at the etched pain on his little face .
tr	I	Spencer gazed squarely at the screen TV and narrowed her eyes .
tr	I	It her was coloring that was remarkable .
tr	O	Sitting in the dip of his palm was a large stone .
tr	O	Another excursion and the tram down the hill to the river and the Galata Bridge .
tr	I	Dervish uses bolts of energy magical where he can , his fists and feet when a demon closes in .
tr	O	Ivy used the biggest vial like a mixing bowl .
tr	I	Luc dipped inside his pocket vest .
tr	O	One final hard thrust and he had sent me into pure intoxication .
tr	I	He shrugged with casual strength , muscles rippling , his eyes silver on her beautiful , anxious face .
tr	O	Kelly gave her name to the front desk clerk and he smiled back at her .
tr	I	After a few more minutes , Ruben looks over 's Thomas shoulder .
tr	O	He spun me around to face him .
tr	O	Society answers , their voices echoing across the water .
tr	O	What did she do to you ? '
tr	I	They only made me work one night a week at restaurant the .
tr	O	Movement in my peripheral vision had me jumping at shadows .
tr	O	I like the breeze off the lake .
tr	O	Things are hard enough as it is .
tr	I	Her shaky smile him begged to pretend .
tr	O	Certainly not at the high school or at the historic inn where she was to meet her mother for lunch .
tr	I	Do I as say .
tr	O	Liza folded Mirabella 's large ear back toward her and spoke into it as though into a megaphone .
tr	I	Dirt was permanently ingrained in skin that was mostly chapped , my and fingernails weren 't too clean , either .
tr	I	That was all she about cared .
tr	O	He tried to shout out , but the tube in his throat didn 't allow it .
tr	I	For a moment , he sat silence in before beginning the second movement .
tr	I	I turned back my to him and stormed off to the bathroom , flipping on the shower so steam started to billow around my feet .
tr	O	This must be the servants ' quarters .
tr	I	The brothers commenced again to brawling .
tr	I	Not mention to useful .
tr	O	She appeared to be such a cautious little thing , locking her doors like a good little girl .
tr	O	If you 're there like Josue says you are .
tr	I	I 'm going to drive you the to airport .
tr	I	Her hand holding the cane followed different a circumference when she reached the ninety degree mark in her flip .
tr	I	I called him and over paid the bill .
tr	I	His lifted heart a little .
tr	O	She closes the door and slides one of the shelves aside to reveal a safe .
tr	I	Outside , Falconer held the weapon up display to it .
tr	I	It is now obvious both to of us that there could be something not quite right with me , but that I am definitely not mad .
tr	I	Finally she tugs me free and I land on top of her , of both us falling to the ground .
tr	O	Isn 't that what the constables and Bow Street are for ?
tr	O	Why he had gone all the way to Hilton Head to meet with people for a weekend .
tr	O	Catching me in an embrace , she kissed both my cheeks .
tr	I	My is ability what makes me halfway cool .
tr	O	I asked myself , but I couldn 't explain it to me .
tr	I	Taking deep a breath , she yanked the door open .
tr	I	They agreed that to leave decision the to an independent consultant , that 's you , Doctor Light .
tr	O	It 's been years to us but not to them .
tr	I	I rush to as say the ocean begins to bleed away into the sand .
tr	I	It might even be that Cesare in his arrogance would think Ezio beaten , even dead on the road , carrion like .
tr	O	She 's hot and wet .
tr	I	It 's in kitschy a fifties , alien sort of way .
tr	O	Shelton asks the man .
tr	I	She missed her every mom day .
tr	O	A wall of instruments he had no desire to ever use .
tr	O	Lisa 's face reddened .
tr	O	It had nothing to do with my father and his religious ways , instead it was a matter of having experienced death before .
tr	O	She hadn 't noticed that Sabine didn 't exactly talk back much .
tr	I	If you would like to share this book with another person , purchase please an additional copy for each recipient .
tr	I	Antonia mouth 's dropped open .
tr	I	He flung the Quest and all his decisions away , and and fear doubt with them .
tr	O	He nodded , although she doubted he was listening .
tr	O	Thank you so very much for your service .
tr	I	Could you take to me a cantina where I can sit among the common people ?
tr	O	Somehow they 'd crawled too far .
tr	I	David is still extremely busy , so the over next few days , we fall into a routine .
tr	O	He had never been one to come on heavy with any woman .
tr	O	We get the entire circle to use and move around in .
tr	O	Too many of the tiny nerves in her own body were dead .
tr	O	He would open up a checking account in his name and have the money transferred to him each month .
tr	I	The pain inside me felt too real , and I really couldn 't imagine it away going .
tr	O	He 'd be damned if he was going to let it slip through his fingers .
tr	O	And twenty-five of those will end up killing themselves .
tr	O	The key slid in and he turned it effortlessly .
tr	O	He had to make a second trip upstairs to carry down all her luggage .
tr	O	He had to be .
tr	O	This time he fell forward onto the halyard and jarred his chin on the boom , but managed to hold onto the sail crank with one hand .
tr	I	asked Walter Jenkins , less concerned about the well-being of people who wouldn 't even be born before a long passed time .
tr	O	After a short delay , the Cobras lowered their weapons .
tr	O	In fact , he was slowing down , heading towards the main street that edged the heart of the city .
tr	O	Yet he knew he could not remain forever a slave to his grandfather 's dream as his father had ever been .
tr	I	I couldn wait 't to move out there .
tr	O	I wasn 't ready to beg for his help yet .
tr	I	She could still feel touch the of his lips like a brand .
tr	O	You 're certainly worth it and so is our friendship .
tr	I	I wiped my again face .
tr	I	Taking a vial of liquid from his pocket , he pours something over the nearest and victim then lights a match .
tr	I	Vin raised her book as the daggers real followed .
tr	I	He stared just back at her .
tr	I	Malik , too , was much very on edge .
tr	O	I turned on my heel and rushed to the Bullpen .
tr	O	There is a huge bridge that takes the highway east to west over the river and into the heart of St. Louis .
tr	O	' So , they don 't want you asking questions . '
tr	O	She felt a sensual pull toward him that was undeniable .
tr	I	She resisted for a moment and then buried her head in his shoulder as the sobs started her racking body .
tr	O	If they realized they had the son of a politically influential family in their grasp ... The horrendous possibilities were unthinkable .
tr	I	' I wish hadn you 't .
tr	I	Varia didn deny 't it .
tr	O	The growing season was already well along , and she wasn 't sure what kinds of plants might be available .
tr	O	Jason pulled her arm .
tr	I	Colin had never seen the dog when he at least didn 't thump his tail and he felt something through slice his gut at the sight .
tr	I	It been 's a very long time since I 've been this sober and I feel so lost and disoriented .
tr	I	It 's about becoming a partner the in medical practice .
tr	O	His parents were posh and hers were weird .
tr	O	She cleared her throat .
tr	O	Two layers spun in opposite directions : one spun left to right , the other right to left .
tr	I	And then my phone ringing started .
tr	O	Sue looked lovely in her sky-blue silk with fitted lace bodice and full skirt .
tr	I	' Now up stand . '
tr	O	Larry 's face was a study in tension .
tr	I	Alex opened his eyes and before him all the wildflowers were full in bloom .
tr	O	Raphael took the door handle and pushed .
tr	O	It 's not like I can tell him that , though .
tr	I	I didn 't say any more that than .
tr	I	There weren 't too many people who would be by stopping this late at night .
tr	I	As well developed as his own abilities were he wasn 't as of confident their own success .
tr	I	You know , they really weren 't good enough for me , I don 't know what I thinking was .
tr	O	Reflections danced and whirled , pictures and futures that might be , a kaleidoscope of faces .
tr	I	He also ended story the telling her of his fear of her finding out and pulling away from him .
tr	O	I shift in my chair .
tr	O	I was very happy with that name .
tr	I	She barked my name again and my brain finally clued in that should I just get whatever this was over with .
tr	O	Bethany clutched the camera hanging around her neck .
tr	O	His fingers brush the side of my cheek .
tr	I	Hutch wasn 't good at small talk , and it always seemed to take him a while feel to comfortable with her .
tr	O	But they were alive .
tr	I	Jac threw a cheeky at grin the lad sitting beside his father on the opposite bunk .
tr	I	You probably don 't know who Norman Rockwell is , but it the 's kind of place he would 've painted .
tr	O	Don 't worry about it .
tr	O	William walked next to Melinda , at human speed , back to the front of the bookstore .
tr	O	Her head felt fuzzy and she was having trouble paying attention to what Nora was saying .
tr	I	The game seemed silly very now .
tr	O	They spread on ahead of us , up toward some sharp rises in the land that turned into sandy red cliffs studded with rocks .
tr	I	But , sharp one call to him brought his reality crashing back .
tr	O	The ground was shaking .
tr	O	Here you go , puppy dog .
tr	I	Perry his gritted teeth until they hurt .
tr	I	She wore the determined same smile as before when he returned .
tr	I	Keep your mind on what are you doing , focus !
tr	I	She danced there in that paneled colonial room with the all old furniture .
tr	O	He pushed out a shaky breath , and it fanned my lobe .
tr	I	The of two them left the cage and shut it .
tr	O	Jason was already in the kitchen , checking the contents of the picnic basket , when she sauntered in from her bedroom .
tr	O	Perhaps they simply got tired of being good guys .
tr	I	I leaned into him , resting the top of my head against his chest -- a move that was half embrace , half tackle defense .
tr	I	It a was neat little voice .
tr	I	She was still shaking and shocked and needed get to indoors .
tr	O	A cool breeze was blowing in from the Virginia coastline when we reached the landing strip .
tr	I	She yanked her arm free his of grasp .
tr	O	He ran his hand over it like an adoring father who had found a long-lost child .
tr	I	That doesn surprise 't me .
tr	O	Then , at night , when everything else was dark , the tower 's windows blazed with light , a hellish inferno of illicit , demonic activity .
tr	I	At least she could use this investigation to once prove and for all she could keep work separate from her personal life .
tr	I	Every movement conveyed frustration his and anger .
tr	I	Claire was to free meander round the old house and lose herself in the splendour of an earlier era .
tr	I	There , we 'll build shelters out of and branches salvaged brick , and finally find a place for ourselves .
tr	O	Agent Lowell wasn 't quite as relaxed as he appeared .
tr	I	His hand flattened against the wood of door the .
tr	I	Loren 's were parents traitors and had to die , but he was all alone .
tr	O	Dan held his hand out toward him .
tr	O	His green eyes were full of hurt .
tr	O	That was al I could think .
tr	O	I take another bottle of water and begin to hand it to Robert as a spray of bullets bounce against the car .
tr	O	Shortly after midnight at a post-game party at a classmate 's house , Hollister discovered her ex-boyfriend passed out cold in an overstuffed La-Z-Boy .
tr	I	Her looked eyes bruised .
tr	O	Egwene made her decision .
tr	O	Most of the horde had rushed up slope to meet it , but a significant minority were content to wait and let it come and take them .
tr	I	I no have desire to go back there , I can tell you .
tr	O	He didn 't like being talked down to .
tr	O	Everything from that point onward happened in a daze .
tr	I	The rounds available for the weapon voice-activated are and include a variety of specialty munitions .
tr	O	Thankfully , she didn 't .
tr	O	I licked my lips and put my cigar beside Dom 's in the ashtray .
tr	I	I ... I had a bad experience with man a and for a moment , I was back there .
tr	I	Of course you 't don .
tr	O	She picked up one letter and began to read .
tr	I	My hand free flailed and I grasped fabric ... yes .
tr	O	He looked at the beautiful woman that was cradled in his arms .
tr	O	The family seated on the end didn 't bother to hide their annoyed looks when Gerald started to slide past them .
tr	O	They met at half past nine on the morning how they discussed it .
tr	I	Still , he worked around beautiful women all the time and himself held in check .
tr	O	That was his career , or lack thereof , summed up in a single sentence by a man with marinara sauce on his tie .
tr	O	I take a deep breath and hold it in an attempt to relieve some of the pressure that is building in my chest .
tr	I	I wanted to walk down the with street him .
tr	O	I could feel the heat of his body behind me as he placed his hands on the counter on either side of me .
tr	I	She tilted the screen away from us as a page on popped the screen .
tr	O	To his horror , the little girl did not hesitate nor falter , but ran directly off the edge and plunged down after the falling troll .
tr	O	It always seemed such a strange and far off event I never thought about what it would be like to actually die .
tr	O	A hundred troops were a lot for the small space .
tr	I	We took our seats and I introduced Dee the to regulars at our table .
tr	O	An especially necessary job should the wind go completely dead , and if the sun was traveling high in the sky at the time .
tr	O	Why were The Operatives no longer allowed in the East Wing ?
tr	O	Blake headed back toward the front of the mountain .
tr	I	The crash is like a bomb , sent off into wonders the above the clouds .
tr	O	Elizabeth stood by the arched window that overlooked the side garden .
tr	I	Alethea asked , her doing best to sound worried .
tr	O	Owen smiled , his violet eyes soft with old memories .
tr	O	Took four men to hold him down .
tr	O	She reached the edge of the basin and shrugged out of the robe almost reluctantly .
tr	O	We 've got to kill him .
tr	I	This was so much difficult more than she ever imagined .
tr	O	I had to cover my tracks and make Russo believe that I never saw the inside of the diary .
tr	O	She was coming to the opinion that maybe she was having more fun with Mr. Spotty .
tr	O	And , the earrings are pinching my tiny earlobes into numbness .
tr	O	Shortly after the incident with Kathy Crenshaw and her baby , Charlotte had met Jason .
tr	O	My heart felt the same way .
tr	O	Joy erased dread and the heavy weight of responsibility in Mikhail 's heart , lifted guilt and replaced it with rapture .
tr	O	The door closed with a clang and breath returned to her lungs .
tr	I	Who was kidding she ?
tr	I	And I tried to get up , almost succeeded too , except my right hand was cuffed to the bed handrail 's .
tr	I	My guns were at side my .
tr	O	It was the sound of racing metabolisms trying to be stifled by their owners .
tr	I	I my kept voice low .
tr	O	And there were other strange things about her .
tr	I	I to push my feet and offer Vel a hand up .
tr	O	he demanded , his voice strong and confident .
tr	I	The claws swiped again at the place where his throat had been a before moment .
tr	I	Thad stood her over .
tr	O	The blue of the sky merged with the sea , to form a continuous blanket over us .
tr	I	Swirling designs short and phrases in the ancient language depict a bustling empire of Undine life .
tr	I	The thirst blood afterward is hellish enough , but the fire itself is death to anyone who gets near it .
tr	O	The chamber looked like a walk-in closet whose ceiling , walls , and floor had been completely covered with foam spires jutting inward from all directions .
tr	O	My hand was shaky taking the cork off the bottle .
tr	O	I want to be at the station a little early tomorrow .
tr	O	She went down for a conference and stayed for the man .
tr	I	Are you certain can you bring aid to my people ? '
tr	I	She here was with him , sitting invisibly beside him .
tr	I	The truth was there right , a scary proposition .
tr	I	But must she 've realized that too because she danced out of his reach with a knowing laugh even as her gaze registered regret .
tr	I	Of course , her senses were too tied up with the handsome man next to her to spend a lot of analyzing time the wine .
tr	I	The price of their freedom was high a one .
tr	I	He tended the too Bunn .
tr	O	* At seven a.m. Lavina escorted a nervous Cathy back into Westerfield Trust Hospital .
tr	I	She could walk the rest of way the .
tr	I	I was back in the woods , and she had knife the .
tr	O	It was strange , how easily and quickly protection could cause destruction .
tr	O	She would have to rectify that .
tr	I	He dropped a credit on card the bill that the waiter brought to their table .
tr	O	Their clothing was basic -- but well crafted .
tr	O	But there was nothing else attached to those emotions .
tr	I	Kadie stared at his back , why wondering she was so shocked .
tr	I	All of gone them .
tr	I	In the chaos , I spotted Calvin , who towered over everyone else in room the .
tr	O	He 's gorgeous , I admit to myself .
tr	I	Raine screamed and fired but by that he time was falling .
tr	I	She her used telepathic connection with Josef to let him know he was in huge trouble .
tr	I	He leaned still closer , and two of his fingers curled around one tendril of her brown hair that had shaken from free the helmet .
tr	I	Snow swirled , stinging my face and me blinding .
tr	I	They can enslave with you a glance .
tr	I	I already had the thing open , and I could see that it contained nothing more than thin a scrap of paper .
tr	I	His brisk stride carried him past her and straight into den the .
tr	I	The water on the outsides refused run to east to west and vice versa .
tr	I	She played with her soggy grilled cheese not sandwich eating much .
tr	O	Big Ed and I stuffed some of his old clothes with other old clothes and made a dummy .
tr	I	Adding such complexity to something that could be so was straightforward exactly what he was working against .
tr	O	You also said my confidence .
tr	I	A moment she later turned and disappeared again .
tr	I	She didn 't time have to track down truant grad students .
tr	O	They exchanged conversation for a few minutes and after a while the dealer felt comfortable enough to give Jed the name and phone number he needed .
tr	I	Must very be convenient .
tr	O	Without a word , he holds up a small bag with a necklace in it .
tr	O	Lyssa stopped her frantic searching of the paperwork and narrowed her eyes .
tr	I	I gave him startled a look .
tr	I	Now that he was getting some bravery , done something worthwhile , and kissed been by the girl of his dreams but he was about to die .
tr	I	Lonnie Freeman never was found .
tr	I	' So 's he here .
tr	I	A pungent , unfamiliar odor marked a tree on their course present .
tr	I	He rolled shoulders his trying to loosen the knots forming in his muscles from the stress of everything that had happened .
tr	O	I am here to love you , to hold you in my arms , to protect you .
tr	I	While Internet the couldn 't give her all the answers , it could help fill in some of the gaps .
tr	I	She needed to that understand quickly .
tr	O	This room in particular showcased items from Grenville 's travels : carpets from the Orient piled the floor , a silk tent hung overhead .
tr	I	FIDO was traveling across the lake bed , using occasional bursts from onboard his jet motor to increase speed .
tr	O	It was all instinct .
tr	I	I 'm just not the type be to idle with my musings unless they 're about some sort of trouble I can fix .
tr	O	She was bleeding heavily , a ragged rip in the clothes of her stomach .
tr	I	The sky now was dark and the moon was just visible rising on the horizon .
tr	O	Ezio unsheathed his sword once more .
tr	I	I knew what was Dex afraid of .
tr	O	It 's amazing what people can do even in difficult circumstances !
tr	O	They went back to their homes and resumed lives that were , overall , uninterrupted .
tr	I	The fact that we 're in my friend house 's , her employer 's house , doesn 't even register .
tr	O	Ben was about to plummet off the cliff with the evil gremlin locked in his arms when John jumped on his back .
tr	I	There was nothing I that could do for Antonio .
tr	I	It was a remote place outside Hollow Downs and many days ' ride from the capital , made which it ideal for privacy .
tr	I	Buck leaned against the back of passenger the seat .
tr	I	When we got through the door , we saw that we had entered part of the assembly robotic area again .
tr	O	He brushed off a few more spines to reveal other titles .
tr	O	She should not be tortured with accusations comparing her with a madman .
tr	O	That 's why I 'm going , no matter what may come .
tr	I	Devon pul ed me in for a hug and felt I like crying for some reason .
tr	O	He probably doesn 't even think of you like that anyway .
tr	O	The guy was having a weird effect on me .
tr	O	Sighing , he leaned up against the wall beside me .
tr	O	Introverts ' Corner was a concept the duo had often discussed , usually after one had been waiting for the other to turn up to the pub .
tr	O	I also knew it was one hundred percent true .
tr	O	My eyes flitted from his face back to the note .
tr	I	As I said , she can be trusted with secrets , and she won 't ... berate you your for own preferences .
tr	I	He parked close to the curb block a down .
tr	O	' Last week as well , I 'm afraid , ' I murmured .
tr	I	I 've been a widow as for long as I care to remember .
tr	I	The last thing I needed was Ashlyn hearing noises that like coming from up here .
tr	O	Even though that snake , James Caldwell , tried to make me out to be a liar .
tr	O	His talk with Milford had settled a number of points in his mind .
tr	I	Then he looked out at the rock sparkling in headlights the .
tr	O	- Nothing special , I am just tired .
tr	I	Rose a asked question .
tr	O	He could be changing the subject because he doesn 't want to answer any more questions about his name .
tr	O	' If empty praise doesn 't please him , what will ? '
tr	O	Ash had kept her too occupied to worry much about it , though .
tr	O	' We are trained to respond in only one way to this symbol . '
tr	I	She kept eyes her closed because she was afraid that he 'd see the fire in her stare .
tr	O	We have to hurry .
tr	I	Her thoughts shot back to Natasha Liam and .
tr	I	The sun seemed to be still the over bell tower in the distance .
tr	O	The button had been pushed .
tr	I	It the was problem he always faced when he sat down to do this .
tr	O	His finger traced down my spine to my tailbone and through the crease , followed the string of the thong .
tr	O	Then he tried to slam the door in our faces , but William slammed his palm on the door and pushed it wide .
tr	I	Hayley at looked us .
tr	I	Nora sitting was there , hunched over , as if waiting for a blow .
tr	O	She breathed the words and knew the desire she felt had to be reflected in her gaze .
tr	I	But even though the were cuts long since healed , every time she had to deal with her father , she felt this phantom pain .
tr	I	The president waved them away angrily and walked to the window , looking out at what had started out beautiful a day but was quickly becoming overcast .
tr	O	He rolled his eyes ; they enjoyed teasing him .
tr	O	Cat grins at me .
tr	O	Alicia put down her glass and put both hands on the table like she was bracing herself for something big .
tr	O	She squirmed slightly , and then collapsed against him ; weakness took hold of her body .
tr	I	Her mother 's voice inside echoed her head .
tr	O	I also met the company that would be under my command and learned their names as well as I could .
tr	O	The men who tried to take us on had no way of knowing who we were .
tr	I	I swallowed hard when looked he away .
tr	I	But Rachel and Lasher Gordon were terribly excited when they came up the ladder , especially Lasher .
tr	O	Avery couldn 't bear the thought of being trapped .
tr	I	I cut her off with a kiss , unable to bear the thought of being from separated this girl for so long .
tr	O	She shook her head .
tr	I	She held the song 's final notes at a volume delicate .
tr	O	He guessed she had a secret to hide , and he was right .
tr	O	She made the sandwich , mumbling like a junior Ann , and at the last moment included an extra pickle .
tr	I	When Kylie y final went to sleep , she 'd dreamed .
tr	I	Then she spiraled back down , and his mind was his again own .
tr	I	I knew it was the last mirror because the it reflection gave back was perfect .
tr	I	Julian hated that he 't hadn been able to find Camille 's dress .
tr	I	The new girl in Facebook his profile picture .
tr	I	The of feel her smooth , warm flesh under his palm tempted him to explore , but he resisted .
tr	I	I feel tugging of my dress hear then , tearing of my skirt .
tr	I	It a was good way to say goodbye .
tr	O	He is certainly a good dancer she thought as they glided around the floor .
tr	I	In the main room , the shop 's front door opened and closed , Vin and heard Breeze bid hello to the apprentice on watch .
tr	I	I 'd written Hadley long off ago .
tr	I	Her blue eyes radiate the fear is Zelda feeling .
tr	I	There were always many , many people children both and grownups .
tr	I	Well , that makes of two us .
tr	I	I check pulse his with my fingertips .
tr	I	Wilf says , to trying get his eyes to meet mine .
tr	I	He shook her , and she stiff bolted .
tr	I	Danny himself pulled together .
tr	O	The Village of Autumn , The Mine District , The Fourth Realm .
tr	O	Not well known but he was said to like soldiers .
tr	I	Elias kept hitting balls the in one by one .
tr	O	Maybe I can come in early tomorrow , she thought .
tr	I	Angelina snarled at him , unleashed she a rage , hot and mean and without a grain of reason , to protect her vulnerability .
tr	I	I rolled around in bed for hours , unable to thinking stop about Calvin and the intensity of feelings I had experienced .
tr	O	Bart sounded a little frantic .
tr	O	' Don 't you think perhaps that you could try to look past the nose , maybe see his personality , rather than his exterior ? '
tr	I	So now she nursed him through the long , dark hours of her grief , back taking from him the comfort she had always given .
tr	O	Yet she was an attractive person , drawing a little more attention from men than she thought was best .
tr	I	The boss put him on stage and made him sing to patrons the that night .
tr	O	If you wan na plug in your phone , you can .
tr	I	You lost all your memories , everything that you know of yourself , except your to ability do your work .
tr	O	She didn 't have a clue what some were .
tr	O	Polly allowed her inner demon bits to infuse her with the strength she needed to shred the claw to pieces .
tr	O	It is due to be shipped out to the Denver site in a couple weeks .
tr	I	I bowed head my .
tr	I	They sat for an hour , trading and drinks loosening up as the sun went down and darkness settled outside .
tr	I	He stepped aboard , turned off the alarm , opened and the starboard door .
tr	O	I 'm so sorry that all of this has happened to us .
tr	I	He didn 't mind the pain ; would he heal fast enough .
tr	I	He refuses to discuss the murder he committed either with myself and my officers or the psychologists and probation officers that attempted have to work with him .
tr	O	She 'd come to plead her case before the judges .
tr	I	I got of my bike and tried to lift into myself the air .
tr	I	Gwen came her to side .
tr	I	They were prepared to defend her - to fight for her - even though she 't didn remember who any of them were .
tr	I	You even took my hand as you walked me to the door , something you never had done before .
tr	I	Other than charred the hunk of junk that used to be my truck .
tr	I	The locals had been busy the during night .
tr	O	He needed to relax her first .
tr	I	Satisfied and without a word , he her carried out .
tr	I	He was standing against the wall facing the restroom with his arms crossed over chest his studying me .
tr	O	T.J. whispered something into Trenton 's ear , and he nodded .
tr	I	He grinned with self-confidence put-on .
tr	O	It wasn 't anything he did ; it was something that he was .
tr	I	He a was coward .
tr	I	Stay in this place long enough and you might forget which is one really you , she thought .
tr	I	They 're so slow that sometimes movement is imperceptible nearly .
tr	O	She could hear her breathing , erratic and uncontrollable .
tr	O	I come out into a big waiting room with locked doors .
tr	I	She had seen the thing in of front her before .
tr	I	You don 't look like her , don you 't act like her and you feel nothing like her .
tr	I	There then came four pops tiny .
tr	I	I wondered if that mentioning the Alchemists had no records of vampire hunters - not in several centuries , at least - would be helpful or not .
tr	I	Her were eyes large and dark and serious .
tr	O	For most it wears off after a while .
tr	I	She hadn 't expected it ... She felt herself to the of tips her fingers .
tr	I	Kevin was surprised ; eyes soon his revealed sudden awareness of who Sara was .
tr	I	I 'd been on raised that look .
tr	I	Sandy and Oliver Jeb and his other pals were cruising around , standing by , waiting until someone called them and told them where I ended up .
tr	O	Either somebody 's feeding Max information about me or he 's a mind reader .
tr	I	My only interest in is saving the people of planet Earth .
tr	O	Shane smiled at the agents and continued down the hall as instructed .
tr	I	I unwrapped the blade , was which swaddled in various items of clothing I had woven on previous visits .
tr	O	But where that classroom had appeared cold and austere with posters that admonished good study habits and responsibility , this room spoke of cheer and happiness .
tr	I	I 't couldn explain how it felt to stand in the early morning sunlight .
tr	O	Maybe I just like ... people .
tr	O	Avoid the reality of realtors and buyers .
tr	I	I 'd reached the farm only just ahead of a renewed English assault to the retake farm .
tr	I	He may well as have .
tr	O	She shook her head .
tr	I	She never forgot that important very half !
tr	I	I see it every damn time you look at me and it me killed knowing that I was hurting you .
tr	I	It might mar the picture , it but would preserve her reputation .
tr	I	He stood there , mesmerized by her kiss as train the pulled away .
tr	O	Hell itself has come ! '
tr	O	There is no glory in this war , only despair .
tr	I	Not even to bothering seem anxious .
tr	O	She was back almost immediately .
tr	I	Her answer genuine sounded .
tr	I	A stillness fell them over when they 'd finished .
tr	I	The stresses of military life had up broken plenty of marriages in the squadron .
tr	O	Maybe he could get a haircut before Hutton blew into town .
tr	I	I had a feeling 'd you want to take him when you found out what was happening .
tr	I	It was probably best to get him out of the shot little a just in case he felt the need to faint again .
tr	O	Aly hopped off me , dipped down to peck me on the lips just as fast .
tr	O	Maybe Lorena would be completely dissolved by the time they started to clean the pool in the spring .
tr	I	He said he sorry was , but he won 't be in the office until later , and he said you needed them for your meeting .
tr	I	' I 'll take all the help I get can . '
tr	I	Jake was aware that everyone had been glancing from him to Nicole as they 'd argued , as if a watching tennis match .
tr	I	If you are both at the same restaurant or bar or whatever , he is under a court order to immediately leave .
tr	I	Her mind reached to his , but his tightened arms around her .
tr	O	It 'll take hours to sterilize the plane .
tr	O	He seemed more stupid than dangerous .
tr	O	I knew it was past midnight by the sound of the generators .
tr	O	Could he follow the light , then ?
tr	I	She raced through the rest of the measurements , then went back to what she 'd been before doing .
tr	O	Heck , I might not even see Monday for al I knew .
tr	I	When my fingers trailed down his abdomen to the line of hair below his navel , sat he up .
tr	I	Shane left his shoulders from fall their tense position .
tr	O	Darby peeked at Eamon , who shrugged .
tr	I	His expression seems more lucid than when tried he to strangle me , but it 's still not one that belongs to him .
tr	O	- No , they just stuck to the plan .
tr	I	Nina sat fingering the doll shawl , surrounded by her entourage -- Tutu and her latest purse trainee dog .
tr	O	She gave me a saucy wink .
tr	I	Meanwhile , she had three thoughts in mind and al of were them clear .
tr	O	He was off to the other guests by the time Celeste had joined the women .
tr	I	She loved interior design , loved the challenge of making a home both beautiful and functional , as well as suited the to owner 's character .
tr	I	Kyle came up her behind .
tr	I	Lucy slowly to rose her feet .
tr	I	We can talk the in car .
tr	I	That would end your quickly problems .
tr	I	I 'm sure we can him bring on board . '
tr	O	Jim defeated and Ginny 's ice thawed , in one fell swoop .
tr	O	It 's still early and the corridors in this more populated section are relatively deserted .
tr	I	When Bo final y raised himself up off the deer and at looked me , I kept my eyes trained tightly on his .
tr	I	He wished it had come from asshole the the police were carting away , but he knew it hadn 't .
tr	O	She came from Ukraine and grew up with danger .
tr	I	Brooke resolved to lure here Brittany with her once things settled down after the wedding .
tr	O	The dress she was wearing had been peeled off in small frayed clumps , revealing a long white gown underneath .
tr	O	I tossed the emery board on the counter behind me in disgust and glanced out onto the empty lobby .
tr	I	He didn 't have anything to Chancellor be of over me .
tr	O	I was one of the most powerful shamans in the world .
tr	I	I to want figure out what happened to my mom .
tr	I	Since you 're the bigger person physically -- and , I hope , mentally -- you need to start acting it like .
tr	I	The stench of alcohol and sweat me engulfs and , with every contact of skin , I see omens .
tr	I	We 'd been so connected and needy , almost desperate with how much 'd we wanted each other .
tr	I	She glances around the coffee shop as if she expects a to ghost pop out of one of the paintings .
tr	I	It wasn a 't secret .
tr	I	She sounded a little tipsy , I had to hard try to refrain from giggling at her .
tr	O	I take it without saying anything and start ripping it apart .
tr	I	Life was bitch a like that .
tr	O	I was wincing when I reopened them , bracing myself for her questions .
tr	O	Pretend you didn 't notice , and then you 'll see her looking at you different .
tr	O	At least until he notices the blender I 'm carrying .
tr	I	I opened the wallet , and regretted immediately it .
tr	I	Potted plants and dazzling sunshine are her only company as she caresses a year sixty-three old photograph of an offspring who must remain a stranger .
tr	I	Calvin kissed lightly me and left the room .
tr	I	I held the umbrella over him , wondering if there was anything I do could .
tr	I	He went in on Greek .
tr	O	He 'd drive to Nikolas 's house and park on the street .
tr	O	She screamed as his hands closed around her waist , saw stars as her head hit the ground .
tr	O	But he covered his reaction with cool poise .
tr	O	Maybe it would be smarter for us to start learning some African languages , if they 're at all similar .
tr	O	Their nuptials provided a plausible pretext for some like-minded lords to gather .
tr	I	He simply could afford not to get caught lying .
tr	O	He opened his mouth to reply and found himself saying nothing , his face turning warm .
tr	I	Seeing us side by side , I now saw my resemblance uncanny to her .
tr	I	Brick felt somehow this justified his daily naps amongst the rubbish .
tr	I	He started to peel off robe her .
tr	O	I watched a small family filter in and steadied myself to do the same .
tr	I	Your peopled didn 't find the money , Chris , we because weren 't selling weapons big brother ... we were buying them .
tr	I	Howie was surprisingly relieved at that , although he knew that Dianna was single , he had never really bothered to inquire Melissa about .
tr	O	Mike took a long drink from his coffee cup .
tr	O	Jason grabs his chair , takes a breath and closes his eyes .
tr	O	He settled into the seat , his gaze ravenous as it swept over her glorious features .
tr	I	Then paused he a moment and listened more carefully to the conversation .
tr	O	I could not think , but I thought I should pray .
tr	O	I felt his kisses move up , slowly , deliberately , driving me crazy .
tr	O	With a promise that he 'd let her know that weekend when he came over , he rang off .
tr	I	Glad wore I the boots .
tr	I	' Because I will kill you you if don 't , ' Bri said pushing the blade further into her skin .
tr	O	She lay on the bed with the book in her hand .
tr	O	One by one I poured them into my mouth .
tr	O	Brielle shouts , clapping her hands like this is great news .
tr	I	He didn 't know how it long had lasted -- how much time it took the pain to fade away .
tr	O	Catherine had rarely seen him in a more cheerful frame of mind .
tr	I	I didn want 't to be second to my sister , but since he thought I was her , I wasn 't doing anything wrong .
tr	O	The killer searched the body and missed the documents .
tr	I	It also Candice provided with another opportunity to soak up the atmosphere .
tr	I	Through the thick of haze his lust for her , he managed a grin .
tr	I	I felt his eyes devour me I as moved around the room .
tr	I	My leg throbbed as if a thousand pastry knives were jabbing into it over and again over .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure what he meant as he moved past a heap of broken bicycles to another cabinet glass .
tr	I	For most people it flashes by an in instant .
tr	I	A cold little smile his twists mouth .
tr	I	Your cooperation me saves from having to conscript you .
tr	O	The officer turned to the guard .
tr	I	Rome cocked head her at him .
tr	O	You just let them run around together , and the whole pack keeps an eye on them .
tr	O	You went undercover when you were nineteen years old and you pulled it off .
tr	O	She deserved the punishment , knowing she 'd questioned his words with no good reason behind it except her own insecurities .
tr	O	I hadn 't expected to find such an impossibility .
tr	O	I don 't respond .
tr	O	John looked away and focused on the quartermaster as he called another name from the list .
tr	O	Only he didn 't make as good a picture .
tr	I	This trick is out played .
tr	I	He might not always agree with her , but would he listen to her .
tr	O	Cole settled in on the cushion next to me with his legs crossed .
tr	I	Not like the who children have to work in fields and in factories and up chimneys .
tr	O	He tossed the broken instrument at the other side of the wagon , a hollow thumping note echoing from it as it landed .
tr	I	I 'm covered in blood , my suit ripped and with riddled splintered wood and broken bits of metal .
tr	I	I not 'm saying I agree .
tr	O	Then he kissed me senseless , and left the room before I could clear the fog and yell at him .
tr	I	I sheath one and sword pull my last grenade out .
tr	O	Then , I replace the stopper - loosely - and hide it in the bottom of my closet .
tr	I	Josie said , standing half to help .
tr	I	He rolls his eyes smirks and .
tr	O	They both needed time to adjust to each other , make allowances .
tr	O	I wasn 't paying much attention to Olivier .
tr	I	' What if you don get 't up in time ?
tr	I	They found a girl that you haven 't been to able find for three years and you 're going to give them a hard time ?
tr	I	All the time there are inconvenient things happening to you , things that you just off shrug as being a part of life .
tr	O	She would be at work by now .
tr	O	Nevertheless , he did think she would treat him differently .
tr	O	For the rest of the morning I hung out at the frat house .
tr	I	As soon as Maya was upright , Caleb gently the placed baby into her arms .
tr	O	I think they 're al connected .
tr	I	I would heal , but down it here wouldn 't be fast enough .
tr	I	I 'd planned on going inside and sitting in the back , blending in amongst the other patrons as much as possible , and waiting Sean for .
tr	O	The last of her restraint melted away , and when Nick gathered her against his chest , a lifetime of tears poured forth .
tr	O	Prim and sexy , at the same time .
tr	I	I my rolled eyes .
tr	I	Looks like somebody wants sure her privacy .
tr	O	I 'm the sole owner , and I don 't have to have anybody allowing me to do anything . '
tr	O	Duke and I stare at each other , then I nod my head toward the front door .
tr	O	The sight before her was beautiful .
tr	O	The glass in the door rattled when he left .
tr	O	If he wanted me in the picture , he was going to have to change .
tr	O	He closed his eyes for a second or two and then looked back at Camille .
tr	O	He inspected the distribution of the boxes his wife and children had arranged and adjusted the location of five or six of them .
tr	I	Generally , I bring my knitting or I flip through magazines are that months if not years old .
tr	I	I should 've that seen much sooner .
tr	I	I sat there on the couch in the room living , waiting in fear .
tr	I	Just you so know .
tr	O	You make a thing voluntary and then half the people do not do it .
tr	I	Grace asked , peppering him questions with and not waiting for answers .
tr	I	I knew Don that would happily have squeezed the life out of the peer , given the chance .
tr	I	How would you it share ?
tr	O	I hoped that today 's meeting would improve our strained interactions .
tr	O	Nancy cursed under her breath as she spun toward the door .
tr	I	Hemp nodded and began cutting from the feet the up center of the layers of plastic .
tr	I	I my rubbed hand over my forehead , remembering .
tr	I	I wish things would go back to the way they were before I saw ever James .
tr	O	Gracie found it pleasant walking down the pretty little street lined with trees , white fences and freshly mowed lawns .
tr	O	Because this dude was Southern .
tr	I	Not while I am under roof this .
tr	O	They kept her grounded .
tr	I	The lawns had gone into disarray in the ten years we been had gone .
tr	I	' Of course , they go can mental , your occult types , ' it said , as it swooped over the moonlit garden .
tr	I	She was burning in up his arms , goose bumps moving over her skin as he kissed her gently .
tr	O	He gathered her in his arms and tears burned his eyelids .
tr	I	He wondered what had been in the pocket Dylan of 's dungarees and hoped it wasn 't a knife .
tr	I	It took me a long time to fall asleep , and when did I , I could swear I heard a baby cry .
tr	I	But Grayson never said anything but truth the .
tr	I	The warmth of relief was making my muscles almost feel limp , but I nodded .
tr	I	We walked back to the barn , bit a sheepish from having overreacted .
tr	I	I closed eyes my .
tr	O	Panicked , Danny drew water deep into his lungs as he went down .
tr	I	She gazed Colette at with somber eyes .
tr	O	And on the last layer , rushing at her cold and sharp as crystal : Jaime is the dragon .
tr	O	Now that I know exactly what it 's like to take hold of another ability , I 'm more easily able to recognize it .
tr	I	I pushed myself up as much as I and dared groaned under the sudden strain my muscles were feeling .
tr	I	The music stopped and he absorbed her words love of .
tr	O	I closed my own eyes and soon I was dreaming of plummeting off of huge waterfalls .
tr	I	She didn think 't Burnett would disagree .
tr	I	She went to speak to her , to demand she what knew , but then a loud exploding sound came from the house .
tr	I	Human beings could and lie robots be instructed .
tr	O	Perhaps it was the result of the blood he had given her .
tr	I	Nick smiled and stepped the to starboard cockpit window .
tr	O	I certainly did not want to speak nor did I want to tear my new garments .
tr	O	He knew it was going to take more than just showing up every day to get her to talk with him .
tr	O	Blood painted the cemetery grass .
tr	I	Hawk at looked his mother .
tr	O	He shook his head .
tr	I	There were more no words .
tr	I	' Logic nothing is to be ashamed of . '
tr	O	This was by design of Lucifer , of course .
tr	I	* Even though we hadn 't co-ordinated our stories , both Pat and I had enough sense to stay clear of mentioning the angel anyone to .
tr	I	Chapter The Nine factory was loud and busy .
tr	O	I watched him , begging him with my eyes .
tr	O	They didn 't need to know that .
tr	O	Ashamed when she should only be proud of what she had accomplished , thriving amid darkness , as Olivia had said .
tr	O	He looks up at me like I 'm a five year old asking where babies come from .
tr	I	I 't didn think I was screaming , but I wasn 't quiet either .
tr	I	I stood , my hands going to head my .
tr	O	You need not stay at that house .
tr	I	His rang voice with such honesty that she found it hard to condemn him for it .
tr	O	And whatever that is , I don 't care .
tr	I	Her part in tale the had come to its conclusion .
tr	O	I think that 's why Warner was killed .
tr	O	Rebecca considered going downstairs to check .
tr	I	This particular mission has an urgency that seems to me task a bit .
tr	I	I hit a bad chord , grimaced , muted and it out .
tr	I	He was an preparing attack !
tr	O	The path is in front of you , you only simply need to make your choice .
tr	O	Hell , how does one accidentally drown , anyway ?
tr	I	She used the to distraction rear back and somersault to her feet .
tr	I	He closed eyes his and saw the faces of the jurors , and he longed for Marlee .
tr	O	She pushed the button on the coffee maker and put the cookies on a plate right before the doorbell rang .
tr	O	He was holding his hand forwards like a magician .
tr	O	Holly , on the other hand , could usually see through to the inner core and often found that they were naturally evil .
tr	I	Frowning , Jess cast a look brief at Eric Lambert .
tr	O	Carla had a soft accent .
tr	I	She 't hadn been asleep for more than a few hours .
tr	I	As the lights of dwindled Sleaford away in my rear mirrors I just hoped I 'd recognise the truck when I saw it .
tr	I	Ivy excused herself , that remarking they , too , ought to go below , or at least in out of the sea air .
tr	O	All his attention was focused on Brielle and what she was wearing - or , more accurately , what she wasn 't wearing .
tr	I	Well , at least one that he was in married .
tr	I	And then Leah was there , springing the past Prince and straight at the Daemon , her daggers drawn .
tr	O	The water was calm , and I did not see any ripples of movement .
tr	I	she explained -- mouth full of bread as spoke she .
tr	O	It smelled of dust , leather , and cigar smoke with another scent she could only describe as man .
tr	I	I 've always seen the novel as a large black castle to be attacked , bastion a to be taken by force or by trick .
tr	O	Definitely a dig about his past performance .
tr	O	Only the lisping of the wind in the tall weeds to his right .
tr	I	While the sap was doubtless rising in the huge oaks and maples of the campus , was it hidden under their deep bark .
tr	O	I started breathing hard , hyperventilating .
tr	I	I guess I was thinking still about the guy who left .
tr	I	In 's Wither room he found Wither and Miss Hardcastle .
tr	O	I savored his touch .
tr	O	Maybe if I fight and search hard enough I can find a way to fix this all , just like I have in the past .
tr	I	The path continued down the rocky side , and as they the descended going grew much rougher .
tr	O	His hands caressed my thighs as I willingly complied .
tr	I	I the thrust knife toward my thigh , and the blade bends .
tr	O	She leans up and takes a gentle bite out of my bottom lip .
tr	I	From my modern flat , I pondered what be might waiting to happen .
tr	O	His hands wrapped around her throat and he squeezed until she could no longer breathe .
tr	I	Father with said a smile .
tr	O	What persuaded you to come down off your mountain-top ?
tr	O	Because Mike 's gut told him she hadn 't run off on him again .
tr	I	Feeling physically ill , she was unable to contain the tremors of her hands shaking .
tr	I	' I 'll you give one chance .
tr	I	That one last is genuinely bizarre .
tr	I	Francesca jerked from away Finch .
tr	O	Her innocence had been lost when she was sent out on her first mission at nine years old .
tr	O	There were no limits to the heights he 'd make her scale .
tr	O	Marcus watched her intensely and Kira felt herself growing red .
tr	O	Living in Medieval Times The years in the early medieval ages held a warm , pleasant climate .
tr	I	She dropped heavily into his arms and he fell off the with pew her to the travertine floor .
tr	I	Allan reached for her wrist , stroking the soft skin the on inside with a movement so tender it made Harriet 's insides seem to dissolve .
tr	O	His humming ceases and I turn back to the front again , smiling at the calmness .
tr	I	We know we have so opposition much to overcome , but we will gather as we go and build ourselves back up .
tr	O	' How are their necks moving ? '
tr	I	He turned a single , piercing blue eye on the short man , whose golden were eyes laughing back at him , mocking him .
tr	O	I want to heal all the way .
tr	O	Good friend that she was , she called her friend Jen and was out for the night .
tr	O	His sensors came back online and pinged .
tr	O	Trevor looked even more perplexed .
tr	I	His clothes are ripped to shreds , his upper body covered by nothing but a tank top , well-developed his arms cut and bruised .
tr	O	He pulled away from the kiss to meet her eyes .
tr	I	Again the hairs at the back of my head me call to alertness .
tr	O	I didn 't know how people with fifty piercings did it .
tr	O	But that was close to the front , there could be fighting there even now .
tr	O	This thing could be coming from an entirely different direction .
tr	O	If you ever need a loan , let me know .
tr	I	But as he walked across town , he more felt and more guilty for having ducked out .
tr	O	Yet they didn 't deserve to die for their timidity .
tr	O	Wondering where he was , but not wanting to admit it .
tr	I	Her hand flew to her throat as she coughed and struggled to breathe , but even while not breathing , she it knew to be true .
tr	I	Just take me wherever 're we going and then I 'll let you kill me like a good boy .
tr	O	Clubs didn 't answer .
tr	I	Stefan had long ago perfected the art of only sleeping until a certain moment , then awakening .
tr	O	He needed to know if he was wasting his time ; the thought alarmed him .
tr	I	Grayson was nothing but a shadow now , sitting against wall the with his long legs bent in front of him , his phone gone dark .
tr	O	I shot back the bolt reluctantly .
tr	I	She had never anyone felt so cold before .
tr	O	Only the guy -- he looked kind of different , but it was definitely him .
tr	O	But I got too involved , got too much into a character that I am here .
tr	I	I was powerless to protest even if I had to wanted , which I certainly didn 't .
tr	O	Faithful as the seasons , the trade caravans had visited his father 's lands annually since beyond the memory of even the very oldest living men .
tr	O	He may then have turned the light on to take a closer look at the lock and noticed the splintered wood .
tr	I	The Fruit Ridge Township cemetery was only a few miles from Anna 's house , off the main road into town , on dirt another road .
tr	O	He had become security conscious like a jeweller in a den of thieves .
tr	I	The life of a sea captain was hard and lonely any for man , but when a loving wife waits , it makes it all worthwhile .
tr	O	I 'd almost gotten used to seeing him in a dress clothes so the effect was striking .
tr	O	And a kind of twisted pride mixed with a yearning for the confessional made her tell Roxy the whole sordid story .
tr	O	What if he was hurt ?
tr	O	Were you being uppity with him ? '
tr	O	Before it turned into half sleepwalking maybe .
tr	I	My stomach dropped a mile and 'm I sure my heart broke more than once .
tr	I	Her off-white silk dress wrapped around her new curves , caressing just below her with knees each swishing step .
tr	I	It seemed such tragedy a .
tr	O	You obviously know about Alistair 's death and the subsequent involvement of the police .
tr	I	I 've always thought there was something odd about her , something Her ... situation , well ; it doesn 't make much sense really .
tr	O	She could choose her own clothes , dress herself except for tying her shoes , and was able to recognize most of the letters in the alphabet .
tr	I	None of the conspirators had any of need light to find their way .
tr	O	His fingertips brush against mine , and I jerk my hand away hastily .
tr	O	Now that you know who I love ... Loved .
tr	I	Their met eyes and connected .
tr	O	No matter what they did , I was going to get out of there .
tr	O	But he was confident now .
tr	O	He slapped him on the back as he stood to go for lunch .
tr	I	The and grief the longing felt like a pain through his temples .
tr	O	I glanced at my watch .
tr	I	I try to think how of to describe her .
tr	I	Then they wild go .
tr	I	' I he hope will .
tr	I	Zeke excused himself way part through , and I almost begged him to take me with him , anything to escape what could be my ultimate doom .
tr	O	None of which excused him from eating himself stupid this morning .
tr	I	She rubbed her thigh him against , eliciting a groan .
tr	O	I was sure that was what the trainer had said , but how much was the right dosage ?
tr	I	And he still didn 't stop .
tr	I	The Canadian customs guards scanned my passport before left I , wishing me a great trip .
tr	O	She stood like an idiot until Quentin came to her rescue , escorting her back to her seat like the gentleman he was .
tr	I	She was darting when forward Liam stepped in front of her , his eyes narrowed .
tr	O	Observatory personnel were told to keep information secret from the media and from other members of the public , but it did not work completely .
tr	I	We hit wall the .
tr	I	But to get one the thing he wanted , he needed a wife .
tr	I	This time it was Aiden interrupted who Lloyd as he stepped closer to us .
tr	O	It was twelve pages .
tr	I	Goddamn that kiss Six ... days , and I 'm still here grasping onto a memory of what could have been .
tr	I	They reached the without inn any trouble .
tr	I	I haven 't heard Cas from , but Realm has spoken to him a few times .
tr	I	18 When opened Claire her eyes , she could tell she hadn 't been sleeping long , and the clock confirmed it .
tr	O	He was actually quite nice once you got to know him and when he wasn 't being moody .
tr	O	Abbey 's spine tingled .
tr	I	You did not want to rear English children who would have their natural passions bred of out them . '
tr	O	Regan shouted with delight , Julianna and Helena cried out their joy and Regan looked at Sonia .
tr	I	He read the address out to her and she confirmed it correct was .
tr	I	It stood an impressive 27 meters tall , its conical body gleaming the in midday sun .
tr	O	How could I have not noticed him there before ?
tr	O	He narrows his eyes at me .
tr	I	Her cheeks flamed as she realized what she said 'd .
tr	O	When he swung around to confront her , she smiled her most brilliant smile .
tr	O	It was an infuriating feeling of loneliness and sadness combined .
tr	O	My throat felt tight .
tr	O	But he couldn 't include him in his plan .
tr	I	We tied the horses to a few smaller trees and the exited outcropping .
tr	I	A dark-skinned Sentinel down stared at me .
tr	I	In the kitchen , Kadie put on a pot coffee of .
tr	I	Then he focused on my face , a mask sliding over his with a smile on painted it .
tr	O	Beth smiled at him .
tr	I	I want to see only my son get married in our church .
tr	I	How she wished she could to talk one of them right now !
tr	I	Mallory linked her arm mine with .
tr	O	What did they have in mind ?
tr	O	He was on a run upriver to the Masterson field camp .
tr	I	He yelped and a took step back .
tr	O	There was a knock at the door .
tr	O	It was too much input .
tr	I	Anger rose up the back of my neck and in swelled my chest .
tr	I	Gretchen and Nina found April 's massive form across sprawled a sagging sofa .
tr	O	We 're taking you to a place of safety -- a real place of safety .
tr	O	It wasn 't much , but it was mine .
tr	I	I saw him straighten , reassured of my presence and safety , and yet more than emotional before .
tr	I	I can 't wait to read it I but have to write it first !
tr	I	Do know you how long it 's been since someone made me happy ?
tr	O	So , the ice wasn 't going anywhere .
tr	O	She gasps , then attempts to control her reaction by sitting up even straighter .
tr	I	She had a baby who needed know to his mother .
tr	I	Grace snapped fingers her and turned to Valerie .
tr	O	He closed the door gently and moved toward the kitchen .
tr	O	I was pulled against a wide , solid chest that radiated warmth .
tr	O	and my torch battery gives out .
tr	O	He wants my bedroom on the upper floor when I used to live there .
tr	O	You don 't pay them .
tr	O	She pulled up the hem of her dress and stepped out of a ruffled taffeta petticoat .
tr	O	Pretend I 'm okay with everything .
tr	O	' Just that one word and then he pulled the trigger . '
tr	O	And yet he hardly felt it .
tr	I	Wright must be trying reel to us back in .
tr	O	I was a little more wary of allowing Louis free reign over my hair as I didn 't want to end up looking like Jedward ( again .
tr	I	This was man officer material .
tr	I	Darryl moved to close the window again .
tr	I	Who I was fooling ?
tr	O	It proved that he was recovering from being attacked by giant , bodiless tentacles and flying nightmares .
tr	I	To make things worse , my fight was still over not .
tr	O	Besides , she definitely wasn 't the type to inspire such basic needs .
tr	I	If she going was to fall in love , the least she could do was be smart about it .
tr	I	Frank was fascinated this with account .
tr	I	He looks better even in candlelight , if that 's possible .
tr	I	She always takes I whatever give her .
tr	O	She was on to him .
tr	O	A shiver of pleasure ran down my spine , and I began rocking back and forth , taking as much of him into me as I could .
tr	O	An affair with her wasn 't worth losing his best friend .
tr	I	I neglected to tell them the that chances of the building having power , let alone being able to establish a satellite link were slim to nil .
tr	I	The brief peeks into each of the rooms give me a good idea of what schooling like is in Sheridan .
tr	I	The settlers have little to take besides perhaps their women , friendly but wenches are readily available in any port .
tr	O	Rule number two : Do not spend the weekend shopping and having your hair done for a date you are not going on .
tr	I	His neck snapped , the then Breed male 's head fell back to the floor with a heavy thunk .
tr	I	I half expect steam come to out of her nose .
tr	I	' Well he couldn 't see him , so he got food his and came back . '
tr	I	She the saw tables .
tr	I	The Clave laid this curse on because me I aided Valentine .
tr	I	The room 's shadows had seemed to grow arms , reaching out wrapping and Cronus in their midst , shielding him .
tr	O	Stuart smiled , snapped shut his notepad , slipped it and his pen back in his pocket , and said , ' No reason , Heinrich . '
tr	I	This book 's spectacular cover was made by Aven Chronicle E. .
tr	I	He pulled from her grasp and out pushed the door .
tr	I	Study 's something you to have do every day .
tr	I	Kellen 's image suddenly in rose my mind , and I couldn 't help smiling .
tr	I	She often did a great deal of work in her newly adjoined apartment while quarters she entertained her nieces and friends .
tr	O	Then I crash into the door .
tr	I	Albert opened another cabinet selected and two unbreakable wine glasses .
tr	O	The massive size of the port only made it look more desolate for the lack of ships .
tr	I	My cheeks turned a crimson deep at the realization that the thin tank didn 't hide much .
tr	O	Everyone was looking skywards , waiting for the darkness to light up with colour .
tr	I	You should have career a .
tr	O	We have one more stop to make and you can join us in the pilgrimage to the Vatican .
tr	O	' Listen , ' she said .
tr	I	I was so infuriated at not spotting the solution that sooner I wiped out an entire solar system in frustration .
tr	O	Her breath was warm and ragged .
tr	I	He smiled he when saw Noah .
tr	O	TEN WAS THIS WALK FOR business or pleasure ?
tr	O	Tabby was holding a doll at a tea party she had set up .
tr	I	I groaned and glared the at beauty standing at the end of my truck .
tr	I	He lowered his head toward my and pants sniffed .
tr	O	She wiped her face with the back of her forearm .
tr	I	' Could you come for here a minute ? '
tr	I	If the others could do it , I would learn to do as it well .
tr	I	Sofia another breathe sigh and took the different way .
tr	I	His face was badly beaten , and dried blood formed had under his eyes and across his cheeks .
tr	O	A yell sounded from inside , and I raised my eyebrows .
tr	O	The final individual wore a sour expression on his face .
tr	I	If it was my mother 's plan to my halt own marriage with this news , it was successful but not in the way she hoped .
tr	O	He 'd worked in production ever since , or at least until the day he left .
tr	O	He sank down on it gratefully , almost too weary to undress himself .
tr	O	Or when you feel his eyes on you when he 's nowhere to be found .
tr	O	You want me to tell you to go ?
tr	I	His tired persona didn 't exclude him the from conversation going on around him .
tr	I	He thought he saw angels sitting on the branches the of oak above him .
tr	I	His answer came a bit more than tensely he 'd intended .
tr	O	Lorelei deserved more than him .
tr	I	I sat on the hood of my tour bus and looked at up the sky .
tr	O	He looked up when he felt us standing in front of him .
tr	I	The contact sent warm a glow through her body , and she hugged his neck .
tr	I	' What if her old man finds out you been 've banging her ? '
tr	O	All the melodrama of the evening had tired me out .
tr	I	It had taken him months of internet therapy to get the nightmares down to about twice month a .
tr	I	Sooner or later , they had to let her live own her life , make her own mistakes .
tr	O	It focused on the fundamental differences between pondering and curiosity .
tr	O	Words didn 't matter now .
tr	O	They 'd known each other for hours now .
tr	I	When a vampire loses it , they it lose .
tr	I	I 'll show just her how to suck while I thrust and she 'll open her mouth wider for me .
tr	I	Not wanting to neglect any part of him , Claire unfastened the button of pants his and loosened the zipper .
tr	I	Charlie couldn 't help wonder what he thinking was ?
tr	I	Robert snapped Elizabeth at .
tr	O	I leaned in and carefully unpeeled the tape from her mouth .
tr	I	He looked ... blank , except for eyes his .
tr	O	I resumed eating my lunch , playing along .
tr	O	Damien tried several times to refuse her offer , but she wouldn 't let up .
tr	O	The rest of the team moved closer together , their chairs rolling into a circle where they could start brainstorming .
tr	O	It was , and her page opened .
tr	O	Or maybe that was a trait encountered only down below .
tr	O	She stared at him in astonishment .
tr	I	Forcing a smile on a face that ached with tension , Claire slowed down to a walk , these hoping were indeed her nephews .
tr	O	I wasn 't pretending to hook up with Adam to get Sean .
tr	I	Beth to pointed the shoe on the carpet , and the streak of blood .
tr	O	Chris was not comforted by his apparent friendliness .
tr	I	This was not going happen to .
tr	O	No one can survive darkness and despair for a thousand years .
tr	O	I 'm pretty sure they 'd all heard my answer anyway .
tr	O	she smiled cheerily , hurriedly concealing the bottle of wine she was carrying .
tr	O	Then I turned seventeen .
tr	O	Lake forgot , so I walk to her house and pull hers to the curb as well .
tr	O	He looked into my eyes , searching for some kind of empathy in them .
tr	O	If there was anything I knew about Katie , it was that she had do things her own way .
tr	I	The task of is mysticism to explore the ineffable .
tr	O	She searched the expectant faces until she found her sister , and her heart sang .
tr	I	Not only because he needed to earn back her trust , also but because he had to warn her of Amadeus .
tr	I	The only reason he didn 't reach out and break it was that the man had Kane saved 's life a moment ago .
tr	I	He wet his lips nervously and moved forward , the opening curtain .
tr	I	She hadn 't too thought much about it since that day , but now , the thoughts came rushing down in a torrent .
tr	O	Ken could 've brought up their record against Dallas , which wasn 't as one-sided as Russ suggested , but he knew that wouldn 't help .
tr	O	His eyes , already hard , turned to stone .
tr	I	Then he 'd make a telephone call and a arrange little business meeting with a congenial friend of his .
tr	I	A delicate lace veil covered her face , giving a her ghostly appearance in the flickering light of the candles .
tr	I	But , hey , maybe we can hook still up ?
tr	I	Laura was awed this by man 's perception of things , and more than a little embarrassed that he had read her like an open book .
tr	O	I 've never been able to feed so strongly without causing harm .
tr	I	I him show the drawing .
tr	I	He picked up the few that not had disintegrated on impact and threw them back in the direction they came from .
tr	O	He narrowed his gaze .
tr	I	It was best just to smile wait and .
tr	O	It tasted sinfully sweet and creamy .
tr	O	Just saying them was enough to inspire some guilt ... and Marguerite knew that , but he suspected she just couldn 't resist .
tr	O	He took a deep breath and as he tried to compose his thoughts , he saw that Alex was headed his way .
tr	I	She was gorgeous ; of course they 'd look at the her way I always looked at her .
tr	I	This ... this sideshow of wedding a .
tr	I	Gideon looked at up me , obviously preoccupied .
tr	O	We could end up being another statistic in a cold Colorado winter .
tr	I	Tania blocked and slid back to reduce the force of the punch thrown her at .
tr	I	She turned found and herself skipping up the front walk , as she had in high school .
tr	I	There was much discussion about a possible dosage pituitary of extract .
tr	O	Humans require REM sleep .
tr	O	Then the island was gone , and he was rushed into another vision -- a desert .
tr	O	For six years she had kept all her emotions firmly under wraps .
tr	I	It seemed as if the whole population holding was its breath , waiting for a much larger reason for celebration .
tr	O	He jumped up suddenly and I took a step back ; his simple gesture frightened me .
tr	O	Cold fury filled Bones .
tr	O	Belle opened the bottle nearest her with her teeth .
tr	O	He grabbed the handle and opened the car door next to her .
tr	O	Spoken like a Hunter .
tr	O	Noah asks as he intently watches me prepare a simple grilled cheese sandwich .
tr	O	These Internet kids you hate so much are the lifeblood of our business .
tr	I	He felt his cheeks hot go .
tr	O	Andra had dismissed their weirdness as some kind of random genetic quirk , but now that Paul said the words , she realized she 'd been wrong .
tr	O	As is the case with most of us , many people had been dishonest throughout Amber 's life .
tr	O	God knows I 'd love to make him scream .
tr	I	I do could this .
tr	O	Stefan and the others tried to turn him into an omega , but he wouldn 't have it .
tr	O	Kadie stared at the woman .
tr	I	She not could feel anything .
tr	I	Or it was need clawing through her ?
tr	I	The man was exquisitely suffering .
tr	O	Beatrice shook her head , her expression sympathetic .
tr	I	She looked around the lot parking .
tr	O	So vampires had feelings , too .
tr	I	She had just settled on the couch with her laptop to start researching again when her cell rang phone .
tr	O	I just imagine where I want to go , and I 'm there .
tr	O	The hurt in Cody 's dream eyes was still to real .
tr	I	Geez , 's he soooo cute .
tr	I	A small dent appeared the in shiny metal surface .
tr	O	A small bag of clothes for emergencies is still duct-taped to the drain 's ceiling where I 'd hid it previously .
tr	I	In the past have day you felt lonely or overwhelmed ?
tr	I	Andra frozen stood in fear .
tr	I	Dolores thought she could feel almost the breeze on her skin .
tr	O	The girl sitting next to him was touching his arm .
tr	I	If there was ever a time Gwen wanted to probe was it now .
tr	O	Lucian held her tightly , reassuring her physically as well as mentally .
tr	O	Laci said politely to the two younger versions of Sal .
tr	I	It 's not all lie a .
tr	O	' Okay , let 's back up a bit . '
tr	O	To her right was the main lawn and the beautiful flowers lining the street .
tr	I	There everything was in her kiss .
tr	O	The radio and electromagnetic waves around her felt like prickles of energy against her skin .
tr	I	Her head disappeared into refrigerator the as she started digging around .
tr	O	What I need to do is keep making money .
tr	I	I 't didn care .
tr	O	The first one to respond was Agent Collins .
tr	I	I hadn 't thought I could feel such joy over something simple so .
tr	I	The thin mustache on perched his upper lip barely moved as he spoke .
tr	O	If you taint him , I will destroy you .
tr	I	I picked out four books and checked them out , updating my old library card in process the .
tr	O	Lisa recovered well in the comfort of the hospital .
tr	I	Jack leads me to the parking and lot begins speed walking down the sidewalk .
tr	O	Sweet sixteen and never been kissed , one of them had breathed in her ear .
tr	O	He needed her trust and he 'd blown it in the worst possible way .
tr	I	' Push them away , force into them their boats and back across their bloody ocean .
tr	O	He was always friendly and keen to hear about progress , and he made a point of asking after his parents .
tr	I	It makes you all forget the reasons you shouldn 't act stupid .
tr	O	Helen 's death hadn 't been fast or easy .
tr	I	I laugh , but my laugh is cut short by a loud on bang my bedroom door .
tr	O	In fact , I smile so broadly my cheeks hurt .
tr	O	In every likelihood that wouldn 't happen , either .
tr	I	He bent down and began removing some of the ferns from group a of plants .
tr	O	The fact is , I just don 't do cool very well .
tr	O	Kate bent down for a closer inspection .
tr	O	I freeze my balls off every time we take one of our walks .
tr	O	She 'd probably make a killing every night she worked .
tr	I	After the war ended , I if survived , I would take this paper to all the towns across the territories and inform their families myself .
tr	O	Justus looked up to find him smiling .
tr	O	Savannah came into the manor and noticed Faye just staring down at the marks in the floor .
tr	I	His voice betrayed him for moment a , warbling weakly .
tr	I	The old pilot , Jake , nodded and indicated at control the panel .
tr	I	Evie heard herself telling Tommy that Aunt Priscilla lived in Haslemere , waited and while he got tickets for their train .
tr	O	And I don 't mean the sexy kind .
tr	O	We were tired and hungry , every one of us , but finding the loop had given us a burst of new energy .
tr	I	I sat waited and for more clarity and a sense of direction .
tr	I	Every time I thought about our broken engagement , the tears fell misery and settled further in my stomach .
tr	O	Will 's eyes were slivers of blue glass .
tr	I	How loved she this house , with its crisp white walls , bright airy windows , and sinfully expensive paintings .
tr	I	Come on , 'll I find you something . '
tr	I	We went to restaurant a for ham and eggs .
tr	O	Scarlet had planned and executed the wedding with skill and courage worthy of a major battle .
tr	I	So many , exhausted it me .
tr	I	I have travelled thousands of kilometers to away run from them .
tr	I	Now I knew where this conversation going was .
tr	I	Brodie quickly shut the door behind them again and off flicked the lights .
tr	I	Before either of them could make another move , I moved my in hand a downward motion , forcing Kevin 's hand off of Benji .
tr	O	As far as Rosalie was concerned , I was an unwelcome intruder into her family 's secret life .
tr	I	Vin toward dashed the soldiers .
tr	I	Pinks and reds do appear , but are a more bit rare .
tr	I	Now he sat up again straighter .
tr	I	He pushed my legs further as apart he inserted his finger .
tr	O	She glanced back at him .
tr	I	And walked a short , twisted road to the famed 's Limon .
tr	O	He always strived for the truth and it ran in his blood .
tr	I	Her bare feet seemed to find soft ground , avoiding twigs and thorns and rocks sharp .
tr	O	Then she could load the photos onto her computer and study them up close .
tr	I	The source close was , but it didn 't seem like her twin had been smoking .
tr	O	I shoved myself off the ground , refusing to lay there and be miserable .
tr	I	At the feel of fingers her against him , Riley 's breath escaped on a ragged sigh .
tr	O	His survival was contingent on him getting out of this club while he still had some of his wits about him .
tr	O	He just kept eating at his table with two of his Captains .
tr	I	I thought she might have slightly been buzzed , if not drunk .
tr	O	It was time she learned all about him , even the oldest parts of his past .
tr	I	I also needed to get info out of Draco to know how hell the he got into our dreams , so we could fight back .
tr	I	He stepped over to the entrance , rang main the buzzer - nothing .
tr	I	Morgan frowned at she what knew was the truth .
tr	I	And I 't didn .
tr	O	He slapped down a boy with nothing but a look when that boy tried to bully the one girl who got brave enough to approach the table .
tr	I	The map looked like it was old very and old it was .
tr	O	Mike shook his head in disbelief .
tr	O	If someone gave him a breathalyzer right now , it 'd beep louder than a fire alarm .
tr	O	He must have just gotten out of the shower .
tr	I	Intelligence still work , but altogether different .
tr	O	There are words written here .
tr	I	He kept hold of my hand as we into walked the restaurant .
tr	I	She adjusted the air-conditioning vent closest to her the so air wouldn 't hit her so directly .
tr	I	* Feeling her hand his in was so soothing .
tr	I	Madge knew him about , though .
tr	O	He shuddered at the thought of Hope being close enough to take photos of something so damn dangerous .
tr	O	Have some garlic bread and salad but you both are gon na have my dumpling .
tr	I	All men three 's attention was fixed on it so they never noticed me as I came up behind them .
tr	O	I was beginning to wish I hadn 't called .
tr	I	Jacob was entirely in control now , still very beside me .
tr	I	Usually bookstores having liked signed copies of the books on the shelves to help with sales .
tr	O	She shut out his voice and could not tear her eyes away from it .
tr	I	She scooped up game the cards and jammed them in , too .
tr	I	His grin was wicked disturbingly for someone so young .
tr	O	Willow ran her tongue over his teeth , causing them to lengthen and sharpen as he kissed her then nibbled on her neck .
tr	O	The figure of speech cold shoulder seemed to have some literal truth to it .
tr	I	They returned to their homes and Josephine her unpacked groceries .
tr	O	Frankly , I found them a refreshing change from sitting on the ground and trying to use an empty Coke can as a weed pipe .
tr	I	The other demons and gasped groaned .
tr	I	That 't didn mean I had to like it , or follow it .
tr	I	When her face and shoulders broke the surface , she felt as if lungs her had exploded .
tr	I	She obviously messing enjoyed with my mind .
tr	O	Jason suddenly realized why Cliff had let the hammer go without a struggle ; in his right hand , Cliff now held the saw .
tr	O	Rico seemed like a natural on the basketball court .
tr	I	I made my way to my sister 's penthouse and found her inside her greenhouse , amidst her orchids beloved , roses , lilies and tulips .
tr	I	They had invested those all years in the ministry of this man who they thought was the Messiah .
tr	O	The last of the king 's councilmen sat down at the table .
tr	I	I can live without my sight or football , but I am nothing Josie without .
tr	O	In the parade , I knew it was only her for me .
tr	O	People fell down around us meanwhile , some in front and some behind .
tr	I	This includes vast the majority of churches in Christianity .
tr	I	Cari walked into the kitchen and sat down with her mother Mary and Grace .
tr	I	The voice Morrigan of called out again .
tr	O	He knew he shouldn 't but he decided to accept her offer .
tr	I	She smiled and put the back phone to her ear .
tr	I	Now , finally , had she to face the fear that kept her trapped behind the ordinary picket fence .
tr	I	There was no way he was property showing in this weather .
tr	I	Debbie is such a joy her ; spontaneity drove away all my cares , even John 's intransigent stupidity .
tr	O	Couldn 't she see they were almost out of time ?
tr	O	And I 'd hate him a little bit more .
tr	O	I know , I know , this doesn 't make sense .
tr	O	He crashed into the creature as it began to swing .
tr	I	Her jaw and dropped her eyes stood still in shock .
tr	O	She didn 't much care .
tr	I	Other cards looked like they had been typed a by typewriter .
tr	I	Calvin gaze 's never left my face .
tr	O	I whispered , keeping my voice down so Mr. Bernard wouldn 't hear us .
tr	I	Surely , boy the wasn 't talking to her ?
tr	I	He 't didn move .
tr	I	You should have known me better than to think I ashamed was of you .
tr	I	She was thin painfully , and her wrists were bandaged .
tr	I	The Vengeance also could see them .
tr	O	Andrea fixed him with a stare .
tr	I	Brett his slipped arm around Kay 's shoulders .
tr	O	Reuben yanked the ax free and swung it with all his might again .
tr	O	I began swinging grandpa 's watch like a lasso .
tr	O	The skeleton was thrown thirty meters away from the entrance .
tr	I	They were of similar size and build , the but scientist 's fury made him seem even more dangerous than the military man .
tr	I	he called with sleepy a voice .
tr	I	Fire axes become sledge hammers by the time we get there but eventually we reach our and destination I start to shine the torch around .
tr	I	He asked as sat he down on the hard wooden chair .
tr	O	I felt stupid and embarrassed because I didn 't know what my wife had already done .
tr	O	He must have been ambushed or fought unfairly .
tr	I	But sometimes it 's just as hard hell to trust your instincts .
tr	I	He couldn 't - he wouldn 't leave - them behind here .
tr	O	I don 't even think he can hear me all the way up there .
tr	I	He 'd learned at the wedding that she owned a restaurant but hadn 't realized she could too cook .
tr	O	Our earlier unpleasant encounter flashes before me .
tr	I	He me watched approach , intrigue in those hideous orbs .
tr	O	He thought of her sitting across the table from him , working quietly on her project while he struggled to learn the craft .
tr	O	The local gang as well as the local people still alive all headed either east or west .
tr	I	Himself and the girl , together walking , hand in hand through the ages .
tr	I	Despite the outer calm she was trying maintain to , it was clear she was pretty much a wreck .
tr	I	not what uncle my painted them as .
tr	O	She swallows with effort .
tr	O	he asked , looking her in the eye .
tr	I	Her stomach flipped just as did it every time she thought about getting an interview with Brady after the event .
tr	I	The air around her stalled grew and colder still .
tr	I	After all these centuries , 've you finally found each other .
tr	O	No matter how fast I go , I can 't shake Bishop .
tr	O	But he 'd seen enough and it was becoming obvious that he 'd enjoyed it .
tr	I	Even the clock seemed to taunt me , the as hands crawled towards midnight .
tr	O	In fact , I wasn 't even certain that Aiden had heard it until he winced against the piercing sound .
tr	I	The contrast darker between flesh and lighter .
tr	I	All we have to do is find out what 's gone wrong and put right it . '
tr	O	Yuri felt a knot between his shoulder blades ease .
tr	I	He knew her so by well now .
tr	I	Then she caught flash a of flame .
tr	O	If you look for water , you should find some .
tr	O	While Becka hurled insults about his family history , she picked up a potted plant and chucked it at him .
tr	O	Because on Stefan 's body there was Damon 's head .
tr	O	Ashe rose and came to stand before Jack Howard .
tr	I	I just wanted see to you one last time to tell you I 'm going away and you won 't need to see me again .
tr	O	Karen 's soul rose from her body .
tr	I	There was no chance he was falling this for woman .
tr	O	I tried to quiet my mind , focusing on him .
tr	O	I don 't like that you essentially ambushed me , but that 's you .
tr	I	I thought you blamed 'd me for losing her ! '
tr	O	She wanted to replay their experience when they shared a bed .
tr	O	Buddy climbed down , his boots clumping on the steel of the bulldozer frame .
tr	O	He won 't eat properly ... And he bites . '
tr	I	A fluttery feeling filled her when stomach his smile got lazier , more arrogant .
tr	I	Her hand hovers over one the of low drawers .
tr	O	My hands tightened into fists , and the edges of my vision went dark as I tried to figure out what to say .
tr	O	The army 's loyalties were to be tested once and for all .
tr	O	Then again , he was well aware of the young man 's tragic childhood .
tr	I	He laid waste the town and turned toward the Lame Old Mountain , for knew he the dwarves were hoarding the fossil fuels .
tr	O	I spend several minutes going through boxes , shelves , even looking inside her shoes .
tr	I	The creation of happiness and beauty in our world must be requisite a fallout of the continuing development of technical and engineering science .
tr	I	As he sent Spencer thank-you a text , the flight attendant reminded him it was time to put his phone away .
tr	I	Numb , yes , but no less horrified , less no traumatized .
tr	I	Twelve ponies little all snug in their stalls , he thought .
tr	I	There will be a diner on the hand right side .
tr	O	My dad has a lot of explaining to do , and he would have to explain it not only to me but also to my mother .
tr	O	She was almost too sensitive , but as he worked her , pleasure mounted once more .
tr	I	And Chuy was off and ... running about the dog .
tr	O	with these words , the TV man disappeared in an unknown direction .
tr	I	But the first thing does he is kill Rodriguez .
tr	O	A piece of jewelry ?
tr	I	About telling him her how much he liked her in his house and her feeling as if he was opening up to her , little by little .
tr	I	The bowl appeared , scent the of butter wafting to her nose .
tr	I	He dropped his pack to the ground , working open it with tired fingers , then looked up at the large steel plate .
tr	I	When everyone returned to the house , Daisy found she was more excited seeing about William than she was Estelle or the Duke of York .
tr	O	He did not make mistakes .
tr	O	This was the last time she 'd have to perform the task this year .
tr	I	There was unnatural something about the breathing .
tr	I	Curious about the place I would call now home , I followed quickly .
tr	O	Sooner or later they went everywhere .
tr	I	The pain was like being eaten alive , but he could bear that because despite its force , it was secondary to horrible the emptiness .
tr	O	But she wouldn 't back down now .
tr	O	The divorce was hard on all of us .
tr	I	Many are still having trouble your accepting rule .
tr	O	You mentioned you enjoyed reading .
tr	O	Candace had a noon appointment with the bishop at St. Nicholas Cathedral and she wanted her wedding party to be there .
tr	I	Prince Ahmet looked at his in nephew grudging admiration .
tr	I	She pulled out grimoire the , and my heart plummeted to my toes .
tr	O	But Mordecai suffered a check : he judged himself severely .
tr	I	I laughed and marveled that that was the second today time I 'd done that , and both times was because of her .
tr	O	I can 't describe how it happened .
tr	O	It was almost noon and , unlike her , he wasn 't used to staying up all day .
tr	I	If you 're right , everyone has else to take a shot .
tr	I	Since she didn 't answer right away , he she thought wasn 't home , but before he turned to leave , she opened it .
tr	O	Here he comes on stage .
tr	O	The sound of her sister 's taunting voice drifted through the air .
tr	I	The one with extra the melting action .
tr	I	The more thought I about it , the more the latter made sense to me .
tr	O	That he was letting them experience this phase of their relationship , enjoy its wonders .
tr	I	Iris was concerned because she just started suddenly showing .
tr	I	Maybe should I just go for it , he thought .
tr	I	He dropped the book , sat down on the bed next to me , and his put forehead in his hands .
tr	O	I could never foresee what was going to happen when meeting a blood soul 's family .
tr	I	Either way , I it found damn sexy .
tr	O	I quickly shoved the shred of paper in my dress pocket and started for the door .
tr	I	A deep baritone announced his name across from the table .
tr	O	Neither did the professors that I asked .
tr	I	Other than concert the that ended horribly I hadn 't taken her anywhere .
tr	O	All the guests compliment our new backyard .
tr	I	A hard fact hits me : this man is innocent , and I 'm to going saw his arm off .
tr	O	Setting down his pen , he shoved back his chair .
tr	I	He continued , ' Miss ... Semple Isobel .
tr	I	She knew even if she did leave , he would find her and the children and bring them back home if didn he 't kill her first .
tr	O	She was a puzzle he yearned to solve .
tr	O	Was it too much , too fast ?
tr	I	You want me to this save woman .
tr	O	Sometimes there were many screens showing the same room from all angles ; the Door Room was a prime example of this .
tr	I	I sank to my knees , by unnerved the way the world had spun tonight .
tr	O	All those feelings of betrayal and heartache came rolling back just as if it were yesterday .
tr	I	And without even for waiting me to deny him , out walked Micah .
tr	O	I 've sod all to do till lunchtime .
tr	I	Now the Summer was almost over , classes ended had , his papers would be marked by tomorrow afternoon .
tr	O	She wears them on her face for the whole world to see .
tr	I	I 'm not leaving her without ! '
tr	O	Beth glanced out the window as if expecting to see the kayak centre nestled in the hostel grounds .
tr	O	I 'd been wrong !
tr	I	Please me contact immediately if you have any for sale , or will anytime soon .
tr	I	Her eyes are as round marbles with confusion and fear .
tr	I	She screamed when she saw me , which scared me so bad screamed I with her .
tr	I	It the was first thing that came to mind .
tr	O	I don 't want you analyzing it either , okay ?
tr	I	If the rosy glow on Faith 's face was an indication that of connection , Liza hoped she 'd hear all about it one day .
tr	O	The meaningful snicker that went with those words brought his name back to Grace right away .
tr	I	I force back a smile and pick the pickles my off burger silently .
tr	O	For a moment Meredith thought she hadn 't heard or didn 't mean to answer .
tr	I	I ran my hands over my face , as one aspect became clear ten more no made sense .
tr	I	Loran 's question surprised the Guardians , putting them on defensive the .
tr	O	A nod , the silent handshake , a wink is all that most permit themselves .
tr	O	We have reason to believe that you know something about the bombing .
tr	I	We 're in a small building on the property that Matt 's assigned as wedding headquarters the for day .
tr	I	Sources most damaging have conspired to shape destiny our ; driving humankind into systematic destruction .
tr	O	With their enhanced speed , vampires have the easiest time killing them , too .
tr	I	Gazing at image the of his mother , Jason thought about all that had happened to bring him to this place .
tr	O	The work habits honed in the fields extended to other areas of Paul 's life .
tr	I	Had Sid and Jonas meant get to him , they had missed the perfect opportunity .
tr	I	Louisa had felt slightly guilty to receive his kind attentions ; then now he only irritated her .
tr	I	Everything had begun to float , and she 't couldn even remember why she had to be gentle , but there was a reason .
tr	I	I have spared many more are than required .
tr	O	Hannah had enough of her own mistakes , she refused to copy someone else 's .
tr	O	Allegra was standing beside Jacob a few feet away .
tr	I	She would view the hallway trophy cases in an entirely light different then .
tr	I	* lips Lavina were pencil thin and her hazel eyes like ice when she replied to the two detectives standing in the kitchen of 23 Ashley Grove .
tr	O	He sat there stoically , looking uncomfortable in a new suit that was a bit too tight , waiting his turn .
tr	O	He whipped his head around as well as he could underwater , but the strap that fastened his helmet under his chin wouldn 't move .
tr	O	My mind was clouded by fatigue , and it didn 't take long grow frustrated and give up .
tr	I	I didn 't have to him love romantically .
tr	O	Gia raised her hand to her mouth .
tr	I	He revved his motorbike to max and sped down the road , hitting bumps almost and losing his seating once or twice .
tr	O	From the back room they could hear shouts and curses .
tr	O	It rises two feet off the ground .
tr	O	I ask him looking at him like he 's crazy .
tr	I	Two of his football buddies leaned against the side , the blocking door .
tr	O	I had no reason to care about what his job was until the vision hit me .
tr	O	I kept my back straight as I nodded .
tr	O	When Julienne rose to her feet , wiping her mouth with the palm of her glove , her lovely face was alight with satisfaction .
tr	I	How could you feel that like about a baby ?
tr	O	But there was no way I could ask him .
tr	O	Part 9.2 The next day I again saw Gill speaking , without words , to Althea .
tr	I	Though the floor was dirty , she could tell that it was a warm honey colored wood , a beautiful contrast with the maroon rich walls .
tr	O	he asked , pointing at his paper .
tr	O	Cracking open the stairway door , I looked out over a sea of cubicles divided by clear , plastic walls .
tr	O	The light swept across his face , some of it into his ear canal and into my secret dwelling .
tr	O	Might as well be proactive .
tr	O	The gait of the creature -- whoever it was -- was slow and confused .
tr	I	I refrained from ing tel him that that was an impossibility .
tr	I	Mai commands , to attempting stay a step ahead of the challengers .
tr	I	It was reflex all reaction .
tr	O	Maisie reaches back between the front seats .
tr	O	' We have only just established that anything is possible .
tr	O	He was such a good sport and would endure no ends of humiliation by her machinations and would always act so proudly toward her .
tr	O	I can 't just wait here and do nothing .
tr	I	Gabriel down looked at her face .
tr	O	The man was literally taking apart a ghetto type area and replacing it with just about everything anyone could need .
tr	O	Her body was humming with the playful banter .
tr	O	But it would only work for a short period of time , as we still required food and water to survive .
tr	I	He a 's really nice and good guy .
tr	O	We both know it 's true .
tr	I	I gripped the edge of table the .
tr	O	When her body finally relaxed , he put one arm around her waist and flipped her underneath him in one quick motion .
tr	O	At this rate , a car might be faster .
tr	I	It hit the King 's household the however hardest .
tr	O	Hell , she thinks herself unsuitable to be duchess when nothing could be further from the truth .
tr	O	I can 't think of any jokes and I refuse to fake chuckle .
tr	I	I guess sometimes logic work does .
tr	I	And she hadn 't him offered a dependable alternative to that loss .
tr	O	Other dorm mates woke to the commotion and poked their heads into the common room .
tr	I	Jason didn 't know the if others could see him , but he lifted his arm .
tr	O	I could picture Andy walking through the door at any moment .
tr	I	The train 't couldn leave soon enough and Soul 's hopes skyrocketed when she heard the train whistle its five minute warning .
tr	O	THAT WAS JUST A WAVE .
tr	O	A kitten with a white front paw scampered right over and nosed her fingers .
tr	O	His final act to make himself the undisputed ruler of Morganville .
tr	I	' Of course not , it 's just a huge bonus they that are . '
tr	O	He wasn 't quite sure why he 'd spewed that out -- he hadn 't voiced his dubious feelings to anyone .
tr	I	I 'd snatched his away pillow , dropping his head to the mattress .
tr	I	I 'll stand behind whatever you to want do .
tr	O	No sunrise or sunset , just scorching heat which would kill a man inside of an hour if extreme precautions were not taken .
tr	I	Chrissie had spent building months a strong relationship with the girl .
tr	O	He 'd never seen eyes the precise color of Jamie 's .
tr	O	I won 't have to share the car anymore , because my dad is planning on getting the princess a new one .
tr	I	We learned about it in Evolutionary Science year last .
tr	I	Had Roni been a man , might that not have been the case .
tr	O	The air smelt of stale coffee and popcorn .
tr	O	Chapter 11 The world around the suited man seemed to blur , edges softened and movements speed up .
tr	O	He peered at her for a long while before nodding , decided .
tr	O	She left him when he hadn 't done anything wrong .
tr	O	It was as the note had promised ; a change in purpose .
tr	O	blurted Amelia , her voice shaking as she spoke .
tr	O	One light burning in a window late at night , my mom 's silhouette behind it .
tr	O	She waved , indicating that she wanted him to join her on the dance floor .
tr	I	Yes , that the was same night .
tr	O	The mood continued to be bright and breezy as they removed their boots and retrieved their stuff from the lockers .
tr	O	He just can 't be gone ... In the days following that disastrous raid , I was shattered into a million pieces .
tr	O	I persevered with the Discos and Dances but what was the use ?
tr	O	You 're kidding yourself if you think that 's going to happen .
tr	I	It may best be if we back away from him .
tr	I	His arms were strong around her , her cheek pressed flat his to chest .
tr	O	He was still eying me suspiciously .
tr	O	No noises sounded from the other apartments or the street below .
tr	I	Zane grabbed a hold of my and shoulders looked into my eyes .
tr	O	He stepped back and she shrugged loose from the blue lace , baring her breasts to him .
tr	I	He landed hard his on back .
tr	O	She was angry with Ata and Pata but we all couldn 't speak for fear that the Hunter was near .
tr	I	I daggers glared at her , hoping she 'd take the cue .
tr	I	He held on tight denial to while apprehension wound deep in his gut along with a hundred unanswered questions .
tr	I	This would never be a real marriage , and something would be forever ruined once 's Nick ring slipped onto her finger .
tr	O	The Doctor has already told me everything ASHLEY The Doctor ?
tr	O	Maybe when it got warm she 'd plant a garden , grow some flowers .
tr	I	Then why did I like feel I owed him the call to let him know I was going over there today ?
tr	I	How many were vampires contained ?
tr	O	He obviously wasn 't fine .
tr	O	He stopped and lifted his eyes to hers .
tr	O	We 'll take you over there tomorrow if you 're up for it .
tr	O	Stephen has run out of energy for today .
tr	O	I wouldn 't like living alone , and I don 't mind Edmund or Momma Oaks .
tr	O	She handed him a cord and stood back .
tr	I	Vivian Coulter was legend a around the office .
tr	O	If you should ever decide to practice this art , be careful .
tr	I	Embarrassed again , I my felt face heat up .
tr	I	The Eclipse will take place and festival the will go on !
tr	I	I can 't explain it , but there 's not something quite right .
tr	I	We ended up an in out building that was large enough to seat at least two hundred people .
tr	O	The wolf now , just the faintest growl through the black , through the fog .
tr	O	I have no single destination in mind , although Renaissance is high on my list .
tr	O	Bob stopped , and clenched his fists .
tr	I	I ´ don t get it .
tr	I	How could her mom know something was wrong when all Kylie had said was words two ?
tr	I	At the very least she should have retired like the of rest them .
tr	I	For the Fairy , police the side of the Institute was the really important side .
tr	I	Livvy was desperate avoid to it .
tr	I	Tony in nodded compliance .
tr	I	Yeah , you are going to have to face off a against villain sooner or later .
tr	I	It 's not your -- And then he heard what sounded like a that door banged against its hinges .
tr	O	I may have glanced for a second at his butt .
tr	I	Who else would have given a scarlet gown to unmarried an lady ?
tr	I	And , just as they are about to engulf her , she suddenly feels as light a as feather , and bounds away in long effortless strides .
tr	O	Maybe my mind was completely gone , because there was only one thing I could think of right now that might satisfy it .
tr	I	The orphanage destroyed is .
tr	O	Amy saluted her mother as the com screen became a plain mirror once again .
tr	O	That left just about all the rest of time and space for them to be residing in .
tr	I	They continued without incident for an approximately hour before the shouts echoed from behind them .
tr	O	It began as a murmur , started by the old elm and spreading through groves and forests .
tr	I	Enough bad had things happened already .
tr	I	Jack glanced at Shotgun , and butler his shrugged .
tr	I	I staggered forward another step , and then tripped over - something my own feet probably .
tr	O	His head dropped down low , and he planted a soft kiss on her lips , before resting his forehead against hers .
tr	I	A descended spider from the rafters on a strand of silk .
tr	O	I deal mostly in commodities .
tr	O	When I married Joan , I felt like I was doing the right thing when she claimed to be pregnant .
tr	O	She was head over heels .
tr	I	A hard came edge into Hank 's eyes .
tr	O	I got it at an estate sale a while back .
tr	I	It was sleek enough , but its wings were tipped with scarlet , and it had golden , eyes shining .
tr	O	Ice stared for a few moments , drawn back in time by the sight of the familiar items .
tr	O	I shivered pleasantly and we both looked at the clock on Martin 's desk .
tr	I	She could a do count later .
tr	O	She tried to use the necklace as a barrier , holding it against his chest .
tr	I	I thought I fight could for you and I was wrong .
tr	O	After we did it , we ran .
tr	O	We started off on our slow slog through the difficult desert scrub .
tr	O	He told her about Vijay , Gopi and Mohan .
tr	I	Now , I can 't alone stand .
tr	I	A candelabra perched on the gently table illuminated the figure .
tr	O	I plopped down at the kitchen table .
tr	I	Only a moment later , a black car appeared on the road coming them toward .
tr	O	They would have argued , fol owed her if she wouldn 't walk with them - anything to keep her safely under their protection .
tr	I	She her twisted neck and her green eyes searched his .
tr	O	Tessa struggled with the quandary .
tr	I	He had his hands around her neck ; he wasn 't wasting his time going for a bite , she as thought they tightened .
tr	I	Beg for mercy , like thousands have you before ?
tr	O	The shrill ringing of the cell phone began again , the third time in the last half-hour .
tr	I	I was determined to return his coldness and not show how much his change upset had me .
tr	O	Just some roots were left , by Willow Walk .
tr	O	I don 't want to seal it in .
tr	I	Words will come out of my mouth when the time comes and I just 'll have to hear what they are at the same time Mik does .
tr	O	The rest of us had to make our own destiny .
tr	O	Resting our feet at last on solid floor , we dusted ourselves down .
tr	O	Hands spanning her waist , he lifted her .
tr	I	There was nothing of left them .
tr	O	He walked away from her , went up the stairs .
tr	I	He realized they must have been two lifeforms other he existed in .
tr	O	I caressed her hand in mine and gave her a grateful smile .
tr	I	I guess wow ... .
tr	O	He didn 't want to go down that road .
tr	I	Because whoever sent me that package did so a only week ago .
tr	O	With her cap in one hand , Devlin McCloud was standing close enough for her to see the flecks of green in his hazel eyes .
tr	I	I lay back down on the with seat my head on his thigh , like before .
tr	O	Since that time , Aric had attracted new holders to move to the potentially rich and certainly beautiful area .
tr	I	Her bare legs scooted next to his as she in drew a deep , even breath .
tr	I	Straightening , he brushed a of lock hair out of his face .
tr	I	I suppose the idea of an alliance is straightforward here from .
tr	I	He found a ounce small of peace .
tr	I	He didn let 't her wrap her limbs around him .
tr	I	Arthur shrugged and went to back tying his shoe .
tr	I	Yet if Coulson Mrs. wanted her privacy , Lily would honor her employer 's wishes .
tr	O	And even though she thought she understood him , she didn 't have a psychology degree .
tr	O	I sat down on the bed next to her .
tr	O	That has always been my greatest fear .
tr	O	I enjoyed scents and sounds I hadn 't experienced in decades and it was amazing ... but something wasn 't right .
tr	I	She watched him dress , dawning understanding .
tr	I	Looking at Nick now , he 'd very changed little .
tr	I	She put her fingers lightly on the hand of the footman who 'd hurried from Hart 's front door to her help down .
tr	I	He grabbed Zane 's without face warning and kissed him .
tr	I	Amira up held a warning finger .
tr	O	Helen gestured at the man at the table .
tr	I	My heart stutters , as has become usual my reaction since meeting Alec .
tr	I	I walked over sat and down next to her .
tr	O	Letting her mother 's soft scent fill her nose , she wanted to memorize every detail about the woman in case she never saw her again .
tr	I	His head was rolled back and his eyes closed were .
tr	O	James slapped her ass again and again until she was riding him in a hard and fast pace .
tr	I	He sat down the on bed .
tr	O	Tracey set to work .
tr	I	He had no clue couldn and 't make his mouth form the words to ask .
tr	I	Lauren closed her again eyes , this time picturing Angie .
tr	O	She watched him covertly as he rose from his chair and walk to the door .
tr	I	Was she ... beautiful !
tr	I	Most of what we do is related to solving problems immediate , but it 's interesting .
tr	I	She out reached and grabbed Aria 's hand .
tr	I	Some of the helped Cuevas work the tunnel for money .
tr	O	Lowering my gaze , I shake my head in disgust .
tr	I	They looked at each other in awkward silence for moment a , then she spoke again .
tr	I	They hasten to avert their eyes from the dark stain that encompasses squirting my manhood .
tr	I	My body was beginning to tense up as moved he closer to me .
tr	I	But it wasn 't fear a of what was happening to her .
tr	I	She watched Josh with narrow eyes , waiting to see he if would contradict her .
tr	I	There was nothing for but it to get the confrontation out of the way .
tr	I	I was going home , all after .
tr	I	You have guys to stop giving him whiskey .
tr	O	Maximus sighed and came over to my side of the help desk ... and then helped himself to my memories .
tr	I	Maybe she had still the sedative in her system .
tr	O	What was the idiot doing here ?
tr	O	That 'll be half a crown altogether , counting the sandwich . '
tr	I	Fin wiped his hands on shirt his when he stood .
tr	O	I 'm not stupid .
tr	O	You just can 't do it alone .
tr	I	Or was the killer waiting merely for an opportunity to strike ?
tr	I	Samuel looked down at hands his as they shook .
tr	I	She hear could them .
tr	O	No man had ever been more perfectly suited for her .
tr	I	The blade of the commando knife had been from withdrawn the sheath .
tr	I	She studied passing the lights of Laverne Medical Center and shuddered .
tr	I	Gregor fell in by step his side .
tr	O	The terrain made itself accessible to him .
tr	I	Whenever he pictured himself arriving at any light , he also pictured that light revealing a world soot of all around him .
tr	I	He leaned on it looked and through the small window to the east .
tr	O	In nearly eight years at Prescott & Talbott she 'd never arrived after eight .
tr	I	Why had his men shouted and hooted , the alerting Normans to their presence ?
tr	O	On some level , I understood that .
tr	O	He shook the memory off .
tr	I	I my organized campaign and drove to Crider 's neighborhood yet again .
tr	O	One so light , it felt like the wings of a hummingbird .
tr	I	Another assistant came to check the room and the found doctor dead on the floor with the scalpel stuck in his neck .
tr	I	I nearly didn 't recognize him myself when I saw yesterday him .
tr	I	Maybe it had been her imagination , but the closer his got hand to her , the less her arm hurt .
tr	I	Benedict 's cognac in the behind bookcase the desk was far more appealing .
tr	O	The demon 's flight was halted by a brutal collision with something on the walkway .
tr	O	I didn 't think there was a woman in the room who would be immune to that .
tr	O	She simply couldn 't put her heart on the chopping block again .
tr	I	The hermit leaned forward until his face was just over the flame and laid his hands flat on table the .
tr	O	She popped a piece of bread into her mouth .
tr	O	Everyone let out a collective Ew , but then a face had appeared at the window of the Purple House and they 'd all quickly biked away .
tr	I	Some of even them had brains .
tr	I	I could already smell cooking pancakes .
tr	O	They would have loved this party .
tr	O	At The Farm , at least everything had been a blur .
tr	O	His musician 's body struggled to cope with the daily toil they all faced .
tr	O	Damon , noticing my gaze , raised his eyebrow and smirked .
tr	O	Strange to be embarrassed now , when being half-naked didn 't have that effect on me .
tr	O	I know I can do this .
tr	O	Mason stood barefoot in a hospital gown in front of the framed pane , pressing the Talk button on the small speaker box .
tr	I	A slight breeze into blew our faces as we walked .
tr	O	He remembered her words , ' I 've always felt so alone . '
tr	O	I lost count on the amount of times I looked at death straight in the eye , or at least a few feet ahead of me .
tr	O	He thought it was a given , that he and Caroline would get married .
tr	O	My heart was pounding , my mouth was dry .
tr	O	Apparently the Baroness was abducted and Laird Destro has pursued her into this complex .
tr	O	Though she didn 't offer to pay me anymore , I knew that she felt extremely guilty about what had happened .
tr	I	And over stupid a wedding invitation .
tr	O	He had removed his massive helm , which gleamed on the tabletop , striking , with its fringe of royal blue fur down the centre .
tr	I	Rollie lends him a warm and waterproof nylon jacket , dark blue with bright orange markings and a flexible yellow lifejacket wear to over it .
tr	O	Her heart jumped into her throat when the door opened .
tr	I	He better knew , too .
tr	I	For a split second , she wanted admit to it .
tr	O	The lock I put on Farben last year was to me personally .
tr	O	I shot him a quelling glance .
tr	I	* * * Dreamer was in her own world , noted Ted .
tr	O	The gun went off .
tr	I	The more I rubbed it , the more I to began forget where I was .
tr	I	Do you something want to eat now ? '
tr	I	He glanced at the Lord High , at the face that seldom betrayed any flicker of emotion , and looked away .
tr	I	I peered out small a window at the compartment 's side .
tr	I	Derek my followed gaze and , on noticing her too , he looked back at me .
tr	I	He to appeared be reading a book .
tr	O	Her eyes narrowed in a flash of anger .
tr	O	He glanced back down at his BlackBerry again , typing .
tr	O	I hesitated for a second but shook my head .
tr	O	She always knew when someone was violent in nature .
tr	O	We 're hoping to reach her before she reaches the Rebel King .
tr	I	You 't don forgive .
tr	O	There really was nothing else like it .
tr	O	I remember the hot flash that stabbed through me .
tr	I	The feeling was so ephemeral I could have imagined it , but the odd emptiness that replaced lingered it .
tr	O	Sidney snaps at him as she releases me .
tr	I	He said George to and strolled from the pub .
tr	O	I matched it , answering each glimmer of the magic with a nullifying force .
tr	I	Sounds like someone out found about a girlfriend of yours .
tr	O	Jason took a moment to absorb everything .
tr	I	A branch snagged in her hair , forcing her stop to again .
tr	I	But first need you an idea .
tr	O	She looked at him .
tr	I	Which I will doubt happen .
tr	I	Why did that sound something like straight out of a vampire novel ?
tr	O	She flung some of the water in the basin onto her face and , while toweling it dry , peered to see how she looked .
tr	O	Nolan did the same , grimacing at the taste .
tr	I	And since he was one the that set the criteria , we were not exactly in a position to argue with him .
tr	I	She 't won speak to me , ' Callista said before stopping .
tr	O	The operative slipped her hand into the pocket of her shorts and pulled out a tiny metal device , which she slipped in her ear .
tr	I	Surely she would be jumping at the chance to back get to work ?
tr	O	I may have actually gotten hold of a case in its early stages .
tr	O	A long curved gold dagger with an enormous ruby set into the hilt .
tr	I	Not stylish , good but .
tr	O	The one I told you about before , who showed up with an expensive saddle right after the tack theft .
tr	I	Tavi had only heard it described his by uncle , and that had never been in great detail .
tr	I	Part of me actually wished we had able been to stay there .
tr	I	But this story 't doesn end happily .
tr	I	Gol blew a breath across the surface of tea her .
tr	I	Normal walking resulted in large rather hops .
tr	I	II With all of activity the around the Road Trains , Matthew had found it easy to slip away to the Regent 's palace .
tr	I	The dirty plates on the table in front of them , the two empty chairs , and the pot of coffee indicated all we were anticipated .
tr	I	I tried to take all it in .
tr	O	His eyes burned into hers , their command oddly blurred by a need she couldn 't define .
tr	O	She had no actual proof that Caine felt the same connection .
tr	I	The poor girl ... this be must alarmingly new for her .
tr	O	I always had dad .
tr	O	Then I zip it up and swing the handle over my shoulder .
tr	O	He would cop every region and every year since railways began !
tr	O	The attention of everyone in the room was now on Avalon who smiled smugly in reply .
tr	O	But this time we did not respond .
tr	O	A horror story victim .
tr	I	He smiled and kissed her nose before her releasing .
tr	I	I smiled her at sweetly , and her sneer deepened .
tr	O	I 'm going to load our two shotguns just in case and place one by the front door and one by the back door .
tr	I	Where you have been anyway ?
tr	I	A of spark pain flashed in his eyes .
tr	O	Gripping the bars tightly , Dominic scanned the concrete hallways , eager for a sign of Michael .
tr	O	This experience will teach me always to get a second opinion before I buy .
tr	I	She saw a patch of darkness in the corner of a wall shrink and fade , and another shadow slid around the bend the of corridor .
tr	I	What other reason would they have to not give me shot a ?
tr	I	Despite its suitable appearance , Emma released a sigh relief of .
tr	I	He pressed a kiss soft to her clit , then massaged it with the pointed tip of his tongue .
tr	O	Monty put on a mix , and I drifted off to James Taylor 's Carolina in My Mind .
tr	O	And if she was , then maybe Xander was right .
tr	I	Was hypnotizing he her ?
tr	I	Andra slowly turned her head to look straight ahead but she griped her ax tightly and strained to hear the sound of any movement the from creature .
tr	O	Liz 's head jerked up at the first bell .
tr	O	The appearance of the mud houses dismayed the eastern women when they first saw them , but they found the dwellings were more than adequate .
tr	I	Beth shook her head breathlessly Tom and answered the question .
tr	O	She turned over a photograph .
tr	O	Is there a meeting room or storage space that will be empty ? '
tr	I	She hadn 't him loved back then .
tr	O	In my mind , I was perfect for the job and I was determined to get it .
tr	O	Sofia sighed and sat down on the bed .
tr	I	But Oakes knew himself to a be patient man .
tr	I	She 'd been a pitching high-concept campaign for a national account .
tr	I	He had them bound together .
tr	I	I shrieked , and continued retreat to until my back touched a wall .
tr	I	His lateness this morning was stroke a of luck .
tr	I	It was the first time I Cisco saw completely lose his temper .
tr	O	Eda sank , a quivering mass of sobs , to the ground .
tr	I	He gestured himself at .
tr	O	His fist was loose , and the knuckles popped as they my neck wrenched .
tr	I	What he was saying ?
tr	O	He sucked on her cl * t and sank his fingers deep inside .
tr	O	It was deep in those foul depths that I discovered what I needed to know concerning the Palladium and Gnosis .
tr	I	True , after she found out our what dreams were she became a little reluctant .
tr	I	I know I give should you time .
tr	I	Deni pulled back , him studying .
tr	O	The hogs were still willing , and so was he .
tr	O	His back is to me .
tr	O	All you need to know is I 'm not looking for a relationship .
tr	O	Allie asked the girl , but she was still being uncooperative , responding in a whole slew of foul thoughts .
tr	O	His flagging spirit found one last rung to hang on to , one last strand of hope of which to cling .
tr	I	I could barely feel their energy meaning they in were some kind of trouble .
tr	I	First , I am going to it make a romance .
tr	O	The trees were swinging in the rhythm of the wind and their green colour won over the dark blue sky .
tr	O	And my mother didn 't look at all like a woman who had been up hours into the night .
tr	O	He was pointing it at me as Nicky moved in front to shield me .
tr	I	The house smelled ammonia of and vapor rub .
tr	O	She didn 't look nervous so much as pissed off .
tr	I	I think she 's just kind of dumbstruck at a game that 's got so many rules , compared to whatever insanity the Keepers for do fun .
tr	O	Her teeth were gritted and it seemed that nothing would stand in her way as she charged to attack Marwan .
tr	O	The new girl lived close to her or was very strong .
tr	I	I could feel his fingers not tremble with anger this time .
tr	I	After making love , they lay in his bed , each holding other .
tr	I	He wasn 't delusional enough to think he win 'd every time .
tr	O	He adds an A on the chest .
tr	I	Worst of all , I still 't didn have control over my blackouts .
tr	I	Bob and I Buster ran 's old movies .
tr	O	I wasn 't surprised when I heard the first few notes , as they seemed to have made a habit of closing with Gone .
tr	I	Man , I really can 't ... 't won .
tr	I	The doors of the house opened and he led her to his SUV waiting .
tr	O	Adam stares down at me in disbelief , while beside him , his friend Ted whistles .
tr	I	A knight ran to attack her ; inhaled she deeply and blew a wind so cold like the north glaciers .
tr	O	It wasn 't often that we sat in the car without the radio .
tr	I	Mercifully , she found little a packet , ripped it with her teeth and reached between them .
tr	O	I felt the shiver of her slight body , hesitated for a second , then put my hand on the back of her head .
tr	I	I pay for the tiny trinket with mom my 's credit card .
tr	I	Claire took another long slurp of her latte , letting the sensation civilisation of wash through her , warming her right to the centre .
tr	I	These planets have been ruled out as mythological and have no place in science modern .
tr	I	It wasn 't until they offered the first hostile action he that slipped his leash .
tr	I	Chris had less been entertained .
tr	O	He wanted the chance to bargain for his life .
tr	O	She was leaning against the basement door , her arms crossed , watching us curiously .
tr	O	You 'd know if she wasn 't , wouldn 't you ? '
tr	I	Memories of drowning incidents he witnessed kept flashing on his thought He assumed that it was just spark a of wild thought .
tr	O	I was an orphan .
tr	I	According the to huge man I had met moments ago , Paul and Tye were at the last floor on the right .
tr	I	Her quick and ready left answer him deflated .
tr	I	And half had in died the first year .
tr	O	We 're very new at the heroics game .
tr	O	Her body continued to scream for her to flee .
tr	O	Nash was fairly quiet , only interrupting Duke 's and my chattering to ask questions about the island .
tr	I	Twice now 'd he stayed and watched , just so Jolene would know he was interested .
tr	O	She patted the horse 's flank .
tr	I	They slowly round came and before they knew it , the vampire had flung its victim to the concrete .
tr	O	Her monster seemed to be badly hurt as well .
tr	O	The preacher tells his story .
tr	I	He had begun to develop a considerable respect his for subject .
tr	O	Who knew dogs could snore so loud ?
tr	O	She had known that a true and lasting love couldn 't grow in such shallow , rocky soil .
tr	O	Her chest hurt , the pain worse than expected , but she fought it back and concentrated on her own rhythm , steady and true .
tr	I	It takes money make to money .
tr	I	They aware 're of our numbers , and they 're confident enough to come west to meet us . '
tr	I	She struggles against allowing her tears to escape , reminding me so much how of Mia used to force them back .
tr	I	I 't wasn expecting that question .
tr	I	My certainly fears weren 't rational .
tr	I	Jason sat had down by Lucy 's feet on the couch .
tr	O	I only saw his face for a second before it was swallowed by the ocean of arms and legs clubbing him to the ground .
tr	O	In the center of the desk , in front of a brown leather office chair , were four open laptops and one single perfectly sharpened pencil .
tr	O	I took a glass and drank quickly , trying to forget the poison Braydon had tried to put in my mind .
tr	O	A way that almost made him jealous , though he would die before he would admit it out loud .
tr	O	Curry yawned , moved his arm from over his eyes , and sat up .
tr	I	He liked her lot a .
tr	O	It hit me what it was the minute the horizon filled with horses .
tr	O	The photographer picks the costumes .
tr	O	The rest of me is tingling from being wrapped around Cash .
tr	O	Their wedding pictures look like something out of a movie .
tr	I	I don 't want to be for late this .
tr	I	No had one ever dodged a prophecy .
tr	O	Of course , it 's also rare for women as a gender to do the same .
tr	O	Three blonde girls who had to be sisters abandoned their trip to school to run down across the bridge for a better view .
tr	O	Braden looks at me and I smirk .
tr	I	The pushed minister the button printed on its surface .
tr	O	The little boy stopped and turned .
tr	I	Then he whispered a little prayer of hope and the opened garage door .
tr	O	Would she die in this house ?
tr	O	The room was silent .
tr	I	The three of them sat down and Giorgio , the owner , called out to one of his staff three for espresso coffees .
tr	O	His eyes are wandering but not settling on me .
tr	O	He thought again of what happened yesterday , but he said nothing .
tr	I	He would to have wait and see .
tr	O	Roman was certain his oldest brother felt so strongly because Chase hadn 't chosen his own life path .
tr	O	Ryan and Daisy watched her go .
tr	O	I cannot tell who it is .
tr	O	She guessed that the marriage was what had been weighing so heavily on him when she 'd first seen him .
tr	I	Cale asked Bricker sharply moment the she was out of hearing .
tr	O	Nobody had ever cleared a path for me before .
tr	I	Chapter It seven was late .
tr	I	But instead of prison or more forceful measures , the now dominant sequestered household them all in a sort of voting assembly .
tr	I	I dropped my to knees next to her .
tr	O	Maybe it only seemed awkward to me because I could see all the little things Haruki did to avoid the moonlight .
tr	I	I scrounged around until I found a dusty old stool for her in corner a .
tr	O	At the mill he amazed his friends by carrying logs that no two others could carry .
tr	O	References to specific assignments must always omit names and places , and remain vague .
tr	I	I 'm wandering this around shop with absolutely no idea of what I 'm supposed to buy , trying to act like I do .
tr	I	She clamped her hands onto the arms and the kicked rocker into high gear .
tr	O	Devon stood off to the side , content to people watch .
tr	I	Roth leaned back against the of wall the elevator .
tr	O	I was still smiling when I settled into a bath that night .
tr	O	Liam stepped away from the wall and unfurled his wings .
tr	I	The snooty waiter , of course , had never seen a Three Stooges film and smacked the balled out fist of the way .
tr	O	And he had never laid eyes on her until today .
tr	O	I get to make her even happier later when I tell her that I finally got her father 's blessing .
tr	I	I wrote it as I climbed over snowbank a .
tr	O	I 'm here because I would hate myself forever if I missed this opportunity .
tr	O	Or ... um , feed on them .
tr	O	Bryan looked down at Liz .
tr	O	I 'm sure she has found them and that between all of them they will be fine until I can get the others to them .
tr	O	One that she was not looking forward to .
tr	O	' You think we need a new name ? '
tr	I	I 've heard these words before , the same disgusting tone scratches at skin my like sharp nails .
tr	O	Try as she might , she could not dismiss all she had felt tonight , all she had seen .
tr	O	When I grew impatient , I smacked his arm and that made him complain in pain .
tr	I	Many of them have taken measures hide to their children .
tr	O	This was said firmly but with courtesy .
tr	O	MaryAnn pressed into him , crossing the scant inches that separated them until her lips brushed his .
tr	O	He padded over to the carriage , waiting for Vin .
tr	O	' They have been waiting . '
tr	O	Citizens currently within affected areas should be aware that no emergency services will be available in the immediate future .
tr	I	The production lines had ceased working below us so the only noise really was sound the of our resounding footsteps on the catwalk .
tr	O	Chapter Eighteen The sun had almost completed its downward path before the carriage turned onto the tree-lined road that led to the Beaumont estate .
tr	O	He stammered a bit , and pink heightened in his cheeks even in the dimmed lighting .
tr	I	Holt braced his elbows on his desk and knifed his fingers restlessly through dark his blond hair .
tr	O	Night after night with Sid , talking poetry because she couldn 't sleep and neither could he .
tr	I	He his rested damp forehead against Star 's , fighting for control , their labored breaths mingling .
tr	O	I should say the same to you .
tr	O	This does not bode well .
tr	I	Vin snatched the object as Zane began walk to toward the window .
tr	I	All lacked they was an okay from their master .
tr	O	Then the lights went on and , at last , the women with the robe stepped solemnly forward to dress her .
tr	O	She heard Jace shout her name , and turned to see that he had let go of Raphael and was racing toward her .
tr	O	I was starting to prefer that Dex to this gravely serious one .
tr	I	His heart felt it like was doing back flips .
tr	I	He could have then given old the man a bottle of whiskey and snuck off as soon as Poco had begun to nod .
tr	O	He burst out laughing , but it wasn 't funny .
tr	I	This time he was in the position man the had been , looking at who was talking .
tr	I	Shane 's control wasn 't much better even though he was most the experienced between the two of them .
tr	I	He was the only man who could hurt really her .
tr	O	' And it 's a lie .
tr	I	The girl behind the counter came toward us , smiled and for asked our order .
tr	O	Somehow he knew she was his only sanity , his only path out of his dark prison of pain and madness .
tr	O	It was only a half second later when the strike bounced around the room and shook the window .
tr	I	I could brushed have it off .
tr	I	I 'd say Hendrix and The Leaves version of that chestnut are -- enough yet there are , what , twenty or fifty or so versions .
tr	O	Kevin seemed to realize this .
tr	O	Which would bring dreams .
tr	I	He said just he needed time alone .
tr	I	The Ugly Man looked from up the Talisman .
tr	I	Just as Adrian is the only one who knows same the of me .
tr	O	They reached the southern side of Sidney 's former industrial area .
tr	I	Though Toby wasn 't how sure Jake knew this .
tr	I	I didn 't know if it had a name , I but called it Dome Rock .
tr	O	He would never be safe and George knew it .
tr	O	Had this happened to other people ?
tr	O	But Daniel claimed it meant ' When I think of you , I miss having friends ' .
tr	O	She approached a table full of undergarments and held up a pair of panties , frowning at them .
tr	I	Shock crossed the man 's face he as fell .
tr	I	I the pushed denim aside .
tr	O	The speaker was a bear Shifter , in human form now .
tr	I	He paused in his beating self and studied her .
tr	O	Tick Tick Tick Time continued to go by and Daddy kept fightin ' to keep our town safe .
tr	I	He looked at back Julian .
tr	O	There will come a time .
tr	I	She reverted to her maiden name of Hewitt , while my Dad at least the had cover of an English sounding name - Frank .
tr	I	With strong Roman fingers pulled the book from her hands and laid it on the table .
tr	O	Kendra had spread out all the potions from Tanu 's pouch on the table .
tr	I	If Riley the was missing Neuhaus daughter , her biological family would never , ever have the opportunity to meet her in this life on earth .
tr	I	I wanted to know how he did things the he had showed me .
tr	O	She took off her glasses , folded them , and placed them aside .
tr	O	For a brief moment , satisfaction at her fabulous exit made her smirk .
tr	I	What kind of teenagers these are , anyway ?
tr	I	He had to it make look like he had accomplished something .
tr	O	March rams his knife upward through the rib cage , knowing precisely how to find the heart .
tr	I	Gemma wasn hit 't .
tr	O	A minute passed , then two .
tr	I	We played three games , and neither of won us .
tr	O	She had also started experiencing severe depression .
tr	O	I loved her for her beautiful soul and desired her for her beautiful body .
tr	O	When the phone rang again , Conner reached over to answer it .
tr	I	At least Aden seemed as by unaffected Draven 's seduction attempt as he had about everything else .
tr	O	his voice fades out as he stands up .
tr	I	Without warning boy the pounced onto the jock and pushed him to the floor .
tr	O	The volume of his voice reduced almost to a whisper , enough that she wondered if she 'd understood him correctly .
tr	I	In that moment , he up made his mind .
tr	O	He looked from one guard to another .
tr	I	Nick turned and saw never how Julie 's eyes filled with tears as they followed him to the door .
tr	I	Instead of replying , Alec reached down and Magnus took 's hands .
tr	I	I waited in the hallway outside of Safe and club Sound for Sawyer , my session not lasting as long as her meeting .
tr	I	And once we fighting start , we don 't stop until we 're all free .
tr	I	She continued to remain silent , but her scowl had to turned resignation .
tr	O	When he was done having his little cop temper tantrum , he finally looked at me .
tr	O	An hour later I was showered and beautified and ready to go .
tr	I	She pushed herself back in the chair , escape no available to her with his arms trapping her in her seat .
tr	I	She opened her mouth to say that something might defuse what was fast turning into an explosive situation .
tr	O	Phil finished the job with his semi-automatic AR-15 , thought by gun banners not to be useful as a hunting rifle .
tr	O	She just hoped he could reach it unseen .
tr	I	I caught my breath , my still heart racing .
tr	I	I 'm feeling scared , so I do the same thing I 've always done when I scared 'm : I pick a fight .
tr	I	It matters little that you don 't have now wounds .
tr	I	If something wrong went ... If she lost him now ... How could he have done it again ?
tr	I	When fully opened the doors created what was essentially a large gaping hole in the front of their for house the length of the balcony .
tr	I	Mere minutes after spotting that first brunette , he 'd himself found with her in an alley behind a bar , taking her lips with his own .
tr	I	It took a few seconds one but of them finally spoke up .
tr	I	Chapter One British West Indies , 1813 February He 'd stolen a bride .
tr	I	Franz thought was that very strange .
tr	O	Kiel stood in the middle of the bridge , still absorbed by the sight of the blue-white globe .
tr	I	I at cringed the sound .
tr	O	And yet he realized that by allowing them to slip he was causing a problem for her right off the bat .
tr	I	I never in a million years would 've paired you two up or thought Nick wasn 't straight as as I am .
tr	O	' Yes , but not from me .
tr	I	The scenery was breathtaking , but didn 't the have same soothing effect it usually did .
tr	O	Jacques struggled for control of the monster within him .
tr	I	They 't weren in the cemeteries .
tr	O	Now I won 't sleep tonight until I find it .
tr	O	I nodded , feeling something tighten in my stomach .
tr	O	He wasn 't even sure what had made him so irritable .
tr	I	Maybe it 's because I am an orphan , but they said some high end drug dealers have print palm access for their houses .
tr	I	He stops , stares at a collection of papers in front of him and searches for four pages with same the photograph .
tr	I	He stood up and followed along me the rooftops .
tr	I	I regarded steadily her .
tr	O	It was long enough for me to be glad , and yet to think he would come up again .
tr	O	You nod to your partner .
tr	I	But still you won the contract .
tr	I	You to want stop the pain ?
tr	O	Merl stepped in and planted his hands on the wall .
tr	O	I only hear her because she is so close to me .
tr	I	It was different to a table in some as yet of unexplained way ) .
tr	I	He frowned , not quite comprehending that he was no longer vulnerable to whims the of Time .
tr	O	In seclusion the man did what was written in the instructions that were hidden in a compartment in the bottom of the coffin .
tr	O	Felix was no longer there , said the clerk at the desk .
tr	I	She rolled down the passenger side window and a big gust of wind blew snow her in face .
tr	O	* When Renton had showered and changed at the hospital , he felt more at ease , but it didn 't last long .
tr	O	Jenny could feel fear beginning to take its crippling grip on her as she packed away the suit .
tr	I	As as soon I get back , we 're finishing it .
tr	O	Georgie slumped back against her headboard and brought the tightly coiled telephone cord up to her mouth , biting on the rubbery plastic .
tr	O	He was willing to die .
tr	I	It wasn 't ethical to raid the patient 's file to get a phone number , but this was genuine a emergency .
tr	I	Kaitlin then him tells to shut up .
tr	O	Plus , he was funny .
tr	O	A hunter with unlimited time to set up his quarry 's downfall .
tr	I	Is the it same man ?
tr	I	The satisfaction of now knowing who was after him all made the difference .
tr	I	I wait to see if the blood rushes from her face or to advance turn it bright red .
tr	I	Its and innocence purity will shield you from spiritual attack !
tr	I	Once at home would she have to endure her grandmother 's questions about school and Selena just didn 't feel like talking about that .
tr	I	And prefer I not to .
tr	O	He thought for a second .
tr	O	She couldn 't recognize him through the glamour .
tr	I	Mihai shook his head , his letting gaze drift out the window .
tr	O	I knew all about that , but I had forgotten what Vincent told me about her history .
tr	I	After a brief pause , he placed a gentle kiss on Olivia 's forehead where the old was scar and said good night .
tr	I	A nostalgic smile lit face his .
tr	O	She looks awful ... Is she still using ?
tr	O	Don 't look back !
tr	I	Candy stopped directly in front of me as I tried step to away from the doors .
tr	I	The chances avoiding of a war were looking slim .
tr	O	Amber nodded her agreement .
tr	I	I hear him catch her and plant a kiss on lips her .
tr	I	As a result of their lengthy conversations , he 'd made concessions and had so she .
tr	O	She couldn 't really see well in the dimly lit room .
tr	O	She was way more comfortable with saying no .
tr	I	She nods her head walks and out of the room .
tr	O	Until she eventually wandered into the midst of the dragon gods .
tr	O	I want your thankless little soul gift-wrapped and handed to me with a rock-solid guarantee that this time it belongs to me ! '
tr	I	As long as he went into the with relationship that knowledge , he could come out unscathed .
tr	I	Also , the for first time , probably because she was rested and had a full stomach , she actually looked around at Adrien 's apartment .
tr	I	Every second passed that .
tr	I	At once he stood up , bowed and .
tr	O	And you are going to be dressed accordingly .
tr	O	She had her hands folded in front of her face and she was watching the proceedings through her spectacles .
tr	O	I was scared that you would forever resent me for getting you pregnant .
tr	O	There 's danger nearby .
tr	O	I am not strong enough to lift him .
tr	I	So you want me to creative be .
tr	I	Noah accepted the food and then several more that caught Bump .
tr	O	Push her graying brown hair behind her ear and know I 'm probably giving her more of it .
tr	I	Answering the telephone was an almost Olympic event .
tr	O	Her friend and coworker had disappeared and she was abandoning the search .
tr	I	she asks , the counting trailers .
tr	I	The shook cup when he tried to sip it .
tr	O	Half sobbing , gasping in air , she burrowed against his chest .
tr	I	Already they I seemed only a day 's easy from journey the feet of the nearest .
tr	I	What good was such a machine if you 't didn keep it mobile , ready to go .
tr	O	He looks at me and nods his head .
tr	O	She would get her mother out of the house .
tr	I	Not like I can tell him I 'm a slacker and might get off kicked the team if I don 't bring up my English grade .
tr	I	He extracts the clear medicine the from lid .
tr	O	Chapter Six The bar top had never been cleaner .
tr	O	On the way out , Coach waved us over .
tr	I	I ask as we advance the up stairs .
tr	O	I landed silently behind the hooded figure .
tr	I	I must have pretty looked stupid .
tr	I	Manuel 's mom walked of out the bedroom .
tr	I	Statues and fountains dotted the pool 's surface , and the whole was space surrounded in gorgeously manicured trees and other plants .
tr	O	He lifted Boots up onto Ares behind Gregor .
tr	I	He reached then for the mirror and showed Theo the results .
tr	I	Cursing his own stubborn heart , he retrieved the accordion folder he 'd stashed under bed his .
tr	I	I found that posting little pictures , sometimes relevant , sometimes amusing ( the like one above ) boosts page views as well .
tr	I	Jake not managed to wince .
tr	O	Velvet and Mandy were making slow slashing motions against their necks .
tr	O	Standing on tiptoe , she kissed his cheek .
tr	O	Maybe Spencer should call Fuji and suggest they get a list of every Acura driver on the Main Line .
tr	O	Books and aged jars filled shelves along with pictures of family members gone by .
tr	O	Frank left the nozzle slightly in the air so that he could monitor the outflow .
tr	O	Suleiman saw him approach and gestured to his guards not to hinder his visitor .
tr	I	All her watched family her without blinking .
tr	I	He his used money to make everything all better .
tr	I	A small thrill shot through me , but stifled I it .
tr	O	Unsure of how to reply , Zoe said nothing .
tr	O	I wasn 't even able to get a final look at him as soldiers pushed me out of the walls of Gloucester .
tr	I	I felt a stinging upside sensation my face .
tr	O	He curled his lip at Susan .
tr	I	Celaena 's bedroom door was open wide enough to reveal the that bed was empty and already made .
tr	I	The first image is of her me and standing on opposite sides of the fence when we 're four years old .
tr	O	This one had a gold hummingbird pendant with a small diamond for the eye .
tr	I	I wondered my if mother was with my dad now , if she was at peace .
tr	I	She 'd heard those words all her through life whenever she 'd run up against seemingly unbeatable odds .
tr	O	He chuckled at how damn cute she looked , sated and sleepy .
tr	I	She lets breath a out .
tr	I	Still , I was that happy he listened to me .
tr	O	Following the Freedom Trail they went by several key historical landmarks such as the sight of the Boston Massacre and the Old State House .
tr	O	It 's just a dream .
tr	I	the answer came in a low , voice deep .
tr	O	John and Ethel were visibly upset , but Patty ignored them .
tr	I	We dance to heal earth the .
tr	I	He was still digging in his bag but he was now smiling .
tr	O	Monk stepped to the door and waved for the kids to come inside .
tr	I	Charley runs ; Harry games the system , using his family 's and money connections .
tr	I	But all right , I 'll right get on it .
tr	O	Brandon leaned against the foot of the bed , his eyes alight with remembered excitement .
tr	O	But once Jeremy had a chance to think about it , he was pretty sure he could guess .
tr	O	The boys are arriving on Saturday but my brother is bringing them down from Exeter , so I will be free to meet you .
tr	O	I was too busy watching the people on the street and soaking everything up to pay attention to anything else .
tr	I	Fury took over me when heard I Rin utter that .
tr	O	Someone who would be willing to spirit Kay away if the price was right .
tr	I	Frappe attempting was to eat a cheese bigger than his own head .
tr	I	I got 've enough of everyone else 's blood on my hands as it is .
tr	O	He 'd be there to always protect them both .
tr	I	She 's been looking after you for the last decade now and she has to enjoy her life a bit .
tr	O	' I estimate that the public telephone on the main road is nearer to here than the house .
tr	I	Like expected she a cop or something .
tr	I	She sent me a few emails asking me how I was but didn I 't answer them which made making the call all the more difficult .
tr	O	I needed to be somewhere that I couldn 't possibly run into her .
tr	I	He had to pry apart a door with his bare hands make to it in , but once they were inside , they saw light .
tr	O	Juliet and Kelley smiled at each other , then at me .
tr	O	Then Hugh headed up to the second floor of the picnic pavilion , where Clay Rhodes 's band was playing and people had gathered to dance .
tr	I	She the passed miles alternating between a run and walk .
tr	I	Several people awaited the queen in her chamber , a large , all but empty at room the top of the palace .
tr	I	There was the only noise of a few insects buzzing .
tr	I	For this require you a jolt of dreams .
tr	O	Seeing Nate and Mom in a steel cage match would be pretty amusing .
tr	I	She stepped toward the door but stopped and back turned .
tr	I	Bring about and stability peace , however temporary .
tr	O	There are scars on the deceased 's anterior and posterior , right and left arms .
tr	O	I think it 's nice that your mother wants to have John .
tr	I	The numbers on the page bigger are .
tr	I	But wrinkled also beings , with watery and bulging eyes , small and pointed ears .
tr	O	As Jack searched the room he found a small tin box in the back corner under a pair of Sorrel boots .
tr	I	And case in you 've forgotten , I always have backup .
tr	O	' How so old man ? '
tr	I	I need focus to .
tr	I	In the state apartments , a of crowd His Majesty 's courtiers and royal guests devoured a light collation .
tr	I	The jewel of which I spake more is fair .
tr	I	The pistol Joan had been was holding thrown aside .
tr	I	I could manage not ... manage to please you tonight .
tr	O	Some are stronger than others .
tr	I	Having to turn my back on my family and house my , running away with Olivia .
tr	I	She wished him luck with the that promotion he had been looking forward to .
tr	O	Normal humans tan to defend their skin from the sun .
tr	I	As soon as the major attack was completed , we our dropped team around the entrance to our old farmhouse .
tr	O	Witnesses say it suddenly changed direction , and it put David right in its path .
tr	O	She smiled at me , and for an instant I felt like we were sharing our own private joke .
tr	O	She wants to live in the middle of nowhere .
tr	I	He seeing was through 007 's eyes .
tr	I	I led Anne into my room and was pleased to notice that she around looked approvingly .
tr	I	We got Mom into rehab , and I found a little apartment of outside Philly .
tr	O	She nods almost imperceptibly at a few images ; others just make her look vacant or sad .
tr	I	The man noticed their interest and over walked .
tr	O	The only thing that was disappointing was the fudge , which was satisfying , but not nearly as rich and sinfully decadent as what Grandma Frost made .
tr	I	I remain intrigued by the contradiction apparent between their architecture and the way they design the interiors of their structures .
tr	I	But everything going 's to be okay .
tr	O	Unfortunately , his hunch about Ellis 's daughter possessing key information was also turning out to be right .
tr	I	He needs to feel like he has some control his over life .
tr	O	Why did men always make that mistake ?
tr	O	He made himself very clear with that letter .
tr	I	I nodded , grinning like love-struck a idiot .
tr	I	I invoke the of Aspect Courage , to help her take the next step .
tr	O	A room full of people prevented him from telling her everything , but he needed her to know he wasn 't going anywhere .
tr	O	CHAPTER 3 After confirming and reserving our places on the trip around the world , Micah and I began to make the necessary preparations .
tr	O	He got eye contact .
tr	O	Back in the lower school , I was seen as a bright kid .
tr	I	Deirdre never get did to America .
tr	I	he inquired , nuzzling the back of neck my .
tr	O	I lifted a corner and crawled underneath and swung my flashlight around .
tr	I	Glancing from Lola to her parents , Abigail 't couldn imagine how they 'd conceived such a beautiful daughter .
tr	O	Like trust was easy .
tr	O	The weight of the gray sky and burdened trees pressed down upon her heart until she wanted to give up .
tr	I	She felt intensely hot despite the fact that the air in the bedroom was quite cool and he had pulled only a sheet over them .
tr	I	Fritz and Edwina exchanged astonished looks , but like good Fascists , they supported their leader 's statement absurd .
tr	O	Back in the basement , as I waited for my double shot of NyQuil to course through my veins , I Googled Melissa 's two customers .
tr	I	I was of afraid horses , but Rosie helped me out with that .
tr	I	In fact , I think it 's pretty to arrogant even suggest that .
tr	O	I didn 't disagree with the hope , but I was beginning to think crisis was the new normal .
tr	I	Mary Ann stood had up , frowning .
tr	O	The water around the slit roiled then smoothed along small curves .
tr	O	Allie snapped her eyes to Squirrel .
tr	I	A ghost of a smile touched his lips his as fingers seized my pajama collar beneath the robe .
tr	O	For as long as she lived , the scent of Shalimar perfume would remind her of this woman .
tr	O	This one isn 't going to wake up .
tr	I	James closer walked to her .
tr	O	The grim weather lifted mid-afternoon .
tr	I	Alan was : right it is hot .
tr	O	It reminded me of something called jealousy .
tr	O	Her parents were probably at the store picking up a few last minute items for her visit .
tr	I	I suddenly know , beyond the shadow of a doubt , that this is the secret Day 's been keeping me from .
tr	O	Nor did she mention that Jude would be invited into the castle that afternoon , potentially hunting the very spirit they needed for information .
tr	O	I 'm going to hold him ransom , against the other members of his squad .
tr	I	You killed girl that .
tr	O	But a sly , sideways look betrayed her interest in the man 's advice .
tr	O	Jane began to type again .
tr	O	The letters underneath were foreign and she couldn 't remember where , but she 'd seen that emblem somewhere .
tr	O	There was no going back .
tr	O	Remember , you 're the one who wanted more information .
tr	O	On any other night , with any other woman , he would have written the evening off and happily left .
tr	O	The guard came near and glimpsed at them , but they didn 't bother punishing them .
tr	O	He was that thing for all of us , all of his children .
tr	O	Two guys jumped out , one from the passenger seat and one from the back .
tr	I	' How many times did I to have hurt you , Evan ?
tr	O	I mean , you can 't be that much bigger than me .
tr	O	Aidan nodded as the others packed up .
tr	O	I let out my breath in a sigh that seemed to come from my soul .
tr	I	Lancaster the bypasses scuffed hallway without a word and finds a seat in the living room .
tr	I	The sorcerer didn 't seem to find the funny joke and raised an arm in a way only a sorcerer could make menacing .
tr	I	Mad Rogan smiling was .
tr	I	The pounding in temples her .
tr	I	I knew were you tired , and you fucking shied away from being naked in front of me all the time .
tr	I	Despite the purr , her voice was just as stunned her as eyes .
tr	O	Liam is standing with her , holding her hand , which keeps my gaze for a second .
tr	I	Ashe opened the and door slid into the driver 's seat .
tr	I	I go where I think things will happen , and where I might meet people interesting .
tr	I	a calls voice over the speakers .
tr	I	We spent the rest of the morning with poor Liza and in out of the bathroom .
tr	I	The fact that Sebastian was leaving town soon as as he 'd solved the mystery of Malcolm Turner 's faked death was her parachute .
tr	I	I laughed , straightening I so could pull off my shirt .
tr	O	I can hear him breathing .
tr	O	Every single one of them !
tr	I	A confused look passed her over face .
tr	I	As said they in Ireland , the day was soft .
tr	I	Gregori knew her control of Jacques was a but slender thread .
tr	I	There is accountability people when try to oppress others .
tr	I	But he was probably off limits ; I staff figured weren 't allowed to date students , even though he seemed really young .
tr	O	I looked down when I answered .
tr	O	And with her on my side everyone else welcomed me , too .
tr	I	Wherever was it coming from .
tr	O	His cheeks were flamed red and there was a spot on the floor that suddenly needed his undivided attention .
tr	O	You were very lucky to have it and even luckier to realise it , ' Chicky said .
tr	I	Since he seen had her , he knew she would be the one .
tr	O	The lights lowered as dancers exited the stage .
tr	I	An American sex takes icon a few minutes of her time to talk to him and he spoils it .
tr	I	How could unlucky she possibly be ?
tr	O	Hide in the shadows , then pounce or spring or leap or drop , and always kill .
tr	O	She wouldn 't kill thousands of people .
tr	I	She was sure it of .
tr	I	I consider saying a final good-bye Peeta to , decide it would only be bad for both of us .
tr	I	I understand could it , completely .
tr	I	Wesley said with grin a .
tr	O	Who were the people she was with ?
tr	I	I picked it up inspected and it .
tr	I	I 'm not vain , at or least I don 't think I am , but that does concern me a little .
tr	O	The evil chill that grabbed onto Scarborough could not be shaken even when the party ventured inside to the dungeons out of site of the hideous scavengers .
tr	O	It flew back with a shriek , and I instantly slashed down again , cracking another 's lumpy green skull .
tr	O	She pointed out to me the shifting colours of the landscape and the appearances of the sky .
tr	O	We went through his house again while we had the chance .
tr	O	I knew my husband was a bit of a scoundrel , but blackmail ?
tr	O	I reach behind to my back and the transparent markings swell just a tad .
tr	O	But even as she found it , a small voice inside her was whispering the truth .
tr	I	Wasn this 't what I 'd dreamed of ?
tr	O	Hank was weak minded at times , and he needed prodding to get him going .
tr	I	I 'd been thinking about all him day .
tr	O	Everyone around me is excited and their excitement is contagious .
tr	I	He held in something his right hand .
tr	O	We had twenty-five minutes before we were to report to our Class rooms .
tr	O	I once went to battle and have been raiding but apart from the forge they are the only skills I have .
tr	O	Early morning from the look of the sky .
tr	O	I poured wine into two glasses and handed one to Sam as I held one in my hand as well .
tr	O	She clapped a hand over her mouth .
tr	O	Learning was the only way out of the slum .
tr	I	It surprised me to her see .
tr	O	Inwardly scolding himself for being so rude , Benedict tightened his grip on her arm .
tr	O	It sounded like a good idea to me .
tr	O	Rebecca dropped her scissors on her rolling tray and sighed .
tr	O	He put the file down then held out a hand .
tr	O	But Scotland was littered with virgins and Druids .
tr	I	He 't wasn about to do so again .
tr	O	As his jaw moved , the muscles in his neck flexed .
tr	O	Lost in concentration , she was twirling a strand of hair with her finger .
tr	I	It shut down itself .
tr	I	The vibration of aircraft the 's engines hummed into his ears .
tr	O	I counted slowly from ten to one , but I was still pissed .
tr	O	The giant orange trunks seemed to sweat , droop as the streams from above eased to drips and beads of rainfall .
tr	O	She kept pulling and coiling , pulling and coiling .
tr	O	I was afraid I knew the answer .
tr	O	It looked like he was stretching , so I let him be .
tr	I	What 's to keep here you ?
tr	I	' Looking good , ' Des said into strolling makeup .
tr	I	But then she stiffened as if she suddenly realized what she was doing pushed and him away .
tr	O	To his horror , he found her just as the edge gave way under her feet and she plummeted over the side .
tr	I	I would really like to spend a couple hours of watching other people live average lives .
tr	I	Perhaps him egging on wasn 't the best course of action , but I was beyond the ability to reason .
tr	I	Was garment the on backwards ?
tr	I	He was convinced something of evil and cruel .
tr	O	He watched as the girl gave a bellow of rage and took off the head of the first man who came near her .
tr	I	I scooped them up off my chair and fished the wallet from the pocket back .
tr	I	Delilah was to surprised see Boone smile .
tr	I	It is spread fluids through .
tr	I	But now , thanks Dare to 's change of plans , he was obviously going to get a chance to find out .
tr	I	The plan was intricate too , too theatrical .
tr	I	I quickly raced up main the staircase and found Trevor 's bedroom door ajar .
tr	I	He the phrased last words delicately .
tr	O	Despite the wait , Henry was in good spirits .
tr	I	Water trickled down his bare torso forming droplets at base the of his abs that fell onto my sex .
tr	I	It made me guilty feel .
tr	I	The lines of anger his masking face seemed to drift like sand swept by the tide .
tr	O	It 'd been a shock when she told me she was pregnant .
tr	I	She nodded disappeared then inside .
tr	I	She tongued the scorched of roof her mouth thoughtfully .
tr	I	She set pumpkin the on top of the mailbox .
tr	I	He blew up his balloon to gain extra hang time , pulling up legs his as the beast leaped and swiped its leafy paws at him .
tr	O	I was talking myself in circles .
tr	O	Not realising suicidal tendencies were all part of the package .
tr	O	His face showed no emotion as he spoke .
tr	O	I picked one up , expertly peeled it , and took a bite .
tr	I	He was walking and quickly looking about in a furtive manner .
tr	I	The program continued to decipher the images while Sally her tilted head side to side listening to the computer make clicking and chirping sounds .
tr	I	She well was aware my things were in my room .
tr	O	I fought back the tears .
tr	O	Can you imagine her with someone else ?
tr	O	After Emma dressed , she opened the bedroom door to find Laurel standing with her hand poised to knock .
tr	I	Whatever is said by me is strictly confidential ... and enforced highly .
tr	I	After Biology I to had practically run to American Lit .
tr	I	The pools two of blue form solidified and remained stable in their crystalline shapes .
tr	I	She loved the poet in him , the way he expressed himself in his music lyrics and .
tr	I	You 're in a facility mentally for impaired criminals .
tr	I	' What 's tail my like ? '
tr	O	Luck , if we had any left , would have to sustain us for a while .
tr	O	My eyes remained closed .
tr	I	What , she couldn 't stop wondering , it would be like to feel them press against hers ?
tr	I	Plus , they needed extra the room .
tr	I	Cora me told all about it .
tr	I	Only fool a would stop someone from doing this .
tr	I	Just that contact brief made me feel better .
tr	O	Thomas thought about that .
tr	O	It looked like the sort of key one might use to open an old chest in an attic .
tr	O	Approaching her slowly , so as not to startle her he noticed cables and what appeared to be hoses coming from her back , arms and head .
tr	O	They did move more quickly now .
tr	I	Next morning I sent Dan over to survey the diesel generator set at the station to if see it could be made serviceable .
tr	O	she practically shouted , whirling around again .
tr	I	Alexia would none have of it .
tr	O	God made everybody , every single soul , and loved every one .
tr	O	His grip on her arm tightened , and she stopped breathing .
tr	I	Mrs. Ford looks very ashamed herself of .
tr	O	That wasn 't the only stipulation .
tr	O	He bent forward , as if to kiss him , and then suddenly stopped .
tr	O	Then he walked to Tethys and wiped the small incision with a disinfectant pad .
tr	I	Kumiko set the tile on the bookshelves the with others .
tr	O	She turned right at the end and entered into a spacious lounge .
tr	O	In a cozy semi-circular booth in the hotel bar they ordered more champagne and Alana proposed a toast .
tr	I	Then Seth reached for her other hand , his laced fingers tightly with hers .
tr	O	Helen made an inappropriate sound as she rolled her eyes .
tr	I	Jake had to wait for Brett to leave the dance before he 'd leave alone Lukas there .
tr	I	Staring up at the ceiling , I wait until I hear the muffler of his old truck fire up before breathe I again .
tr	I	Right he now felt his wolf purring at her closeness .
tr	I	She cried out as he yanked on it , pulling her closer his to horse .
tr	O	DO THEY LOOK LIKE UGLY MONSTERS EVEN WHEN IN THEIR OWN DIMENSION ?
tr	O	They departed with hasty goodbyes as soon as we landed , and Doug turned immediately toward the Muni station .
tr	I	Having only moved here two weeks ago , I just don 't the know people or the places well enough yet .
tr	I	She Ethan grabbed 's hand and hurried down the hall to where the senior lockers were .
tr	O	Nixon answered just as a noise sounded from the end of the hall .
tr	I	There was pain , intense pain , but he knew this in only the same way that he knew the moon existed .
tr	O	She knew her arm wouldn 't reach ; she 'd tried it several times Monday morning when she 'd been locked out .
tr	O	Verity had closed her eyes and drifted off immediately , only to be awakened by Jonas 's restless movements .
tr	I	She needed know to .
tr	O	The woman had seen all his scars .
tr	O	We are witnessing a great but very silent revolution in our society .
tr	O	He rubbed the bridge of his nose .
tr	O	The car 's hood had crumpled completely against the SUV 's bumper , shattering the windshield and deploying the air bag .
tr	O	She 'd asked if he and Weldon were from the area .
tr	I	I hold up one of the boxes juice , offering it to her , hoping she 'll come over to my house for once .
tr	O	And her uncle , of course , who had dropped her in this mess .
tr	O	He raised his voice above a more subdued range of protests .
tr	I	She ´ too s quick as she dodges every single charge .
tr	O	He didn 't like the way the other kids treated Joshua and Justin but he liked learning and playing with the other kids .
tr	I	Then she watched 'd the news .
tr	I	I didn 't sleep much night that , and I got the feeling no one else did either .
tr	I	' What 's about funny that ? '
tr	I	They broke apart , and Ian got up to close the door when she laughingly pointed out it .
tr	I	He heard something rustle in kitchen the .
tr	O	For instance , telling you that I intend to kiss every inch of your bare skin later is something that I would say .
tr	O	The strengthening wind broke a dead limb that was quickly swallowed by the tall delicate grass .
tr	I	I took in a few deep breaths , if wondering my connection to Jack could ever be so tangible .
tr	I	It 't couldn even look at itself .
tr	I	And the tank like were cans used paint cans , and the spider was a black widow .
tr	O	But , lest everyone think cat pee is a bad thing all the time , there are the rare cases where cat pee brings two people together .
tr	I	He hadn 't made his up mind yet .
tr	O	I looked away as the tears threatened to spill over .
tr	O	Alexander spoke to the leaders from the other nations and gave everyone their orders .
tr	I	Her heart had already been raw ripped ; she could say no more .
tr	I	I promised myself I go 'd back again .
tr	I	But driving through Middlebury I lucked out stumbled and onto a signpost at the junction with Route 7 North , so I turned .
tr	I	She 's in enough as danger it is , trolling around out there in Goth gear .
tr	I	The blade protruded from chest his momentarily and then vanished from the wound , leaving behind a corpse that would puzzle the surviving soldiers .
tr	O	Grief rushed through Rif , threatening to overwhelm him .
tr	I	She squinted at the clock on wall the .
tr	I	Life overwhelmed him , tugging him in opposite while directions he stood stagnant , trying to remain whole .
tr	I	We 'd gone into this the with goal of bringing Maddy home .
tr	O	He studied me quietly with sad , green eyes .
tr	I	And that ended interview the .
tr	I	I thought about phone my , and my watch .
tr	I	he asks , excitement gleaming in eyes his .
tr	O	Rachel eyes lost focus .
tr	O	I wanted to believe that and maybe he did .
tr	I	But Laura was completely oblivious to anything other than the sheer of excitement supporting the swim team .
tr	I	There no was point .
tr	I	It seemed so to obvious Emma .
tr	I	Everyone suffers at least one bad betrayal in lifetime their .
tr	I	My stomach twisted even as I finished those words , but I pushed down my fear and concentrated on not showing emotion any in front of Titania .
tr	I	Pete glared across the table at Judas and I right knew away that Judas had kicked him .
tr	I	Well they will be treated in same the way as everyone else . '
tr	I	His horse took an in arrow the lung and threw Thomas in front of the archer .
tr	O	He loomed over me and I fought to keep my mouth closed .
tr	O	I said , and hoped my voice stayed steady .
tr	I	Out curiosity of , I looked at the label .
tr	I	They walk up the staircase to her side room by side .
tr	I	I 'm so happy that 'm I afraid .
tr	I	If she had any hope of the leaving place by nine she 'd better get cracking .
tr	I	Shouts and erupted screams from below .
tr	O	She seemed more stunned than happy .
tr	O	On an impulse , she picked up the matches she 'd seen lying on a side table .
tr	O	Aden placed one of his knees on the makeshift bed .
tr	O	As he approached the door , his mind a jumble of conflicting emotions , Kurt heard an unfamiliar voice call his name .
tr	O	If Trevor had an ability , I would be so much more confident , knowing he might be able to defend himself right now .
tr	I	I just didn 't want to you think I was some helpless dodo .
tr	O	How 's your daughter doing ?
tr	O	I imagined myself standing in the plume of a fiery rocket , a sublime display of the supernatural invading the world of mediocrity .
tr	O	And I got a programme .
tr	I	I couldn 't tell him the truth about what I done had .
tr	O	He turned and headed for the booth , hoping they could sustain the truce longer than just this night .
tr	O	Kelly felt Ethan 's eyes on her mouth as surely as if he 'd kissed her .
tr	O	I decided not to mention how else her comment could be interpreted .
tr	I	He knew that name , and he knew dwelled who behind it .
tr	O	Luc set Poppet on the ground and aimed her toward her uncle .
tr	I	We also heard about angry how her family and Grand Uncle are about some of the things she does in Canada .
tr	I	He would not , time this , be quite so afraid of the process .
tr	I	A soft giggle went around up the room and I remembered the gossip that had floated around about the three of us .
tr	I	She was talking to colleague a now and shaking her head .
tr	I	Her father , who happened to be the 's world greatest mechanic , kept Edith in top running condition .
tr	I	He falls into a woman him behind , and then her boyfriend starts swinging .
tr	O	After ten more steps , he stopped .
tr	I	The regret that flickered across his and face was gone .
tr	I	Oh , most of her business interests - especially the illegal - ones had already been snapped up by the other crime bosses .
tr	I	The girls hugged each and other Kelly walked them to the steps of the train .
tr	O	Having convinced herself that the New Year ahead would be the worst ever , she promptly burst into a violent round of tears .
tr	I	The result that is bad years are very few and even bad years affect only fractional bits here and there .
tr	O	This was me and I was in his hands and he had me exposed to the bone .
tr	O	McBride pressed buttons , got the required area and zoomed in .
tr	I	The men looked up , dropped their barrels and ran in different all directions .
tr	I	Bradley returned to bed his .
tr	O	A glance at her phone told her Mike was calling .
tr	O	He caught hold of one of her wrists and pushed her hand down to where his jeans were stretched taut over a heavy erection .
tr	I	There are so many documents to through search , that I really could use some help .
tr	O	Knowing her voice above all others , I rushed forward , pushing the others out of the way , my heart pounding .
tr	I	Can you me hear ?
tr	I	Did take they a special class that taught them how ?
tr	I	Four For long minutes , Haylie was stunned too to respond .
tr	I	A of part her sensed that she was about to see something very personal , something very important to Severance .
tr	O	You know , the ones related by blood .
tr	I	' You lost job your ? '
tr	O	Grace knew she had to turn back , to see if any ghosts needed her help .
tr	O	he came right back .
tr	I	He placed his hand her on forehead .
tr	O	He 's out in the pasture working on an irrigation head , so he 'll be tied up for awhile .
tr	O	We were night and day .
tr	I	Then it lashed out at him with a backward swing of right its arm .
tr	I	I glance back at Harlin , who looks horrified , and then I toward walk them once again .
tr	O	He reached out and tapped the metal of my sword with his claw .
tr	I	He inhaled the floral scent that had been testing his restraint all afternoon and came nearly right then .
tr	O	Abbey sat up , shaking her head .
tr	O	As her teeth slid into his flesh , the maiden and the wizard felt a bond form between them .
tr	I	There 's no magic , nothing supernatural , nothing sinister , 're we of nature , just like you .
tr	O	He put his hand on the lever .
tr	O	They dragged him back to the cattle truck where Sheriff Larson and his deputies had the other two men in handcuffs .
tr	I	This young woman was proving to very be feisty and opinionated .
tr	O	The cart I 'd ordered was brought around with my clubs .
tr	O	Then , Lea heard someone yelling at her .
tr	O	Rage overtook Susan 's curiosity .
tr	I	He shook head his .
tr	O	She was a special person , someone he could really get close to .
tr	I	That 's not a pounds hundred of fat either .
tr	I	Her was brain in a fuzz .
tr	I	I phoned Natalie and Otto to them tell the news .
tr	I	I slowly stood and started out the of kitchen .
tr	O	Get out of there now !
tr	I	I didn 't know what to wear , sure fashion was different over here .
tr	O	What 's not to like about her ?
tr	O	They all agreed with this faultless reason and started walking towards the low tower standing in their way .
tr	I	Stacy yearned to to rise her knees and let him take her from behind as he had once before , but he moved away .
tr	O	He 'd been tempted to call her again several times since , but decided it would be best to wait until they could meet face-to-face .
tr	O	Merchants were extorted , and left barely enough rupees to stay alive .
tr	O	My mouth falls open at the accusation .
tr	I	I couldn 't believe my eyes as took I in my new appearance .
tr	O	There wasn 't a chance I 'd say no to her or to anyone making such an offer .
tr	O	Corporal Warren went first .
tr	I	The swoops faster feel , more graceful .
tr	I	I even sold rain the stick you showed me that time .
tr	I	That one little word couldn 't taken be back .
tr	O	Corrine took care of the cremation and the service and she tried to comfort Noah but she could not comfort Noah .
tr	O	said Pandora , when Miriam leapt up .
tr	O	Del a 's brow wrinkled .
tr	O	I quickly grab my purse and make my way inside to talk my best friend off the ledge .
tr	O	It 's as though I 'm intruding on a private conversation .
tr	I	A fire warm was crackling and the tempting aroma of freshly made Belgian waffles filled the space .
tr	O	Each press , each tug , each pull brought her right back to the quarry .
tr	O	Seeing his face when you 're arrested for murder will be almost as good as what I had planned .
tr	I	His gaze roams up my thigh where my dress shifts , and pull I it down .
tr	O	My heart skips a beat , but it 's not from fear this time .
tr	I	I don 't want to sound accusing , or obnoxious , but I don 't get why this all is boiling to the surface right now .
tr	I	I wanted him -- in box this I made .
tr	O	Kate had just heard that story .
tr	I	He back turned to the trunk .
tr	I	But we 're in the Queen 's game croquet .
tr	O	Anders was there , hanging up the telephone .
tr	O	Still , this general unity is glorious , even humbling , to contemplate .
tr	O	He never jumped into a fight .
tr	O	She 'd relinquished the baby for adoption .
tr	O	From the big door , an unpaved drive ran to the fence and out to a road .
tr	O	Neither of us said a word for a few moments .
tr	O	Well , why wouldn 't he ask her out ?
tr	O	Now his smile faded .
tr	O	We got two different outfits and some lipstick .
tr	O	His thinking was that they 'd never look to see that it was actually there on the outside .
tr	I	The two had merged so who knew which Tabitha this be would - if he was even able to save her now at all .
tr	O	That 's how it 's always been .
tr	O	Chapter 28 The Grand Canyon was ablaze with color in the setting rays of the sun .
tr	O	So much so that I couldn 't keep it inside anymore .
tr	I	I ignore her anger , I everything ignore she says .
tr	O	He reached into his shirt and pulled up a necklace of thick steel links .
tr	O	The bed on which I lay was a gilded four-poster , hung with gauzy curtains , and covered with down pillows and draperies of silk .
tr	O	His eyes were cerulean blue and a pink flush was on his high cheeks .
tr	I	It was on the first of day freshman year .
tr	O	What is this drawing doing on the servers of a genetics lab ?
tr	O	They described their horses to Sage .
tr	I	He didn want 't to talk about it though .
tr	O	Viktor nodded at a quartz stone Romulus was weaving a long wick around .
tr	O	Jesse was draped over a metal chair , looking as cool and collected as any other day .
tr	O	Others asserted he had been hoarding treasure over the years and wanted to die entombed with his riches .
tr	I	I had do to something .
tr	O	His jaw tightened as his gaze skimmed downward , lingering on the small tattoo that marred the skin just beneath her belly button .
tr	O	It didn 't disappoint either .
tr	I	I frowned in sympathy , then moved to closer wipe a crimson stain from his cheek .
tr	I	Michelle tossed down her napkin and her made escape , pulling down her dress a little as she stood .
tr	O	He motioned toward the front window .
tr	I	Then I 'd only have wait to a few hours instead of a third of a day .
tr	I	Little he did know that later on it would take on a far greater significance .
tr	O	Kelly wanted to applaud .
tr	O	The girl was now flinging her wild hair from side to side , and her humming had escalated to moans .
tr	I	But she impossible 's to get to .
tr	O	The voice is much softer as he takes in my state .
tr	I	That why is you sent Erin off .
tr	I	Her voice was ragged she ; wanted him to understand , and he did .
tr	O	You never think at all !
tr	O	I thought that you were all safe .
tr	I	She couldn move 't .
tr	O	Knowing that I will pass out , I lie down on the forest floor and wait for it .
tr	I	He felt good about his conversation with Kate , but he realized that he 'd done very of little a productive nature in the past week .
tr	O	But I picked the wrong CD .
tr	O	Julian smirked , but then his face turned serious .
tr	O	It might be impossible to breach Robert 's defenses and reach his heart , but she had to try .
tr	I	He the pulled jumper cables in and wound them up .
tr	I	We handle 'll it ourselves .
tr	I	I onto slid a chair and they all looked at me .
tr	O	As the sounds grew louder , Gracie stood frozen in fear .
tr	I	What if he looked like he dead was ?
tr	I	Shedding his glasses for the blue contact lenses , his no hand longer shook .
tr	I	But it didn 't quite happen well that way .
tr	O	Kids openly weep in the corridors .
tr	O	There is no anchor to hold you to the path .
tr	O	I landed on my good leg , but the momentum carried me forward along with my follow-through .
tr	I	We 't didn escape unscathed .
tr	I	It suited his facial structure as Padme noticed that there other were oddities about him .
tr	O	She tried the sitting up thing again , but he tightened his hold , keeping her against him .
tr	I	He knew he only had a few seconds to get his bearings before he would thrust be into combat with whatever was inside .
tr	O	My finger itched on the trigger .
tr	I	Two days when both Lucien and Jocelyn had been forced to battle the weariness of both mind and that spirit had haunted them .
tr	I	The remembered sensations as he occupied 'd her , stretched her into mindlessness , made her arch up seeking more .
tr	O	Ashe didn 't mean to sound as incredulous as he did , but he couldn 't hold it back .
tr	I	He could sense just something inches away , could barely see an object at the edge of his peripheral vision .
tr	I	She 'd be a fool she if didn 't .
tr	O	It led her to the mountain .
tr	O	Somehow , I 'm going to have to go back to my folks with my tail between my legs . '
tr	I	Nodding once again , he clicked his tongue and snapped reins the .
tr	O	Helpless to do otherwise .
tr	O	He got himself dressed and made his way down the hallway , unsure of whether he should open Vanya 's door and check on her or not .
tr	I	' You to aim attack me .
tr	O	I made the mistake of meeting his eyes when we were only a foot apart as it was .
tr	O	Seeing the shiny coin in his hand , he shot out the door at a run .
tr	O	He spoke with a similar drawl to Mister Sinclair .
tr	O	His gaze was riveted to the soft swing of his wife 's bottom as she exited the hall .
tr	I	A amber liquid that his creative nature wanted nothing less than to compose an entire ballad for .
tr	I	The army of agile hunters were still stalking and pursuing their prey , probably counting down seconds the until they could sink their fangs into their feast .
tr	I	And yes , they kill animals , most but of us eat meat .
tr	O	Kate ran her fingers down his back and felt powerful when his muscles moved along with her hand .
tr	I	I didn ´ even t get to explain .
tr	O	The source of the light was off to the left along the same wall as the tiny door , so they could not yet see it .
tr	I	He their realized situation .
tr	O	Then I went looking for the giant washing machines again .
tr	I	My hands flipped palm on up my lap .
tr	I	The damage done to his is soul too traumatic to be felt right away , like a boulder falling upon him and smashing a limb .
tr	I	Ahead she could see the trees first that would usher them into the shady portion of the ride .
tr	O	When I got to the end of the line , I recoiled .
tr	I	His fist beat down on the table-top and the sudden rise his in voice resounded through the house .
tr	I	They approached the ring escorted by body some guards .
tr	O	Sister Oana approached the gate and pulled the lever to raise the portcullis .
tr	O	It 's the oddest thing I have ever seen .
tr	O	They don 't have horses , so they won 't be able to go very far .
tr	I	They had a long way go to before they could consider marriage .
tr	I	Patch had me told he 'd come over last night , and it wasn 't like him to break a promise .
tr	O	After all , I was dying for the greater good .
tr	O	It looked like he 'd tried to grease back his bushy mass of black hair for the ceremony .
tr	I	For the life of her , she couldn remember 't the name of it .
tr	O	There could be a hundred reasons other than the one tormenting her .
tr	O	I nodded , trying to release the winding guilt .
tr	I	Her loose fitting top flopped one to side , revealing her petite breasts cupped by an elegant bra .
tr	O	And yet Stephanie wanted this , the sick woman that she was !
tr	O	Thus his decision to leave the dwarves behind , though they were great warriors , with their short and stocky legs they were simply too slow .
tr	O	In all my life I had never seen her so incredibly beautiful as she was that day .
tr	I	Flora wrinkled her brow , confused , and glanced over Connelly at , as if he could help her .
tr	I	Chapter 13 a For moment the room spun .
tr	O	A Guardian produces a small black device and taps it a number of times .
tr	O	But if I lived the rest of my life as part demon , I might kill someone .
tr	I	Let do 's that .
tr	I	It can 't just another be sorcery stone .
tr	O	They did -- barely -- with a pain like broken glass .
tr	O	What had been his to claim all along .
tr	O	Her father said as he forced himself on top of her .
tr	O	The choice of words surprised her , for everything she 'd owned was now his by law , or would be once the marriage was consummated .
tr	O	Something was definitely in the works and if the look on his handsome face was any indication , he considered it to be of the utmost importance .
tr	O	She grinned as she picked up her skirts and slipped down the hallway where all the waiters were moving back and forth .
tr	O	He held her to him , her smaller body soft and open and vulnerable to him .
tr	I	She knew Marco probably wasn 't a one woman of kind guy and she didn 't want to crimp his style .
tr	I	That , and a high school diploma , were what I had on which build to my future .
tr	I	She avoided looking even at me if possible .
tr	I	Can he my read mind ?
tr	O	She was really excited to see me .
tr	O	Time has shifted and Anthony is standing on a cobble stone street , dressed in gentleman 's attire .
tr	I	What to do ... What ever to do ... As it turned out , there was need no for Miss Foster .
tr	I	I was beyond tears , which I knew he would be glad of : his T-shirt damp was .
tr	I	Thus what I am about say to in a negative vein about his mode of practice is obviously not the view of most .
tr	I	Actually the word relationship came never up at all .
tr	I	My shoulders screamed in protest , and my trembled hands wildly .
tr	O	A couple of pairs of dressy black pants .
tr	O	She 'd crocheted f ive washcloths now and I 'd given her some leftover yarn for granny squares , which she seemed to enjoy making .
tr	I	' Does the road widen out at after all it goes through the pass ? '
tr	O	I could hear music booming in the background .
tr	I	He used the tip of boot a now to force her chin up .
tr	O	She was so fed up of people telling her she wasn 't strong enough .
tr	I	It rustled when she moved , and she had to be careful where she stepped to keep from it catching or brushing a dirty surface .
tr	I	Then we go out to a have nice dinner and this group of his apparent friends come up and invite him out .
tr	O	She also saw ... Marielle .
tr	O	As soon as he got close , he grabbed her and pulled her into a hug .
tr	I	I pulled a sheet crumpled of paper out of my back pocket and handed it to him .
tr	I	To name something is to possession take of it , like Adam in the primordial garden .
tr	I	I glanced up at her with that in deer the headlights look .
tr	O	It was a warm evening and we had dinner in the backyard .
tr	O	One can never be too cautious about one 's honor .
tr	I	She needed to get out of house the .
tr	I	I it know 's hard .
tr	O	Zoe could be trusted to take good care of her .
tr	I	She let go of her phone smoothed and out her apron .
tr	O	When John returned he reached under the mattress and pulled out a dart gun .
tr	I	# spotted I Josh and Lena outside the parking garage at my building .
tr	O	Those you see here in this room are mostly human and able to control the beast within them .
tr	O	There couldn 't possibly be a worst time .
tr	I	After a couple of seconds , my photo appeared again , smaller this time , in the upper right corner hand of the screen .
tr	O	The photos of Becca had been taken down since my last visit ; they used to grace every square inch of wall and counter space .
tr	I	He came upstairs a with small paper bag .
tr	O	I shook my head , getting up and pulling off my wet bra to change into something a little more practical .
tr	I	It be could anything , but no matter what it is I 'm determined to unravel it .
tr	O	7 ' How odd ' Tilly thought staring out towards the sea .
tr	I	The space where knew he the channel flowed was completely black .
tr	O	I cupped her sweet little ass .
tr	I	Gordon to rose his feet and stared at Susan .
tr	O	His finger paused on the screen , and he squinted a little .
tr	I	Go from away this place .
tr	O	Daniel asks his son .
tr	I	In that way , I am different no from most of the Old Timers . '
tr	I	My heart pounded , but at she least wasn 't staring at Kenzie anymore .
tr	I	For an hour , they rode in silence , and took Chelsea in the beauty and tranquility of the surroundings .
tr	I	I that know 's not possible , but I worried anyhow .
tr	O	says Ron to Steve , referring to the table two feet away .
tr	O	And last , I 'm going to check every phone I come across ... just in case .
tr	I	I 'd already been through ordeal this once .
tr	O	Time to back track .
tr	I	I turned the at sound of nearby laughter .
tr	I	Utterly truly and alone .
tr	O	I refrained from dancing and shouting , but my heart sang praises as I reviewed Ross 's every word and tone during the conversation .
tr	O	And he sounded scared .
tr	I	I the was bone .
tr	I	A squeaky , intoxicated voice drew everyone 's to attention a wobbly blonde , who hobbled over their way .
tr	I	The show go must on .
tr	I	The thing whole had seemed so strange .
tr	I	Pete his raised voice .
tr	I	His warm breath fanned face my .
tr	O	The press of his fingertips , followed by the gentle scratch of his nails , sent shivers skating across my skin .
tr	O	So many conflicting thoughts banged around in his brain .
tr	I	Isaac raised eyebrow an .
tr	O	Sunday 10th June 1984 Johnny hadn 't shaken Dane 's hand .
tr	I	' They already 're here . '
tr	I	But it was worth it ; I was getting a taste of it what would be like to run my own business someday .
tr	O	There was no sign of recognition .
tr	I	They as listened she explained its operation and showed them where extra bags of pellets were stored .
tr	O	Liz couldn 't have kept a smile from her face if she tried .
tr	O	All windows had long since gone and more bryophytes grew out of the gaps .
tr	I	She went back to the stable , where Binky was investigating the of contents a bucket .
tr	I	Yet , there was nothing else that in direction for many miles , apart from ... my home .
tr	O	A man peeked around the edge of a tent , a broad figure in black .
tr	I	She had her place I and had mine .
tr	I	The minute the door closed behind Kyle , Colin called Robert Fitzwilliam to the relate news .
tr	O	Since he could fly and teleport , he had no use for a car .
tr	I	Lea returned home and didn 't talk to her parents , even they though wanted her to say something .
tr	I	The was room too small .
tr	I	Chloe Gage wants as her boyfriend and me as her bestie .
tr	I	My heart a skipped beat .
tr	O	At a certain point they stopped and sat waiting .
tr	O	I , on the other hand , didn 't have a mother .
tr	I	At least he could tell her this and wondered why now he never had before .
tr	I	As it began descent its , Fabrizio realized more speed was needed .
tr	O	The easygoing mask slipped to reveal the predator underneath .
tr	I	I could have not them in danger , too .
tr	O	Arik froze as he realized what he 'd just done .
tr	I	I needed to us move on .
tr	O	And who ever heard of paying a deposit to use a fork ?
tr	O	But , oh , how he wanted it .
tr	I	He not had had any thought of food since the battle , and , once he started eating , found that he was famished .
tr	I	With gone him , there will be no coordination .
tr	O	But strangely , even as innocent and clandestine as our meetings were , there was still a level of intimacy that couldn 't be denied .
tr	I	It ran to him with a wagging tail in anticipation of some attention and his hand left his sword to the rub animal 's cheeks .
tr	I	It was easily broken his on own shield .
tr	O	She would never understand how Jimmy could spend hours , even days on end down here alone .
tr	I	Ben started back to away .
tr	O	He tugged me to his side .
tr	I	He had a tendency of always getting out of even the most dangerous of unscathed situations .
tr	I	The high school band had played and there 'd been a tour of the that facilities included cookies and juice for the kids .
tr	O	Much easier than the ascent had been .
tr	I	I ordered a coffee at the counter then sat next to the window , staring the into dark street .
tr	I	Indeed your Fallen teams are something witness to .
tr	O	I took a breath in and gulped back a sob .
tr	O	I 'm me and trust me , I 'm finding it pretty hard to believe .
tr	O	But then he remembered that invasive feeling he 'd experienced with the Agents in his flat .
tr	I	She loved her mother and her father , but she wasn 't to ready surrender her freedom , not yet .
tr	I	Perhaps it a is spiritual thing .
tr	O	But he 's not the person that steps out .
tr	O	He wondered what she would say if he suggested it , then chided himself for being a fool .
tr	I	There was a on silence the Rome side of the call .
tr	O	Maybe I was slowly going crazy .
tr	I	What if I want freedom my ?
tr	I	Sven stepped aside I as left the bathroom .
tr	I	In the end , we decided to the sell two rental houses we 'd purchased earlier .
tr	I	Their blood be would calling to her even louder than normal because of her hunger .
tr	I	A few more steps and the outside would lights blaze on .
tr	I	Once you send the other packing , the has other to go too .
tr	O	I 'd wanted him to hold me ever since the moment I 'd woken up .
tr	O	I 'm not sure why ; I just felt the need to do it .
tr	O	The lobby areas were clear , dark and void of life with only the windows letting in light .
tr	I	Then she brought the camera up and started flicking through the photos , smiling with satisfaction as she each inspected one in turn .
tr	O	Three Michael led me to room full of scrolls and books .
tr	O	Perhaps , I just hope she did .
tr	O	She took the seat he politely held out to her , then looked slowly around his office while he took his own .
tr	I	His life depended his on making good decisions in the next few minutes .
tr	I	You pick a model that you like the look of and we 'll fix it so that it do 'll what you want .
tr	I	Whoever before came those guys .
tr	O	It had taken me more than two hours to get to the top of the summit , but only twenty minutes to come down .
tr	O	Perhaps it would be best to take Rema on a walk .
tr	I	As I did , fingers my curled around something in his bag that wasn 't clothes .
tr	I	First small ones , like the gravel that the lined floor , but soon larger pieces .
tr	O	He just expects me to comply .
tr	O	He would have to be gentle with her .
tr	I	Maggie on stood the porch and rang the doorbell a second time .
tr	I	It would the mean difference between life and death for millions of people .
tr	I	He walked faster , thinking there would be enough time to see the wall before again going to the meeting .
tr	O	And also with Bruce .
tr	I	Chapter It Twelve 's not me .
tr	I	Most of room the was taken up by small tables with lounge chairs around them .
tr	I	She would probably also have been stretched out across one of the desks with her legs wrapped around waist his .
tr	O	And suddenly Kacey 's just there , standing behind the counter in a black employee golf shirt .
tr	O	The role of the electromagnetic force in the bonding of atoms tells us that our basic existence is centred around sharing .
tr	I	Anna the studied sketch .
tr	O	He was permanently blind in one eye , and even with further operations he would only ever have partial sight in the other .
tr	O	She folded her arms and stared incredulously at him .
tr	I	one of other the nurses yelled .
tr	I	I didn 't know whether I convinced them not or , but I couldn 't eat after that .
tr	O	He answered her question with one of his own .
tr	I	We a left precious High Demon female out in the groves on the Southern Continent , alone and unguarded .
tr	I	She stops still stares and at me .
tr	I	He sat stiff as as possible , his face trained on the wall .
tr	O	That girl wasn 't going anywhere until she was good and ready .
tr	I	Ten ago years , Bill Jackson at Stanford ran a series of weekend seminars on extraterrestrial life .
tr	I	He knew how to run a negotiation and knew all well too that the first man who spoke , lost power .
tr	O	That must have been fascinating .
tr	I	I am through going his house now , Destiny .
tr	O	Cassie flushed hotly as she slipped from the table .
tr	I	Her father 's voice there is .
tr	I	She at looked him , smiling sadly .
tr	O	Dad 's going to stay overnight with Ryan , so Will says he 'll give me a ride home .
tr	O	Emer immediately grabbed a hold of Joshua 's arm .
tr	O	It was a reference to a poem , I guessed , but I couldn 't place it .
tr	I	He moved with fluid grace , almost as if his feet 't weren touching the floor .
tr	I	And that is the sole of purpose this secret place .
tr	O	The grin he gave me indicated he 'd been dying to deliver this news .
tr	O	And what did that mean ?
tr	I	Doyle harder pressed on the wound , which made Frost draw a sharp breath .
tr	I	Vel switched the focus slightly , its addressing makers .
tr	O	I really can 't believe that she would confront them .
tr	O	The room spun around me .
tr	O	Why should this man tell you what to do ?
tr	I	He always had , and would always .
tr	O	The headache has receded to a dull ache .
tr	O	This might be the last scientific investigation permitted for a long time .
tr	I	You were wanting feed to hungry people .
tr	I	I popped the heart my into mouth whole , tilting my head back and swallowing the blood .
tr	O	She 's tired of being in pain and of being afraid .
tr	I	And before left I could introduce you .
tr	O	I 've seen the truth of them .
tr	I	Zach me pulled around a corner and onto a quiet side street .
tr	I	He glanced and down swore under his breath .
tr	O	I couldn 't live .
tr	I	His shirt pulled over snug his chiseled muscles .
tr	I	My sister was ... just gone .
tr	O	The whole thing was making her want to tell Victoria about Brady .
tr	O	When his hand moved along her skin , she wiggled , shivered in reaction .
tr	O	He tipped his hat politely .
tr	I	I getting 'm pretty impatient .
tr	O	Scott didn 't move his eyes from mine .
tr	I	You need to stop being defensive and start people letting in .
tr	I	With that being said , I 've a composed list of rules for the women I see .
tr	O	But I start to slip away from reality .
tr	O	They hadn 't even kissed since the night she 'd seen him naked .
tr	O	Although Veronica apparently sought out young , powerful magic users , it was totally possible that she 'd seen the advantage of having one as an assistant .
tr	I	With all my strength , I pushed my feet against him while at the same time my releasing hold on his wrists .
tr	O	Its moans are strong and loud .
tr	O	With this decrease , the need to oversee the captured population also decreased .
tr	O	He pressed his mouth close to the man 's ear .
tr	I	By the time had it dissolved she felt calmer .
tr	I	Her head rested on the swell of my breast right as if it was her own personal pillow , right below where my necklace hung .
tr	I	I push open her window , make sure it 's clear , jump and out onto the tree branch .
tr	O	I capture this moment in my mind , treasuring every detail like a precious jewel .
tr	O	The word sliced through her mind .
tr	O	This one is taro root mixed with flour and turned into balls .
tr	I	He never left dime the store .
tr	O	His trick was simply to rationalize a way that what he said could be construed as the truth .
tr	O	Ethan kept looking at the river suspiciously as the pale light reflected off the water , creating a variety of haunting shapes .
tr	I	But we have to it give a chance .
tr	O	I want you to make some kind of decision .
tr	I	He her shot a cocky grin .
tr	I	Into fray the I went .
tr	I	My tears fell his as words sunk in .
tr	O	He 's pressed against my lower back and I can feel him fumbling with his own pants .
tr	I	He handed the her head bubble .
tr	O	The pub was well appointed , and crowded .
tr	I	I wasn 't ever danger in . '
tr	O	Love doesn 't have conditions , right ?
tr	O	She should tell him what was bothering her , not keep it hidden from him .
tr	O	He shook his head .
tr	O	He was to be the captain of the Queen 's Royal Guard , and a real stickler of a man .
tr	O	An insatiable one that nothing would appease except total and repeated satisfaction of its every craving .
tr	I	We were the ghosts , and we saw Albert and pretended steal to his body .
tr	I	He squeezed a little harder , loving the way her heels dug into the mattress and her jumped body and jerked with pleasure at his touch .
tr	O	Besides , I had no way of knowing how fast or far the fire might spread .
tr	I	Here he was crooning a song Nick was said her most guilty pleasure , and her expression nearly undid him .
tr	O	Step by step , they made their way across the natural bridge , Michael 's eyes burning from the heat .
tr	O	Two days they searched the camp , a couple of soldiers following them .
tr	I	The will recordings start soon and we need every sort of power-up we can get .
tr	O	There 's always a joke somewhere .
tr	O	Why would the King make a simple man suffer for so long ?
tr	O	She washed it again .
tr	O	I ball up the napkin full of ice cream and turn toward the sound of the voice .
tr	O	And sometimes there 's simply no one to blame .
tr	I	he asks , an with intense look on his face .
tr	O	They 're talking about me .
tr	I	Simon put a to hand his stomach .
tr	I	The top of the paper read HELP DOROTHY FIND HER TO WAY THE WIZARD .
tr	I	In the opposite effect , man a despises lack of purpose and becomes weary in fulfilling nonsensical work .
tr	I	The that one you saved ?
tr	O	She 'd done well adapting to the changes , and every day we discussed our future .
tr	I	It also mentioned how she raised three her children all by herself after her husband passed away .
tr	I	I rest a hand my on belly .
tr	O	He looked at Ellen .
tr	O	I just hoped he could forgive me .
tr	O	They need your help . '
tr	I	But she 'd find out soon enough she and wouldn 't be happy about it .
tr	I	Memories of the day and her brush with came death back to scare the hell out of him when he least expected it .
tr	O	I hoped the list of codes you gave me would work .
tr	I	The transcript would be treat a to read .
tr	I	At first , it made him jump , then laugh at himself , relieved to see the tree branch alongside scraping his window .
tr	O	His sterile method of management soon reached his boss who didn 't take kindly to this impersonal method of management and ordered him to loosen up .
tr	I	He brings his hands to my face and stares down my at mouth .
tr	O	I tuned everything out until I saw everyone stand up and start walking towards the door .
tr	I	When I 'm about within arm 's reach , the Reaper suddenly turns , whipping its cape around , and the fabric my grazes cheek .
tr	I	It was too early fall to asleep although it was getting dark quickly .
tr	O	Then with an incredibly hideous sound , he began to clear his throat .
tr	I	I for one , completely side with Plato , how else could I explain the she way made me feel ?
tr	I	The pain was secondary to all that of .
tr	I	A year later , he while 'd been attending college in Dallas , he 'd received a letter from her with a check .
tr	I	We 're here to work through leads in hopes of finding Alex Morrow someone before tortures him to death .
tr	O	The visitor traffic became more and more scarce till they passed all of the occupied and leased buildings .
tr	O	I took the opportunity to explain what I believed the position of the latch on the gate meant .
tr	O	But I was a coward .
tr	I	Saylor 's breath hissed out of her mouth I as stood in front of her naked .
tr	I	I 'm now to bound you .
tr	I	Jeremy asked then if people would like to hear of the wedding kiss of Daniel and Heather 's wedding .
tr	I	He been had given a priceless gift .
tr	I	she asked , all breathy , awash in the afterglow her of orgasm .
tr	I	She spotted possible future problems and what did she could to prevent them from being problems before they even cropped up .
tr	I	Toren body 's tensed around her , cradling her close as he came .
tr	I	It natural 's selection .
tr	O	Wasn 't that her boyfriend ?
tr	O	None of it ever mattered or ever happened .
tr	I	Then what the are hell you still doing here ? '
tr	O	Yet , we became friends already .
tr	I	Suppressing a grin , I wait to see Hit how will handle this question .
tr	I	I look him right in the eyes and hold my gaze firmly to him show how important the request is to me .
tr	I	He sobered with a breath shaky .
tr	I	I tried keep to my voice down , but of course everyone heard me .
tr	I	The fact that such terrible might things happen all the time seems too cruel and senseless to be true .
tr	O	I was sure there would never be a man who compared to Tripp .
tr	O	Golden almost sighed but she sucked it back in .
tr	O	It was planted afterwards . '
tr	O	She ate as if she hadn 't had a meal in days .
tr	O	This time , she wouldn 't sink into the background , forcing him to do all the work , take all the risks .
tr	I	What of kind birds were so active in darkness ?
tr	O	They could all hear the distant screams .
tr	O	Heather 's still trying to hook you up with someone .
tr	O	The mist curled up , and , for a moment , I could have sworn that I saw two eyes in the middle of it .
tr	I	And Ryder was probably the most guy decent I knew .
tr	O	Kimber bolted out of the car and stared at me through the flames .
tr	I	He led her towards the center of the room and paused to contemplate next their move .
tr	O	I was safer with him than anywhere else in the world .
tr	I	Vela turned her to .
tr	O	He doesn 't remember how it came to be that he can cough through the iron he is drowning in .
tr	I	Big eyes fixed on now him .
tr	O	Without hesitation , she walked briskly toward him , and they collided into a powerful embrace .
tr	I	The bed was the only real piece furniture of in it .
tr	O	She could not be absolutely positive , however , because he 'd concealed his reaction so quickly .
tr	O	I just looked at him .
tr	O	She didn 't take the opportunity to play her music for so many people lightly .
tr	I	He said in way a of apology .
tr	I	Each farm he passed stopped he to sell the fork .
tr	I	You know happens it .
tr	I	The 's giant eyes immediately flicked to one of the blank monitors , and I knew she could see my reflection there .
tr	O	Nothing he 'd encountered since coming home had been enough to force him over the edge .
tr	I	Tears started rolling from his as eyes he spoke .
tr	I	I would be too worried about all her alone to get any kind of rest whatsoever .
tr	I	They were her on balcony .
tr	I	Josie waited until they gone were before talking to Kip .
tr	O	Norah gave a disgusted groan .
tr	I	You have to track down all the people who Susan visited 's apartment , and collect samples before you can send them to the lab for comparison .
tr	O	There 's a monster coming towards us .
tr	O	To him , this still appeared to be Mariah talking .
tr	I	' I sorry 'm , ' she said quickly , shrinking back .
tr	O	The bartender had his hands below the bar ; if I knew anything about places like this , he had them on a weapon of some kind .
tr	O	They rounded another corner , Dani and Melissa came back into sight , Devon was still dragging between them .
tr	I	The promise of money was probably the only reason the locals hadn 't taken off with rest the of the humans .
tr	O	Rob supposed he deserved that , too .
tr	I	She saw multiple rooms with different children in them being tented to robot by nurses and doctors .
tr	I	He his raised hand to get Noah 's attention .
tr	O	I got a dial tone .
tr	O	She wished she could talk to Belinda about how her talisman experience went .
tr	O	Rob turned away sharp and started moving through the crowd .
tr	I	No more games , more no drunken sex nights .
tr	O	I know that ghosts have wandered on the Earth .
tr	I	Nate tucked away Joe 's for words later .
tr	O	His mouth made a funny movement , like he wanted to say something but was too choked up .
tr	I	He closed his eyes briefly as her heat closed around him , feeling so good he had concentrate to to not climax himself .
tr	I	He straightened again up and the dizziness was gone .
tr	O	A bullet with eyes .
tr	O	He slips a pencil out of his pocket and offers it up .
tr	I	I scream in terror as more of the damn things come out of the houses the lining road .
tr	O	It 'll happen when it 's supposed to happen .
tr	I	I asked , heavily breathing .
tr	I	We can keep 't them in beyond tomorrow anyway , so I 'm letting them leave . '
tr	I	Clothing was that certainly not made for blending in , or durability -- qualities Rose usually looked for in an outfit .
tr	O	There were two types : a man-made electromagnetic pulse , which had negative effects on electronic equipment .
tr	I	Troy was the not least bit convincing in his effort at sentiment .
tr	O	I 'll find you , Jesse .
tr	I	It might have himself been .
tr	I	* * * They left hauling their outside instruments .
tr	I	Worse , it sounded like was I calling Janet a liar .
tr	I	Or by not to coming me .
tr	O	Sunday smiled and waved a hand at Errol .
tr	I	In due course we managed to reach the second objective and it was a when relief we did , that was for sure .
tr	O	Stillness followed the silence .
tr	I	CHAPTER 30 Celeste shimmied out of her shorts threw and them in the launch with her shoes and towel .
tr	I	She a set quick pace through the stock rooms , barely explaining anything .
tr	O	One of the things I always wondered was why , even when I couldn 't remember my own name , I knew I couldn 't go home .
tr	O	They now looked up to me so running away was out of the option .
tr	O	I finally sank back down to the bench .
tr	O	In other words , this bit had long passed the point of being stale so they needed to get away and begin doing something else .
tr	I	From his horribly opened mouth there came a yell that seemed to Ransom utterly bestial , though it was only yell the of Celtic lamentation . '
tr	I	He and growled just kissed her harder .
tr	O	If ever a werewolf had mastered the art of yelling from the diaphragm , it was Dev .
tr	I	Her mouth a was grim straight line .
tr	O	He looked around at the other men again .
tr	I	Her endless questioning of detail soon had Emma feeling a lost bit .
tr	O	Elena refreshed the writing for him .
tr	I	Just the of thought being close to him brought on the urge to feel those muscular arms .
tr	O	And camp under these stars .
tr	O	Right now she needed to focus on escaping , not worry about anything else .
tr	I	And they 't didn .
tr	O	Maybe then they could arrive at a sense of closure about tonight .
tr	I	Then she turns look to back at Frankie 's ashen face .
tr	O	Despite the table 's beauty , the mark spelled Roux as Row .
tr	I	He 's violent the one .
tr	I	Might as well out find . '
tr	O	I love how you 've maintained a sense of tradition and culture with your place .
tr	I	The nodded doctor , thoughtful , his fingers probing gently against the glands under my jaw .
tr	I	Alanna the was first to speak .
tr	I	Rain had dripped through a large in hole the roof , warping the old wood .
tr	O	One window was open wide , and the light breeze was blowing .
tr	O	Marjory stood in the mudroom doorway with her arms crossed over her chest .
tr	I	In sky the , in the sea .
tr	I	She wanted out of this cramped vehicle , and she desperately some wanted time alone with him .
tr	I	It was a complete surprise ; all the enemies were in destroyed an instant .
tr	O	Oliver got in the front , turned , and drove a fist through the metal grating that separated the back of the squad car from the front .
tr	I	I picked up the parcel , noticing luggage my , which was now packed .
tr	O	I 'm afraid all these healthy people will see right through me , but I don 't have anywhere else to go .
tr	O	It was true her heart never chased boys the way Tatiana 's did .
tr	O	Somehow I 've ended up with my sister 's mini-me as a roommate .
tr	O	He glanced at his watch .
tr	O	WE need to get you to safety .
tr	I	It didn 't take much make to his baby sister happy .
tr	O	Your pure white skin , sparkling light blue eyes ... it 's as though you haven 't see the sunlight .
tr	O	We were alone , and for the first time I felt I could breathe .
tr	O	In panic , I took the bag off my back , and clutched it in front of me as a protective shield .
tr	I	He 'd only asked her out to access gain to Steve Moore , and she 'd let him seduce her into agreeing .
tr	I	There Tonya was , rushing down Broadway to the pool hall .
tr	O	They convened in the caves that now exist behind the Seminary , vast networks that were made livable and that often led to underground springs .
tr	I	If you would like to share this with book another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient .
tr	O	He knocked on his son 's door .
tr	I	She flared tin , letting her eyes adjust to the darkness deep within the abandoned room .
tr	O	It went to voice mail .
tr	I	But there colors were all around her now .
tr	I	I dialed a number that had been etched in my head since Sofia and I visited had those homes in California .
tr	I	It his was voice , the raw , gravelly voice that haunted her at night in the sweetest of dreams .
tr	O	And since Allie liked him just the way he was , he simply didn 't want it enough .
tr	I	Deciding to go find out , I step toward forward the closet but stop when my mom walks into my room .
tr	O	' Is that what you came all the way here to discuss ? '
tr	I	But all the dreams seem to taking be place in the cave .
tr	I	But it turned out when the first two heads spewed out chicken fiery feed the last one would put it out .
tr	I	This was to ensure the # 65 million did not disappear , and the rather complex merger schedule aborted was .
tr	O	He pushed past her and held out the bag .
tr	I	The words that come out politicians of ' mouths are obvious lies to anyone with ears .
tr	O	She 'd insisted on remaining clothed , telling him she 'd brought extra clothes for ... after .
tr	O	The distance from the porch roof to the ground was about ten feet .
tr	I	Ester and never Chase wanted her to flee with you .
tr	I	The hunters come one from of them .
tr	O	They blinded you from true existence .
tr	O	Sticking her finger into his mouth , she tried to feel around , attempting to find out if his teeth had become fangs yet .
tr	O	He 'll win his life .
tr	I	He eye broke contact .
tr	I	So what do do we ?
tr	O	In fact , the old man died the next month while tending to his garden .
tr	O	If I hadn 't known beforehand that Slater was undercover , I never would 've guessed he was a cop .
tr	I	I a was hideous wraith , and having that confirmed by Malik was too much .
tr	O	A neighbor of mine owns a boutique in town .
tr	I	When dawn early ascended , right before the sun rose , I was ready to explore Mars .
tr	O	Xavier assured me that no one has less than a few thousand .
tr	I	All color out seeped of the landscape .
tr	I	He looked at me , into sunk his chair .
tr	I	The pulled beast back its head , opened wide its jaws , revealed its fangs , and began to lower them for Thor 's throat .
tr	I	I felt sorry for the police officer that would to try give him a ticket .
tr	O	Most of them looked large enough to fit only one room .
tr	O	And so on until the end of the week .
tr	O	I moan , stepping up onto the Christmas decorations box and staring outside the window .
tr	O	He caught me in those deep pools of blue .
tr	I	Jace shouted toward women the .
tr	I	Didn 't matter if they were plaintiff or side defense .
tr	O	When I finally came back down to Earth , he pulled his fingers out of me and jerked my skirt back down .
tr	I	Silent tears spilled over , rolling down cheeks his .
tr	O	Adrien , her mind cried .
tr	O	I pressed my face to his hand and his world exploded into me .
tr	I	Or maybe something else had occurred when she was abducted , she something didn 't want to admit .
tr	O	The caring he felt was not reflected in her stunning green eyes , was not returned to him , so he backed away .
tr	O	The room was swarmed with cheering faces .
tr	I	I tiptoed on the edge of a full blown out freak .
tr	I	It all depended on the of severity the medical situation .
tr	O	How in God 's name was he to protect Mona ?
tr	O	Blake leaned against the frame of the bed , his mind buzzing with the possibility that Samantha was right .
tr	I	No one after was them yet .
tr	O	She was only six months from graduating but her life had changed dramatically .
tr	I	She never 'd done a striptease in her life .
tr	I	And if she could just get her hands free ... She struggled a bit but stopped to catch breath her .
tr	O	He softly slaps Nicole 's cheek , hoping it would get her to wake up .
tr	O	Presley had learned that lesson at an early age .
tr	I	I do not like the entertaining possibility of ever losing June .
tr	O	Hank carried the groceries inside and quickly put them away .
tr	I	Sharon 's gaze chilling bore into Emily 's .
tr	I	He bit lip his .
tr	I	She had the crazy that thought she 'd like to rip away more of his tee shirt and find out what was underneath .
tr	I	It seemed her cells were convinced she still on lived a fjord and thus kept her body sturdy enough to carry a block of ice .
tr	O	But maybe , she was just starting to think , some things were worth the risk .
tr	O	I heard the key in the deadbolt and couldn 't wait to see her .
tr	O	She gave him a little shake .
tr	I	Jason grabbed his cell phone off dash the .
tr	O	Funny how life surprises you that way .
tr	I	But you 've something missed along the way , my girl .
tr	O	she asked her granddaughter .
tr	O	I hear the snap and the demon tosses Martina aside , already moving toward his next victim as Gabriel wails and falls to his knees .
tr	O	All of it , warts and all .
tr	O	Both arms and legs had been amputated above his elbows and knees .
tr	O	I leaned back in my chair and stared at her .
tr	O	She didn 't have any of the body aches as she expected .
tr	O	I take a deep breath of warm skin and clean shirt .
tr	O	Fancy Alex having a Ruth as a girlfriend .
tr	I	Why couldn 't he write book a essay for the types of books Ivan devoured ?
tr	I	Leta Johnson , his secretary , leaped from her chair the instant he walked the into office .
tr	O	And in awe of a woman who was every bit as strong as him , the only match he had ever found .
tr	I	When I reach my hand for the carton , playfully she smacks it away .
tr	I	I would myself rule , and leave the foolishness of the island 's control to others .
tr	O	But I don 't want anyone else .
tr	I	Kendra crossed the lawn to the gazebo nearest .
tr	O	But no , he thought .
tr	O	Thank God Bishop had buried his grief long enough to be of some use to us .
tr	I	He could get never enough of her soft cries of excitement .
tr	I	I reached up for a light switch , worrying what about to say .
tr	O	Dinner is very nice ; the children seem very excited and are asking to see different sites that Charlie spoke of .
tr	O	Eventually , though , the racing through the woods turned into games .
tr	O	She whimpered and arched to meet each thrust and gave herself over to the warmth and the joy of their lovemaking .
tr	I	It occurred to me I might be able get to the Bishop 's approval to consecrate bread and wine , and administer the sacraments to her . '
tr	I	Black were pets always the last to get adopted .
tr	I	He reached down and two snatched chairs upright and motioned for her to sit down .
tr	O	He pulled them off after several minutes , and was astonished to see that the jungle was inky black around him .
tr	O	There were bits of rancid meat and blood all over me and the floor .
tr	I	I knew what she was doing trying - to bring me back to life - but that didn 't make me any more happy about it .
tr	O	Whistling , he walked toward the bath house , stopping only one time in front of Cadmus , lifting one finger .
tr	O	She 'd made a deal with herself her senior year in high school .
tr	O	I wound a single finger through a lock of her inky hair .
tr	O	She beckoned all of us to follow her outside as we neared the outer portions of giant city .
tr	O	Mr. Wells knew their father well enough and was a friend of the children .
tr	I	Mostly just he repeated all those worn-out old slogans .
tr	O	Though he would have enjoyed slaying the demons alongside his men , he waited , for he sought bigger prey this night .
tr	I	Dickie waited in silence with his hands on the bars , drunk the walked over to stand beside him .
tr	I	She found it to hard believe .
tr	O	I had to turn away from their bloody faces and sobbing moans .
tr	O	But I can tell you that you 'll never get an answer that makes sense to you about why it all happened to him .
tr	I	What rotten luck that she happened just to be the one picking up .
tr	I	Their length incredible was , they climbed to infinity .
tr	O	' It 'd be worth it as a loss leader , ' said IIb .
tr	I	Three bullets smashed into the back wall , leaving deep dimples the in metal .
tr	O	The walls melted away , and flowers sprang up in the cells .
tr	O	I closed my eyes and opened them again , watching the marvelous colors of the rainbow as they deepened and then faded .
tr	O	What did he mean by memorizing a bunch of stuff he could forget tomorrow ?
tr	O	He 'd lost friends during his career and he 'd mourned them but death was a shadow that hung over them all .
tr	I	In the distance , the battle raged still .
tr	I	Cole joined her in bed , his hands full with Cuddles tucked one under arm and a box of Kleenex in the other .
tr	I	He decided he would his explore newfound abilities later .
tr	O	And then they 'd gotten pulled over by the police .
tr	I	He seemed to be of out his mind in pain and fury .
tr	I	Charles could charm or bribe from information just about anyone , and since compulsion didn 't work over the phone , those skills were often quite useful .
tr	I	I reached behind them and through sifted the pictures on the bed .
tr	I	Green is favorite my .
tr	I	But I did have my own Daniel detective , sort of , and he was a hunk , too .
tr	O	Neil wasn 't used to playing like this .
tr	I	She told he him could stay over whenever he wanted .
tr	O	He walks past the blond , before stopping beside Alex and me .
tr	O	The tall greenery and clingy flowers were dying out in preparation for winter .
tr	O	I was starting to get tired and I got into the SUV while Nick loaded the groceries .
tr	I	The members the of board have not done with me ; but even without them , Edward was truly the start of my spiritual awareness .
tr	I	When I was about to dash off , looked I back .
tr	O	Nigel turned to Stan .
tr	I	He 's older than am I !
tr	I	Surely , he would realize that I 'd been impaired exhibiting judgment .
tr	I	My head doesn seem 't to be where it should be at the moment .
tr	O	He fell on his rear and his slide into the unknown began .
tr	I	Not doing good my to confidence as a ... .
tr	I	There was a of chorus approval .
tr	O	It isn 't about that .
tr	I	Behind her back , she twisted beautiful the ring he 'd placed on her finger .
tr	I	I to attempted push the guilt aside , telling myself that I had had very little choice .
tr	O	Ethan 's grin is wicked as he propels me through the kitchen and into a formal dining room with a table that will sit twenty-four comfortably .
tr	O	Another small splash sounded from the water .
tr	I	She stood there in the failing light and looked at -- herself at who she would be in months , weeks , and now days .
tr	O	You 're only hurting yourself .
tr	I	The woman yelled Amity at and I cringed .
tr	O	Okay , well it isn 't really a party .
tr	O	His head stopped when he saw me and his back straightened .
tr	O	She was chatting with him and smiling about something .
tr	I	She has pleading a look on her face .
tr	I	But Andrew was just a psychotic midget , and Neil had grown around up violence .
tr	I	I could the imagine cogs turning in her friend 's mind and I felt sorry for her .
tr	O	Not many men o ' my age got all their own hair , I expect that 's what you 're thinking .
tr	O	They 're eyes widen and mouths gaped like ' what the hell ' face .
tr	I	I shaken 'd my head .
tr	I	She wondered what plan they hatching were .
tr	I	That caught off-guard me .
tr	O	Eventually it may be possible to achieve a state in which we may experience the exhilaration of love without the attachment .
tr	O	I poked my head past the opening of the stairwell .
tr	O	Rush 's mom had been married to Grant 's dad when they were kids .
tr	O	As eager as she 'd been to see Bradley at last , she acted nonchalant now .
tr	O	She told me I needed to consider retiring .
tr	O	Each support was composed of stone blocks , one piled on another .
tr	O	My fingers danced and flew , crossing over each other and then crossing back .
tr	O	I wish I 'd paid closer attention to the sound of his voice .
tr	O	He 'd make his presence known to the duke in the morning .
tr	O	Her mind whirled as she headed to the cabin .
tr	I	His primary thought that was the Welsh were going to mess it up .
tr	O	And I promised him that I wouldn 't .
tr	I	His response was and immediate unwavering .
tr	I	She retrieved the necessary information and was ready to close when file a with an odd name caught her attention .
tr	I	Adrian had recently had an unwelcome intervention with me , going so far to as claim I was on the verge of an eating disorder .
tr	O	What does that even mean , to get over something ?
tr	I	He kicked off his shoes and put his feet on the couch , me facing .
tr	I	Then he stretched his arms above him his and muscles flexed and bulged .
tr	O	Stuart removed his cashmere and folded it neatly on the back of his chair .
tr	O	It was enough to be in Jackson 's arms .
tr	I	She really wanted to get him around and go to dinner .
tr	O	' I 'll bear that in mind .
tr	I	He would do he whatever could to help them .
tr	O	The sky was our only hope for a proper retreat , no sense in fighting every mere foe that came our way .
tr	O	He 'd been married and divorced since they were together ?
tr	O	I died once for Him and I would do it again .
tr	I	Even in those the outlying ring of people stopped murmuring to listen .
tr	O	She held out a palm and was met by a warm tongue , a furry muzzle , and a low rumble like thunder beyond the horizon .
tr	O	He leaned down and caught her bottom lip between his teeth , then gently stroked her lip with his tongue .
tr	O	Biddy was an old woman .
tr	I	I my waved fingers at the flag .
tr	O	I glimpse Daisy 's nak * d form , staring at me from the other side and I 'm momentarily overwhelmed that she 's still alive .
tr	O	We wheel back the way we came .
tr	O	Her gaze went up and down Rose 's body .
tr	O	The soldiers , sitting on their mounts behind him , looked around without interest .
tr	O	Once I saw the building I could reassure the investors back in Dallas that everything was okay .
tr	O	This was Evie Shaw , no doubt about it .
tr	O	That means I had these thoughts four days ago .
tr	O	the boys in the group cheered loudly and I couldn 't even feel insulted , they were too funny .
tr	O	I am a proud father .
tr	I	He drew couple a of long breaths before answering .
tr	O	Putting on a face appropriate to the accomplishment , Riley made her way over to the children .
tr	O	Something to investigate when they had the time .
tr	I	And hey , don 't at stare her .
tr	I	That 's my anyway theory .
tr	O	Three was a good mystical number .
tr	I	The tip of the blade in went four inches deep .
tr	I	Our parents point us a toward certain profession as we 're growing up .
tr	O	Her eyes were starting to itch from all that cat hair .
tr	O	He shed his body without hesitation , leaving only pure healing energy in his wake .
tr	I	I ran along the dirt trail , stumbling over branches fallen and rocks .
tr	O	I looked down at my blue jeans and T-Shirt .
tr	I	She held the doll to her ear if as the doll were talking to her .
tr	I	When you actually feel each tear they cry if as they were your own .
tr	O	she said , offering him the bouquet .
tr	I	His split face into a crooked smile .
tr	I	She had delivered message the .
tr	I	At the door back he stopped me .
tr	I	The DOD didn 't know it could be left on humans , and no one , not even Andrew , would that relay kind of information .
tr	I	Kelly , the bride , came from a giant Greek family with a of lot money .
tr	O	We need to get in front of the issue .
tr	I	Kate and squinted peered across the lawn .
tr	I	He had think to of something .
tr	I	He had no sooner turned the final bend in the staircase he and spotted her walking past with a tray of food .
tr	I	What had she harmed , trying keep to the peace ?
tr	O	Protect her , love her , and be with her when she needs you .
tr	I	It was her that name had caught her attention .
tr	I	Haley wrung hair her .
tr	I	When they emerged to head up to campus , there was about an of inch fluffy snow on the ground with more falling .
tr	O	Half an hour later , Poseidon and his wife were trudging up the Beaufort docks of North Carolina with the two girls asleep in their arms .
tr	I	She was a bigger puppet than he was , so she beat and bullied him and the two many had good fights .
tr	I	She there was because she saved me .
tr	O	I told him that he better not throw up or I 'd drop him and he could spend the night outside .
tr	O	He turned to look at me .
tr	I	He didn 't make a sound , but all focused his concentration on giving and receiving pleasure from the stroke of his lips against hers .
tr	O	He wanted to go out and make the rounds and check on his soldiers ensconced in the burnt-out buildings surrounding Wall Street .
tr	O	Was that really too much to ask ?
tr	O	Unable to do anything but stare .
tr	O	One minute he was running toward the support beam , the next minute he was gone .
tr	I	She this wrote down too .
tr	I	He could snap his fingers and pull girl any he wanted .
tr	O	Had he been in a fight and someone had pulled out a knife ?
tr	O	Moving in a blur , I snatched her up by the neck and held her a foot off the floor .
tr	O	Oh yes , traveling was going to be most unpleasant , she thought with a sigh .
tr	O	Well , that was fine by me .
tr	O	Fitch 's boys weren 't behind her .
tr	O	To see her sitting there in her yoga pants and a baggy sweatshirt was a sight for sore eyes .
tr	O	His fur was all on end , as if in fright .
tr	O	These rebels were from the King 's own lands and it was his high taxes against which they rebelled .
tr	I	Give Rick enough to time join him .
tr	I	Lightning outside cracked the balcony , mere feet away from where we lay .
tr	I	Woods and chuckled took a sip .
tr	O	His stick hit the court at his feet .
tr	I	Keno tried desperately to not reach out and grasp her hand .
tr	I	Suddenly game the changes .
tr	I	I to wanted say I was sorry .
tr	O	She had never seen him standing before , she did not realize how much of the man was concealed by that desk .
tr	I	He was from my hometown , and had me seen play hockey , track and field , that sort of activity .
tr	I	A constant look of worry remained evident in his eyes after our trip my to Aunt 's lake house .
tr	O	As they rip at each other , I can hear the cries for someone to help save them from a building below .
tr	O	You 're no longer one of us .
tr	I	Look how fast kids those changed .
tr	I	I just had vision a .
tr	O	The Mayor hung up again and reviewed some of the most recent campaign posters yet to be approved .
tr	O	It was also worryingly lightweight .
tr	I	He shook his head as if what she asked was much too for him .
tr	I	The little still indicator showed red .
tr	I	Fate her was very best friend .
tr	I	Rob Dave and were just as still in the total darkness .
tr	I	I 't don mind her .
tr	O	Does he feel it too ?
tr	I	Mike let out an audible ' Mmmm ' this time , as he noticed an odd-looking link to the of right the article .
tr	O	Hana didn 't like him .
tr	I	I cried his name as wave after delicious of wave pleasure washed over me .
tr	O	Gabe 's voice wavers , but he catches himself , picks it back up .
tr	O	He walked back to the squad and dropped a lump of hairy cheese onto Nourishing 's quivering stomach .
tr	I	Not when he was middle nearing age .
tr	O	The caller told me I 'd find you in the service room at the bottom of the Tunnel of Doom .
tr	O	Her heart roared in her chest so loudly that it nearly drowned out her brother 's words .
tr	I	She kept staring at shoes the .
tr	I	Then in a few months , when I thought she 'd gotten used to the idea , I 'd her ask for real .
tr	I	He returned to work his .
tr	O	But questioning Genny in private was an almost impossible task .
tr	O	The electricity pulsed between my skin and his fingers wildly .
tr	I	he asked , clear concern in his voice .
tr	I	I think 'm I stopping with intro .
tr	I	He cursed and ran throw to on a fresh shirt .
tr	O	She had to get to safety .
tr	I	He around looked the drab visitors ' room .
tr	O	I could see one man was short , gruff , and plump .
tr	I	Robert returned the smile , eyebrows his raised as if to ask , ' why is he naked ? '
tr	I	He crossed the yards the to three ships in three or four strides .
tr	O	I got the sense that I wasn 't exactly a guest of honour .
tr	I	Sometimes he thought saw he dark figures walking behind the trees .
tr	O	For thousands of years , I had lived their lie , which typically had tragic and heartbreaking consequences for me in each life .
tr	I	The interior of the Hummer was warm , and I into sank the black leather seat .
tr	I	Let me that try again . '
tr	I	' What happened in there , I 'm on side your .
tr	I	Laxman , had considered always the money his father had spent on the temple as a waste .
tr	I	And the only reason your body is dead , is because you killed it , so it your 's own damn fault .
tr	I	It her was duty now to smile and continue to hide behind the façade that she had created .
tr	O	He would take her without any thought for birth control .
tr	I	I fully never recovered by the way .
tr	O	My tears were dripping onto the flowers , and they bloomed even brighter around me .
tr	O	And then cursed again .
tr	I	He knew such where technology could be obtained .
tr	O	Her heart clenched with longing .
tr	I	I wasn 't for falling what he was saying .
tr	I	Already , he alerted 'd European operatives to begin searching , but without a narrowed field , there was only so much he could expect .
tr	I	I couldn just 't wait anymore .
tr	O	She let her eyes roam back up to his face .
tr	I	The effort it takes to answer is her not small .
tr	O	Hess sank to his knees , his flesh and blood spilling through skin and uniform , pouring onto the earth .
tr	I	They me scared to death .
tr	O	As of this moment , she no longer worked for Ken , so it wasn 't her place to answer .
tr	O	My stomach growled loudly , interrupting the too intense moment .
tr	O	I was relieved when Sarah wasn 't at school the next day .
tr	O	The submarine sank into the waters of the lake .
tr	I	She is amazing truly .
tr	O	If she let herself , she could drown staring into them .
tr	O	She fought the urge .
tr	O	All the while , he held out his hand for little Jacob to hold on to , which the boy did .
tr	I	Bluebeard was happy with little his landing party now .
tr	O	Jonas fought down the cold rage that threatened to swamp him .
tr	I	The woman who preceded him into the retirement center sophisticated was and professional looking .
tr	I	He looked at her as if she were one Brannigan of 's premiere chocolates that he 'd like to unwrap .
tr	O	Wyatt was too young to just drop dead .
tr	O	It would be my pleasure to go over her concerns with you .
tr	I	He had slept his in t-shirt and denims .
tr	O	They had found the old Suburban in a lot out in back of one of the car dealerships on outer Washington Street .
tr	I	But couldn he , t bring it on .
tr	I	I was just about to start the old rhyme the about Ancients and toes when I realized my phone was buzzing like crazy .
tr	O	I held my breath .
tr	O	Crystals gleamed like jewels all around them .
tr	O	That thread of joy soon overwhelmed the darkness , washing it with blessed light .
tr	O	There was a handwritten note on top of the sheets piled on the kitchen top .
tr	O	Betsy turned her back on him and kept talking .
tr	I	I then stopped , in that moment and lifted my eyes to meet his again .
tr	O	She didn 't know how it happened , but soon she was lying on the couch with him stretched out above her .
tr	I	His eyes seemed to take on that glow they sometimes had for a split second , then it gone was .
tr	I	Justus for reached his fallen coil .
tr	I	She her lifted tethered arm .
tr	I	How could you miss Brady Ethan looking at us ?
tr	I	Meanwhile , the two pirates manning the tactical station went into a flurry of activity as Hermes the came into weapons range .
tr	I	I got a before shower making breakfast for everyone , and then dressed quickly .
tr	O	The smaller Youth League members scattered about them , crying .
tr	I	I nodded slightly so she knew I 'd her heard , but I didn 't reply .
tr	I	His jaw flexed rigidly if as he were fighting himself .
tr	I	They the reached Captain 's room .
tr	I	Afterward , Xavier 's re-emerged form from the crushed metal .
tr	I	Without computers , they can 't come back here , and nothing up works there .
tr	O	Our stop in Phnom Penh was a short one .
tr	I	Couldn 't keep from herself stroking her hand over the bulge beneath his zipper .
tr	O	I have women mobbing my stand even as we speak .
tr	I	Lopez had the pills in a brown paper bag , and heard Sara the crinkling of paper .
tr	I	She looked at the zig-zag pattern of the interlocking rail fence , and then her expression concentrated became .
tr	I	Did he know more than was he letting on ?
tr	I	If we knew which pack Wilson was born in , there was a good chance we be 'd able to find his living twin .
tr	I	Maybe it was that drawl Texas that slipped out every now and then .
tr	I	He was amazed mystified and .
tr	I	She glanced my way , a shadow of uncertainty crossing face her .
tr	O	I climbed downstairs , grabbed the keys in case someone decided to lock me out , and made a beeline for the tree .
tr	I	Momma Oaks radiated surprise , but not I because wanted him there .
tr	O	His hand is cool as it slips inside my shirt , grazing my stomach before pausing at my bra .
tr	I	And tonight was just supposed to be me my and brother and sister and her husband .
tr	I	The ghoul managed to wound her mortally before he 'd him stopped .
tr	I	Cindi planned to officially give the store to me next as week a wedding present .
tr	I	Perhaps had Drake been at Barry 's safe house already in an attempt to draw them away from the station .
tr	I	I 'm not sure so .
tr	I	Joe and continued Hunter to sit and watch Buster explore while the fog continued to dissipate .
tr	O	Even if she hadn 't identified herself , he would have recognized that voice .
tr	I	There 's so much his on face that he 'd typically hide behind his ever-present cocky grin , but I see it now .
tr	I	Edward quickly made his way into the and room to the dresser .
tr	O	I stood back , took a deep breath and kick it .
tr	O	Everyone knew vampires were active only after dark ... Tossing the rake aside , she went into the den and fired up her computer .
tr	I	He was already surging forward again , giving her exactly what she needed , as if he 'd felt need her as keenly as she had his .
tr	O	She frowned at him , but she turned toward her bed and moved stiffly forward .
tr	I	It 's just that , you know , we 're friends only right ?
tr	I	Such a pretty name , for such pretty a girl .
tr	I	A cry made that the pit in my stomach expand .
tr	O	The rear of the SUV arced out behind them in what felt like a slow-motion turn , as graceful as a ballerina .
tr	I	I practically hurled him the over side , and followed right behind .
tr	I	After all , my told sons me your wolf is a burnished gray .
tr	I	A smile wavering showed briefly .
tr	I	She 'd been counting on a party her at home , with her friends .
tr	O	Who don 't care if they have money or material things .
tr	O	How does it work in the big leagues ?
tr	I	I nod laugh then .
tr	O	She could not help but smile .
tr	O	My phone rings on the desk next to me .
tr	I	He gestured to limb the lying on the carpet nearby .
tr	O	I took a second to smell it ... it smelled beautiful .
tr	O	His wolf senses were tingling at full speed though , warning him there was something not right about this entire situation .
tr	I	The halls were clear and she in exhaled relief .
tr	O	Timothy needed to know the consequences of madness .
tr	I	I bit inside the of my cheek so hard I winced and tasted blood .
tr	I	She reluctantly from walked the break room and over to Jasmine 's side of the shop .
tr	O	Then Zoe caught sight of him and scrambled to sit up , a look of pure amazement breaking into a smile of absolute delight .
tr	O	In response to her thanks , Count Lucien bowed and left the makeshift room .
tr	I	She certainly didn 't deserve to be abandoned this by !
tr	O	Things had gone terribly wrong for P.J. on a mission , and she 'd walked away in the emotional aftermath .
tr	I	Mom took sip a of her coffee .
tr	O	The guy owns a strip bar and my mind cannot even bend far enough to imagine what he might be doing with a feeding tube . )
tr	O	He bit out a ripe curse .
tr	I	That 's the way it of .
tr	I	Barret shifted across the floor and sunk his hand deep the into mattress .
tr	I	I don really 't believe she 's bad .
tr	O	I figured it was best to let her off the hook .
tr	O	He poked his head in the window and looked down .
tr	O	Then there was a roar , and a flash of brilliant light .
tr	O	He looked over at the Sheriff , wondering what was going on in that brain of his .
tr	O	Her abdomen was extremely distended .
tr	O	He slowly worked his way back to where Edna was crouched , and she pointed towards where the bird had flushed .
tr	O	Someone could have taken her to their home or to a different hospital .
tr	O	Sali hated that English was their first subject of the day ; Ashe didn 't mind at all .
tr	O	Watching her prepare food , he felt hungry , but not for food .
tr	I	It was probably the first real smile I 'd seen the from man .
tr	I	Silence met her then , and slept he .
tr	O	Don 't even think about it . '
tr	O	Iseo offered water to the newly born stranger .
tr	O	Before taking in the cat for treatment , he asked Aunt Melanie why she felt the need to kick the animal around .
tr	I	When he finally his lifted head , his eyes blazed with demand .
tr	I	Jeff grabbed the lamp and brought it into the room before turning the up flame to inspect Jenny 's face .
tr	O	He mulled this over .
tr	I	She her widens eyes , as if to say , bring it .
tr	I	In the meantime , he went sightseeing , at times accompanied followers by .
tr	I	Jack kicked the horse hard in the flanks , and turned galloped the short distance to his partner .
tr	I	The next rose petal was tossed backward , her over shoulder .
tr	I	Instead , he took off his coat , draping it on back the of a chair , and walked towards me .
tr	O	The man repeats louder .
tr	O	My attempt at a replacement for the drugs I 've done for years .
tr	O	They were damned annoying at times .
tr	I	I tripped again and landed wholly on something very soft and rolled it slightly beneath me with my shifting of weight to get back to my feet .
tr	I	' I don 't ; know something . '
tr	I	Stacey and blinked heat infused her cheeks .
tr	O	But it was company he 'd expected .
tr	O	Hardin heard the Captains ' punch line as he came down the spiral staircase .
tr	I	Trusting her mother was making the best decision a about woman who 'd tossed her out while pregnant and barely sixteen ?
tr	I	If a person had enough money , they could purchase one the of very limited seats above a departing airship .
tr	I	They can it have !
tr	I	He recognized the uniform of the Arash Navy Empire .
tr	I	Her blond hair her covered face .
tr	O	The grim look on his face sent a ripple of chills over Grace .
tr	O	She 'd dressed the way she always did for a workout , but suddenly she became uncomfortable with her skimpy attire and lack of makeup .
tr	I	Sweating was not something she particularly enjoyed , and she wiped herself with vengeance a .
tr	I	I watched you get lowered into the ground and then covered six by feet of earth .
tr	I	I 'd just never been honest enough to allow to her see it .
tr	O	He glanced over at her , his eyebrows raised as he studied her .
tr	I	I as watched he turned on his music and put his headphones in .
tr	O	we heard come from downstairs and he broke the kiss .
tr	O	There was only a tiny vent of a window letting in the last of the fading light from the sunset .
tr	O	His wife was in his arms , where she belonged , where he intended to keep her .
tr	O	A bloodied and sullied home now .
tr	O	She 'd woken alone , showered , dressed , had a quick breakfast and ran back upstairs before anyone could catch her .
tr	I	A look back told me my second failed attempt .
tr	I	He holed up in his apartment for two weeks , sure the police would be kicking his door in to haul off him to jail .
tr	O	Do you have CCTV on this floor .
tr	I	He crossed his arms , in settling .
tr	O	A light came on at the back of the house .
tr	O	Never hesitate once you know you must kill a man .
tr	I	Aaron turned his on back to admire the ceiling .
tr	I	I must attend to the 's ship business ashore .
tr	I	Vivian stared at Alexei , her eyes lingering on twin the swords in his hands .
tr	I	As tonight had demonstrated , most still Alchemists struggled with handshakes .
tr	I	She said that she had a meeting with some new attorney across town within the hour she and thought it would be easier with me there .
tr	O	The two cyclists were on their feet , running away alongside their bikes as we argued .
tr	I	she asked , trying not beg to .
tr	I	I shout to Riley and Oliver , but do they not budge .
tr	I	In Sexton 's den , six entrepreneurs jumped up wide-eyed in horror .
tr	O	Whether he heard me or not didn 't affect his speed .
tr	O	This is not a factory !
tr	O	Accounting the lack of sleep and the loss of my energy , this was not going to end well for me .
tr	I	I towards start the door .
tr	I	Claire merely her rolled eyes .
tr	O	She always seemed to know what to say or do to ease the terrible weight crushing his chest .
tr	I	I tried to make quick a exit , but Agent Briggs stopped me in my tracks .
tr	O	A4 ( Rabbit ) : Listen you little shits !
tr	O	She 's looking at me with wide eyes and a raised brow .
tr	O	' But the workers ... ' ' What about them ?
tr	I	I knew something now that was what beyond I could put into words .
tr	O	No one even bothered with an umbrella unless the rain was sheeting .
tr	O	From his vantage point , he had to look up at her as she spoke .
tr	I	She would rather be out kicked of the Army than get treatment for something she didn 't have .
tr	O	We can control her .
tr	I	Marc sung to him when he reached the of base the stairs .
tr	I	She saw him savor her for touch only an instant before his face went rigid .
tr	I	I am not able to explain why is this happening .
tr	O	Back then he 'd wished she could stick around long enough to go with him .
tr	O	' It contains a small piece of parchment that bears writing sacred to us .
tr	I	I 'm not saying it would have been okay if 'd he punched me on a regular basis .
tr	I	' We 't haven seen or heard from Anna in a fortnight . '
tr	O	Beside him a voice cackled .
tr	I	Responding to this Inner Urge we feel , we 're seeking an Intangible -- Ideal or God ( another term which some prefer ) .
tr	O	If it 's any consolation to you , I feel like shit this morning .
tr	I	I won 't tell anyone you 're giving free counseling relationship over here without a license .
tr	I	Doyle took my hand and led into me the bedroom .
tr	O	I wouldn 't want to have to inquire with that other woman behind the bar .
tr	I	All was calm silent and .
tr	O	Charles tried his best to restrain his emotions .
tr	O	I bent over in the closet to get some flip flops and my new battle wound reared her ugly head .
tr	I	Many of chimed the kids had also found their peace .
tr	O	No one had ever dared to attack her here .
tr	I	I pretty was sure he thought I was an overwhelming failure in all things .
tr	O	He glanced back at her , his eyes carrying a smile even when his lips didn 't .
tr	I	Nino produced bottle another , which , surprisingly , came from just around the corner .
tr	O	He tried to listen in on what they were saying , but the only thing his microphone picked up was the wind rolling across the plain .
tr	O	How many times had he sat in his car across the street , watching our house , studying silhouettes in the windows ?
tr	I	Last he 'd heard , they 'd a had blow-up in the Roadhouse .
tr	O	The gan crumpled , mouth bleeding .
tr	I	For Dad he was the loyal staff member , knowledgeable in areas all .
tr	O	The phone went quiet for a minute or so .
tr	O	I didn 't want to .
tr	O	What is left is that part of you that is genuine , that is intimately connected to the true god .
tr	O	Hopefully the trauma wouldn 't need my help because this day was starting to look a little hectic .
tr	O	She shook his hand .
tr	I	He reached for her The ... blast of a horn from the road had him bolting up in the car .
tr	I	Do you think it 'll okay be ?
tr	O	You 've been protecting her from a secret that she didn 't need protecting from .
tr	O	I focused on my breathing with each step towards Cohen 's apartment .
tr	I	He lifted the hat off his head , threw back his head and laughed , upwards looking at the moon .
tr	I	And last , but far from least , was that gutter son of a 's whore purge of the Dark Realm .
tr	O	But that wasn 't something he wanted to share .
tr	I	The cold air hit me with more than force earlier , perhaps an effect of the whiskey , not that I 'd had all that much .
tr	O	Brindle took him a different way back to his room , but this route didn 't reveal anything important .
tr	I	She reflexively smiled back , then yanked her eyes away increased and her pace .
tr	O	She tightened her grip on the pot .
tr	I	A middle aged , balding , black man was sitting at the table kitchen .
tr	O	As she eased open the door , she slipped on her goggles so she could see the lines of the infrared beams that crisscrossed the room .
tr	O	If Romulus withstood the meter stick , so can I. Maybe ... Five minutes later , Viktor had been proven very wrong .
tr	I	His fingers whitened the on steering wheel .
tr	I	Viktor 's palm was sweaty the against iron handle .
tr	I	But they insisted she stay a for lengthy debrief about what went down at the Fizz .
tr	I	I was in love there no was doubt , hook line and sinker , nothing else in the world mattered .
tr	O	She had failed to block them numerous times yesterday and once this morning .
tr	I	The next I thing knew , Dad had lifted me into the air .
tr	I	He walked across the lobby to the far and side turned right .
tr	I	Sir John Huntington took pearls my .
tr	O	I looked around frantically in the dusky light for the source of the screaming .
tr	O	They reached the narrow trail .
tr	I	Legend has it one that man , the chosen one , will be able to hoist it by himself .
tr	I	Lacy asked , stepping out onto porch the .
tr	O	He just wanted to hold it off a little longer .
tr	I	He was looking directly at us , but the guy poor saw nothing .
tr	O	The dirt and tiny plants between the obsidian columns had been burned recently .
tr	O	The last thing he wanted to do was cause her pain .
tr	O	He 'd still admonish her for going her own way and she was firm in her refusal to bow to his wishes .
tr	O	Not a single decorative fragment had matching shapes ; some wrapped and some overlapped .
tr	I	I fell in love with you the moment saw I you .
tr	O	Could we deepen her knowledge or bring her into closer understanding of what was divine ?
tr	I	Adam continued sleep to undisturbed .
tr	I	Such presence was there , though ; Grey feel could it .
tr	O	In the movies you always saw zombie situations dealt with using extreme force .
tr	I	You this sent demon !
tr	I	I took hand her .
tr	I	Or should I perhaps entrust it someone to in one of the villages ?
tr	O	Javier motioned his horse to the side and he rode up the edge , onto a ridge where he had higher ground .
tr	I	No one was waiting to jump me outside , so I figured my had father them under control .
tr	O	All trace of both drugs would clear his bloodstream in less than an hour .
tr	O	Rosa smiled proudly as she watched him savor her work .
tr	I	I wasn going 't to let him take care of me .
tr	I	Hunter came into the room , nodded to Dolores turned and to Neil .
tr	I	At that moment , he saw the shadow flicker on the ground , cast by the ray solitary of heaven 's light .
tr	I	A crack ran diagonally across the screen , but miraculously , the home screen after appeared a few moments .
tr	O	I wasn 't going to share him anymore .
tr	I	A clump of snow fell onto Orson 's lap as glass the lowered into the door .
tr	O	I inched around the sink , toward the door .
tr	O	She was close enough to smell a whiff of alcohol on his breath .
tr	O	I let it , because it had given me an idea .
tr	O	Then he whirled around , his black cape swirling around his legs .
tr	O	It was like stepping into a ray of sun on a cold and windy day .
tr	I	I cast eyes my downward .
tr	I	Liz back jolted , but Tara held firm and wouldn 't let her go .
tr	I	Todd didn 't believe for him a minute .
tr	O	The good thing about her confinement was that she didn 't have to work and her welts were allowed to heal .
tr	I	She started sob to .
tr	O	I 'm not here to socialize .
tr	I	They could recognize when their leader was enraged , so they knew better than to questions raise or objections .
tr	O	He was in a downstairs closet , throwing things around , when he hit a wall panel and knocked it loose .
tr	I	Yes , this is I what wanted to say .
tr	O	I 'll be more than willing to tell them everything I just told you if it would help you find peace .
tr	I	Her hand went to her necklace and ran its fingers across the arrow , an unbearable silence the squeezing oxygen from her lungs .
tr	O	This was about the most obvious invitation I had ever spoken to a man .
tr	O	For the briefest of instants a flicker of recognition registered on the baron 's face .
tr	O	Jordan pulled her closer as she dropped her head against his shoulder .
tr	I	I want you to this see nightgown .
tr	O	Ivor broke the spell ; the violin sound stopped abruptly .
tr	O	The gruff note in his voice tonight was the same .
tr	I	That that implies there is a World War I between now and then ? '
tr	O	Pammy said , leaning even closer to me .
tr	O	Standing up , I walked to my bag and dug out my pink shorts I 'd brought to sleep in .
tr	I	She was glowing so brightly that I squinted I as sat up .
tr	O	As he started away , Blaine pushed at the pan in his hands .
tr	I	I decided to get up out of bed prepare and for the day .
tr	I	She 'd had enough ; she 'd had a knife at her throat and seen his lifeless seemingly body loaded into an ambulance .
tr	O	She didn 't want it to be either one , but she couldn 't withstand that kind of rejection from her mother .
tr	I	He at glanced his watch .
tr	I	Mine not was a toy but a precision instrument , heavy and cherry red so the FIB would quit trying to take it away from me .
tr	I	The day had grown inexplicably hotter , and mouth his was suddenly parched .
tr	O	When they awoke it was early morning .
tr	O	I 've got Biscuit on patrol tonight .
tr	I	They will perform upon the you most exquisite tortures until you are forced to speak .
tr	O	She twisted sideways to face him .
tr	O	Reggie turned to glance at Cheyenne .
tr	O	They munched on cheese and crackers and sipped lemonade while the boat cut through the glassy seas .
tr	O	Her eyes fluttered closed , but she promised herself she wouldn 't fall asleep .
tr	I	She gulped , dreams her doused .
tr	I	And he gone was .
tr	O	And it isn 't much .
tr	I	Her hand reached out , as if to the grab necklace .
tr	I	It took everything I had not to blubbering start about how much I 'll miss her when she leaves for college .
tr	I	It seemed to him please and his boyish grin appeared .
tr	O	Had I heard it before ?
tr	I	Black up took the questioning .
tr	I	Copies were either in family the library or in his own private library .
tr	O	He stared as the fabric fell away a little to reveal her body beneath .
tr	I	His warmth penetrated body my and relaxed me .
tr	I	Ted figured he had put in full a day .
tr	I	If the programming not 's right , you adjust it .
tr	I	Big John blushed at the sight her of nakedness and looked at his shoes .
tr	O	And I didn 't want to make a big scene in front of everyone , especially not tonight .
tr	I	I about was to return home , there being nothing else I could do when I heard a loud commotion from the surface .
tr	I	It features some of same the characters and the first installment , Blur , is always free .
tr	I	My hazy stare looked to around see the front of the building was destroyed , scattered around us .
tr	O	My son died when he was a baby .
tr	I	Rose and Dimitri bid us farewell once everything was settled , and the three of us made our way up the to suite we 'd been given .
tr	O	I looked into the open doors we passed .
tr	O	You shouldn 't do this to me in the hospital .
tr	O	I 'd almost forgotten it was there .
tr	O	I grab the orb to pull it off .
tr	I	She wept for the woman this family still for grieved and , with purity of heart , wished that she were still alive .
tr	O	' Well , what can you tell me about that style ? '
tr	O	Come on , let 's go get checked in .
tr	O	Zack and I climbed out of the hole and rushed to sit next to our bounty .
tr	I	And people tended to jump conclusions to .
tr	I	She 'd never come that close violence to like that before .
tr	I	My feelings for Bill were so confused and conflicting , I had no hope of sorting them out soon anytime .
tr	O	That was all he needed .
tr	O	Somewhere not so deep down she hadn 't forgotten that there had been no word from him for six months .
tr	O	Time , rather than letting us through , shot through us .
tr	O	I was a little nervous because this was my first dance with a girl , who happened to be my first girlfriend .
tr	I	I wasn trying 't to be smart .
tr	I	Case repositioned the on phone his ear while he paced , his breathing quickening and growing audible .
tr	I	She stopped before the common area , hovering a behind pillar , determining which way to go .
tr	O	He lit a burner on the stove and in minutes whipped up dehydrated scrambled eggs , accompanied by more crackers and something resembling orange juice .
tr	I	I shook my head though was I .
tr	O	I stared back at her and grinned inwardly as I saw her staring at me body and take a step back .
tr	I	I was mistaken in my initial judgement of you , and I do have genuine regret personal over threats to your family .
tr	O	He followed the other caterer into the crowd .
tr	O	But I had needed him so much ... .
tr	I	Roland next sits to me .
tr	I	She stared down at sidewalk the .
tr	I	She pulls out it .
tr	I	And the truth its rears ugly head .
tr	I	Miss Level opening was a door .
tr	I	Suddenly she went very still , then her skin puckered into tiny goose bumps as she began quiver to uncontrollably .
tr	I	Glancing around , tried she to get her bearings .
tr	I	With a final lingering lick , she him released and stood .
tr	I	The thick veins in his hand were first the to darken , branching out before spreading up his arm .
tr	O	A customer recommended him .
tr	O	She remembered what Benedict said last night .
tr	I	Gray leaned and lower touched the chakra wheel inscribed below the lines .
tr	O	I sit , leaning back on my elbows .
tr	I	He wore a biker vest , which showed tatts off that ran down his arms .
tr	O	His mouth and nose became a black beak with a razor-sharp edge , and talons grew out from where his human feet had been .
tr	I	Perry turned away from Hess and Sable , shielding Cinder his with back .
tr	O	Security for the Santa Christa women 's team .
tr	I	You just needed few a more minutes .
tr	I	News had also reached the Kremlin of the interest being in shown Barclay 's work by the Arab states .
tr	I	I was self-sufficient feeling as hell .
tr	I	I washed my face and brushed my teeth with from water the hand pump .
tr	I	The overwhelming exhaustion eating at consciousness my didn 't help the dread from seeping through my skin .
tr	I	I put my against palm the cool metal of my locker to steady myself .
tr	O	As Mary recalled , a blush was caused by blood rushing to the capillaries of one 's face .
tr	O	She can tell you any and all kid-friendly activities within a 50-mile radius .
tr	O	It was only expected that he could and would adapt .
tr	I	The words from poured the beast 's mouth in a slew of painful bursts .
tr	O	' She 's probably one of the worst we 'll have to face . '
tr	O	Without another word , Vac rose to his feet .
tr	O	She knew Lucas Parker was going to disappear from her life again .
tr	O	It was barely ten .
tr	O	She unfolded the note .
tr	O	Terror tore through her , her pain was forgotten as the struggle for her life was renewed .
tr	I	It is the little shadow which runs the across grass and loses itself in the sunset .
tr	O	As he passed out of view of the crowd , Chase felt a bolt of inspiration hit him .
tr	O	Hug him and tell him she loved him .
tr	O	Please don 't be mad at me , Mother . '
tr	I	Evan crossed the room to me before just Mom ran over to show Lydia the ring .
tr	O	he asked , extremely curious about the woman who raised such an intelligent and loyal woman on her own .
tr	I	I could have chosen door the .
tr	O	I don 't want the children scared people .
tr	I	He looked thunderous as his eyes from shifted me to Jess .
tr	I	I bit my lip to keep from crying out , hanging onto the window ledge , my thighs trembling with the of force my orgasm .
tr	I	Not people many looked me in the eye .
tr	I	Madeline 's voice floated over the sounds other of the party .
tr	O	Ellen Rose asked her Pa. .
tr	O	Rusty 's graduation , when Nathan had seemed to come out of his shell after his horrific imprisonment in the Middle East .
tr	I	The platform shook under the power of the energy red like before .
tr	O	Instead he could agree , silently , to stick to the job .
tr	O	I smiled -- Alexi was OK .
tr	O	I tried to will my body to move , but to no avail .
tr	O	I turned back to Marissa .
tr	I	Stefan was surprised to find Mrs. Flowers waiting them for when they returned from their picnic .
tr	I	I hadn 't tried using my voice when before analyzing what I was able to move on my body .
tr	I	Things are going far too well to take kind that of a risk now .
tr	O	We were just a few thousand feet from crashing into the water .
tr	I	I nod , myself forcing to seem calm .
tr	I	Did I imagine it , or did a look irritation of flash across Evan 's face .
tr	I	But damn it , this 't isn fair .
tr	I	I 'm not letting off you the hook that easily .
tr	I	These ones de Quincey sent after Tessa on the bridge are not like the in one the crypt .
tr	I	He stands it over and looks back at me .
tr	I	It was Jared 's bluntness that made me open my again eyes .
tr	I	The others were pleasant enough , but none had Maran sly 's wit .
tr	O	One day an equally famous or rich woman would adorn his side .
tr	I	She moved off him , as unsure these of new emotions as she was of her ability to stand up on her own two feet .
tr	I	Johnny said standing slapping and his back .
tr	O	And then nothing was confusing at all .
tr	O	Michelle made her way off the path , into the low snow , toward the stranger and the bench .
tr	O	It was almost like I could feel him lurking .
tr	O	Even though over a month had passed since her abrupt departure from Clayton , Briggs , and Schuster , she was still angry .
tr	O	She felt the twitches of loss of control seizing her .
tr	I	He scanned that website now looking again for clues .
tr	I	Once inside , he slammed it closed behind him , barely it making through the back door .
tr	O	But only because he chose to .
tr	O	-- brought out the convulsions of laughter from her -- I 'm not going that for back in the time .
tr	I	' Would there be any chance of me borrowing one of your dresses amazing ?
tr	I	This pathetic creature bore nothing more than a common foot soldier possess might .
tr	I	He didn 't fazed seem .
tr	I	I held her tight as finished I inside of her .
tr	I	It 't wasn as if they were kids who 'd rushed into the relationship .
tr	I	I would not offer you violence any of kind or mistreat you physically in any way .
tr	O	I was really alone and it was dark .
tr	I	But instead she declared she fancied a cup of tea and proceeded to walk down the stairs to the servants ' area , where Daisy headed was .
tr	I	She stepped back and folded her over arms her chest .
tr	I	I ran down the aisle closest to me , the all way to the end , and turned left .
tr	O	And here she 'd thought she just missed him .
tr	I	He found himself raising his fists a into fighting stance when the man produced a shiny object .
tr	I	He then the did same with Monica Dixon .
tr	I	Alex tried to sit up but Howie stood up quickly and placed one hand his on shoulder to stop him .
tr	O	We 'll fight , and we 'll die with dignity .
tr	I	She reached for light the but he stopped her .
tr	I	I try to my make voice as impartial as I can .
tr	O	I only knew three things about him .
tr	I	Since Ben always muttered over editorial pages , I had no way of telling whether he was in a receptive or mood not .
tr	O	And I 'll be the one you 're coming to be with .
tr	O	There 's an ache in the pit of my stomach that 's gnawing on my nerves .
tr	O	An aging crone wielding a broom stepped out from behind her barrels of trash and dirty linens , and blocked Jack 's path .
tr	O	Bits and pieces of the past were floating back to me , and I knew that something terrible had befallen the world .
tr	I	Everyone , including Riddick , stood at attention and saluted Kenner , biggest the and coolest African American Marine Riddick had ever met .
tr	O	I 'm not explaining myself well ... Um , let 's see .
tr	O	Both Mother and I jump at the sound of a key in the door .
tr	I	He was holding me his in arms like he used to when I was a kid .
tr	O	There was something about this cook woman that bothered her , but she couldn 't put her finger on why .
tr	I	You 're the one who 's always on a schedule time .
tr	I	Thank you for respecting author the 's work .
tr	O	I 'm not sure which .
tr	I	Case into got his car and reflexively punched the door lock , a simple action that would have saved Lily had she thought of it .
tr	O	Evelyn motioned across the room .
tr	I	Coop promised he wouldn 't let anyone me hurt .
tr	I	I was trying to tough be .
tr	O	His voice was inside her head .
tr	O	Callum seated himself on the throne .
tr	I	And was it rising .
tr	O	At the sight of his leash , Rags did a jump and ran for the front door , his tail wagging .
tr	O	I can see shadows on the the face of the kid with the skateboard .
tr	I	But there weren 't a lot of places to go Dundee in .
tr	I	The room below is totally dark , but the light from tank the reveals a square hole that light doesn 't reflect off of .
tr	O	She smiled up at me .
tr	O	There was just sound , cramming the room to every corner .
tr	O	This time he didn 't try to stop me .
tr	I	I do have a few still charms up my sleeve .
tr	O	he asked softly when she didn 't appear to want to move .
tr	O	Indeed , you seem to be quite enjoying your new clients and projects .
tr	I	She 'd expected to find Sam cuddled up with pig the near his cage .
tr	I	In the shadows his face looks almost inhuman , and taut graven .
tr	I	Elaine cried , voice her growing louder as she rushed closer .
tr	O	He ran his hands over his hair .
tr	O	I would have to fight harder for Melissa .
tr	I	You could say that I got in on ground the floor and have since amassed an impressive fortune in that regard .
tr	O	Wars with you have already emptied our gallery of many who should have been there .
tr	O	And after getting poisoned by werewolf saliva and nearly dying over it , having a relationship with one of them didn 't seem like a good idea .
tr	O	Never go a day without laughing at least once .
tr	O	After finishing , he gave her a last look .
tr	I	Not my fault , he himself assured .
tr	I	The two of us ... laughed nervously .
tr	I	With his off shirt .
tr	O	I didn 't have much practice at matchmaking , but Trey and Angeline obviously weren 't having success getting over each other .
tr	I	The motion made her sick to her until stomach everything settled again .
tr	O	The man blinked , obviously not expecting the question .
tr	O	He was conscious of his blood pumping and leaving his body in immense proportions .
tr	I	He coordinated all the news edited and the newsfeeds that went out to the Alliance daily .
tr	O	Sometimes she was so angry with him , she forgot just how gorgeous he was .
tr	O	I always remembered everything people told me .
tr	I	He two put bullets in her head .
tr	I	There must be more to the story , so I waited for her to on go .
tr	O	I took another sip of wine and I could tell that I was starting to feel light-headed .
tr	I	I was in fantastic shape and even I was tired after some my of pool workouts .
tr	I	Curious , pulled Ashe out the cell to check his message .
tr	O	Scribe laid scissors into her outstretched palm .
tr	I	Sometimes I wanted to throw him a raw T-bone to see if pounced he on it .
tr	I	Odd knickknacks are interspersed on the shelves among the books and all the objects look as though they have a story tell to .
tr	I	On he earth had had a special relationship with Irene ; she was his personal responsibility .
tr	I	The I Day Die I hum a song .
tr	I	I turned to see Mia standing there , looking a schoolgirl holding a notebook and to pencil her chest .
tr	O	Just get the snail .
tr	O	She flinched from the sudden movement and he froze .
tr	I	She was still getting dressed and would down be around eight .
tr	O	His was expression unreadable as he turned to wait for her to catch up .
tr	I	His was face firm , but deeply sympathetic .
tr	I	This male who left scent his all over you .
tr	I	There was absolutely no proof of any kind that a crime had been committed in Sarah house 's .
tr	O	Sasha blinks , passing the knife to her other hand in order to return the salute .
tr	I	Jenna followed my gaze , and her on grip my hand got tighter .
tr	O	The last person who tried - shaking his head , he pushed the thought aside .
tr	I	I will do it if it needs be to done .
tr	O	Give me ... no , give yourself two weeks to think this over , Kylie .
tr	O	Two , then a dozen , then a hundred scattered in a triangle about ten feet across at its base .
tr	O	I nearly laugh out loud at the word .
tr	O	Marguerite 's was closed .
tr	I	Some things just need time to ripen , that 's all , like yours and Anne relationship 's .
tr	I	So she wasn 't ignoring Mackenzie mat well ; she would get at better it .
tr	O	That wasn 't even to mention the nearby barracks and other structural attachments to the manor itself .
tr	I	It was good a lesson for Dan to learn .
tr	I	But nothing this like .
tr	I	Rayford exclaimed to as himself he sat at his desk late one night in January .
tr	O	Okay , now that just made her mad .
tr	I	She was relaxing little a .
tr	O	With that , Antonio retrieved a scrap of paper from the top shelf under the counter and pulled the pencil stub from behind his right ear .
tr	O	His steady heartbeat thundered against her ear .
tr	O	One arm lay half off the bed , the hand hanging in midair .
tr	O	But till then you don 't know what I have on my shoulders ! '
tr	O	He looked outside , as if wishing he were somewhere else .
tr	I	He too was tired to try and conceal the emotion .
tr	I	The coffin empty was .
tr	O	My heart pounded as I closed the browser and dashed up the stairs to what I hoped was my bedroom .
tr	I	She could never forget that face , or teeth those .
tr	I	The woman it got .
tr	O	No , she would demand it .
tr	I	I felt myself fill the gaps , forcing my way through the network of veins arteries and , making slow but sure progress .
tr	O	I wanted to say more , but his eyes pulled me under .
tr	O	I don 't regret what I had with Derek .
tr	O	I told bits and pieces of my story to anyone who would listen .
tr	I	I was the to last arrive .
tr	O	I remember that it took quite a lot of ironing out , so that there could be no dispute about the identity of the future intended individual .
tr	I	However , now she to wanted know about him .
tr	O	She tensed once more , ready to swing as there came a loud rattling of the doorknob at the entrance .
tr	I	It was a terrifying experience not whether knowing we were the only uninfected people left .
tr	I	She aside set her lipstick .
tr	I	She claimed to have proof numerous and witnesses .
tr	I	We better careful be .
tr	O	And he fought on .
tr	I	She sat suddenly up and opened her eyes .
tr	I	The dog thumped its tail black enthusiastically against the wood floor .
tr	I	Joe his lifted head and eyed Rick angrily .
tr	I	Thick , off-white carpeting , with a startling level of cleanliness that Kaylee was to unaccustomed , covered the floor .
tr	I	The ship pretended to not understand .
tr	I	They on decided a table in the corner of the outdoor seating .
tr	O	After a few minutes , Tim helped Ellen remove the helmet and led the two of them inside .
tr	O	I flung myself toward the cupboards and , as I had done in Aiden 's office , began sifting through them .
tr	O	Business was up and running again by noon .
tr	O	The Mitchell Farm was dark as I pulled onto the dirt lane .
tr	O	I wanted to ask what these remedial lessons were all about , but Dad wasn 't looking up from his plate .
tr	I	she asked as took she her cardigan off and dumped it on the table .
tr	O	Belen led the crowd out of the office behind Edan as he stalked through the busy kitchen , snatching up a heavy steel ladle as he walked .
tr	O	He was arrogant , vain , and couldn 't keep his pants on , but he was a good business man .
tr	I	I have think to it 's because , like Pepper , they presume he 's waiting for Ben to start batting for the other team .
tr	O	If she wasn 't mistaken , his legs were longer , too .
tr	O	A fiery woman , the kind who could dish it out as well as she could take it .
tr	I	I scrambled up and ran toward Nash , who wielding was the gun as a bleeding pirate lay at his feet .
tr	O	Some numbers are pre-programmed .
tr	I	Callum looked at me in surprise at the number and I focused on the ground , afraid of seeing disgust in eyes his .
tr	I	His kiss bruised my lips but left craving me more as he nibbled at my neck as his fingers pulled at the buttons of my dress .
tr	O	He sounded like he meant it , and wasn 't that the loveliest thing of all ?
tr	I	' Hey , this 's ground still rumbling , ' she called .
tr	O	It 's important that we 're both on the same page with what we want to do .
tr	O	He shook his head to show me his complete rejection of my idea .
tr	I	The Carpathian Mountains beautiful are .
tr	I	The hurt she poured out , the act bought I to the last tremulous treacherous gasp .
tr	O	she whispered with a wink .
tr	O	I had this popper in the back seat of the car for years .
tr	O	He doesn 't sit by me in class or in the cafeteria .
tr	I	They need to know that it wasn 't their fault that information the leaked .
tr	O	He 'd made the decision more than a month ago .
tr	O	She rubbed her temples , there was a lump on the side of her head , she touched it briefly sending a stabbing pain across her brain .
tr	O	She pitched her voice in a way that was well received by the room 's acoustics , something she 'd probably practiced quite a bit .
tr	I	A deep , familiar spoke voice behind her .
tr	O	It was impossible to tell how long he had been dead .
tr	I	She would have fallen over if his hands had not been holding up her at the waist .
tr	I	She emerged from carriage the on her own , the heels of her boots ringing on the basalt floor .
tr	O	No one he could remember with that specific tone of authority .
tr	O	Jake had moved closer and was staring right into Toby 's eyes .
tr	I	Will said it 's morbid , and that I should it change .
tr	I	I couldn 't help but smile that knowing we actually had a lead .
tr	I	He put his around arm my shoulder and pulled me into his side .
tr	O	As I searched and kept discovering more rooms , I wondered just what kind of assistant Aiden was .
tr	I	She looks at tattoo the on my arm that 's for my mom .
tr	O	Your face lights up and you get a faraway look in your eyes , like you 're seeing him in your mind .
tr	I	I knew should something be said .
tr	I	A bit more one than cart a night ?
tr	O	And he looked very , very angry .
tr	O	The woman looked at her picture and said she had never seen her before .
tr	I	It was like the ghost itch of a missing limb that , even years later , you swore could you still feel .
tr	O	Bill stepped on the seat , and then up onto the starboard side deck of his sailboat .
tr	O	' No , I think you 're the kind of guy who murders his exes . '
tr	I	Hank offered a more detailed answer as headed they down .
tr	O	I played some blues .
tr	O	Her arm had almost been removed .
tr	O	With a sigh I reached into my makeup bag and pulled out all the products I hoped would make me look a little less ... destroyed .
tr	O	Dusty tan side curtains hid the stage from their view until they walked over to the small opening for performance entrances and exits .
tr	I	The chairs for the were family unfolded and ready with green covers slipped on .
tr	O	This time we didn 't stop .
tr	I	Rich his cleared throat .
tr	O	They turned off the ATV 's and headed into the brush .
tr	I	It McBride told he was right .
tr	I	Regarding both lads in drainpipe jeans , Adidas trainers and T-shirts , Amy thought looked they handsome but unmemorable .
tr	I	The children were gravitating towards like it flies to jam .
tr	I	It was all about the smell her of .
tr	I	Outside , the sound the of wind roaring through the trees was chilling , because I knew what those trees could hide now .
tr	I	Alma : Several civilizations far ancient more made tremendous progress , but the Greeks gave birth to genius .
tr	O	Vane lowered his head as he watched Bride packing .
tr	O	Much like the grooves left in the earth by her three-inch heels , her growing dread left ruts in her courage .
tr	O	I had never paid any man such attention before .
tr	I	I won 't be ever seeing you again .
tr	O	The air continued to spiral around them as they ran , carrying with it the stench of burning demon .
tr	O	Selena 's throat became tight .
tr	I	You need to still sit and listen for more .
tr	O	When the buckle clicked , Trenton started the car .
tr	I	She shot him angry an glare .
tr	O	The active files were kept in three metal cabinets next to the window .
tr	I	Graeme gave them a sharp look and then dipped his head in the direction of one of the lesser tables indicate to they should sit down .
tr	I	Were men all such ?
tr	O	Quickly , she attached her skates , and began to wobble along .
tr	O	Every car had been overturned and set ablaze .
tr	I	Samara followed him out the door and ran down the catwalk keeping one hand the on guardrail and the other sliding along the wall .
tr	O	As I reached the top , I steadied myself and grasped the bottom of the window .
tr	O	The sound is as frightful as the heat and flames - a crackling riot over an almost subsonic roar .
tr	I	Could she bleed death to from a severed tongue ?
tr	I	I need have to proven myself to you .
tr	O	That is when I lost it .
tr	I	He throws his finger into the air with hard a point .
tr	O	She wants your brother She 's denied you for him .
tr	I	Kira turned around , feeling those gray bore eyes into her back as she walked away .
tr	O	Maddy clasped her hands together in excitement .
tr	I	Olivia off got the couch , walking across the large , airy living room and into the hallway toward the front door .
tr	I	I respect you and desire to whatever do is best for you .
tr	O	Just being there in the same room with him , I felt like I was suffocating , and my voice was getting strangled inside my throat .
tr	I	Robbie pulls up in Mr. Cameron 's car to pick us up , we and pile in .
tr	I	This girl next door has had to not learn to care what other people think .
tr	O	I knew from the dew on the ground that it was only a matter of time before the sky ful y burst into morning .
tr	O	' You 're in the very worst of it , Sebastian .
tr	O	My biggest worry was that Nate and I might be on the same flight , but luckily his exams ended earlier than mine .
tr	O	I pushed harder , and felt our magic surge .
tr	O	She was getting far too much sun .
tr	O	He snorted and shot her a quick look .
tr	O	His massive face melted with disappointment .
tr	I	As she approached Kim 's neighborhood she turned on her turn signal merged and into the right lane toward her exit .
tr	I	Clary stared down her at cup of chocolate , now cold .
tr	I	One look at would her tell anyone she didn 't need reassurance , however .
tr	I	Emily wraps her arm my around forearm and squeezes .
tr	O	How happy she 'd be !
tr	I	But didn she 't want to do that to the boys during the holidays .
tr	I	Travis shook head his and ground his back teeth together .
tr	I	Whatever fellow we do pass on streets the bend down and look away , not showing the least enthusiasm that the King 's carriages are passing by .
tr	I	Even now , he so was exhausted he could barely keep his eyes open and yet he wanted to stay up so he could be with her .
tr	I	The door closed and shower the turned on .
tr	O	In the photo her hair was much longer , falling in a black curtain to her shoulders and her face looked thin .
tr	O	I ignored the dispatcher behind the desk , though she was looking at me curiously .
tr	O	' We also know she killed someone , ' Jacobs ventured tentatively .
tr	O	Because of her heroin acts and strong abilities , France and England together burned her to her death .
tr	O	Her insistence was as relentless as a Wisconsin winter .
tr	O	I smiled at Emily and she glared at me without answering , as she got into the back of the car .
tr	O	His jaw dropped so far that it almost hit the floor .
tr	O	The light didn 't dispel the fear in her mind .
tr	O	The light coloured stone seemed to glow from the moonlight in comparison to the dark woods and mountains surrounding it .
tr	I	He gave her a salute casual .
tr	I	Perhaps guilt making was him devious too .
tr	O	as playing cards , after careful y marking them with the four suits .
tr	I	She knew that her body was still the on couch in Linda 's library , but that didn 't deter from the realistic quality of the dream .
tr	O	It did about anything imaginable -- as long as it pertained to things that made the company money -- like work .
tr	I	This gift and many others would open the gates of heaven , fulfilling his promise that she would too walk the pathways as had he .
tr	I	He hadn 't come back from seeing her of out the house .
tr	O	I 'm just fine where I am , Kendra said .
tr	I	He pushed the tip of the wand into the smoldering incense , and then held it up so smoke the could swathe it .
tr	O	Colin must have moved his hand , slightly , but enough so that it brushed hers .
tr	I	Susannah returned to the house , double-checked every window and door , then met at Carolyn the curb where her friend had parked .
tr	O	I would suggest you hold your breath for the duration of the passing if I did not know humans are quite incapable of not breathing .
tr	I	I 'd through go every single newspaper looking for what was playing .
tr	I	But she didn 't have a damned clue how go to about it .
tr	I	They both down looked at the net .
tr	O	Eve couldn 't risk telling him that Alec was coming .
tr	O	Upon the ceiling were paintings of glorious episodes depicted by a great artist .
tr	I	We took her to the young woman in other the room .
tr	I	Ivory china and gold-plated utensils contributed to ambience an of elegance .
tr	O	Sean led her down a long corridor and then made a right turn .
tr	I	All she had to do was a be nice dog and curl in front of the fireplace .
tr	O	He grabs my hand and leads me out the back door .
tr	O	The bed above squeaks again .
tr	I	It is that imperative we stop him right here , right now , before he drags this club into the gutter .
tr	O	She did not know if he knew she could see him clearly in the dark .
tr	O	Sorry Sally , tonight my angel is staying with me .
tr	I	I 't hadn slept very well for the past few nights , and I felt my head begin to droop .
tr	I	His voice fills the room and makes prickle fear in my chest .
tr	I	He rolled his eyes , plucked wraparound sunglasses from the breast of pocket his jacket , and slipped them on before turning to leave .
tr	I	Moments later the pair exploded and breathless collapsed .
tr	I	Sam kept glancing at Chloe , but the only reaction he could was see the shaking of her fingers as she spooned the chili into her mouth .
tr	I	Well ... I to have think about this for a minute .
tr	O	But a small line furrowed deeper between his brows .
tr	I	Kevin fumbles something for inside his pocket .
tr	O	Over the past few days I have seen no evidence of further pursuit .
tr	O	She was having such a good time that the nightmare caught her by surprise .
tr	O	Nita held up one of the more complicated gadgets .
tr	I	' Initially to set place the up to offer city folk a country experience . '
tr	O	Don 't run from me again .
tr	I	I get up in the night and make my way across creaking the floorboards .
tr	O	Lucas smiles with the knowledge that he now has of the name of the girl that he is interested in .
tr	O	said Tuck with more sass than was wise , all things considered .
tr	I	Naomi slowly her shook head .
tr	I	He was answered by a middle finger slung straight up in the by air whoever was bringing up the rear .
tr	O	I am about to stab a dagger through the heart of her hope .
tr	I	She 'd fallen head over heels in with love him and ended up pregnant .
tr	I	My back aches , which is some indication , but it is definite not enough .
tr	I	I steal a at glance the door , and I 'm relieved to see that both the deadbolt and the chain are in place .
tr	O	I shouted , and Mary dropped her voice and her gaze .
tr	O	Much more decent than most , as it turns out .
tr	O	They acknowledged Sergio and some of the younger woman blushed and hustled around at his every command .
tr	I	Startled by the draw Cole to Stevens , I ignore whatever happened .
tr	I	I was surprised he his dropped pursuit so quickly .
tr	O	Cricket glances at me nervously .
tr	I	Then he dried his face and hands on the robe and turned back to ladder the .
tr	I	It just was my boobs .
tr	I	I knew was there an easy fix to this annoyance .
tr	I	He will not survive cold the . '
tr	I	She is here false under pretenses .
tr	I	Nevertheless , he 't didn mind .
tr	I	She stepped out and froze when she where saw they were .
tr	I	I enjoyed had her caretaking yesterday , and a part of me wanted that again today .
tr	I	They don just 't make men like that anymore .
tr	I	He found himself back in the woods snowy , searching for Ruth .
tr	O	He took the time to be astonished at how adept she was at merging with him .
tr	O	It had a peaked stone roof that looked intact , down to the window grates .
tr	O	The creature whirred and clicked , then began to speak again .
tr	O	The girl isn 't even with us , but I don 't want to watch the consequences play out .
tr	O	Jake hadn 't answered .
tr	O	He 'd never seen anything like them .
tr	O	Instead , I schooled my features to be careful y blank and unaffected as I approached Cade .
tr	O	I want a real life partner .
tr	I	He stroked her wound with his tongue and reared up , taking her mouth his with and he kissed her hard .
tr	I	Her dark eyes into stared his .
tr	O	Even now you are holding back for fear of harming one of us .
tr	I	The was world not what it had been .
tr	I	He shrugs as he rises back his to feet .
tr	I	And then I slept for what felt like an eternity , not certain I ever was going to wake up .
tr	O	Sam stumbled back , landing on his arse .
tr	I	No doubt doctor the would be watching the crew .
tr	O	She pushed him back with a hand flat on his shoulder .
tr	I	I check on the cut on my stomach to make sure I didn rip 't any stitches during our flight .
tr	O	Coffee which had sat on the burner for over 8 hours was poured into a Styrofoam cup with a packet of Sweet and Low .
tr	I	Keeping her attention half on the wolf , she followed Damien to the edge of the water and watched as he himself washed clean .
tr	I	That no way one is interrupted .
tr	O	From what I had gathered , the witchy spark had left her the moment she became something else .
tr	O	The talking heads continued to theorize about economic conditions .
tr	I	A single bed with a plain headboard , again in mahogany , was pushed up against the wall her to left .
tr	I	I not 'm sure what she decides , but when she looks away , she reaches for her purse on the table .
tr	I	Jamie just nodded him head , expression his thankful .
tr	I	My dad won 't tell anyone where the money is , so has mom to pay it back .
tr	O	She was so serious when she asked that it was almost funny .
tr	O	Which meant I 'd have to move again .
tr	O	She hated this because she knew exactly what happened when Laurel and John slipped inside the back office and locked the door .
tr	I	An RPG struck the Humvee in front , with fortunately little damage , but to enough bring the convoy to a temporary halt .
tr	O	I wasn 't with him because I had to be .
tr	I	He clung to back the of the chair as if bracing himself .
tr	O	The planned attack had been delayed to let the Navy soften up the enemy .
tr	O	Lissa sent along my travel info , and I took a taxi over to the airport .
tr	I	Two mannequins in pink and white uniform stood dresses at the coffeemaker and the register , respectively .
tr	I	I was in trapped some kind of old pine coffin , trying desperately to escape .
tr	I	He 'd had him stop in on Hereford his way down from Liverpool .
tr	O	We 're getting married and staying married .
tr	I	I feel the absence of aching the love that I 've come to yearn for , that I wanted so much to earn .
tr	I	She will fight every you step of the way .
tr	I	Of course wonder they !
tr	O	His own theories , he knew , coming from a full night of studying the artifacts without sleep made him more apt to come to crazy conclusions .
tr	I	He 't didn like the way the dog followed him around and watched every movement .
tr	I	He 's mine to save , and there 's nothing you could do break except my heart when they capture you again .
tr	O	Lia reached her foot out and shoved him with her heel .
tr	O	When I come back to London . '
tr	I	They start 'd it first thing , try to get a little more water out .
tr	I	But I 'm okay now , and don I 't want this to get worse .
tr	I	Strangers who all to seemed know him .
tr	O	I think about what good friends do .
tr	I	Emma 't wasn going to handle being questioned by my best friend very well .
tr	I	With a great effort , I the push rising darkness down .
tr	I	He turned back and stared thoughtfully at the god oh .
tr	I	Mama 's eyes all got shiny and a little tear fell from each one when she blinked .
tr	O	To see what I cannot .
tr	O	Had to know if all the bad stuff from the past had been wiped out of her mind .
tr	O	With the long boat prepared , ready and on the water , Roberto and Pierre were over the railing in no time .
tr	I	Beau broke his gaze , walked across the room , and settled into leather a chair .
tr	O	I sat down on the bed , and gripping her hips , I drew her closer to me , placing both her arms over my shoulders .
tr	O	The look in Stick 's eye during our midnight talk still gives me the creeps .
tr	O	My heart started pounding against my ribs .
tr	O	What had she gotten herself into by going to that interview ?
tr	O	I drive towards the meeting place I 've arranged with Evans .
tr	O	Winston began his descent on the curving exit ramp -- tapping his brakes , exercising great care so that he did not tumble over .
tr	I	Lucien spoke lightly , despite alarm his .
tr	O	She clutched her hands on her arms .
tr	I	It might just have been a play of the light , but he looked darker than he the had day before , healthier .
tr	I	The officers them escorted out the door , but proved to be no match for the reporters .
tr	I	She knew was he injured .
tr	I	He watched her pull pitcher the from the refrigerator .
tr	I	He be would dead in an instant .
tr	O	He opened it and shoved through the curtain into the room .
tr	O	Reefer 's mouth hung open .
tr	O	Could one Montana girl leave a trail of children across a continent or two ?
tr	O	She stood up , jarring the table and making the dishes rattle .
tr	O	She felt happier just knowing they were back together .
tr	O	She felt his chest move in an almost laugh .
tr	I	It was evidenced in Sylvie 's smile beaming .
tr	I	Elder 's is voice bitter .
tr	O	And on that line , he fell back into his stool .
tr	O	The men 's half of the duplex was on the other side of the master bedroom walls and the three other females were only feet away .
tr	O	He 'd get over it .
tr	I	A fund-raiser in Angeles Los .
tr	I	Just so know you , I will remain in touch with Will throughout my visit .
tr	I	One minute later stood Vinny outside the elevator in the garage .
tr	O	It was almost a year before she finally came to my bed .
tr	I	The in woman the tight dress and awful hair and the big ugly man were walking down the hallway .
tr	O	I 've always loved ships , even since I was a kid .
tr	I	I knew that not everyone liked the sweet salty and combo .
tr	O	I wanted to see .
tr	O	He 'd even defied them in battle , refusing to be beaten .
tr	I	Safe and hopefully more relaxed him with in a public restaurant , Chloe thought in relief .
tr	O	They just looked at me blankly .
tr	O	All the boys wanted to say hello .
tr	I	I kept my hands determinedly on my knees as she moved between my legs , one of her reaching hands up to grip my hair .
tr	I	He right was ; they had hit a real person .
tr	I	She kept imagining what it might be like to kiss him again now that she trusted a him little more .
tr	I	Yellow police tape encircled it and the themselves staff had placed some cones around it .
tr	O	Don 't you think they could make use of hydropower ?
tr	O	He never lost when he went after something he wanted .
tr	I	A rainbow through clouds the ?
tr	O	' Find it , boy ... ' Spike was kneeling right down by Ed 's ear .
tr	O	The last time he 'd spoken to Sal had been approximately twenty-four hours before .
tr	I	Doyle above asked the melee of voices .
tr	O	An artwork by Giacometti depicting a skinny naked man stood in a corner .
tr	I	I follow , little a on edge .
tr	I	There was a flamingo pink rug as well as a flamingo matching pink toilet seat cover .
tr	I	By the morning next , the power had been restored to the hotel but for some reason none of them could get a signal on their phones .
tr	I	It 's the first time I 've a shown sign of life since I left the facility .
tr	I	The moment of Mark 's decision passed him by without his noticing it .
tr	I	What happened to friends our , our peers , our leaders , our factions ?
tr	I	But at look everything he 'd done to overcome his heritage and his past .
tr	O	Taking a deep breath she nodded and forced a smile .
tr	O	It seemed no time before we were called back to the wolf center .
tr	I	Have any or questions concerns ?
tr	I	His eyes popped shock in , but she did not stop .
tr	I	she her asked sister .
tr	I	He turned when came Sarah into the room , and his gaze seemed to linger as he nodded .
tr	O	Surely , he would be handsome , as were the other men in his family .
tr	O	I rolled down my window to speak with the police officer .
tr	O	I don 't want to name the one that represents me .
tr	I	' No , I 'm sorry I can 't help you but I 't don recognise her . '
tr	O	I had also liked him .
tr	I	Her skirt fell her around feet and he caressed her buttocks through the silk of her panties .
tr	I	Lia in cut , breaking off all conversation .
tr	O	He 'd packed up and was coming to look for me ?
tr	I	Cold detached and , Caroline strode past me into the house .
tr	O	Maybe then he 'd finally leave me alone .
tr	I	Where to first look ?
tr	I	He strolled in their direction , suddenly nervous again , but it all away faded when Haven looked at him .
tr	O	He kissed her as if he would never get enough of her .
tr	I	Howie was taken momentarily aback ; he 'd never heard the name of it .
tr	I	Maryanne swats my arm , but ignore I it .
tr	I	She laughed something at he said , and he bent to kiss the tip of her nose .
tr	I	There 's already so much weird stuff on there , they can tell 't when someone 's just made something up ! '
tr	I	A miles few down the road , I found a hotel and pulled in .
tr	O	Life had calmed down .
tr	I	You call may me ' sir , ' but I 'm putting you on notice .
tr	I	What could have the caused tracking sensors to come back on-line ?
tr	I	I a saw dog .
tr	I	I wished I could have told what her they were .
tr	O	Seeing the tree ahead in the distance , Daniel made a dash for it .
tr	O	Boo immediately climbed inside , pawed at the leather , and snuggled in .
tr	O	She hadn 't peed since they 'd arrived , too horrified that the police officers could be watching her on a hidden camera .
tr	O	Pushing up from the desk , he barked out orders .
tr	O	He raked fingers through his hair .
tr	O	It 's okay , honey .
tr	I	It 's easy that .
tr	I	He stood proudly again as she felt the chain that wrapped around neck his .
tr	O	Caleb 's eyes shot wide at the unexpected voice .
tr	O	John started swinging his fists at her stepdad , missed , but knocked Holiday over in the process .
tr	I	Somewhere around the third week it normal became .
tr	O	All around the clearing , the scouts were fighting and dying .
tr	O	The worst Is what you do to your children .
tr	I	And for the second time less in than a day , he heard her crying .
tr	O	Aisling piqued up behind Gabriel .
tr	I	The butterflies in my stomach flapping started in earnest .
tr	O	I 'm still trying to take it all in .
tr	O	If the creatures had him uncomfortable , this nearly made him swallow his tongue .
tr	I	Maybe had Seth a point .
tr	O	She jotted down his reply on a notepad .
tr	I	Just a dull , heavy lump his in chest , petrified by pain and fear .
tr	I	Across the highway there is a billboard advertising a Vegas chapel wedding .
tr	O	I find the boat you meet .
tr	O	I wanted my mom , but she would never answer , never comfort me .
tr	I	Unless the were children mated , parents expected their children to stay close to home .
tr	O	He picked up the bloody knife .
tr	I	The man 'd he come to see .
tr	I	It felt hot slimy and , with a texture that was distinctly ... inhuman .
tr	O	Abi waited in the receptionist office whilst Bey went off to find nurse Pearl .
tr	I	To tolerate total this loss of power ?
tr	O	Oh , I 'm fine .
tr	O	I didn 't even raise my head , but I turned my face slightly so I could look at the guy with challenge in my eyes .
tr	I	Then she 'd seen it on the sign as she drove past the bank up the street from house her .
tr	O	James had been watching .
tr	I	He called in a favor from of one his underworld connections and was referred to a man known only as , Garrison .
tr	O	There just isn 't anything for him .
tr	O	The people near them get hurt .
tr	O	She stepped in past Henna 's arm and rammed the butt of her hilt into the other girl 's nose .
tr	O	He and Shawn headed for Dana 's home but took precautions for the safety of the workers .
tr	I	Things didn she 't seem remotely interested in .
tr	O	Too bad it wasn 't his whole head .
tr	I	The other been had strangled .
tr	I	Reed is thrilled with the first two days Nathan and is just wonderful to work with .
tr	I	' That be 'd great for you Linda . '
tr	O	There 's nowhere to hide ... Just keep small and quiet .
tr	I	To slay this hydra only makes worse it .
tr	I	I tried to make my mind focus as lips my melted into his .
tr	O	I found myself following the untucked white T-shirt that hugged the contours of his muscular back until he was out of sight .
tr	O	He already knew where she lived .
tr	O	I can 't believe what you did to me ... walking off like that ... in front of our daughter too .
tr	O	The same symbols that the king 's cloak had borne were embroidered lavishly over the red lining .
tr	I	Valerie with asks confusion raising her hands in exasperation .
tr	I	A thick hickory stick which filled out to be about nearly the width of a bat baseball , only flat around the edges .
tr	O	Brennan and his men entered the immigration hall , and quickly scanned the queue of people waiting to go through passport control .
tr	I	He her was little brother , after all .
tr	I	Seriously , it getting was harder and harder to maneuver through the room , and she had to elbow people out of the way .
tr	I	What waiting you for ?
tr	I	When the door shut behind me , knew I it was symbolic .
tr	O	He smiled again , sheepishly .
tr	O	Three hundred years into the future , he 'd said .
tr	O	He groaned at the contact , and all of a sudden his control snapped .
tr	O	I hoped that it was a very , very secluded lake , and Nate was the only one who got to catch the show .
tr	O	His long hair dripped larger beads that ran down to soak into his bandages .
tr	O	I definitely shattered his cheekbone .
tr	O	Resentment would eventually overtake any good feelings she had , and that would be the end of what they 'd known as sisters .
tr	O	With the way their luck had been so far , he knew they needed all the help they could get .
tr	I	A of boy 20 has just had his first kiss .
tr	O	Brody grabbed the edge of the door and swung it closed .
tr	I	She not had changed one bit .
tr	O	It wasn 't long ago when their relationships was on the rocks , partially a result of today 's opponent .
tr	I	Hell , I was there halfway already .
tr	O	The rest of the day dragged , and tempers were rife in the office .
tr	O	He was buried inside of me , deeper than before and moving faster , one hand rubbing circles against my clit .
tr	O	Kissing him was as mind-blowing as ever , full of that same passion and need I had never believed I 'd feel .
tr	O	An idea had been taking shape in my mind for the last two days .
tr	I	I 'm shaking in slippers my .
tr	I	The portal wavered as the house itself fought back , to trying heal the rift , but whatever was tearing the entrance held firm .
tr	O	Chapter Twenty-two I was at the Urgent Care again .
tr	O	Slowly she sank down onto the stool , her legs so weak that she needed the support .
tr	I	The sweetness in the thickened air , and the urge to taste increased .
tr	O	Cain asked with dangerous softness , watching her like the predator he was .
tr	I	Chapter 9 Park Place wasn 't the expensive Monopoly real estate was I expecting .
tr	I	And I it got .
tr	I	Right now your baby is only a few inches long , but basic the skeletal parts are recognizable .
tr	I	I drop my things in the drawer by my bed and then make my over way to the window .
tr	I	For Jake and me , it had brought us closer but had added also this edge of possessiveness that I wasn 't expecting .
tr	I	He chuckled at his joke own , but then his face fell .
tr	O	He comes across as someone who doesn 't want to miss an opportunity when it presents itself .
tr	I	He felt her take her breath first , heard the first beat of her heart .
tr	I	He rarely saw his cousin , was which good because the man irritated him .
tr	O	Of course , I panicked when Dad said we were going to the proper restaurant .
tr	O	She licked her lips , struggling to regain her composure .
tr	O	She could picture Simon quite clearly in her head as he sat down , his fingers moving quickly over the keyboard .
tr	I	She knew from the way Judson was studying the that body he was picking up the same vibes and probably a lot more information than she could .
tr	O	I 'm staying with Beth this weekend .
tr	O	That little girl and her family had given Alex one of the best days of her life .
tr	O	She hadn 't realized how hungry she was until she took the first bite .
tr	O	I shook my head .
tr	O	I wanted to see it that way , too .
tr	O	She left the living room .
tr	I	At the end was a large arced door with the of Eye Isis embossed in gold .
tr	I	Oh great , a house of full females .
tr	I	The pain was excruciating , almost as bad as when he 'd been beaten imprisoned and for millennia .
tr	I	The figure stopped and , in one impossibly quick and movement smooth , drew a gun and fired down into the churning mass of combatants .
tr	O	Except that she 'd told him she hadn 't wanted to have children .
tr	O	She was a lovely woman , with clear blue eyes and long brown hair she wore tied in a ponytail .
tr	I	The band tonight played a mix of pop , country , some hip-hop , and a big few band numbers .
tr	I	Water on dripping a stone , commander .
tr	O	I glanced at Ness , excited .
tr	O	Startled horses reared their heads and three dumped their jockeys .
tr	O	She kissed him on the cheek and then turned back to the party .
tr	O	He 's quiet for a very long time , and when I open my eyes , he 's watching me .
tr	I	Superintendent Rose shook the others by answering directly so .
tr	O	I forgot to ask BD what the hell he wanted .
tr	I	Then Richard started buying up all the land around River Sunday and on the island , all he could get his on hands .
tr	O	Allison 's face appears in my mind , and I 'm reminded of what she said .
tr	I	She 'd lost her head , succumbed to desire and Lord only knew what would have happened if they hadn 't rescued been .
tr	O	He looked dead to the world .
tr	I	In my experience , it never 's good to have the client in the same room .
tr	O	The guys on Sam 's hotshot crew used to joke that he was superhuman , able to outrun a ball of flames in a single bound .
tr	I	I try to laugh and my trip lips on a stifled sob .
tr	O	Avery was perched on the edge of her seat .
tr	O	I give Simon 's shoulder a pat .
tr	I	It dark was , and the flames were behind him .
tr	O	Marriage was the farthest thing from her mind at the moment .
tr	I	He me showed the shell in his other hand , it was slightly bigger , but had a darker exterior that was still covered in sand .
tr	O	She started at Chase 's words .
tr	I	She was too crying hard .
tr	O	Finally , the smell of pine and grass and moist dirt overtook the city smells of defecation and human odor .
tr	I	John tightened his grip around my arm and I tried to jerk away , but I couldn 't move , although he wasn 't me hurting .
tr	O	Bree turned toward Chad and sent him a stunning smile that would 've dropped him to his knees had he not already been sitting .
tr	O	You have saved me the trouble of tracking you down .
tr	I	He exhaled heavily , and Edmund resisted turning from foul his breath .
tr	I	We went at slow a pace .
tr	I	It absolutely was beautiful .
tr	O	She was silent for a second , almost as if she couldn 't believe I made a half-assed joke , and then she laughed .
tr	O	Ah , thought Vimes .
tr	O	Against the striking view of the mountains I find an old log cabin .
tr	I	But this was no man ordinary .
tr	O	The Prince noticed they each wore an ornamental dagger on a chain around their necks , but none reached for it .
tr	O	He waved and she saw a tattoo on his palm .
tr	I	The smell of smoke cigarette drifts by .
tr	O	The jaguar hit the master vampire full force , teeth sinking into the back of his head .
tr	O	How was she going to find out what she needed to know without revealing how little she knew ?
tr	O	Noelle felt a surge of victory , but tried to keep it from showing on her face .
tr	I	He toward walked me then hooked one finger behind the ancient tapestry and peeked behind it .
tr	O	How had he known about the loan in the first place ?
tr	O	They 'll both be fine .
tr	O	I don 't know .
tr	I	Our last one decided to get off Albuquerque in , New Mexico .
tr	O	I 'd seen a lot of gross stuff in my day , but I still wrinkled my nose .
tr	O	Claire moved forward at a run , and pressed the trigger .
tr	O	Too much to sort out .
tr	O	I was panting , feeling desperate .
tr	I	I couldn 't reach him through the open car door , so I grabbed only the thing I could -- his neck .
tr	I	He gave a her squeeze .
tr	I	Owen came out sat and beside me on the couch , trying his best to be strong and comforting .
tr	I	I slide back , out of reach his for the moment .
tr	I	His hair was blond , cut short , so and thick she could barely see through it to the healthy pink scalp below .
tr	I	It was only as I began to get seated that I noticed the buffet , laid out on table the in front of us .
tr	O	Wes whistled and shoved his hands into his pockets .
tr	I	Whatever reason there was for it , Emma often wished she could be liberal as as Beth .
tr	O	Drake sat across the table from Jason , not paying him much attention .
tr	O	He paid so little attention that he found himself sitting in an empty math class several minutes after everyone , including the teacher , left for lunch .
tr	O	Jade took the middle seat of the sofa and sat cross-legged , facing Joey .
tr	I	The smell of incense made him dizzy , reopened hidden that wounds had never healed .
tr	O	I lean between the seats , reaching back to her , and click the thing into place .
tr	I	I strain my and ears listen .
tr	O	It 's easy enough to cook I guess .
tr	O	You are the only person who is important to me .
tr	O	With each heel strike , the tension coiled inside her .
tr	I	Moaning and howling , clawed they at their monstrous faces relentlessly as they wailed .
tr	O	What people create out there when they 're unrestricted -- it would take your breath away .
tr	I	Blankenship was a killer , and so were lackeys his .
tr	I	Bishop released Julian go to to her .
tr	O	Nathan wasn 't exactly certain what led to the end of the world .
tr	O	Unfortunately , when people think of you as a fighter , they want to challenge you .
tr	O	Her pouty mouth turned into a frown .
tr	I	She wouldn understand 't .
tr	O	Nadine crouched down and pointed under the aircraft .
tr	I	Deni landed against his chest , her gray eyes wide going .
tr	I	When the war started we didn 't realize that soldiers throwing at the enemy wasn 't going to accomplish anything .
tr	O	No special powers , no healing earth , no more ability to hear and understand animals .
tr	O	Then he turns to the girls .
tr	O	We took our seats in the middle of a circular table in the center of the room .
tr	O	Was this what would happen to all Shifters ?
tr	I	Liam seemed to realize this , and put his back firmly to her , walking the to window and looking out .
tr	I	The rest of us could without go treatment until we hit Soldier 's Pond .
tr	O	There had been offers , not many , but enough to get under her skin .
tr	O	Gloria cried when I declined to hold our new baby daughter .
tr	O	Sara picked her words as she went along .
tr	I	They truly have war declared .
tr	O	the God of War of the Iban .
tr	O	His finger was on the trigger .
tr	I	Erin came around her side other .
tr	O	In the fading light , the old man looked at his son .
tr	O	She turned a brilliant smile up at Rebecca .
tr	I	The playfulness vanished his from eyes .
tr	I	At every second , I keep expecting the : blast a tornado of wooden shrapnel , a roaring tunnel of fire .
tr	O	My heart thumps in my chest when he looks at me like that .
tr	O	Godwin came to a plan .
tr	I	He waved his chopsticks in the air , shifting again to the voice of father his .
tr	O	' What do we do ? '
tr	I	There would be no help that from quarter .
tr	O	Cole 's bike wasn 't parked out front , and I wasn 't at the right angle to see inside the glass windows of the store .
tr	O	Through all the panic I got left behind .
tr	I	He raked his fingers his through hair .
tr	O	Nolen put a boot across his neck and held him to his side , one hand still grasping the leash .
tr	O	Warmth slid up her arm and encircled her throat where his necklace lay .
tr	I	He how wonders quickly this vast and total deprivation will drive him crazy .
tr	O	She held up her hand to stop his protests .
tr	I	I walk the roof 's perimeter , but their random wandering has spread in them all directions .
tr	I	Do want you another glass of wine ?
tr	I	I Christian called , he is coming early .
tr	I	He quickly complied , pressing his to lips hers .
tr	O	I was still Phaedra , which was good .
tr	I	She awkwardly her rested palms on her sides then glanced up at the lights twinkling on the Ferris wheel .
tr	I	He shifted look to at me better .
tr	O	It 's flat pentagon face bouncing between toe two individuals .
tr	I	But because he 'll know now that I not hope only to race but to make money at it .
tr	I	' You seem to know me , ' said he , ' but I don 't seem to recall that we 've ever met before . '
tr	O	Brian ducked his head , obviously embarrassed .
tr	O	Now they are all three on the sidewalk near the entrance .
tr	I	She at glanced the faces of her husbands , at the earnest determination in their eyes .
tr	I	He 't didn answer .
tr	I	Before they had barely to fallen the ground , he ripped the remaining tape from his mouth and was feverishly working on the rope around his ankles .
tr	I	Thick cords ran along up his throat .
tr	I	I at looked him , brows raised .
tr	I	White globes of sweet-smelling flowers burst like stars across the all green .
tr	O	Knowing that the young man would hear their conversation , Dugin began whispering something to his employee .
tr	O	Wait for me to call you and tell you how everything went .
tr	I	Close by sat another single engine high plane wing , securely tied down .
tr	I	I let go of Garrick , and Cade 's wrapped arm around my middle .
tr	I	She couldn 't to afford let her guard down even for a minute .
tr	I	The dresses were conjuring mental images Maddie of and Seth walking down the aisle together .
tr	I	He closed his eyes and waited for the to pain subside into numbness .
tr	O	Amber breathed in deep and forced a silly giggle .
tr	O	Nothing will ever be normal for us , Gwen Frazier , he thought .
tr	O	He thought he saw other vehicles .
tr	O	Asked Lea with a smile .
tr	I	I hesitated , not sure to how explain what I 'd gone through .
tr	O	A quick estimate told him one hundred or more headstones awaited his quick inspection .
tr	I	Quixote must 've stayed with Cain , because didn Sheridan 't see him .
tr	O	His rational mind begged him to stop , but his instincts kept driving him on like a jockey with a whip .
tr	O	Many human scents were mingled together , impossible to pick out any that might have been a shifter .
tr	O	He told her goodbye .
tr	I	When Hayden 's eyes shifted to Rosie 's desk , shook I my head .
tr	O	She shook away the memory .
tr	I	Theresa tried to ask it coolly , but her voice quivered , betraying rage the and the fear metastasizing inside of her .
tr	O	I 'd seen him buying brownies and looking under the hood of a Model T .
tr	O	What if she relapsed ?
tr	I	The door shuddered under the weight of hitting bodies it .
tr	I	She a was vision .
tr	I	he asks , nodding my toward horse .
tr	O	Since she reached past him and grabbed the brush , he decided to take her up on the offer .
tr	I	I felt his tongue as I my registered own mouth was tingling .
tr	O	She was crushed under the weight of failure .
tr	I	A wicker handle poked from the crushed and stone mortar .
tr	O	I 'm having a baby .
tr	I	They hit it off splendidly and pretty soon we had a nice little of group baby Werewolves and Vampires running around having a jolly good time .
tr	I	' Let guess me .
tr	O	His father was a prominent doctor in Buffalo .
tr	O	She had tried to kill Galen , and almost succeeded .
tr	O	Nicolette smiled up at Vane .
tr	O	Harriet patted my shoulder .
tr	O	' They 've ... They 've ... ' he wheezes .
tr	I	Her was kind very frail in comparison .
tr	O	Go ahead , throw yourself down a mountain .
tr	O	His expression drops with that question , and he releases my hand from his .
tr	O	My voice cracks and I scramble to my feet .
tr	I	The normal roar of the waves against the shoreline rocks was muted the as ground wave neutralised the onshore currents .
tr	O	Including her , until now .
tr	O	Rema pulled her down to the straw mattress .
tr	O	And I remember seeing William 's dad in town some , back when I was a kid .
tr	I	I signaled to the bartender I was ready for more water he and chuckled at me from where he stood .
tr	O	I avoided Dan 's gaze as they reached me and looked to Lucy instead .
tr	O	And sleeping with them had never held any appeal at all .
tr	O	Poseidon and Athena turned hearing the same thought as I did .
tr	I	' I not did feel it was right to put him forward , ' Pia said with a sob .
tr	I	I was trying to find a way to tell you I that changed my mind .
tr	O	I will speak loudly to those who still listen .
tr	I	The man he 'd seemed to in see the lull in the fighting .
tr	I	Paulette was alone left to read .
tr	I	The spectators to were stand or sit on the sidelines .
tr	I	He barricaded himself his in house and shot her in the head .
tr	O	Keeping his grip on the jacket , he walked backward until he leaned against the wall , pulling her closer .
tr	I	The Israelis had thought earthquake the was their biggest problem .
tr	O	Quinn doesn 't belong to me .
tr	O	Whatever it took , she would not let that woman and child end up trapped in a flooded basement filled with monsters the way she 'd been .
tr	O	I just keep getting weaker and weaker .
tr	O	Its results will not be good .
tr	O	Maybe the anger was more at herself .
tr	I	She turned back to the watch snaking line of Normans make its way across the bridge and wondered what the man was plotting .
tr	I	None the of cars budged .
tr	I	You got involved the in demonstration ?
tr	I	Thrown together onboard ship , the two women 's lives soon intertwine surprising in and even dangerous ways .
tr	O	He reckoned he was hiding something underneath that icy exterior of his .
tr	O	You seize upon this wonderful opportunity to get yourself killed in the blink of an eye and jump within .
tr	I	I do so to love explain .
tr	I	The water cold was .
tr	I	Yusuf looked him at .
tr	O	Of course she didn 't get any sleep last night .
tr	I	She looked a like monster .
tr	O	He knew that because he watched for her from the barn .
tr	I	He only wished it was the type of nervous conversation she likely it presumed would be .
tr	O	She had to admit he was right , she just couldn 't blend the job and home together , and come up with a smooth batch .
tr	I	I 'm tied already in knots from the last few days .
tr	I	Mama 's finest lace adorned the and edges pink rosebuds adorned the front .
tr	I	He needed to rest , and if this was where he do could that , she 'd accept it .
tr	O	The walk to the dunking booth took a while since Bianca was stopped often .
tr	I	I swallowed hard , trying to ignore the fact that my went knees weak every time this man smiled .
tr	I	She couldn 't believe was this happening .
tr	O	What if something I did now was the key to him being there to warn me on the Metro ?
tr	O	As for the prize , it could be a 5-minute call with Staffan .
tr	O	We 're in the middle of a blizzard and the cops are telling everyone to just stay where they are .
tr	I	The guilt swept through her and she felt like her heart would crack open right .
tr	O	We play the game .
tr	I	She his slapped arm .
tr	O	August 22nd , I think Logan is in love with me .
tr	O	Watch , but don 't get involved .
tr	I	I stormed out the of office .
tr	O	I hated sleeping in jeans .
tr	O	And no I don 't think it 's presumptuous and I would love to have dinner with you .
tr	O	' It would get you out of the house . '
tr	O	It seemed like a good idea at the time ... okay , so maybe not the best plan ever ... we almost drowned .
tr	O	Kevin had said to stay away from James , that he was on a self-destructive path .
tr	O	After five years , they were now nak * d , together - in bed .
tr	O	The first one burst from the woods , drawing their attention toward it as five others suddenly emerged behind it .
tr	O	He tasted his fingertip , the one that had just barely stroked me , and gave a low growl of approval .
tr	O	I have assured them , but I will be sending through your latest rough draft for them to review .
tr	I	My is heart pounding .
tr	I	I 'd never been a huge fan of art ; you 'd find my sports apartment plain white walls .
tr	O	Layne offered the most perfect grin that $ 17,000 could ever buy .
tr	O	I sat up and glanced around my bedroom .
tr	I	It didn 't prevent scarring , but it would stop infection and faster promote healing .
tr	O	And there are humans not far .
tr	I	Curiosity was strong , and they knew where to enter without being caught the by police .
tr	O	There was an underground passageway that went from the lodge all the way to the base of the watering hole .
tr	O	We 'll test her .
tr	I	Evan called to me within from the dark room .
tr	O	Finding Alcide naked in my bed had not endeared him to me .
tr	I	And now he was going get to himself out of it .
tr	O	The poor girl didn 't need that type of reputation , if she was to be launched into society this year .
tr	O	It looks like a death march .
tr	O	Even now the fool stared off into space .
tr	I	I 've tried out ethnicity every ... always beautiful , though .
tr	O	His main purpose seemed to be the misery and ruination of others .
tr	I	They are beautiful and deadly , loving us and us hating .
tr	O	Gage pointed to a footprint in the dust .
tr	O	Way too dark , I got a light and shined it around in there .
tr	I	Or did the Peacekeepers who caught get Gale a glimpse of me as I fled ?
tr	O	It 's gon na be dangerous .
tr	O	I now believe it .
tr	O	A growl erupted beside them as they moved closer to the blinding light .
tr	O	We hadn 't specified dining options , but I figured the bar would be the best place to check first .
tr	I	Your Quest 's in vain ; but by the time you the learn truth yourself , you 'll find you can 't return .
tr	O	He takes a deep breath his lips parting , but he 's cut off as I start kissing him again .
tr	O	But that would be crazy .
tr	O	He took her hand .
tr	O	He inhaled sharply , then took in the sight of her body .
tr	O	Afterwards they lay totally satisfied in each other 's arms .
tr	I	He had hoped for it since the day fifteen years ago when he had kissed queen his and everything had at last come clear .
tr	O	No , he did not have time to share a pot of tea with her , but dinner would be nice .
tr	O	And you 're still not of age .
tr	I	Maybe could she let him know of her fears for Suzy and somehow try to communicate them to Gray without breaking her friend 's confidence .
tr	O	They 'll do for now , I 'll help you get some after shift .
tr	I	When she tried to take her hand from his , he laced their fingers and her let guide him through the club , following like a puppy .
tr	O	Agatha sat straighter in her bed and cranked her neck for a better look .
tr	O	Don 't worry little one , I 'll break you in .
tr	I	That is for you discover to .
tr	I	Why her pursue after she 'd run away from him this afternoon ?
tr	O	There was a light on in her living room .
tr	I	I don 't up stand .
tr	O	From what he knew of Rebecca so far , he suspected that she would be amenable to the idea .
tr	O	But Yas did not trust Cassie 's court , did not think the males would defend her properly .
tr	I	This is what was I missing , she 'd thought as she 'd smoothed her hands over her blazer .
tr	O	Morton was even present in this scene from Shakespeare .
tr	O	I wished we could go back to the way we were at the beginning of the school year , when we avoided each other .
tr	O	She untied the reins of her mare outside the building and mounted quickly .
tr	I	She gave him stern a look .
tr	O	She passively took in a staircase and a hallway before suddenly recognizing it all and remembered what was happening .
tr	I	I 'm not ashamed to tell you that before I met you and Cy , I never had really a good friend .
tr	O	The second year I scammed a bank into giving me a student loan .
tr	I	Mikaela made her choice a time long ago .
tr	I	He was telling me I was some kind Chosen of One .
tr	O	Turtle Beck galloped up to my wagon , a second man just behind him .
tr	O	Feeling like I was everything in his world for those few short moments was like a drug .
tr	I	It was more like twenty by the time I got dressed and hurried through the cold the to offices .
tr	O	With her other hand , she laced her fingers through his and brought his hand up until it lay against her heart .
tr	O	She wrapped her arms around his neck .
tr	O	He watched Dennis closely , but only moved to gently massage the places where he had been tied .
tr	I	Josie slid onto my lap and slowing my pulled hands from my face .
tr	O	His voice was barely whisper .
tr	I	At that moment wanted I to say it desperately .
tr	I	Unless , of course , A spilled Hanna secret 's about Tabitha .
tr	O	Ali shrugged and stared out at the lawn .
tr	O	Did they calmly explain why we should not cut the pretty flowers out of the $ 1,200 print they just purchased ?
tr	O	Mostly there were officers , but there were also a few normal soldiers and some families .
tr	I	The father up glanced to see the driver 's face in the mirror .
tr	I	Rain had blackened the sky weighted and the air all around them .
tr	I	I 've noticed the over year you fidget when you 're curious , but otherwise you sit still like a good little sub .
tr	O	They 'll be able to chase down peasants to get information . '
tr	I	She the pulled gold symbol from her blouse and slapped it on Dean 's shoulder .
tr	I	But it sat there , burning a hole through to floor the .
tr	I	I 't wasn sure what Patch had planned , but clearly this was part of it .
tr	O	If it 's true about fate , I 'm already going down .
tr	O	He reaches forward to turn the ignition on .
tr	O	The piece of equipment at the back of the machine squealed and split down the side .
tr	O	Tavi shrugged his shoulders .
tr	I	Evie wondered how they could talk like when this their granddaughter hadn 't been dead for twenty-four hours .
tr	I	His face lit up when he me saw walking in .
tr	I	When they stopped rambling and laughed and moaned , heading from away the kitchen and toward the bedroom , I couldn 't take it anymore .
tr	I	I lowered his boxers over his hips , and he helped me get them off by lifting hips his slightly .
tr	O	She nodded , never removing her gaze from his icy stare as her fear turned to open confusion .
tr	O	He then gave a stern look at Dan .
tr	O	Richard started to laugh again .
tr	I	He stamped the last peg in and turned look to at Gabriel who met his eyes .
tr	I	They 'll be saddling up Winifred , we Winnie call her .
tr	O	But he should have known .
tr	O	Guess Hannibal had been telling the truth about me not being out that long .
tr	O	I was already committed to a date tomorrow night .
tr	I	She never had lied to him .
tr	I	Trish and I start walking the around room and filling out the worksheet that was provided .
tr	O	Swallow by careful swallow .
tr	O	I focus on my hands .
tr	O	I didn 't have an immediate answer for that .
tr	I	I spin around and look the at door .
tr	I	The matches pattern a Chinese attack sub .
tr	I	And you 're right to blame your dad and me for it , but that doesn 't matter anymore whose it fault is .
tr	O	Which made it pointless to even give it any credence .
tr	I	In times past , Paul might have been that offended the committee would see fit to begin without him .
tr	I	With a narrowing determined scowl , she waved a to hand her right , signaling someone .
tr	O	I hadn 't any idea whether that was something she did or not .
tr	I	They always were slipping down .
tr	O	But we all make mistakes .
tr	I	He scratched chin his speculatively .
tr	O	I cut a deal with the FBI , and I almost get gunned in my own office .
tr	I	My was shirt already sticking to my back .
tr	O	A very big deal .
tr	O	Sage then tied his horse between the two wagons .
tr	I	The month since they 'd found each again other felt like a year .
tr	O	At the edge of our light source , my eyes caught the faint glint of a metal surface , a yellow speck in the empty black void .
tr	O	Her enthusiastic , selfless personality gleamed through her eyes .
tr	O	Mark heard the door locked behind him .
tr	I	He took the as train far as Waterloo before changing to the underground .
tr	I	Jake walked slowly back to the house , closed the door , and turned to face the hired goons the in lounge .
tr	O	What you doin here , James ?
tr	O	I tried to check out the room from all angles but couldn 't because I was seeing things from Cole 's point of view .
tr	I	We wolves rely on our ; instincts humans need instruction .
tr	O	Nothing to worry about , just a police interview with a suspect .
tr	O	They didn 't have to wait long .
tr	O	It shot fiery pulses up her spine just thinking about it .
tr	O	When her chair scraped the floor , Madison knew she 'd gotten up , but she couldn 't figure out what Holly was doing .
tr	I	Warns Greg , he however is ignored .
tr	I	She sat awaiting the announcement of Lush as sort a of searing operation that she had to go through .
tr	I	At least was that the excuse he used .
tr	I	How she adored him , this beautiful , wicked man , with his carefully honor hidden .
tr	I	I suppose women these discuss sorts of things .
tr	O	A Shifter would run away howling .
tr	I	Where I would go ?
tr	I	Sheila left her job the at firm in New York .
tr	I	The idiots couldn 't open fire in a public place and not expect the to police respond .
tr	I	He ran the to wall , and pinned her hard against it .
tr	I	Dollop didn 't want to get so sacked soon .
tr	O	I let the towel fall away as I rub the moisturizer all over my body , letting it dry the water remaining on my skin .
tr	O	Jasper pulled his gun and headed toward the door .
tr	I	If he 's beating you now , you can be sure it will only worse get .
tr	I	Brand falls silent we and eat .
tr	I	The Air Force base out sent F-16s .
tr	O	She smiled , hugging him that much harder .
tr	I	Not once during their previous conversation had Callie exhibited anything grace but and understanding .
tr	O	Had they lain down or were they lying down from the start ?
tr	I	But another clench inside her , a more dreaded one , made Kira glance around the room consternation in .
tr	O	The focus of her mind 's eye had swirled like draining water in a bath .
tr	O	There was a momentary silence as the rift remained empty , although he could catch glimpses of various creatures that prowled through the hell dimension .
tr	I	Joan barely had time to get a bite before was Miranda hauling her back up to head to their next class .
tr	I	Her eyes were wide open staring and .
tr	O	The first move was to avoid the river route .
tr	I	He means offense no by that and I don 't take any .
tr	I	Allegra didn 't have to pretend to totally be disinterested because she was .
tr	I	As we sat there in fear , Tommy suddenly up stood .
tr	I	How she close 'd come to ending up like Mary .
tr	O	The man ran his company like it was a game , throwing money around like he was getting his gambling fix .
tr	I	It was news actual .
tr	I	A blond woman at sneered her .
tr	O	I looked into his eyes and I realized that they looked wet .
tr	O	James ran up to her .
tr	O	His teeth gleamed bright against his russet skin .
tr	I	The girl from North Carolina a visited friend in Tucker .
tr	I	We can only move and forward try our best to smooth the scars .
tr	I	' Tell me about it , ' Cassie to thought herself . '
tr	I	And Mr. Aronson stormed past Riley and across back the hall .
tr	O	Filled with a hatred that was palpable , his eyes gleamed at her through the holes in the mask .
tr	O	He probably never even considered that the Grim Reaper was even real .
tr	I	Her advised solution met at first with silent disbelief before a series of blinking eyes marked Gabriel 's to attempt process the peculiar instruction .
tr	O	My one indulgence is my library .
tr	I	Cody , could I understand .
tr	O	There are two aspects in which you may be able to help us .
tr	O	No , I felt nothing for her .
tr	I	Tonight , she was wearing a deep silk blue dress that outlined every delectable curve and made her eyes glow like sapphires .
tr	I	At no did point anyone look terrified or feel guilty or burst into tears , it looked like great fun .
tr	I	Dylan chewed on the inside of cheek his .
tr	O	' I still can 't see Grimshaw as anything but the victim in all this .
tr	I	But there was no denying that attractiveness the of the image made it likelier to last .
tr	I	Our was Tribe the good guys .
tr	O	This , what she felt for Chase , couldn 't be compared to that .
tr	I	She assumed he found her attractive because else why would he occasionally kiss her ?
tr	O	I was under the covers in twenty seconds .
tr	I	My had car cost me $ 8,000 and change .
tr	O	Then he turned to her .
tr	I	Panic made him sit up , a and rush of dizziness slammed into him .
tr	O	A teenage girl stood in the doorway .
tr	I	He bent over and kissed the top of my head he as continued to trace my body making my flesh rise under his touch .
tr	I	I was a bit a of trouble maker .
tr	I	She waited for screaming alarms to shatter the brittle night air , summoning sufficient authorities for a rousing of game poker .
tr	O	My gift is in healing the earth , not humans or Carpathians .
tr	I	I wanted to protect MacGregor , whom I had started like to .
tr	I	It 'd be a wonder if sanity my lasted until we got her back .
tr	O	He 'd missed Dollop 's way with language .
tr	I	In the Still of the Night boomed Thunder a third time , a ghost storm threatening noise and nothing else .
tr	I	But if he was to be of use here , he must push things a to conclusion .
tr	I	It must have been back beautiful then , so beautiful ... .
tr	I	Gray forced himself not to cover mouth his .
tr	O	It took me several seconds to process that .
tr	O	She 'd left the family gathering before a consensus had been reached .
tr	O	I thought we just drunk our asses off and fell asleep ?
tr	O	His tone ached with intensity , but he changed the subject , fixing me with a glare .
tr	O	Victor checked his watch .
tr	O	Jones and Glitch share a look and focus back on the road and terrain checking for the enemy .
tr	I	You didn cry 't out for help or say ' stop ' , or scream , or anything .
tr	O	After being on the receiving end of his mom 's interrogations , he knew there was no getting out of it without spilling everything .
tr	I	And then a creature stepped out the of crowd .
tr	I	Not is only diesel combustible , but it can be present a serious slip hazard , leading to accidents .
tr	O	Drake inclined his head , and Florin did likewise .
tr	I	I ´ ve got to get the to others , the other Arcs .
tr	O	The word is ripped out of me , and I pounce on him again , unwilling to give up .
tr	O	Upon hearing his teammate 's words Fang stood up .
tr	O	Kate 's heart started to beat faster as the time drew near to come face to face with Gage again .
tr	O	Pleasure surged and rushed , spread out to saturate every crevice in my body .
tr	I	They all stretched themselves on floor the and immediately went to sleep .
tr	O	He ate a few bites in silence .
tr	O	She stood pressing a hand to her throat .
tr	O	That 's why she 'd felt such an inexplicable sense of magical closeness with him from the very first .
tr	O	Because I 'm different .
tr	I	But the building , fleeing building and again had worn Charles out and he drifted off to a nap .
tr	O	Patrick made ten trips to the shed , feeling better with each trip .
tr	O	He looked over at me and shrugged in an inquiring way .
tr	I	He made a hissing long noise into her mouth and she felt heat pool in her belly and move further downward .
tr	I	I wish he shot 'd me .
tr	O	Eleanor was aware of something more than mere words flying between the two and felt uncomfortably in the way .
tr	I	Her stomach clenched as orgasm her overwhelmed her .
tr	I	Did Rachel him need ?
tr	O	And besides , she needed to get things off her chest .
tr	I	They been had devastated when Sara left , as they loved her like one of their own .
tr	I	Before I could begin cleaning bandaging and the cuts on her feet , my phone vibrated .
tr	I	When Evan came finally out of the bedroom , I tossed him a granola bar that he barely caught and left him trailing after me .
tr	O	The good could be spared , and the bad could die young .
tr	O	He glanced back to the staff .
tr	I	The scientist takes the hint and quickly lets it go , she as hands it to the President .
tr	O	Melissa took her hands from the wheel and stared at her .
tr	O	We say very little on the trip over .
tr	I	Ordinary beings have a tendency to miss the of subtleties the obvious .
tr	O	A small crack had formed between the seal of the glass and the fake rock wall that separated the patrons from the animals .
tr	O	Maybe she was right .
tr	I	You two have at fun the pound .
tr	O	I can barely push the words past my lips ?
tr	O	She sure hoped that wasn 't Mason 's favorite knife .
tr	O	Even Sarah 's sister wouldn 't tell her which Deputy it was , before the couple fled town that spring . '
tr	O	Grace Sherman stepped up to Charlotte and gave her a hug .
tr	I	The way strength from radiated him .
tr	O	Samson smiled at his joke , and I pretended not to suddenly hate what I did every night .
tr	O	Venkat opened a folder and glanced at the paperwork inside .
tr	O	Katie Sung flanked him on one side , a muscular man with black spiky hair on the other .
tr	O	She bought packets of seeds for several types of plants , fruits and vegetables .
tr	I	I looked down and blushed my at open shirt with some buttons still missing .
tr	I	I lied 'd to him .
tr	I	No one was doing the shuffle or the running man , so she was sure stand to out .
tr	O	Our biggest problem is finding autistic individuals the further back in time you go .
tr	I	It could be said I 'm kind letting of the home team down by not having a score on the board yet .
tr	I	Nelson wondered was what happening to all the other people in the hospital .
tr	I	That is , you made an act of imagination and a as result you had a mental picture .
tr	I	Over fallen logs and through the undergrowth he moves with grace would that fill the eyes of every dead ballet dancer with green envy .
tr	O	It contains inactive parasites , and given the right environment , those parasites could spawn .
tr	I	Well , I think that will it be better if I keep a low profile .
tr	O	The cool evening was growing dark .
tr	O	I keep walking the perimeter and find myself nearing the end of a large , empty hallway where there is a final set of metal double doors .
tr	I	I perused collection his which was eclectic to say the least .
tr	O	They ´ ve forgotten about the backbone .
tr	I	I as ask I open the door .
tr	I	Its security panel turned green , and I breathed a sigh of relief that still I had access .
tr	O	Jeremy nodded reluctantly even though his desire to help was strong .
tr	O	If I didn 't think , Sam would fall off the wagon completely I would have brought some of the best whiskey and rare Scotch on board .
tr	I	My clothes are filthy from hike the and sweat coats my skin .
tr	O	Both of his hands went to the knot at her waist .
tr	O	I see Dax 's eyebrows shoot up , and several of our other crew members whistle and murmur to each other .
tr	O	He considered whether he should awaken her to eat , but when he gently shook her shoulder , again , she didn 't even twitch .
tr	O	She 's wearing pajamas and holding a small box .
tr	I	Watching her sink back down on her chair , though , I see can it was a strain even to pose for these quick pictures .
tr	O	I could see the beam breaking through the comforter , and could hear the pages turn even as her mother called her name .
tr	I	This fax from came Land Investment Lt. reiterating their sales conditions .
tr	I	He yelled and fired several off rounds as he went down , shooting wildly .
tr	O	As Michelle approached , he stood to give her a hug .
tr	O	As magic drains from the air , some of the weaker specimens collapse and rot .
tr	O	She and her husband and son live on the farm to the south of us .
tr	I	Because was I tired but in a hurry I grabbed a cab .
tr	O	I 'll tell her I love her .
tr	O	My hands were trapped , my wrists stuck through padded restraints that felt like the cuffs used to check blood pressure .
tr	I	My foolishness blinded me to all those , or willing no , who could end my time upon the island with not much more than a thought .
tr	O	CM : Still , many say , it isn 't Black Lung .
tr	I	That be would great .
tr	I	He a has gray beard and mustache .
tr	I	He started rise to .
tr	O	I 'd forgotten how dark and commanding they can be , like precious onyx stones .
tr	I	There was too much male interest in his for gaze her to dismiss the man as innocuous .
tr	O	I won 't stop you from writing something unflattering .
tr	I	What sort madness of was this ?
tr	I	She tried to squirm free , but guard the 's grasp was firm .
tr	I	That it require would travel .
tr	I	She had no energy to answer even him .
tr	I	What seemed amazing to me is that no person in the room a made sound during this time .
tr	O	Soon , I tell him .
tr	O	She stumbled over to me , asked why I looked so astonished , and told me that her head was hurting .
tr	I	Riley was silent on the short drive back to base the .
tr	I	Adventure could do twenty knots , and he ordered 'd maximum speed .
tr	O	Nora takes a deep breath and then goes down the stairs -- each step seems surreal , as if she is floating .
tr	I	They are very rare the in Magical Realm and coveted for their healing abilities .
tr	O	His eyes opened , catching details too small for normal eyes to see , and focused on the four men rushing toward him .
tr	O	One day while Lori swung on her swing set , I ran over to visit her .
tr	I	Her 's mom mouth trembled .
tr	I	An involuntary smile came then , because she 'd never dared Christian hope would want their baby , let alone her .
tr	I	The man reached the below desk and pulled out a slab of stone which was once a piece of the gateway .
tr	O	Leon : According to these documents , the military is killing the people they were hired to protect .
tr	O	Father got a message the station but we were too late .
tr	O	Dallas parks behind the Escalade and cuts the engine .
tr	I	He tapped his and shirt felt the folder .
tr	O	He tilted his head a bit .
tr	I	During his lessons all sorts of things had happened , there were times when it seemed that would he snap .
tr	I	There three are cabins below .
tr	I	The waiter up stepped to the table again .
tr	O	She was getting ready to leave soon anyway .
tr	I	I was overcome by my own selfishness , even though rationally , knew I I hadn 't made Patch 's decision for him .
tr	I	Emily shifted weight her , vaguely remembering Spencer mentioning Kelsey .
tr	I	Alanna soon set aside the cloak and pushed her up long sleeves .
tr	I	A stack of rolled carpets appeared , filling half room the .
tr	I	We both liked and Muse Lifehouse and other artists .
tr	O	He aimed it at my face .
tr	I	My voice held warning a tone .
tr	I	The sidewalks were empty ; there was traffic little on the street .
tr	I	I had the vial an inch from my when lips I stopped .
tr	O	We 've learned enough from tragedies at other schools not to ignore it when students start exhibiting symptoms of psychological disturbance .
tr	I	I turn to see Becky making her over way to us .
tr	I	Those thoughts occupied me we as prepared supper .
tr	O	Mira huffed out a harsh breath .
tr	I	Raoul nodded , to unable rip his eyes away from her .
tr	I	Her words him shocked .
tr	I	His mother was in a quite mood .
tr	O	A light bursts in the ceiling .
tr	I	We were so different and yet somehow the same , both of us outcasts were to our country for crimes we never committed .
tr	O	I left the small room first and walked back to my table with sex on legs following behind .
tr	I	Ashe throbbed slightly as spoke he .
tr	I	TIM Well , maybe I never wanted to land sale this in the first place .
tr	I	The closer they got to Baltimore , the quieter the became drive as nervous tension filled the air .
tr	I	The housing block was by no a means completely ugly place to live , nor was it so messy .
tr	O	Someone just pulled my shirt from behind and that made me fall on my back .
tr	I	Sebastian shook off what 'd he done .
tr	O	He took her into his arms but as she looked at him , his handsome features began to change .
tr	I	He as turned if he could see the brightness of the fire .
tr	O	His tongue traced the line of my lips and he gazed into my eyes .
tr	O	She 'd subscribed for that very reason .
tr	I	Places like the weren Nimitz 't as challenging to the psyche .
tr	I	He wanted to call only two more witnesses , finish their case by noon Tuesday , then rest and wait Cable for .
tr	I	He was one of the waiting guards outside the conference room .
tr	O	Sawyer was going to lose it whenever he sobered up enough to read words again .
tr	O	He stops in front of a black Mercedes with tinted windows and shiny chrome trim .
tr	I	But I 't can leave .
tr	O	The doors to the gymnasium burst open .
tr	I	he whispers while chatters Cat on .
tr	O	The rest of us followed , me taking the rear as usual .
tr	I	They decided not only to break their fast here , but also to bathe and rest for the remainder of day the after their ordeal .
tr	I	He was there someone without having to adapt to any alien ideology , he could simply be himself .
tr	I	Calhoun 's gaze to shifted Dahlia .
tr	O	Elation sprang through the fissure still growing in his chest , followed quickly by determination .
tr	I	There was something genuine truthful and and determined in his manner .
tr	I	' But why would kill he Terminus ? '
tr	I	His sounded voice so far away .
tr	O	He crosses it and two rods catch him at his shoulders .
tr	O	It made me want to figure this out even more , for his sake .
tr	O	He twisted to look up at her , but he didn 't smile .
tr	I	Beyond the gate he Lina watched .
tr	O	Her body wiggled anxiously beneath him , but he pressed his weight down against her to hold her still .
tr	I	Would do good no .
tr	O	Galen had fallen to his knees .
tr	I	By the time he returned to his own woods , the animals were an in uproar .
tr	O	At least that 's what she said .
tr	O	Is he here to help me make sense of all this chaos ?
tr	O	I hadn 't understood a single word and it was obvious that neither had they .
tr	O	She 's smiling hugely at me until Alex steps up from behind and into view .
tr	O	You 'll notice I did this time .
tr	O	That knowledge lifted a huge burden from my shoulders .
tr	O	I take a deep breath to remember mother then drift off into carefree sleep while she sings softly into my ears .
tr	O	That we see stars not as they look now , but as they were when dinosaurs roamed the earth .
tr	O	Yet it produced only a strangely reassuring tingle .
tr	O	Iridium poured on a tremendous burst of speed and leaped the final distance into the truck bed , landing beside Star 's inert form .
tr	I	Emma looks up to the woman instantly and turns away .
tr	O	Half innocent and wholly smug about it , making you want to shake her and beg her for every wicked detail .
tr	O	Joe waved his words away .
tr	I	The British had one for law themselves and one for the Irish Catholic .
tr	I	She wouldn 't to want talk about it in front of anyone else .
tr	O	After a few more , he groggily assessed the situation .
tr	I	Demonic possession was a subject with which he was and familiar had studied , but he was far from an expert on the matter .
tr	O	In the distance I can hear bangs and shouts and yelling .
tr	I	I have assigned The Lotus for Palace your future residence .
tr	I	He is still dressed in military his uniform .
tr	O	Everything had returned to normal , but Thomas had no more idea of what was going on than he had when the whole thing started .
tr	I	He didn 't cry when took Sage him in his arms .
tr	O	He 'd casually bring the conservation to an end so that Steven Macy didn 't feel as if he was being tossed out of the office .
tr	O	Yes , and several million people had paid the price .
tr	I	I paced nervously as I waited for the guys to come out the of locker room .
tr	I	Anne smiled at the comment Carla made back to her husband about waiting until later before Carla got back the on line .
tr	O	There is no reason for him to mistrust you .
tr	O	In the meantime , she would be greedy and take whatever he was willing to give .
tr	I	But today I needed drink a , if only to calm down my nerves and get rid of my excruciating headache .
tr	O	That initial set of moments was the riskiest .
tr	O	Touching me wasn 't needed .
tr	I	When open I my eyes , the first thing I see is a pair of black boots .
tr	O	It 's the Freak King .
tr	O	He promises to circumvent her sister 's schemes ... for a price .
tr	O	And why no quarterly auditor ?
tr	I	You married that rich as suit a substitute .
tr	O	-- Eliza began to speak too .
tr	I	She could the see rain falling in slanted columns in the pastures .
tr	I	His deep burned gaze into hers .
tr	O	She looked like it had been her down there .
tr	I	She reached and out slapped his cock .
tr	O	She longed for the safety of her workshop , but it was no more .
tr	O	So he continued to hold the cell phone against his ear .
tr	O	She shook her head at the dark-haired beauty , trying to demonstrate the proper hip and stomach movements .
tr	I	And , while portal constructs could be fixed the upon boundaries for speedy travel beyond human sight , it was home no longer to any Descendants .
tr	I	He didn cry 't out .
tr	I	For the rabble a few words sufficient was .
tr	O	It was Sunday morning , and Beth had just stumbled down to the kitchen table .
tr	I	She didn 't believe a for second that Rachel had killed herself .
tr	O	She slowly backed up and headed toward the other bathroom .
tr	O	Tom 's sick of doing the repairs . '
tr	I	He paced small the cell , fiercely shaking his head .
tr	O	She gives a rocking hug for so long that I 'm half convinced we 're slow dancing to the instrumental music playing in the background .
tr	I	Emma and I slipped in among them and huddled in a corner , eyes to glued the unfolding spectacle .
tr	I	Darren leaned against the car and snaked his around arm Danni 's waist .
tr	O	Diligence in these matters will give Swan the advantage needed in the pursuit of a single animal .
tr	I	At least that 's the way recent the pictures depicted him .
tr	I	One of them yelled as more people began to pour of out the surrounding classrooms .
tr	O	I said a prayer , and I turned down my bed as a sign of faith that I would return home to sleep in it .
tr	O	It 's soft head burrowed into my chest .
tr	I	He would not to have ask Sam Cohen 's sister why he had not gone to live in California .
tr	O	She wasn 't willing to let our relationship go .
tr	I	Joseph promised we come 'd back as soon as we could .
tr	I	Meadow instantly put distance between herself Allie and , going back to the game she had been playing .
tr	I	Missy reached for a from potato the sack and immediately started peeling .
tr	O	He quickly corrected the wheel , then faced forward as he continued driving .
tr	O	My cheeks heat up and I turn back to stare at the blank wall while he continues doodling on my cast .
tr	I	They move her to and pin her to the floor .
tr	O	Yvonne peeled back the last of the bandages and stood back so her husband and James could see .
tr	I	I 'm so tired that I feel like I could sleep for the week next .
tr	O	All I cared about was the hideous scar that took my beautiful husband and replaced him with someone people didn 't want to look at .
tr	I	From the on look his face , Oliver hadn 't exactly expected it , either .
tr	O	His voice was so compelling , so beautiful , it was nearly impossible to deny him anything .
tr	I	Will and straightened faced Turtle .
tr	O	That 's like one of those tables in a munitions factory , the ones that women worked at during the war .
tr	I	Business was nonexistent almost .
tr	O	Should you need to enter or leave the hold , my guards will scan your thumbs at its gateway .
tr	O	He stumbled and landed hard on the wooden bench .
tr	I	But this of I am certain : Savannah will never know I 've been here today .
tr	O	We lived off their cruelty though we can no longer walk their world and inhale in it .
tr	O	Over 30 men and women glance at me when we arrive .
tr	I	' Give two me minutes then call me back . '
tr	O	Lucy Ann had predicted he would one day be a college professor and novelist .
tr	I	But that night , it seemed like good a idea .
tr	O	People were used to seeing me in my present state , so I didn 't want to scare them by dressing up .
tr	I	What was he going do to - fire her ?
tr	O	The taste of her was so pure , so rich .
tr	I	I went to Club Zero that night and sat at alone Hawk 's VIP table , on a raised dais where I could watch over the crowd .
tr	O	She shook her head again .
tr	I	He reaches me , assessing me , the and desire in his eyes makes me shiver .
tr	I	All it 'd take was the knowledge to a pick lock .
tr	O	Oh , it was new to me , but Jo-Jo had found it in one of the antique shops a few blocks over .
tr	O	Each memory is as sharp on my mind as if it had happened five minutes ago , and I am grateful .
tr	O	Thomas returned to his previous position , then looked upward as his name was spoken .
tr	O	But he wasn 't nineteen when he killed those people who came asking about the missing kids .
tr	O	Staring at her suddenly blank face , Gaius felt alarm flicker down his spine .
tr	I	You and I magical have powers .
tr	O	He has a dark power about him .
tr	I	It did no good for her yell to , also .
tr	O	Sure , she 'd made it this far on her roadtrip independently .
tr	I	At least it was only three out of , what , a dozen different incidents she herself told .
tr	I	I swear to god I 'll do whatever I have do to to make things right for us .
tr	O	She shivered , borne of desire rather than fear .
tr	O	I sat up for hours , contemplating calling him back .
tr	I	A third young Guard jumped through closed and the door as the final soldier collapsed to the ground .
tr	O	So we can see him before he sees us .
tr	I	He smelled alcohol of and mints .
tr	O	He ate the stone , and the child Zeus was saved .
tr	O	By the time the noon crowd thinned out , I was feeling a little more normal .
tr	I	Charred insides weakened and vulnerable from a sucker punch they 't couldn possibly have seen coming .
tr	O	Stirring to consciousness , he strained and flexed his crimped neck , doing his best to work out kinks left from dozing off in an awkward position .
tr	O	Hailey came out from the shadows , her sweet face streaked with tears .
tr	I	So here am I all alone now .
tr	O	He became aware that they were pressed tightly against one another .
tr	O	He shared every bit of his treatment with me .
tr	I	Julian protected him , ensured the poison wouldn 't spread , kept the nightmare away , but you can it remove .
tr	I	The upper tray , designed to hold the doll , empty was .
tr	I	Meg leaning was against the doorframe , watching .
tr	I	That was something else that I ignored , although was it harder than it was with Finn .
tr	I	His eyes searched hers , a desperate hope though shining .
tr	I	She tried a smile casual .
tr	I	He not 's the type to play where he works .
tr	O	Her reaction was not what I expected .
tr	O	Lake looks at Gavin .
tr	I	She 'd been so afraid she wouldn 't be able to Drake get to take her blood .
tr	O	Knox poked his head in through the passenger door of the chopper .
tr	O	Eddie was shown into the cubicle where Lefty and Ned had been interrogated .
tr	O	Danni couldn 't believe what she was hearing .
tr	O	You and Scott go way back .
tr	I	Leah 's phone again buzzed and she started typing another message .
tr	I	The smell of warm onions and clammy meat filled patties the classroom .
tr	O	He must be just out of high school .
tr	O	One bright nimbus of sunlight was aimed directly onto the back of his bare hand .
tr	O	You laid down the terms , I 've made the decision to comply with them and we 'll get married on Saturday morning .
tr	O	Jake started on the first step outside the doorway .
tr	O	I understand that feeling all too well .
tr	I	If you feel it 's an issue , we 'll look at the data so far and determine the next course action of .
tr	O	By now , their parade had begun to draw more and more eyes .
tr	O	Jessica 's mind started to race .
tr	I	He had never been good enough lying at .
tr	I	He quickly took 's Fredrick advice , taking a small piece and squeezing it onto his arm .
tr	O	He pressed his lips to hers .
tr	I	Old regret throbbed deep somewhere within my chest .
tr	O	Because he was coming to know and understand her .
tr	O	We met last night when I went out to hang out with the horses .
tr	I	He 's shaking hard so it breaks my heart .
tr	O	How could such a great family spawn a complete schmuck ?
tr	I	The sudden quiet of the room suffocating was .
tr	O	I throw off the bar and pick the lock with shaking hands , cursing when my fumbling makes me clumsy .
tr	I	I on fell the blade .
tr	O	I put my foot onto the smooth surface , fully prepared to climb up without assistance .
tr	O	Because I want it so much , I only shrug .
tr	I	Worn green and gold rugs lay at door the and in front of the fire .
tr	O	She continued anyway while they drug her away down the hall .
tr	I	Furthermore , when he couldn 't read her thoughts , maybe it was a just trick to scare her .
tr	I	Anyway , it was Peter whom Margie wanted really for company , not her .
tr	O	She helped Finn into the hard seat at the desk .
tr	O	asked Sinner Jack , suddenly concerned .
tr	I	I 'm panicked shaky and .
tr	I	What Jess was after ?
tr	O	She was lying on top of silky sheets in a very , very small room in the Hudson Hotel .
tr	I	He turned around and practically ran out of the Pork Pit fast as as his cowboy boots would carry him .
tr	I	Mike adjusted in himself the chair .
tr	O	But was that enough .
tr	O	He continued to slide around her , stopping only to slither his tongue along the curve of her neck up to her ear .
tr	O	It tickled to the point that I had to bite my lip to keep from giggling .
tr	O	He hated himself for never having broken down like this while still alive .
tr	I	Doesn 't he realize that I don have 't a home anymore ?
tr	O	It went against her grain to do so , but she might be feeling generous if he really had brought her to Lilith .
tr	I	And he absolutely did not want to listen to any barking more .
tr	O	She turned the knob and looked to the door directly across from hers .
tr	O	Only after the bird calls of those of the Forest indicated that the area was safe did Heather and Jason resume their conversation .
tr	I	I also appreciated the fact that she wasn 't asking to me come into the office to work on it .
tr	O	So that meant that my parents had dyed my hair while I was still in a coma ?
tr	I	Every harder yard to cross .
tr	I	I began to kiss my way down the smooth muscles of his chest , while he stayed above me and finally to went all fours .
tr	I	Her steps slowed as she the reached doors .
tr	O	As soon as the elevator doors opened onto the subterranean levels of Sigma command , Gray strode out into the hallway .
tr	I	' Yeah , should we all stick together , ' Spike said .
tr	O	The hopeless enormity of the situation overwhelmed her .
tr	I	The oh god attentively listened .
tr	I	Funny , thought I I was already in survival mode , but I wasn 't .
tr	I	They looked like they me pitied .
tr	I	Will set his computer the under receptionist 's desk and followed .
tr	O	There 's something in that tone , a mixture of forced bravery , but also a level of natural authority that makes me slam my mouth shut .
tr	I	Santini out blurted his bafflement .
tr	I	She shivered as though a tingle had traveled through her -- body through places he wished he could touch .
tr	O	Okay , so that was ridiculous .
tr	I	For one , the screeches were painfully ear piercing , but also they meant land was not far off .
tr	O	When I woke up , the room was still full of children sleeping , and my older cousins were there , sick , too .
tr	I	The roar spread his throughout body until he shook with it .
tr	O	You must not give up .
tr	O	She wondered if Zack liked being a vampire .
tr	I	It didn matter 't whether she 'd had one other lover or a dozen .
tr	I	Mech City squatted in all its shabby glory , just a few kilometers away from their position hilltop .
tr	I	He bounced into the air , kicking up his legs to the avoid next beam that flashed under his legs .
tr	I	I 'll see if we have any stomach contents and trace any evidence other than the boots .
tr	I	I had a visit from the private detective your dad hired to look you for .
tr	I	Once again , it 't didn last .
tr	I	This was going end to badly .
tr	O	Come for a walk with me .
tr	O	Gray 's body twisted out sideways , his left leg trailing down and taking the weight of his fall .
tr	O	Couples made out in the corners , and knots of people laughed together and sipped beer .
tr	I	As I pulling was my pants on , I heard her in my head .
tr	I	It wasn 't very comfortable , it but was better than Aunt Maud seeing it .
tr	I	Not four them of .
tr	I	She was sorry she didn 't have more time to spend with her aunt , but they 'd to promised stay in touch .
tr	I	There were boxes piled up the along walls for storage .
tr	O	I worried about it for a moment as I held the bottle by the neck , but I wanted to trust her , and so I did .
tr	I	As he saw them , started they shouting and gesturing with their bloodied blades .
tr	O	They looked like little bugs scurrying to and from candy buildings , carrying their prizes with them .
tr	I	One day , she wandered to out the stables to visit with the horses .
tr	I	She couldn 't the stand suspense any longer .
tr	I	I squeezed fingers her .
tr	O	His eyes fluttered open but remained heavy lidded .
tr	O	With a smug grin , he indicated the direction I had been facing when we spoke and dropping my arm abruptly , he strode in that direction .
tr	I	So , at first he had accepted Elders the ' endorsement to continue his serum research .
tr	I	He gestures to the by chair his bed .
tr	O	If anything slowed him down , he could die out in the open .
tr	I	Jack 's back was to me , so I watched , grateful the for chance to stare at him .
tr	O	Nolan burst into the room , with Ethan hanging back in the doorway .
tr	O	It 's inappropriate for such things between you and me .
tr	O	Except Nia hit a lot harder .
tr	I	I looked over my shoulder the at bonfire .
tr	I	Cooked medium rare , with just a slight seasoning of peppercorn for bit a of heat .
tr	I	The two of us locked eyes for a moment and it like was magic .
tr	O	She noticed he didn 't promise to return his calls .
tr	I	She drew some blood and the stuck vial into the computer .
tr	O	But if I actually saw him gawking at this girl like I imagined he was right now , I wasn 't sure my heart could take it .
tr	I	He handed me two sacks of food slid and the window shut .
tr	I	People think I 'm killer a ; they leave me the fuck alone .
tr	O	She 'd just made love .
tr	I	There 's a nervous laugh under stressed his tone .
tr	I	The sliding glass doors , leading to her balcony , locked were and thick steel bars had been welded over them .
tr	O	It takes him a second to answer .
tr	O	Food , drink and laughter were all served with equal generosity .
tr	I	If a woman his rejected advances then he retreated honorably .
tr	I	She wasn 't treated properly after she was bitten , and the infection , combined the with scar tissue from her last pregnancy caused damage .
tr	O	He liked the sound of this Michael Simms .
tr	O	Frank refused to say who had attacked him , putting his injury down to a fall on one of the landings .
tr	I	Thankfully , the necklace oval was still there .
tr	I	The impact must have devastating been .
tr	O	TJ stared at him in shock .
tr	O	How could she ever think of finding a man to love , knowing there was someone out there who 'd possess her ?
tr	O	They were anywhere from fifty to a hundred and fifty years old .
tr	O	Iona let him lead the way , but as she followed , her foot caught on gravel , the stones grating .
tr	O	Bonnie leaned against the wall with a groan of relief .
tr	I	Shadow faced the men two with a cold stare , his presence distanced from them even though he stepped closer .
tr	O	A battered photo album lay open on the floor .
tr	I	She grabbed the keys to her red dark Nissan Micra and drove towards the high street .
tr	I	They might have received answer an .
tr	I	He nodded once , then moved on talk to to Jerry , the night watchman in Ted 's building .
tr	O	There wasn 't room for anger , annoyance , feelings of any kind , really .
tr	I	But of what this line ?
tr	O	I begin my story , hands on hips , and staring blankly across the open jungle floor and into the hazy mountain face beyond .
tr	O	at least it will put that flat to use at last .
tr	O	' No , sorry , as far as I 'm aware I 've never seen either of them . '
tr	I	She waves a hand in airy an , elegant gesture that would look ridiculous from anyone else .
tr	I	When a serious problem arose , however , he could set all aside that and devote almost unlimited concentration and energy to solving it .
tr	I	Ren ducked blow another .
tr	O	On one of them an African mask hung in primitive glory .
tr	O	One night I stayed out too long .
tr	O	Amanda 's dad had been bitten years ago and had changed all of them .
tr	O	They would find an inn or a sympathetic Communist Party member 's house to spend their nights and provide their breakfast and supper .
tr	O	He looked from one to the other and back again .
tr	O	These outrageous clothes you tend to wear are fine for a purchasing director , but you 're leading the transition team now .
tr	I	Delaney was hit the in back of the head .
tr	O	The eyes I never wanted to stop falling into for the rest of eternity .
tr	O	Whoever had left the note for me didn 't want any clues leading back to them .
tr	O	My heart flutters fiercely at the way he says the affectionate version of my name .
tr	I	Josh came over and put in her a head lock while taking his knuckles and raking the top of her head with them .
tr	I	I was hoping she wouldn 't have noticed the pool of blood growing my at feet .
tr	I	With fangs their bared , they lunged toward the agents .
tr	O	She nodded , her eyes bright and eager .
tr	I	He was a man who just might hold her interest term long .
tr	O	And then there was screaming there in the field .
tr	I	But ... Her head felt stuffy , like it was full cobwebs of .
tr	I	If that and the blood hadn 't convinced her he was immortal an , the fangs sliding out of his mouth made it obvious .
tr	O	She had to pull away .
tr	I	She considered whether the had time come to admit the lie or whether she should continue in it .
tr	I	Dex wasn 't my boyfriend , but it was a little shocking realize to maybe I wouldn 't mind if he was .
tr	I	Thus that ended Friday afternoon .
tr	O	' Don 't tell Lola , ' I said .
tr	I	Christmas for them was merely an excuse consumerism for and gluttony and drunkenness .
tr	O	When we got out of the car , Ethan waited for me before reentering through the Cadogan gate , but still didn 't offer a single word .
tr	O	Liam 's facing away as he stands at the railing , looking toward the parking lot .
tr	I	The Captain quarters 's were small , with a single bed raised up and storage below .
tr	O	Our names are on page three !
tr	O	I just meant I 'll return your memories to you , then you 'll know the truth for yourself .
tr	O	Once again , she showed no interest in the man in black , and pushed on past him .
tr	I	Gerald had decided already .
tr	I	Teel would have found a way for me to take Landmark the job .
tr	I	Ms. Lila Chavez was the head of the English as a Second Language program for literacy adult at our school .
tr	I	My heart began to in thump my chest .
tr	O	But this time the connection wasn 't made .
tr	I	He at blinked her .
tr	O	One was going through Keith 's kitchen cupboards .
tr	O	Riley nodded and stood .
tr	I	So what if turn you me on ... on occasion ?
tr	I	She would escape wretched poverty and spend the rest of her life in the most mansion opulent in Paris !
tr	O	Two of my scars were visible , thin and white , because of the square neckline of the suit .
tr	O	The windows blazed like freshly stoked hearths .
tr	O	He 's just ... I don 't know , a bit of a loner type .
tr	O	The second part of the operation , the destruction of this man 's character , is more important and more difficult .
tr	O	You were so tiny and fragile .
tr	I	And it was happening now ... His tightened eyes in pain as his hand reached out for me .
tr	O	I have not had time to tell him yet of mine , he 'll be shocked especially after I pleaded with him to help me return home .
tr	I	My dignified weeping gives way to full-on ugliness , my mouth open and my face and contorted sounds like a dying animal coming from my throat .
tr	O	To see all of her , bared for him and him alone .
tr	I	He before spoke I had time to give him a better look .
tr	I	Vane took his as seat Henri walked off .
tr	I	She wanted no one to know of her to inability hear .
tr	I	He jerked the at front door , but it stuck .
tr	O	How could Sini access the portals ?
tr	O	- and he said something about losing his skin or shedding his skin or something like that .
tr	I	Though there 'd be sand in your drink , you 'd ignore it for the chance to your imbibe worries away .
tr	O	Damn it , Anya , you are good .
tr	I	Bright red lights began to emit the from cave exit and hole in the cavern ceiling .
tr	O	I moved between shadows as if I 'd suddenly become part of them .
tr	I	He 'd told that he would rise sunset at .
tr	I	The pendant pats gently against my chest as he secures the latch , still warm Chloe from 's body .
tr	I	Edward was pleased he could her remember name .
tr	I	She stared amazed at her as hand she realised that she had just thrown one of her little knives .
tr	O	He searched her face .
tr	O	But so were his friends .
tr	I	He no had idea what might have happened to her , had no memory of her whatsoever .
tr	O	She kissed the petals of the remaining roses and distributed them between the two other graves nearby .
tr	I	There was nothing she could do to it calm .
tr	I	His jaw was bent where from it had been broken and healed back together again .
tr	I	At moment that , there was complete silence in the room .
tr	I	At this point I just wanted to the keep peace .
tr	O	the cousins showed them in keen anticipation .
tr	O	Still , he waited for his breathing to slow and his blood to cool before turning his attention to it .
tr	O	Ryan pulled back away from me , staring down with heat in his blue eyes .
tr	I	So can she reject me again ?
tr	I	Eliot mouth 's tasted dry , bitter .
tr	I	If you have any ideas , I am all ears , but for right now I am with going the flow .
tr	I	Sam brushed mouth his over hers and straightened , smiling .
tr	O	A consideration they could not contemplate .
tr	O	Maybe the crab was asleep .
tr	I	Kip hadn looked 't at Hannah yet .
tr	I	I would have if stopped Brittany hadn 't been doing the same .
tr	I	I grabbed a few pairs of pants from the closet , at pausing its entrance on the way out .
tr	O	I help Junie step up onto the boulder where we are going to make camp .
tr	O	James wore his standard-issue black T-shirt and camouflage cargos , the same uniform I 'd seen him in my entire life .
tr	I	CHAPTER TWO THE rest afternoon of tea took on a nightmarish quality for Tina .
tr	O	There is a French dictionary sitting on the pile as well .
tr	I	He tugged at the ends of his jacket sleeves , trying to straighten out material the : he detested looking scruffy .
tr	I	Cara perched her hands her on hips .
tr	O	For example , in that corner - Nicole 's breath caught , and time stood still .
tr	O	I wonder what happened to Tim Sinclair , last I saw of him was in the papers and he was in trouble with the law like me .
tr	I	It was filled with a mass clone of flesh : furred bodies , strange limbs , oddly shaped heads .
tr	O	It makes it hard for you to guard your thoughts and even seems to amplify them .
tr	O	He was pleasantly surprised .
tr	O	I wasn 't about to give her the chance to say no , however .
tr	O	I thought he would run after me and ask me to go to lunch with him instead , but he didn 't .
tr	O	What was it with these people ?
tr	I	She felt a jolt of electricity sizzle up her spine , and she realized she was running her through hands her matted hair to smooth it out .
tr	I	Upon entry we took your measurements and weight to be to able assign a proper job to each of you .
tr	O	I nudged the list in her direction .
tr	I	Music began to : play it was not the right music .
tr	O	The purpose is to inflict a forceful strike on the forehead using a bolt to induce unconsciousness .
tr	I	Maybe you 're in mood the for something .
tr	I	Some of those people are fanatics for their cause , and we don 't exactly know how many of them are on Earth .
tr	I	Haddington 's angry face looming came out of the smoke .
tr	O	I expect them to address the rest of us , but instead they stand in a circle with Johanna and the other spokespeople and talk quietly .
tr	I	Wished it that weren 't just me and her .
tr	I	Hiro lifted his head looked and towards the window grimly .
tr	O	Donovan wrapped his other arm around Eve and pulled her close , brushing a kiss over her brow .
tr	I	One such , Elizabeth Bathory , had murdered hundreds of young girls and bathed in their blood , it believing would keep her young and beautiful .
tr	O	Or so I thought .
tr	O	I had hours invested in Michael .
tr	I	She took sip a .
tr	I	Nick immediately pulled up his legs so they that wouldn 't get caught as it closed .
tr	I	It almost sounded like she was jogging a across lawn or something .
tr	I	It do 'll us good to forget about everything for a while .
tr	O	Tears filled my eyes .
tr	O	That 's what happens when you have a massive home covered in polished marble flooring .
tr	O	After two deep , shaky breaths , I start to turn back , only to find them closed and my means of escape gone .
tr	I	I have all the time the in world , but you do not .
tr	I	I slid the end of the pin through one side of the blister first , and out the other , instantly releasing a stream of pus .
tr	O	Megan thought he was about to explode .
tr	O	Rema flushed and kept her face down , unable to meet anyone 's eyes .
tr	I	I stared the at photo , recognizing a younger , prettier version of Lydia and an image of my mom similar to the photograph in my room .
tr	I	She has a better wheelchair now , one without handles the on back , so she can maneuver it more easily .
tr	I	There was a desperation in voice the , but also just a hint of insincerity .
tr	I	Pete opens my door and leans his on elbows in the doorway .
tr	O	I tried to take advantage of his distraction and swung my elbow once more towards his face and this time it made contact with his chin .
tr	O	I was in a fight once that lasted a whole day .
tr	O	It was definitely the most public of my many crimes , but so far no one had squealed to the cops about it .
tr	O	I don 't want to feel like this anymore .
tr	O	I tried to look around him at the last vestiges of sunshine and happiness and couldn 't .
tr	I	She had grown to love those voices , had grown love to the sounds of the wood pigeons and the thunder in the late afternoon .
tr	I	She kissed stomach his and ran her tongue along his rib cage .
tr	O	So she could have more .
tr	I	She answered quickly back .
tr	I	They seemed to be getting along better , but she noticed on Brent more than one occasion looking at Jake .
tr	I	She held a plate covered and a bag in her hands .
tr	I	A cool hand at my back me wakes .
tr	I	They 've had holed me up here .
tr	I	That name came later , towards the end of eighteenth the century .
tr	I	He wanted to check no that intruders were present .
tr	I	In the end , she really had no but choice to look at the material before her .
tr	I	Jed knew everything was tucked behind the seat so he was hoping officer the didn 't start moving things around .
tr	I	The would concealment help hide him from recognition in both respects .
tr	O	He told the editor that he wanted a job in media .
tr	I	He back leaned in the chair .
tr	O	The majority of his toys had been all but worn out when he was younger , and most of the games in his possession had been completed .
tr	I	Tide called , hanging at the hostess counter , holding abalone my treasure .
tr	I	But Rose had loved sitting on rocks the all day listening to the waves crash upon the rocks .
tr	O	Let 's go see who we got .
tr	O	But it only seemed to make it worse .
tr	O	I never forgot for a moment all that we had suffered and sacrificed to achieve what we had .
tr	I	We 're all on moving .
tr	I	If you 've finished with what you here came to do , I think we 'd better get back .
tr	O	As she passed the living room , she saw Liam sitting at the piano .
tr	I	We want to stamp it out , so we 'll need an iron-clad case to before take the Prince Regent . '
tr	O	Rome ignored their reactions .
tr	O	Marya was surprised to hear him apologize .
tr	O	Tall pillars with carvings of spiraling designs added a sense of height .
tr	I	Chapter 14 Katherine The last couple of before weeks Christmas break went by entirely too slow .
tr	O	I tilted my head at Morrow .
tr	I	I let my voice lower drop .
tr	I	Without an abort code from him personally every twenty-four hours , his lab 's remaining samples LUCA of would be automatically incinerated .
tr	O	But then I remembered who it was I was kissing .
tr	I	It sat on a monstrous axle and thirty-six had passenger cars attached to the rim of the wheel .
tr	O	She 's so tight that I can barely breathe .
tr	I	Bob and closed bolted the door behind them .
tr	I	It was her turn to drive and she was all sorts of confident this at point .
tr	O	But instead I had to put up with a boy who assumed I needed protecting .
tr	I	It 's the explanation only .
tr	I	His stomach tumbled with nerves and he wiped a over hand his face .
tr	O	He got what he came for .
tr	I	Besides , her could parents not have been home long before she 'd returned .
tr	O	Perhaps not surprisingly , that changed shortly after they were married .
tr	O	It almost seemed as if I could dive right into those walls .
tr	I	Epilogue Like most nations passionate , Texas has its own history based on , but not limited by , facts .
tr	O	Whatever they did , they did it for Flattery 's paycheck .
tr	I	I 'm glad to hear 're you keeping busy .
tr	I	She seemed have to an inner strength .
tr	O	When you get to that place where desperation meets despair , the best thing to do is zig when the baddies expect you to zag .
tr	I	Her eyes at slant Isaac as she sizes him up .
tr	O	Cordelia was the prize catch .
tr	I	We danced every dance slow .
tr	O	' Ah ... it was more a figure of speech , Henry . '
tr	O	I saw what was going to happen seconds before it did , and I just wasn 't fast enough .
tr	O	He wasn 't even obligated ... much .
tr	O	Demons never really made it close enough to the compound to end up here , but the bars would be impossible to break through .
tr	O	' You don 't understand .
tr	I	And you 've listening been to him ever more intently .
tr	O	I came out from behind the counter .
tr	O	They got the bicycles out of the garage for the first time that year .
tr	I	Trying to hide her lack of enthusiasm for the idea , Jenny said , ' cream The satin ?
tr	I	I don 't think I had ever him seen look so frightening in all of my years of knowing him .
tr	O	Then wind caressed her cheek .
tr	O	Not until much later did she learn they were from James .
tr	I	The two Brees were rich and reckless very and likely suffering from mental illness .
tr	I	I rinsed arms my and legs , pulling goose bumps from my flesh .
tr	O	Eric nodded in approval .
tr	I	He is forced use to all his energies for Raven 's survival .
tr	O	She 'd left him standing on the porch and raced off before he could so much as say hello .
tr	I	Don 't be nice to right me now , Nicolas .
tr	O	My voice shook as I looked up at him .
tr	I	She smelled like coffee ... .
tr	O	We can 't lift off until land is spotted , and we know what land we are looking at .
tr	I	After we shot through the airport security , we were ushered a through series of corridors while I wondered what the hell was going on .
tr	I	Not for else anything .
tr	O	Dahlia nearly came off the bed .
tr	I	Even Vince had plenty of pros to make up for the frequent cons of his hair-trigger and temper tendency toward excessive force .
tr	I	It would be fun , the of three us . '
tr	I	I climb inside watch and as the house moves further out of view , grateful that this horrible night is over .
tr	O	An ambulance clearly marked St. Mary 's .
tr	I	Cael was waiting for him on main the floor .
tr	O	Lucian had given up his soul , choosing the way of the damned , turning into the very monster he had pursued for centuries .
tr	O	His arms came around her , and he held her tight , nearly squeezing the breath out of her .
tr	I	Cora gave Chase a quick goodbye hug , leaving the three of guys us standing there .
tr	O	Immediately Gee took the soul 's hand and left without another word .
tr	I	He her pulled in his arms .
tr	O	We never ate at Newberry 's lunch counter again .
tr	O	Tears rolled down her cheeks .
tr	O	It took a few more moments before the chaos surrounding me was registered .
tr	O	A lot of stuff comes in threes , bad stuff especially .
tr	O	It didn 't take a genius to realize that Viper had taken a giant leap over the edge of his patience .
tr	O	But Jared had been estranged from his family for longer .
tr	I	The archeology students who had spent long there days were long gone .
tr	I	I shed the coat stood and , as he struggled out of the apron .
tr	I	I thanked my stars lucky that I was wearing my brown uniform and had my hat slid low over my face .
tr	O	He has women falling over him .
tr	I	Zane gave me another look and I turned to Diana , hoping the that next words out of her mouth weren 't going to be too crazy .
tr	O	I can 't control my thoughts or my emotions .
tr	I	Good question , even I had idea no how I was doing it .
tr	I	Best thing for her is to rest as as much possible .
tr	I	She 'll pull of out this .
tr	O	Hopper sneered into the damp ground and laughed .
tr	I	We both knew I was aware that he mentally was undressing me with his gaze .
tr	O	Jenny could feel something in her relax slightly , a mystery solved .
tr	O	Unlike now when I 'm losing my nerve just trying to talk to my own girlfriend .
tr	I	Wulf let out a tired breath as he spun the wheel his for turn .
tr	O	But there was nothing he could do until he heard from Jack .
tr	O	It was a short walk south from the Rotterdam central station .
tr	O	Human torso and limbs , but also a fawn 's tail and dainty horse 's hooves .
tr	I	He nodded imperceptibly and turned to head to back the of the car , pulling our luggage out .
tr	I	I thought about the shapeless behind form the wheel of my car , bearing down on Thayer .
tr	I	Ray fought for control , but I could see he wasn 't going to up give easily .
tr	I	One way or another , he was getting inside house that .
tr	I	She felt light headed so and she gripped onto the bathroom counter to hold on to as she caught up with her mind .
tr	I	Then he laid the oars aside and pulled on a rope long that raised the sail .
tr	I	The between contrast Jake 's personality and Marlow 's was undeniable .
tr	I	The held pair each other tight .
tr	I	One A10 can strike two hundred targets per second with a of range three thousand metres .
tr	O	I wanted to leap forward and attack her .
tr	O	Low lighting on the helicopter illuminates the expanse between the aircraft and the disembarking .
tr	I	After chipping out 150 divots ( hey , 'm I an optimist ) , I got to work .
tr	I	Her might knowledge be dangerous .
tr	I	The rumbled sky and darkened .
tr	I	I dreamt of you times many .
tr	O	Bronwyn waved to us from below and then pulled closed the circular door at the bottom of the well .
tr	I	Food will be supplied for your day meal , but you will prepare the evening yourselves meal .
tr	O	Rather reluctantly , I touched my lips to it .
tr	I	In short order , they had him strapped the into interrogation rack and stepped away to let Masque work .
tr	I	It was the tub slime of .
tr	O	She was near the edge as well and she watched him go down and hit the board and then slide into the water .
tr	I	she asked , wickedly feeling provocative .
tr	I	She wanted believe to what her father said -- that Riley had goodness buried somewhere down deep below the selfishness .
tr	O	As if reliving his last horrific moment .
tr	I	She headed downstairs and the into kitchen where she made some hot cocoa .
tr	I	He on lay the floor of the pen .
tr	O	Like a scientist who finds himself unexpectedly fascinated by a new form of flower .
tr	O	Parker has had premonitions about Faye and Savannah , and it was not pretty .
tr	O	Anyway , for once it was now doing something useful as it showed me exactly where in the country I was .
tr	I	Why was Toby holding back information me from ?
tr	O	Kids swarmed past , but no one seemed to notice they were there .
tr	I	The British nanny he 'd hired had settled into the third , turning in after Lucy made Ann it clear Eli would stay with his mother tonight .
tr	O	Nothing good could come from seeing what I 'd become .
tr	O	It occurred to me then that I hadn 't really been involved in a true fight for a while .
tr	O	He had just gotten off the phone with a well-placed contact in the director 's office .
tr	I	I will not waste your time and come straight to point the .
tr	O	She tucks her hair behind her ear again .
tr	I	She threw him a scowl but then it spoiled when she started laughing .
tr	I	When her door swung open he had tried to ignore how vulnerable Ava looked , engulfed in oversized an robe with fuzzy slippers peeking out from underneath .
tr	I	I tap the of face my watch and look at her , arching my brow .
tr	I	The words came out wobbly , and Caroline and turned headed down the hallway toward her room .
tr	O	They would learn more about foraging for edible plants .
tr	O	a lady agent named Sandy asked .
tr	O	Then it all registered .
tr	I	Judging by the tags , all attached still , these were the clothes his mother had bought .
tr	O	A scattering of voices uttered shocked protests .
tr	O	She shook her head : Yuki didn 't even thank her .
tr	O	I didn 't have time to think about how to land .
tr	I	Abbey pulled gently her hand away with a little pink color still in her cheeks .
tr	O	She felt him sit back down on the bed and instinctively opened her eyes .
tr	O	Two men came to me yesterday , asking to purchase boats .
tr	I	Solange brushed against his mind , a gentle , loving slide that shook him with intensity the of feeling in that small , tender gesture .
tr	I	Colton gasped for air and to tried crawl away .
tr	O	His face went blank as he lost himself further in his memories .
tr	O	I could nearly get my head around building a house .
tr	I	Every cell went alert on .
tr	O	Then one day Logan introduced Tabby to the baking mix , and a union was forged .
tr	O	She had not broken her word ; she had come directly home .
tr	O	It was unlocked and open an inch .
tr	I	That excuse 't doesn make it better .
tr	I	She sighed and looked up at him , her wrapping arms around him .
tr	I	No one said word another .
tr	I	Stronger I than am .
tr	O	her aunt said , walking back , never glancing at the spirit , and with good reason .
tr	O	He looked alarmingly white in the yellow glow of the beam .
tr	I	I hadn definitely 't bought one .
tr	I	I 'm trying to gather my nerve , but it 's easy not when the doctor is standing behind me .
tr	I	I sit down the on couch .
tr	I	He didn 't walking regret away from her , Skye decided .
tr	O	Would his men ever simply obey him without question ?
tr	I	Three Norns were trying to lure me to side their .
tr	I	CC and I are whispering that we each love other over and over again .
tr	I	He wanted to build through passages it , that we might study it from within .
tr	O	Still as anxious to please as ever , they at once altered the dish to his liking .
tr	O	That had been the problem from the first ; she was too aware , with no veil of ignorance to shield her .
tr	I	Well , and that the fact that he 'd had the best credentials she 'd seen in ten years .
tr	I	Soft laughter down played her spine , made her shiver with awareness .
tr	O	I 'd also chosen a vampire as a mate ... both of those things meant no babies for me .
tr	I	Maybe she was simply glad that Vaughn was dead , and some of the problems that he 'd caused for her along him with .
tr	O	Her legs weren 't bad , either .
tr	O	I wonder if this was a stable at one time .
tr	O	Then I called it out for the world to hear .
tr	O	Yes , he was even appealing from the back , and she glimpsed large arm muscles as he pushed himself up from the floor .
tr	I	That sister your would .
tr	O	Killing humans was forbidden , and this creature had gorged himself on the most precious of all , a baby .
tr	I	You have seen it yourself , can it withstand us . '
tr	I	Rebel flicks his ear , regarding comment my with disdain .
tr	O	She was fascinated by the magnified images .
tr	I	She was just bringing a up drink to her mouth .
tr	O	It is what they always were .
tr	O	Fleming moved to the rope and pulled it from the water , then started to reel them in , hand over hand .
tr	I	It didn 't stop from me wanting him to want me .
tr	O	But Alan didn 't seem all that worried about it .
tr	I	He have 'd been too worried about her .
tr	I	I had no idea if he was lying not or , but I could tell that he believed what he was saying .
tr	O	I remained with Demeter , sleeping in her chambers and wandering the earth beside her , showing Ares the beauty of the world .
tr	O	Thomas couldn 't see her face , but she was close enough that he felt and smelled her breath .
tr	O	Then her fingernails cut through the skin of his lower arm , and he withdrew sharply , inadvertently releasing her .
tr	O	I smiled at his comment .
tr	I	I know what kind of questions you talkin 're about .
tr	O	In her eyes , I see the truth .
tr	I	Tom nods at me instructs and me to ask Jeff to park down the street and meet us in reception .
tr	I	Enthusiasm dwells ease at among ideas ; but it gets squeamish when faced with bodily reality .
tr	O	And yeah , he needed to see her .
tr	I	A public would space 've given her some protection , but an abandoned building wasn 't shelter .
tr	O	She reached into her pocket for her phone and pressed the speed dial button for Emily .
tr	I	What it has done to me ?
tr	I	What that if 's what happened ?
tr	I	But the bartender set her soda down right at that moment so she able was to escape his touch by lifting her glass to her mouth .
tr	I	Unlike herself , Chris and Melissa in relished the fight , the hunt , and the kill .
tr	I	She holds her hand out , and I take it , kissing fingers her .
tr	I	Keeping my mouth shut , I stare at the thorny rose stem and it imagine puncturing my skin .
tr	O	She demanded furiously in a subdued voice .
tr	I	It was a miserable four days for Elana who didn normally 't pay a great deal of attention to anything other than her experiments .
tr	I	They 're acting it like was nothing .
tr	I	His smile was fainter , wistful almost .
tr	I	Then he glanced up Emma at .
tr	O	The less she knew about Quentin 's life , the better .
tr	I	Time froze and my breath caught my in throat .
tr	I	In her more lucid moments , she 'd talk through Gregor the quilt .
tr	I	He tapped in the number which was written on the paper waited and .
tr	O	His lips brushed against her cheek .
tr	I	And if she gotten had her breath back it would have again been stolen .
tr	O	She sank down onto the floor and glared at him .
tr	I	From the bed , Mary Ellen opened eyes her slightly , enabling her to identify the intruder while still playing possum .
tr	O	Me : Goodnight , Charlie baby .
tr	I	He took a deep breath half filled with pride and amusement , his lips turning up in a smile couldn he 't stop .
tr	I	He sat back in his chair to think about how this might have out played .
tr	O	She stopped long enough to collect her mail and quickly sorted through the envelopes .
tr	I	Lil laughed and Abby hugged .
tr	O	I still hadn 't told Conner about his phone calls to the salon because I was too afraid of what Conner would do .
tr	I	She went so he still wasn 't sure she was still breathing .
tr	I	I edged away towards the window , alarmed at the force he used to jam the gear across stick .
tr	O	Carlotta reached behind her and unzipped her skirt .
tr	I	Thanksgiving 't doesn involve that kind of language , thank you very much .
tr	I	Rann follows her with his eyes into the wall corner when she turns back winking at then Rann yells .
tr	O	She caught at his arm and tugged until he was standing under the shower as well .
tr	I	I apologize sending for it to your work address but it is the only one I could find .
tr	I	If aren you 't the predator , you end up the prey .
tr	I	More of them dotted the trees above them , creating the same effect roped as Christmas lights .
tr	O	Karl who had a dark beard and dark eyes but possessed the sunniest , lightest disposition in Sweden .
tr	I	I to needed forget about it .
tr	O	asked Steven , who had been sitting for two minutes in silence .
tr	O	She was glad she 'd stayed .
tr	I	He it opened and selected three photos .
tr	O	This meeting had proved worthless , the sex notwithstanding .
tr	I	No , she didn 't , and knew he he was being unfair here .
tr	I	They went again the parables of the rockets , the waterfalls of stars and sparks , and the blooms color of .
tr	I	As he drew near it became obvious why its leg wasn 't working : most its of thigh had been eaten away .
tr	O	She put her palm on his bare chest .
tr	O	She didn 't want to see this .
tr	I	I didn 't ask to you pay off the judge .
tr	O	Still , we 've found our peace again .
tr	I	Their toughest climb would be their attempt to re-write laws the concerning the freedom of religion .
tr	O	Ahead , dark SUVs were parked at an angle .
tr	I	How can you that say ?
tr	O	Is there a good , reasonably priced inn you can recommend ? '
tr	I	To keep their circuitry from getting snuffed , they as like to say .
tr	O	And no matter what , you don 't have to feel alone anymore .
tr	I	I pressed backward him until he lay on the seat and I lay on top of him .
tr	I	There are names other mentioned in passing that are also real .
tr	O	The type you see on TV and swear isn 't real .
tr	O	The tall figure of Stevenson could be seen riding his horse at the head of the group .
tr	I	Arthur was parked my in driveway when I got back .
tr	O	They owned all the property , and they housed their childlike heroes in dormitories and arranged various athletic competitions that kept those beautiful specimens of manhood happy .
tr	I	I made a mad dash to hatch the and , on the way out , sliced open my ribs here .
tr	I	I need ... think to for a minute . '
tr	O	she says to Adam .
tr	I	Miles reached for his cell and phone dialed 911 .
tr	O	She stands by the kitchen sink and runs cold water .
tr	I	Perhaps had he already gone ahead .
tr	I	He moved his sword a and little blood ran from a small cut in the girl 's throat .
tr	O	I take his hand and he smiles as I walk backward , pulling him onto the dance floor .
tr	I	There might be safety no anywhere , but she had to try .
tr	O	And all the weeds gone .
tr	I	Chapter 5 William returned his to companions after the end of the speech .
tr	I	' We must down get .
tr	O	She 'd told me she could speak three languages .
tr	I	For the first time in her life , understood Amanda .
tr	O	That 's part of what makes us useful .
tr	O	She was scared but she held the gun steady .
tr	I	A ride and stay atop a mountain above the looking clouds down at the world .
tr	I	She got to stay two for days .
tr	O	Holy hell , I think I just whimpered a little .
tr	I	It had pissed off him but more than anything it made him realize how complacent he 'd been .
tr	O	He turned his icy glare to me , making me wish I hadn 't spoken .
tr	O	He had told her not to get her picture in the paper .
tr	O	Many of them are just normal folks like you and me , facing some truly unfortunate and tragic circumstances .
tr	I	The sun shines high in the sky reflecting off the of cement , its warmth complemented with an icy breeze .
tr	I	Maybe that part 's of the riddle !
tr	I	He knew that she wasn 't to going be happy to see him , but both of them were going to have to put their emotions aside .
tr	O	Instead , he wanted this complicated neighbor who 'd let him know in no uncertain terms that she wouldn 't welcome him even as a friend .
tr	O	I 'd find a way to repay her for everything she had done for me .
tr	O	And time , being relative , thus flowed differently within the field .
tr	O	Joe B. felt his humanity caught in the gears , ground into hamburger and set sizzling upon a grill .
tr	O	They were soulless and merciless as they obliterated all those blocking their path to her .
tr	O	She all but squealed .
tr	O	He expected her eyes full of accusations , but there was only a quiet pleading .
tr	I	Henry had felt a little awkward at first , but she a had very warm presence about her .
tr	I	Cheyenne knew she 'd to have deal with Joe at some point .
tr	I	The servant bowed girl with another smile before leaving the room .
tr	O	I thrust my hands through my hair , not knowing how to answer that question .
tr	O	Of course you will need to consider that in some serious cases the patients don 't wake up from this kind of accident .
tr	I	We are now together .
tr	I	Talking about it was helping , just Ben as had suggested .
tr	O	Before he could spit it out , Sera had punched the man in the face .
tr	O	That was important because of the way he thought about things .
tr	I	I didn 't know why and Hayes ' eyes pleaded with me stay to silent .
tr	O	One or both of them .
tr	O	You 've got to give 'em a show , ' said Sardines , dancing a few steps nervously .
tr	O	I frowned and shook my head .
tr	O	Lyra tried to make small talk , but it was an awkward meal for all until Corbin and Bayard took their leave .
tr	O	Despite the fact that Owen couldn 't hear us and she didn 't have to keep up any pretense with me , Salina still radiated wounded honesty .
tr	O	He tucked the clean shirt into the waistband of his khakis and left the giant bathroom .
tr	O	I hoped what he said was true .
tr	I	And 're they getting restless .
tr	I	It was my duty , I had to do it , and I 've worried ever since happened what to the kid . '
tr	I	Spencer ears 's began to ring .
tr	I	Come with me and Vega let 's leave this place .
tr	O	Cliff shook his head .
tr	I	Looking at some of their features , real so and lifelike , made me shudder .
tr	I	Time will not me let go forward until I do .
tr	I	The decision made is .
tr	O	I picked up Thomas outside his apartment and tailed him as he crossed town .
tr	O	He was only kidding , but the ginger head swiveled with a powerful force .
tr	O	Glen groaned : Of all the rotten fucking luck !
tr	O	< [ 7 ] > Renzo 's dreams refused to stay in line with correct thought .
tr	O	Her mind registered fury at the humiliation of that , then went on to more important things .
tr	I	And now that she had these feelings up bubbling inside of her , she was torn .
tr	I	End the of world .
tr	I	As if it had never been stroked , never been eased , howled Violence to full life .
tr	I	His skin was very white and his face did not have contours to similar a human face .
tr	I	I we fear must lie here .
tr	O	Her finger began tracing a line through his pectorals and down his stomach .
tr	I	Water was soaking into his shirt , but he 't didn seem to mind .
tr	I	She read the newspaper or a stole book from his vast library while he slept .
tr	O	Let me go to the kitchen and do a little investigating first .
tr	O	' Hey ... how are you ?
tr	I	It was like it had happened never .
tr	I	Gage leads us onto the wooden crowded platform and digs us deep into the center of the crowd .
tr	I	It would 've saved a lot heartache of for sure .
tr	I	He out yelled , not in pain , but it sounded in anguish .
tr	I	Boris was called from the helicopter and told to go hire and a new team .
tr	I	He used it to communicate the focus of the return of rule of law he promised as he the ended interregnum and reinstated the Empire .
tr	I	He looked around but alone was on the street .
tr	I	At least one us of had gotten a few hours ' sleep .
tr	I	She started to suggest they go to upstairs her apartment , but Misty grabbed her by the arm .
tr	O	He lifted his hands in surrender trying to stop the growing panic in the eyes of the townspeople .
tr	O	The more I speak , the more I realize how right I am .
tr	I	Louisa had to rise to do it , Fellows and sprang to his feet .
tr	I	At the door , he paused and looked around , cautiously then eased it open .
tr	O	Again , Nikolas leapt on stage .
tr	I	The short answer no was .
tr	I	You 've got your doctor own !
tr	I	I 'm Mrs. Rockport 's assistant personal .
tr	O	Peter made cute babies , and she wouldn 't change them for the world .
tr	I	Conor thought looked it as if a holiday had been declared .
tr	O	I looked down at my purple notebook .
tr	O	Raising her head , she met his gaze .
tr	I	He had rolled up his sleeve and thrust his arm bare into the receptacle .
tr	I	I could see a black hang mist in the air .
tr	O	So Brady 's charity fundraiser image was for real .
tr	O	His long legs were on either side of me , knees bent .
tr	O	None cried out or tried to escape .
tr	I	He gulped prayed and she wasn 't diseased .
tr	O	His eyes never left hers .
tr	O	I turned in a half-circle and got my first good look at the man I 'd been chasing for the last twenty minutes .
tr	I	Meg put the sacks carry on the sorting table .
tr	I	Delia be would devastated if anything happened to you .
tr	O	She was terribly aware of how open and vulnerable to his eyes this position left her body .
tr	I	Everyone looked like they were preparing face to their executioner .
tr	O	She is here , separate from them , because she has something to do ... something she 's been putting off .
tr	O	Everyone listen to me !
tr	O	I , m here to find you .
tr	O	Please have no fears about that .
tr	I	Oh , no hell .
tr	O	I begin to think , it ´ s not bad .
tr	O	I was pretty sure I was in shock .
tr	O	Grace was trying to find Rachel 's file in her briefcase when she remembered she 'd left a couple of folders in her backseat .
tr	O	I would have no one to understand my grief .
tr	O	' It looks lovely , ' said Flora , twisting round to have another look at the Dome of Discovery through the rear window of the car .
tr	O	He slipped his arm around her , his gaze sweeping the parking lot .
tr	I	This had forced the three women into frequent social situations business .
tr	O	Daphne 's bark was always worse than her bite - unless you were a Reaper .
tr	I	As residual life fades energy from the brain , the useless clutter is first to go .
tr	I	Will ow , There 's a behind story this shirt .
tr	O	They and all which are contained within them , and I love them .
tr	I	I twisted body by around to see what Rourke focused on .
tr	O	I did not think any of this was unusual , of course .
tr	I	I was determined to a get good whack in this time .
tr	O	The door was open and a man crouched just inside , an automatic weapon cradled in his arms .
tr	I	The tension went out of voice his .
tr	O	They were a quartet of pure stress , each of them fighting to regain focus .
tr	O	He could feel it in her like a living , breathing entity .
tr	O	' I 'm not going to hurt you . '
tr	O	Pierre now drops his blanket down to his shoulders so that only his head is showing .
tr	I	The screen up lit .
tr	O	Back in the bathroom , I 'm stuffing Travis 's disgusting clothes into my bag as he 's putting on my basketball shorts and a t-shirt .
tr	O	Cody looked at her feeling she wasn 't understanding his hidden intention .
tr	O	Thank the stars as well for a covered garage .
tr	O	No , more than that , she was terrified .
tr	I	Two of six the got him .
tr	I	Katie stopped by between to tables chat .
tr	I	So Sam took the to opportunity have a little talk with Dirk while they waited .
tr	I	Two thin scratches marred the of skin her palm .
tr	O	But part of me just had to know if Damiano 's Disk was real .
tr	O	This wasn 't like supper , where he usually scarfed down his vegetables .
tr	I	Everything 're you ashamed of , laid out for everyone to see .
tr	O	Why did I automatically think about a fight ?
tr	O	Upon exiting the building , Mitch tossed his remaining grenades in behind him , and a rapid succession of explosions ended their pursuit .
tr	I	What he chiefly felt was that the change might establish his mastery thoroughly more .
tr	I	The woman departs without writing anything down , walking away slowly her with hips swinging gently side to side .
tr	O	she asked , shooting to her feet .
tr	I	Cindy as laughed she looked up at him .
tr	I	Fate was nobody convincing .
tr	I	Rebecca longed for some of type revenge .
tr	I	She took it and rose to slowly her feet .
tr	O	Instead , I simply stepped into the precise center of the doorway and stopped , waiting for them all to notice me .
tr	O	Even this way , Rico had to admit she was beautiful .
tr	I	Annalise tried to move forward , to eye make contact with him , but failed .
tr	I	He saw that several of shots his had missed the target and hit the barn wall .
tr	I	You have only yourself blame to for that .
tr	I	After our nocturnal hunt treasure , I 'd soon fallen asleep again , and this time the nightmares stayed away .
tr	O	he said , picking a cookie out of the tin .
tr	I	For reasons Gwen had yet to discover , Karen a wanted temporary match to set her up financially for years to come .
tr	O	I did not like him at all ; he really was a bit of a bastard .
tr	I	Pattern spoke but Robinson had lean to in to hear it .
tr	I	I to turn look at him as I speak , but he shakes his head .
tr	O	The first fell underneath them after a full day .
tr	I	His voice held threatening a note that promised things would get much worse if she didn 't .
tr	I	The two little girls in kneeled the sandbox and made the dolls dance .
tr	I	Colin took her to the couch and pushed her gently it into .
tr	O	Like that tank top I had just dropped in the suitcase .
tr	I	The reserve did not away go and the friendly mood was spoilt .
tr	O	She had the urge to do the same thing herself .
tr	I	If only to collect belongings her .
tr	I	Staring at him were diagrams of exact the symbols that were on the Talisman .
tr	I	He grinned at reaction the .
tr	O	His anger seemed to have gone ; without it , he looked tired .
tr	O	She sets the plate down on the counter and begins piling the pancakes on it with the spatula .
tr	I	Then she went great into detail about her encounter with Helen .
tr	I	He himself made pull away from her .
tr	I	I ordered a whiskey and back turned to the tables .
tr	I	The workers had dug down several feet more than the time last she 'd checked it out , exposing more twisted roots and loamy dark soil .
tr	I	She looked though as she had walked straight out of the 1920 's .
tr	O	Declan groaned and dropped back to the ground .
tr	O	Everywhere his eyes touched , she felt a flame dance , then linger , long after he lifted his head to move on to the next spot .
tr	O	Instead of keeping up the pressure with her talented hands , she gripped his thighs and sucked him between her glistening lips .
tr	I	The love of your is life still waiting Clare , go find him .
tr	I	Memory returned in rush a .
tr	O	The growing silence wasn 't a good sign , he thought , heart sinking .
tr	I	Renton maintained a sarcastic smile as he mimicked the tone and content of the conversation Adams to .
tr	I	It in stayed one piece , but swung open .
tr	O	Rose held a pair of daggers as well , one in each hand .
tr	O	Milling along a line of people was not his style .
tr	O	She reluctantly let him in , but then offered some tea and cookies .
tr	I	She wore a badge that read Trudie and although he never 'd met another Trudie her name somehow fit .
tr	I	But , notices he that a lot of information hasn 't been posted .
tr	I	Her 's name Madison .
tr	O	Despite that fury , her gaze drank him in .
tr	I	She anxiously on chews her fingernails .
tr	I	She didn 't remember ever hearing a sound like precisely this .
tr	I	What gotten had into her ?
tr	I	Madison knew it was her imagination , but it felt as though the temperature had another dropped ten degrees .
tr	O	Chapter 8 By the time I got to the ceremony I had accepted my fate .
tr	O	Opening them , they are raw and full of regret .
tr	O	But another larger wing of the heavenly army had already reached the launch sites .
tr	I	If left alone , 'm I certain I could go through the rest of my life without ever speaking again .
tr	I	The carved , wooden sign on the door looked one like you would pick out from the pages of a personalized gifts catalog .
tr	O	3 Of all the mornings Claire didn 't want to get up , the next one was the worst .
tr	O	Morgan 's body ached for it .
tr	I	They 're like terriers for chase giving .
tr	O	I recall it as one of the great horrible moments of childhood .
tr	I	he in whispered her ear .
tr	I	I 't can help it .
tr	I	They are reserved for those who 've proven themselves battle in . '
tr	I	I grabbed the white pages and thumbed through it , tearing out a page when I found what looked to be correct the listing .
tr	O	I watch him closely .
tr	O	Hopefully , Sara would live through the first 6 weeks .
tr	I	The frown returned her to face before she grabbed at the sheet to cover herself and rolled away to cocoon in it .
tr	I	His neck ... it just was out of reach - She locked her arms around him and twisted , sending them both rolling across the bed .
tr	O	Said Lord Haddington grimly .
tr	O	It 's like she 's with me all of the time and I 'm constantly mentioning her to impress her .
tr	O	Melissa stopped in the middle of the jammed parking lot .
tr	O	He was supposed to come to Jenny 's birthday party with me but didn 't make it .
tr	O	There was no way we 'd be able to defend ourselves against them .
tr	I	He couldn 't decide if things were going according to plan completely or screwed up , but he really didn 't care .
tr	O	I cried out as he slowly pulled it through my skin , down along the inside of my arm , all the way to my wrist .
tr	O	The three of them looked at each other and burst into gales of laughter .
tr	I	Ash looked uncertain , if as he was thinking on what I had said but hadn 't figured it out yet .
tr	O	However , fact was not as uplifting as fiction , and Mr Peabody was no Mr Rochester .
tr	O	He turned toward me .
tr	I	I , ll tell you the sad here thing .
tr	I	She felt it closing in on her , circling her like flames , and she wanted to ride over that edge with this him time .
tr	O	Charlie came in every night exhausted and with an irritatingly happy face .
tr	O	Hans had a secret desire to neutralize the Jewess in private life .
tr	I	Witches stopped their gossip , were chairs overturned and the shouting started .
tr	O	He 'll go back to Thea .
tr	O	' Course working for the Grim Reaper wasn 't really what I planned either .
tr	I	Grabbing snatches of sleep 't wasn enough .
tr	I	No wanted one me .
tr	I	Knowing that he could hook quickly up with another girl less than a week later makes me nauseous .
tr	O	Walter , he 's the stupid one for not stepping in to act like your father when Diana told us her mortal body had cancer .
tr	O	Upper Forks Road Lodge was doing well .
tr	I	It takes less time than normal to make it town across .
tr	I	That was the entire conversation as made Sergio warning glances in my direction from the rearview mirror .
tr	O	Worse than Min had ever heard it before .
tr	I	Whatever she was going to say was lost the moment my lips crashed to down hers .
tr	O	The American party woke up and ate breakfast .
tr	I	Why was it that every time came we near each other we couldn 't seem to stop this from happening ?
tr	O	I force myself to relax .
tr	O	NOTE -- This action is not a monetary reward for posting a review .
tr	I	Max then and turned faced Sam .
tr	I	' Raphael right 's .
tr	O	And with that , Doris or whoever it was broke into hysterics .
tr	I	She buckled seatbelt her .
tr	I	The widest of these lead Rome to .
tr	I	Since I was eight , I have been in literary love with the character from Sport Harriet the Spy .
tr	I	I didn 't know the song , but I recognized it as something the from early jazz era .
tr	I	I press my eyes closed and way sigh too loud .
tr	O	High noon has erased all shadow upon the sands .
tr	I	It 's always nice to have in things writing .
tr	I	He reached the top of stairs the unharmed .
tr	I	Napoli chuckled behind from me .
tr	O	My heart stuttered again , and I knew I wasn 't imagining this connection .
tr	I	His hand gripped mine tightly me making cry out .
tr	I	It so 's dark in here that I was blinded when you opened the door .
tr	O	Now he had come out into the open , to get Sabin .
tr	I	I 'm for looking someone .
tr	O	It was a two-bedroom house .
tr	O	She clicked a button on the remote on her keychain .
tr	I	I couldn 't a see wound , so I got hold of its shoulders and dragged , trying to rescue it from the thick smoke .
tr	I	Nope , still skinny , just way the she liked it .
tr	O	He got rained on for several days before it got fixed .
tr	O	His eyes were filled with hope as he wiped away the wetness under them .
tr	O	I couldn 't tell where I was .
tr	O	That has to be Lilly .
tr	O	The younger man took in a deep breath and smiled .
tr	I	Then in a flash it came him to .
tr	O	Gabriel was the skinny , fair-skinned guy who could make something from anything , a regular MacGyver .
tr	I	Across from them was the table for the opposition and , behind the bar , the galleries and above the benches below were full .
tr	O	He had managed to make his way home - the bleeding had stopped .
tr	O	He lifted a brow .
tr	O	DeLong was chuckling now .
tr	I	I hope comes one soon !
tr	I	He grabbed the tote and kept walking , dropping the inside laptop .
tr	O	He 'd just returned from New York and was eager to see Kim .
tr	O	The man grabs it by the handle , raises it high , and smashes it down on one of the youths ' heads .
tr	I	The blood little sucker , clawing into her back , started to scream in a high pitched voice .
tr	O	Bob had liked what he heard and agreed to represent Zack , his three brothers and two sisters .
tr	O	He glanced out at the water .
tr	O	The sobs take over my body , my mind , everything .
tr	O	Your ability is doubtless , but will be non-existent if you continue to wear yourself down like this . '
tr	I	Then I stood a few more minutes until it took off , and I watched it until it dwindled to nothing in blue the .
tr	I	When Nadia had arrived in person , he thought 'd he might have more success persuading her face-to-face their relationship was over .
tr	I	His eyes followed every her move .
tr	O	The gray eyes slowly narrowed .
tr	O	The proof was his mother 's love itself .
tr	I	I a take few more minutes to wake up and stretch , waiting until Zeke is out of the shower .
tr	I	I to had know he was okay .
tr	O	Were someone to walk by and hear her , I cannot imagine what they would think .
tr	O	Turning he could make out , like an echo of his dream , the vague outline of a figure , backlit slightly by the dim corridor lighting .
tr	I	The laser instantly fell dark as vanished Jake , but the ball of blue and white remained intact seemed to grow slightly before holding its shape .
tr	O	We could wipe them out instantly .
tr	O	A hard thump comes from below .
tr	O	' Fleeing to Earth would seem the only sensible option , ' Callista said .
tr	O	I let her continue sleeping on the couch .
tr	O	Her lips curved into a smile .
tr	I	I headed back the to living room , selected what appeared to be the softest , most comfortable chair and sank into it .
tr	O	You and Eve and Travis are safe here .
tr	O	The porch light falls off one hinge and wobbles to the side .
tr	O	I ran back up the steps before she could even answer me .
tr	O	The war we propose will not be ours alone .
tr	O	Attending grammar school meant leaving home at 7.20 am and arriving home at 5.30 pm .
tr	I	He after trailed me , speaking rapidly now , like the spiel came with the wheels .
tr	O	I give her the fierce look I practiced in the mirror .
tr	O	I sigh , wipe a hand on a dishtowel and grab a card .
tr	O	Suddenly , Wolfgang 's eyes caught sight of an arrow flying from the other side of the river .
tr	O	Knowing his intention from long training and many lashes , she dove .
tr	I	The others were to trying decide who 'd come in after me .
tr	O	Chipped pink nail polish peeked through the dirt ... and blood .
tr	I	A man was indeed waiting for them in the lobby when they reached the top of escalator the .
tr	I	Before supposed his friends arrive ?
tr	I	They said it would take months them to decide if a new trial was in order .
tr	I	He brushed her hands aside quickly and stripped .
tr	O	She gripped my hand , her eyes swimming with tears as she squeezed tight .
tr	I	She sagged against her of side the car .
tr	O	But I 'd never had a boy pay attention to me the way Nick did , so I told Jim to mind his own business .
tr	O	My jeans and torn panties clung to one leg and my shirt was shoved up over my breasts .
tr	O	She closed her eyes and thought back .
tr	I	He had to figure this one on out his own .
tr	I	He down jumped on the road .
tr	O	Mom 's eyebrows shot up .
tr	O	In short , inmates are always scheming ways to get out , and I 'm sure Robert Earl has seen and heard it all .
tr	I	I rushed out the doors down and the hall , Callum 's footsteps behind me .
tr	I	It was much later that discovered I she had died .
tr	I	Tears pouring were down my cheeks .
tr	I	She sat on the side the of bed , wrapping her arms around her stomach , and let the sobs escape .
tr	O	But now his eyes were darting about , infused at last with energy .
tr	I	Looking over at Five , I understand what John doing is .
tr	I	The truth is hidden the in pools of sadness in her eyes since we started talking about Dad .
tr	O	He starts to demand , looking so mad , I scramble to my feet .
tr	I	He walked back to his patrol and car stretched the radio out the open driver 's - side door .
tr	I	Nana had left two million dollars Smithson to Pierpont Hastings , Jonathan Barnard Hastings , and Melissa Josephine Hastings .
tr	I	She had taken a huge risk though and Hiro hoped it wouldn cause 't them more trouble .
tr	O	I smiled at him , licking the last few drops of his blood from my fangs .
tr	O	He was still smiling .
tr	O	She looked at Cooper and knew she should focus on what was right in front of her , but her heart wouldn 't let her .
tr	I	Or -- perhaps to subdue them if ever they tried to disobey orders ?
tr	I	My scan eyes quickly , witches are casting spells everywhere .
tr	I	A slow briefly smile teased his mouth .
tr	O	She hurried the opposite way and out one of the side exits into the courtyard .
tr	O	His erratic head movement continued , even as the temperature rose and ash began to rain down from the charred roof .
tr	I	Placing my palms on pectoral his muscles , I could feel his heart pounding in his chest .
tr	O	Cate hurried down the stairs , hoping Sherry hadn 't been overwhelmed by an unexpected influx of customers while Gate had been upstairs dealing with the twins .
tr	O	And coming back on Sundays .
tr	I	As as quickly she had started laughing , she started crying .
tr	I	And it wasn 't Rodrigo 's fault that she needed emotionally him .
tr	I	I 've decided finally that it has to do with all the morbid , irrevocably twisted , reprobates you deal with .
tr	I	Celaena kept her blank face .
tr	O	There was more than one way to kill a demon , and some Marks were best suited to safer tasks than a physical hunt .
tr	I	The Minoans built had in an open style , fearing no attack while their navies ruled the seas .
tr	O	As she crept past the manager 's door , she held her breath .
tr	O	Concern about a dwindling clergy also grew as the Roman Catholic Church continued to exclude married priests and women .
tr	O	Stephanie 's eyes widened and she squeezed Nile 's hand , her knuckles whitening .
tr	I	The daughter was a very surprise satisfying .
tr	O	But the subject was still painful and nothing she could joke about .
tr	I	Since I on was the bottom , I got up last .
tr	O	It will be his task to make you pass as some sort of an English spy .
tr	O	She curled her legs beneath her and looked into his eyes .
tr	O	I 've got to hang out on the beach trying to find a surfer with some money ' .
tr	O	But I know that once I step through the front door of my old house , my smile will disappear .
tr	O	It seemed like Zane was always geared up for a fight lately , and Ty was running out of ways to handle him .
tr	O	I was slightly plain and my habits were far enough outside what was considered normal , that I was never in a position to learn differently .
tr	O	He saw her pencil still on the page , knew she sensed his presence .
tr	O	When Julia fought to turn away from her friend , Maggie let her go and Julia vomited on the grass .
tr	I	Jennifer and yelled began laughing .
tr	O	Before anyone can respond , he escorts me out the front door , into the dusk of the night .
tr	O	Beech Prison isn 't very secure .
tr	I	Dwight 's neighbor house 's burned wildly .
tr	I	My legs decided that this would be a fine time go to on strike .
tr	I	But he doesn 't ; he stands there like 've I broken his heart .
tr	O	Michael stood there , looking both angry and defeated .
tr	I	Adam wanted to talk the to Oracle .
tr	O	She wrapped the robe around her and for the first time felt a little assurance and comfort .
tr	O	When he 's finished , he cups my face in his hands .
tr	I	Very respectful and he 's obviously protective his of sisters .
tr	O	Clan Nimble was a sort of anomaly within shapeshifter society .
tr	I	Andrea 's cure wasn 't working until I took it away from her and you dosed myself .
tr	O	He improved his Associates Degree by getting Master 's Degrees in Mechanical & Transportation Engineering .
tr	I	He held his out hand .
tr	I	I definitely didn 't the hit mark .
tr	I	Miles flew by quickly I as headed into the heart of the city .
tr	O	Carmine was on his feet before he even knew what he was doing , the liquor splashing from the glass he clutched and splattering on the floor .
tr	I	Looking away , she chewed the inside of her lip and tried to ignore the tension knotting low her in belly .
tr	O	Again , Erik took a long time in responding .
tr	I	It was possible that had she looked at the napkin and dialed another number entirely .
tr	I	But as he stares at the bodies , now defiled by flies and crows , he begins to think of their and courage discipline .
tr	O	Her palms glided over his shoulders , savoring the strength of him .
tr	I	Sometimes I wondered if I done had the right thing coming here .
tr	O	He teased the parting folds of flesh that guarded the entrance to her warm , fragrant core .
tr	I	I a supposed lame one-word reply was better than no reply .
tr	I	Malak was the only one in the group with a flaw , though she hid well it .
tr	O	He headed in their direction .
tr	I	They met as agreed at 9am in usual the spot on the beach .
tr	I	To out find exactly what has happened here and why ?
tr	I	She turned and quickly walked towards a group of trees .
tr	O	As the time grew closer , the more certain of it he had become .
tr	O	The pressure built up .
tr	O	I smiled and he laughed , then frowned .
tr	I	There been had a wolf or a wild dog on the roof with her .
tr	I	She stepped out wave to down a cab , but it sped up and passed her by .
tr	O	She stopped behind him and turned her car off .
tr	O	- Theo felt a cool breeze against his face as they left the gig .
tr	I	Aside from a few stray cars and the distant wailing of police a siren , the streets are mostly quiet .
tr	I	If would you like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient .
tr	I	This be cannot real .
tr	O	There 's Alisa and Cassandra , who are going to college .
tr	O	And that didn 't even take into account all of the dull , throbbing aches in my body from where the giants had hit me tonight .
tr	O	There was a snowy owl drifting above him .
tr	I	The kelp itself often garbled radio communication , but time this it seemed to embellish it .
tr	O	Cole instructed Norm that it was in his desk drawer at work , inside a plastic bag , and to have it dusted for prints .
tr	I	I loved the color the of dress .
tr	I	He 'd said ' what heck the ' and then asked Zena to marry him ?
tr	I	One thing at time a .
tr	I	Adrian gave me that devil-may-care smile that always managed to both and infuriate captivate me .
tr	O	It mattered not to Buddy who was playing behind him .
tr	I	It was his entirely own idea .
tr	I	She was sure he was going to try to get more out money of her .
tr	I	Her teeth were chattering so vigorously , she feared everyone in the massive ballroom could them hear over the angelic hum of the harp .
tr	I	One who was old enough to be her times great-grandfather a million .
tr	O	My words of anger died on my lips when I was faced once again with four sets of black wings .
tr	I	He couldn 't even hide his thoughts -- they 'd built in a security to feature betray him .
tr	O	Both Sakura and Mary looked around the great hall .
tr	O	Kellen and Ezra sat at a booth near the door .
tr	I	Reagan shakes head her .
tr	I	He no hoped doubt his new mistress would protect him from Styx 's wrath .
tr	I	To his surprise and relief , was she not bleeding .
tr	O	She 'd certainly pulled him out of the fog he 'd been walking in .
tr	I	The snow was deep knee .
tr	O	David met his eyes and took one .
tr	O	She was able to control the game , moving forwards and backwards the play and replay various highlights .
tr	I	Most were mere acquaintances , none of which she trusted to bare soul her .
tr	I	It was likely the thing only keeping her from breaking down .
tr	I	Here the world might never it find .
tr	I	And her with heart .
tr	O	She was very happy to see her new office but asked how she was expected to pay for it .
tr	O	She held a giant gun .
tr	I	Destiny was in a world of and feeling love .
tr	I	Though without ... Joyce ' Her voice wavered uncertainly .
tr	O	Elise gone , her little girl gone .
tr	I	That was certainly unexpected an turn .
tr	I	His former certainty of death now seemed to ridiculous him .
tr	I	A pause , then her lids parted , and those beautiful blues were at peering him .
tr	I	And she was as brave a as little lion .
tr	O	Abby felt the color drain from her face .
tr	O	He stared at the other man , his eyes like shards of ice .
tr	I	That brought me short up .
tr	I	And there , in eyes her , a plea .
tr	I	Just skin and lot a of it at all hours of the day .
tr	O	He didn 't know what the man might do .
tr	I	Thrown together by circumstance , a common love of sitting and throwaway philosophy had their maintained bond .
tr	I	Devon didn particularly 't care what Chris thought , or wanted .
tr	O	Well , all of her smiles were that way .
tr	I	He the lost ball and his racquet but somehow kept his feet .
tr	O	Sure , everyone changed over time as they forgot their lives on earth , but Mikey could choose how he changed .
tr	O	They swung their swords with fierceness at their opponents , the Gods .
tr	O	He snapped a short branch off a nearby tree , never dropping eye contact with Constantia .
tr	I	Embarrassed , changed she the subject .
tr	I	That I was strong and he was proud me of .
tr	O	Like that blond one .
tr	O	The boys wandered ahead .
tr	O	He gently turned my head towards him .
tr	I	His eyes sparkle and it takes my away breath .
tr	O	His life had been irrevocably changed as well .
tr	O	A bigger burst of orange flames erupted through the hole in the sixth floor and consumed the top half of the building .
tr	I	Andrew took a long sip water of and looked out the window .
tr	O	She scowled at the thought of that 22 female .
tr	I	Now I caught his face four with knuckles with enough force to knock out some teeth .
tr	O	She was clearly benefiting from having me in her life too .
tr	I	And where Kumiko had been ?
tr	I	I suspected if not for the conditions surrounding our arrival , I might enjoy my time in Soldier Pond 's .
tr	I	The sun was nearly gone by then , with only the gilt edges remaining as twilight over reigned the sky .
tr	I	It 'll go in viral a few minutes .
tr	O	Dare leaned his head back and drew a deep breath .
tr	I	Isaac looks back at father his , nods and reluctantly lets go of my hand .
tr	I	I didn 't think you knew that China well .
tr	O	Her own sister hadn 't cared enough to show up to meet the child she planned to adopt and had promised to love .
tr	I	The moment he made his her , the moment he vowed to be with her for eternity .
tr	I	I hooked foot my around the back of Fatso 's leg .
tr	I	They 'd reached a point south just of the island of Zante when it happened .
tr	I	He on nodded general principles .
tr	I	You knew I wanted her , you threw even the fact that you were on to me in my face .
tr	O	I knew that one of the other Rabbis , and there were two of them on the bench , whispered something to him .
tr	O	Nova could hear the long chain rattling over the stones and arching into the air from the speed .
tr	O	I started , attempting to push myself up and look , but the phone went off again .
tr	I	With Vel 's help , I tweak the programming reflect to the new pulses .
tr	I	Taking a large gulp , he felt the burn of the alcohol blazing a trail of fire down his throat into and his stomach .
tr	O	Unfortunate that something so horrible should be so obviously out of the question .
tr	O	I hauled it all the way to the Pathfinder site and back , just in case I needed a spare .
tr	O	He stopped by the liquor store on his way to the hotel .
tr	O	Fred Astaire was at the far end of the stage where they were setting up the first shot .
tr	O	At the end of another hallway stood a solitary door .
tr	O	Seth held her eyes for a moment , but his expression was unreadable .
tr	O	Looking down into the small stone and mortar room , Sam could not help but smile , her eyes beginning to water slightly at the sight .
tr	O	He waved a pair of photos under their noses .
tr	I	She winked , and before Tessa could protest , melted Hyacinth back into the crowd .
tr	O	Judd nodded and returned the silver-plated dog tags inside of his shirt .
tr	I	She up holds beautifully .
tr	O	The bloodstained apron was making me feel unwell .
tr	O	I gasped and caught myself before falling over .
tr	I	Vaughn wasn sure 't what to tell him .
tr	O	He asked her about school , and Janelle answered his questions as she stared down at her plate .
tr	I	Lucy was firmly against me leaving for Scotland , and stopped from me sailing north with a ground breaking secret .
tr	O	He passed by the ferries at the wharf .
tr	I	Would she ever have a like life Joni 's ?
tr	I	On its surface , it looked exactly as should it .
tr	O	They prepared him for surgery and wheeled him into the operating theatre .
tr	O	Hey , it 's me .
tr	I	The registered sarcasm with the man who sat behind the driver .
tr	I	One would surely be enough wreak to havoc on the tribe .
tr	I	Their personal items the littered floor .
tr	I	Her eyes glistened as she watched me , small a smile on her lips .
tr	I	The distillate of this was referral regular and treatment at the ' Spa Baths ' of Harrogate .
tr	I	The early afternoon sun crested over the band of trees pine and live oaks bordering the stretch of cement .
tr	I	' And one more thing , ' he called out the above din .
tr	I	This is not a game are we playing with the revolutionaries !
tr	O	She unhooked her floating canvas bag and glared at him .
tr	I	I trust these people , and I trust Thomas , whereas can I 't trust Wendell anymore .
tr	O	Ryan fiddled with the tracker and nodded .
tr	I	His shall be named after ... The crack to began open .
tr	I	For that matter , almost no one in his school really saw as him anything other than a target to be kicked and bullied .
tr	I	Always cleaning tidying and away .
tr	I	Sexton could not believe eyes his .
tr	I	The officer team had arrived with the other Walker midmorning , and everyone was dying to get a glimpse of or him her .
tr	I	Jace touched the bracelet on his wrist , and his then tracking rune .
tr	I	It wasn 't until my feet hit the warm sand that realized I all the choices I had made today revolved around Tripp .
tr	I	Vladimir his glanced way .
tr	O	Margaret was hedging , and I could see that she 'd rather I dealt with Mom .
tr	O	Planting her elbows on the table , she rested her chin in her hands and allowed her mind to drift .
tr	O	Painter frowned , but Hank waved , urging him down .
tr	O	Shark steps through after me , Dervish just behind him .
tr	O	His aggression was written in his eyes , but his face stayed calm and controlled .
tr	O	Her mind was rushing ahead .
tr	I	He his dropped eyes , stepped off the porch and carried a load of rotted wood to a pile at the edge of the property .
tr	O	Physically , he could break the hold without effort .
tr	O	Bryan had just admitted publicly that he didn 't consider her a suspect , so he had no reason to hold her .
tr	I	Dana wiped at her cheeks with the of back her free hand .
tr	I	I thought they even kissed them , which made me all the more irritated Katie by 's response .
tr	I	' I 'll keep an eye out for something , ' Stu said , ' if 're you sure . '
tr	I	Mortimer peered at the younger man as if he mad were .
tr	I	And then his move hands in front of him .
tr	O	Her ready acceptance of another man , one who didn 't deserve her any more than he did , infuriated Lucien .
tr	O	Like I had thought the first quake was the real one and then the one the next day was so much stronger .
tr	I	Francesca could see his was hand trembling .
tr	O	A soft groan escaped him .
tr	O	We 'd talked about it a few times but hadn 't really come to a clear solution .
tr	O	Savannah stroked his arm .
tr	I	She wriggled , sending sparks through her , showering faster than she would have expected the after pleasure he 'd already brought her tonight .
tr	O	She didn 't know what else to say .
tr	I	Her nostrils flared , filling her senses with the scent his of lust and excitement .
tr	O	There was no use in arguing with her .
tr	O	Speaking of which , his actual mom and dad were also looking forward to meeting their grandchild .
tr	I	Was a worth pitcher his salt ?
tr	I	Coco crying was ; Laidlaw spat on the ground .
tr	O	Cassidy put a heavy paw on his chest and fixed him with a stern look .
tr	I	She turns off heat the and reaches for a plate in the cupboard .
tr	I	Of all the friends in his life , he her loved most .
tr	I	The Captain peered around his defense attorney 's co-chair and sure enough , was there the prosecuting attorney and his assistant at the parallel desk .
tr	I	The paintings were shredded into paper thin strips ; some of them embed by millions bullets of .
tr	O	I took in a deep breath .
tr	O	He stands and walks out of the office , letting the door slam behind him .
tr	O	Just the thought of a woman treating him that well made Jax 's muscles loosen .
tr	I	I watched his face his as eyes scanned the hallways .
tr	O	Liz pulled away and smiled .
tr	O	Desire hit him hard and fast .
tr	I	Kelly as grunted he rolled out of bed .
tr	O	He was all those things simply by existing on the planet .
tr	O	Not a choir , but simple whispers , barely audible , hissing like a nest of serpents , calling his name -- his real name .
tr	O	The standard big box stores anchor each end , with a lot of lady apparel stores in between .
tr	I	( Have told you have that to be good an instant , accursed stupid !
tr	I	Jackson asked , taking sip a of his drink .
tr	O	It was a shame .
tr	O	Then she walks back up to the lighthouse to say goodbye .
tr	O	We really were out of sight , and there were more important matters to take care of .
tr	O	She lifted a hand to his face .
tr	I	' But we haven 't your rejected offer though .
tr	O	So , she told him everything she knew about the book , including how it was created .
tr	O	Some sidewalk café in Manhattan .
tr	I	Seems that he also signed to a mandatory makeover meeting , which besides his getting man card pulled , he didn 't need .
tr	O	Either she needed to bury her feelings or confront Christopher and attempt to salvage their relationship .
tr	O	Besides , it was just a small fib to a man she didn 't even know or care about .
tr	O	No rape , but she 'd barely escaped and couldn 't overtake him .
tr	O	And I , completely distracted , had not even thought about testing the treat .
tr	O	He lifted it out of my reach .
tr	I	He cupped my face his in hands .
tr	O	I 'd been denying my wolf just as hard .
tr	O	Nemesis as well as the observers picked up the dark cloud making its way up Freedom and a fog bank was reported to be moving up Victory .
tr	I	My beeper began buzz to .
tr	O	He found Captain Bob dead in the water tangled in his crab line .
tr	I	At the same time the fingers of my right hand , knife like blades , jabbed him hard twice in the throat .
tr	O	He blew the match out before tossing it in the grass .
tr	I	Jane whipped herself out of bed , wearing still the same clothes she had spent the day before in .
tr	O	I needed him as a safety net even if it wasn 't fair to lead him on that way .
tr	O	The slug drilled Jim between the eyes and exited in a mist of blood and brain and bone .
tr	O	Stars glittered like millions of sparkling diamonds flung across the midnight sky by a careless hand .
tr	I	I figured I listen could with my ears while I ate with my mouth .
tr	O	Shards of pain speared up through her leg , into her hip and she winced .
tr	I	She looked around bookstore the .
tr	O	But he didn 't scratch her skin .
tr	I	Was that what 'd I been given ?
tr	I	Without thinking , follow I the light .
tr	O	Now she took in sewing and did some cooking and cleaning occasionally for a widower in town .
tr	O	It just wasn 't possible !
tr	O	The water that was her head roped to the crystal above the fountain , then trailed along a light beam , casting rainbows all over the room .
tr	I	I handed her a tissue and put my arm her around .
tr	I	She righted herself and tried ignore to the boy 's arms around her waist .
tr	I	Cain slipped a single finger along her slick folds , barely brushing her cl * t as he gently pinched nipple her .
tr	O	Determination held ground with love on Smith 's face as his voice remained as steady as hers had been shaky .
tr	I	Mallory opened her mouth to protest , but Jake her cut off before she could begin .
tr	I	If the Mexican Army north comes through Bexar , we cannot hold the Alamo .
tr	I	What made you bring sword that in here ?
tr	O	The dragon placed big hands on narrow hips , black hair streaked with silver and grey brushed off his face .
tr	I	Brandon eyes 's widened .
tr	I	The two men had almost reached it and had turned to see if and she Sugar needed any help .
tr	O	The question was - what was he willing to do to get her to admit it ?
tr	I	She 'd never made the connection between metal wood and before .
tr	I	She 't didn need someone like me .
tr	O	Desmond piped up for the first time since the argument started .
tr	O	Frowning , his thumb starts wandering back and forth across my hand .
tr	I	The library quiet grew except for singing .
tr	O	Her body hadn 't had any release in a long time ... too long .
tr	I	Both had worked in the hospitality and industry knew their way around the business , so they decided to invest in starting their own .
tr	O	I don 't need to prove myself to either of us anymore .
tr	I	In the half-light , with the never-ending gale howling through the broken panels under the grey skies , it a was dismal , unhappy place .
tr	I	Robert drew back and pulled Evie with him , giving the paramedics room work to .
tr	O	Looking once again further behind her father 's schooner , she finally notices another ship following him .
tr	O	And if he didn 't answer , well if he didn 't , it could mean one of two things .
tr	I	It hurt still , though .
tr	O	You 're not going to take this from me .
tr	I	Angel could be tortured , killed , and thrown oblivion into because nobody cares .
tr	I	Emma scrolled backward earlier through messages .
tr	O	It 's not a question I was expecting .
tr	O	Bethany excused herself as soon as she could .
tr	O	They had to make certain that they grew from hundreds into thousands .
tr	O	You don 't need to command me to stay .
tr	O	Mostly she was nowhere to be seen .
tr	O	I will not kill you , not even the thin one , for you are out of my world .
tr	O	He doubted if his bride was in any state to do so .
tr	O	Then Edd pushed him aside , trudging towards the knights just down the hall .
tr	O	Get in , take as many pictures as you can , and get the hell out .
tr	O	* * * So he drove to the East End every morning to be a doctor .
tr	I	The conversation had gone not well .
tr	I	Her eyes were really extraordinary .
tr	I	She watched the young man , looked who like he couldn 't have been more than eighteen , waddle carefully over toward the kitchen .
tr	O	The line would start again in ten minutes , and she needed to use the ladies ' room .
tr	O	Women swept the tables free of leaves or carried out food .
tr	I	Priscilla returned school to the following day , leaving Daisy alone with her baby .
tr	I	His eyes fixed Stuart onto 's as a clear test of his composure .
tr	I	Nothing else was but nearby more cornfields .
tr	O	Elspeth led him to a circle of large armchairs arranged at the right side of the room .
tr	I	He had an made enemy .
tr	I	Rubbing my eyes , I struggled to block the out shrieking that stil rang in my ears .
tr	I	Chris blinked once or to twice make sure he wasn 't seeing things , but no .
tr	O	I shrugged , even though I thought she could be right .
tr	I	That cause would swelling .
tr	I	What started off soft blazed soon into something red hot .
tr	O	I think it is too late for me to alter .
tr	O	Mike uttered , reaching for the gate .
tr	I	Stupid no-good malls strip .
tr	I	She started to sit up and crossed her arms her over beautiful chest .
tr	O	He looked but could see nothing .
tr	O	Worldwide , there were fewer than forty such individuals .
tr	I	So he angry could barely speak , he thanked Adam for the heads up and dialed Beth .
tr	O	She didn 't want to leave Lucas .
tr	O	But also , a vivid realisation that Japanese people in the streets had little understanding of English .
tr	I	He a gave wry smile .
tr	I	He covers her mouth with his and her kisses deeply and intently .
tr	I	I 't didn want to know .
tr	I	This means that the drug you 're patenting is different than drug the that was given to Sophie Bousquet .
tr	O	It was so much better that I didn 't have an audience .
tr	O	Luis made a sudden , forceful movement with the razor , and Joaquin 's body lifted off the table .
tr	I	He paused , his apple Adams noticeably bobbing up and down as he swallowed hard .
tr	I	He liked hair her messy .
tr	I	Owen laughed , it and was like a rich , decadent dessert .
tr	I	Grace was Peterson one of them .
tr	I	We stood still for a minutes few before a knock at the door startled us .
tr	O	Fitted clothes look much better , you 'll find .
tr	I	And that was he something never intended to forget .
tr	I	So far sex was just as messy with a vampire as with human a male , a thought that did nothing to ease her temper .
tr	I	He could barely see the features of her face , but they didn 't look as sad as would he 've expected .
tr	O	William placed the tip of the sword against his throat .
tr	O	My bet is on the black building .
tr	I	I ran as hard as I could , quickly on closing Wizard Guy .
tr	O	They all went down and rapidly got to the spot where they heard the noise .
tr	O	Deep , furious , and up against the wall because we couldn 't wait one more moment to be together .
tr	O	Then she turned back to me with a smug smile .
tr	I	I slide onto my stomach , pressing hard into stone the , trying to stay as small as possible .
tr	I	That didn 't let off him the hook .
tr	O	He headed for the same empty booth that he 'd occupied that fateful night .
tr	I	Hana 's face whole changes .
tr	O	Now Ethan 's voice was rising .
tr	O	Coffs Harbour has three architectural firms and three landscape architects .
tr	O	Again , she thought I was mocking her and started picking her way down the bluff .
tr	O	Then he peeled off his coveralls in favor of the suit and tie that had waited all day for this moment , and took up his camera .
tr	I	The canal is black and glinting , and the night is : saying Yep .
tr	O	Once we arrest you for treason -- and the murder of ten million people -- we will have full access to your Imp feed .
tr	O	Since living with Louisa , his living expenses had reduced drastically .
tr	I	We thought you joined the local pack , so went we there first .
tr	O	The property had three main shelters with no sides .
tr	O	When the doors opened , the group flowed into the pool area .
tr	O	Nikolas looked to Tim and bit his bottom lip .
tr	O	But here , in this white , cold place , I could feel even that slipping away , hour by hour .
tr	O	He hasn 't given it yet , but I think he will .
tr	O	He was elated with her response , with both of their responses .
tr	O	The people here are his family .
tr	O	How did you ever get involved with them ?
tr	I	Sam nodded , he though didn 't look happy .
tr	O	She wraps her little arms around my leg and gives a big squeeze .
tr	I	VISIT EARTH 'S 6 END .
tr	O	If this was Mason he would have made them putty in his hands .
tr	I	Jared stared at in me a way that left me feeling uncomfortable .
tr	O	We can have the sonogram .
tr	I	She watched him finish phone his call and memorized every inch of his face in those couple minutes .
tr	I	Lucien looked at Justin who , Lucien was pleased to note , was now looking not so happy to see Leah .
tr	O	My stomach flips in response .
tr	I	When the red disappeared haze , nothing of the tree remained .
tr	I	It pretty 's obvious that whatever you felt for me is gone .
tr	I	He falls face first onto the bed , and I lean over his legs to the pull window and curtains shut .
tr	I	Dawson not 's dead !
tr	O	That was the only explanation .
tr	I	The look on her face when I wrapped my arm around her to help up her the stairs .
tr	I	The tingling small in my palms .
tr	O	Stacks must be some kind of preoccupied to have his secretary relaying that kind of info , I thought .
tr	I	Anonymous letters would be hand delivered to our newly embraced friends announcing their invitation next to month 's conference in Jerusalem .
tr	I	She to wanted say ' nightmares ' .
tr	O	Fortunately they tend to also have a railing .
tr	I	I don 't know what I thinking 'm .
tr	O	Selena allowed Wil to pull her up into the chariot before reaching out for Zoe 's hand .
tr	O	They feasted and told stories of past battles to raise their courage , they sang the old songs of great heroes and their deeds .
tr	O	It seemed so lonely and empty .
tr	I	I don 't her shake off .
tr	I	He 'd always remember this day , and wanted I each memory accompanied by a cold sweat and a glance over his shoulder .
tr	I	Perhaps so not unlike the metaphorical locusts .
tr	O	Mr. Tanner made sweeping gestures with his hands .
tr	I	Standing to off the side , Sam felt superfluous yet again .
tr	O	Her eyes settled on someone , and she scowled .
tr	O	His face was less was bloody but the bruises were more prominent .
tr	I	Or maybe I 'd come here to win her for first the time .
tr	O	He didn 't even seem to notice us until Lizzie rapped on the glass .
tr	I	You by play her rules .
tr	O	A blue jay flitted from one limb to another in the tree .
tr	I	I so was quick in my crawling maneuvers in fact that I met up the rest of the group in a few minutes .
tr	O	And because she wanted it the most .
tr	I	I was so excited I didn 't hear Ness up walk behind me .
tr	I	That was going to start with me not beating the shit outta when Cain I saw him .
tr	O	A small wind moved some of the branches overhead , where birds tweeted continuously , apparently unaware of the 140-character limit .
tr	O	This was delivered with an arch look .
tr	I	Dragons they might be , of one the largest beings in the world , but that didn 't mean they had to stomp everywhere .
tr	I	He grins and holds out a hand me for to shake .
tr	I	Chapter Twelve The of sight Sebastian 's house awed Serenity .
tr	O	The mandibles clicked together .
tr	O	Nodding , he took Holly 's hand and led her away , needing to get the hell out of this damn carnival .
tr	I	He suspected he that didn 't want something so easily breakable in his hands when Victor finally got to the point of this little tete a tete .
tr	O	I dressed quickly and met him on the back porch .
tr	O	The next mailbox bore the number 56 in Gothic script , and Aria rolled slowly up the long drive .
tr	O	Because the First Battalion 's vehicles would be used , it would be Ferguson 's responsibility to pick the drivers and others who would go with them .
tr	O	He strode forward and grabbed the man , pulling him away from the other two .
tr	O	Taking Ramsay from the military may be a personal priority , but it would beg questions he didn 't want to answer .
tr	O	She shook her head .
tr	O	She felt the silk grow damp at his touch .
tr	I	She beat the at door .
tr	O	At least not the killing of little children .
tr	I	He worked quickly , gaze on intent the box .
tr	O	He knew Mira was trying to help , just as he knew she was making it worse .
tr	I	When 's she going to tell parents her ?
tr	O	I suck in a deep breath .
tr	O	If Sutherland weren 't a reprobate drunk who 'd seduced Nicole , they might have been friends .
tr	I	Gideon smiled with satisfaction cold .
tr	I	Gregor waded to relatively a clear spot to try to get his bearings .
tr	O	He swiped it across my head and I gave a shout of pain .
tr	O	That 's what the infected people seemed to be .
tr	O	Others who saw Victoria go upstairs began to whisper among themselves .
tr	O	She dug her bare toes into the cool sand .
tr	O	Stuart glanced at Love who nodded in return .
tr	I	Lucien avoided looking at the tapestry ; he did not care to see more burning heretics .
tr	O	He leaned forward and extended his hand .
tr	O	We looked at each other grimly over the wolf pup 's back .
tr	I	And then , because he was used to arguing both sides his in mind , he thought : Custom is second nature .
tr	I	He glanced round to see his leader glaring at and him rose quickly , pulling up his breeches .
tr	O	There didn 't appear to be any major structural damage .
tr	O	She froze at the sight before her in the bare cell .
tr	I	The is other a tiny star that shines behind the vultures for barely a second every two minutes .
tr	I	She moved , filling with him relief .
tr	O	It almost seemed as though he was selling himself as opposed to the house .
tr	I	That 's I what told myself .
tr	I	A young beautiful woman .
tr	O	People tended to walk wide of him in the crowds , at least once they registered what he was .
tr	I	His mouth moves closer to mine his and eyes study the grooves of my neck .
tr	I	Devlin resumed English in .
tr	O	Certainly there was no mistaking the deep black eyes that seemed to see to her very soul .
tr	I	Two dogs ignored the easy pickings , wanting clearly fresh meat .
tr	O	Laura asked , looking toward the door of the haberdashery .
tr	I	Two men , chatting as they walked , by came the place where he hid .
tr	O	I can remember the first time I went in the house after they were gone .
tr	O	Bronwyn gave me a pitying look .
tr	I	It was clear that without the police there would be dead on Huguenots campus .
tr	O	The old coat of paint was wearing thin and chunks of it were peeled off and lost , exposing a white layer underneath .
tr	I	Someone had to lead and take the victory , but said everyone it was ' too cold ' to go out .
tr	O	She was wiping her eyes with one sleeve .
tr	O	This all made him a bit crazy , because he just didn 't know how to deal with it .
tr	I	This is when the friends had an opportunity leave to the cockpit and take a better look at their new dwelling place .
tr	I	I was becoming so tuned to Michael 's mind that our conversations were frequently an amusing jumble of shorthand as I answered questions before asked he them .
tr	I	That way gets she paid twice .
tr	I	I couldn say 't I was surprised by her reaction , although I was more than a little disappointed .
tr	I	It disappeared , leaving nothing but bit a of water .
tr	O	Garn shook his head .
tr	I	You healthy look , for once .
tr	O	Hoyt was at a loss to fill his free time , and Jason was always up to something .
tr	I	He shook head his .
tr	O	After her and Gavin walk out , I look down at my watch .
tr	I	VIN had not even looked out at the vista while he completed his first spacewalk floating outside around .
tr	O	Two days had passed since they 'd visited the pier together .
tr	O	How the hell was I supposed to sleep with her and complete rush if the other girls were trying to scare her away ?
tr	I	But I 't didn need to waste a wish on that .
tr	O	I cast an appreciative glance around the room .
tr	I	The minute foot his hit the ground , a net came up off the ground , palms and leaves raining off of it .
tr	O	I hugged it to my chest .
tr	O	Whatever she saw was invisible to the rest .
tr	O	I crouch down and press myself against the wall as silently as possible .
tr	I	Sibyl followed at a much slower pace and then , as if by magic , she felt Colin eyes 's on her .
tr	I	Thank you for support your .
tr	I	He 't ain sure of what he 's about to do .
tr	O	' I didn 't . '
tr	O	For Mike the sound symbolized a musical threshold to something unworldly .
tr	I	I couldn 't help at glancing it as I knocked .
tr	O	He licked the corner of the tissue , wiped my lips again and then tossed the tissue in the trash container by the wall .
tr	I	I don know 't what I 'd do without her .
tr	I	They stepped beyond the fence and the vegetation thick and Dianna was surprised to find that the commune was extremely clean and orderly .
tr	I	There was answer no .
tr	O	Even if I have to take down every one of the others like me in order to get to him .
tr	O	So he just watched helplessly , tearfully , as the chick slowly died .
tr	O	They 'd walked to the restaurant , and when they stepped outside , they noticed the evening had cooled considerably .
tr	O	I was serious . '
tr	O	As the water rose , so did Daniel .
tr	O	I mirrored her smile when her gaze darted to and fro , not sure where to begin .
tr	O	Although I couldn 't say it came from any sort of rational plan .
tr	I	We must have gotten pregnant after right our last visit to North Carolina .
tr	I	She smiled , but he noticed she was having to make an effort to keep staring from at his bare chest .
tr	O	I 've got bills to pay , you know ?
tr	I	As we approached the structure there was mistaking no it for anything other than a greenhouse .
tr	I	Her father hadn 't seen her off take or land the aircraft .
tr	I	Kate dug her nails in her palms took and it all .
tr	I	She her shook head .
tr	I	July 8th ( 15 Birthday ) yesterday .
tr	O	They rode two to a horse .
tr	O	The second is another woman , but I can 't see her face , just that she is wearing blue .
tr	O	Ronny glared at him , squeezing a tennis ball in each hand .
tr	I	' Do you have anything planned tomorrow for ? '
tr	O	This was no more than a decorated playing card 's table .
tr	I	Her eyes wide were , as though she could read me well enough to know the worst part was coming .
tr	I	I told James that he couldn 't do for this me , but he just smiled and paid the bill !
tr	O	He said when he saw us .
tr	I	He 's never let down us . '
tr	I	Sofie 's probably him got running around , Max offered .
tr	I	This was my reality , not darkness the .
tr	I	Hicks and Sykes stare up at for Hartman a long moment .
tr	O	Julianne bunks with Kayla and Nichole , while Paul , Mark and Charlie bunk with Nicholas and Jacob .
tr	O	They never hit them , and this was because , according to Pappy , the gun sights were crooked .
tr	I	' But me consider special authorisation . '
tr	I	Swallowing tightly , he himself forced to nod .
tr	I	The only good thing about all the moving was that Dr. Bishop had to leave all behind of the frozen bodies he 'd collected .
tr	O	I loved you because I thought you were different .
tr	O	Megan and Callie were in the kitchen , laughing and talking with friends , their voices occasionally rising above the Christmas music playing throughout the house .
tr	I	Tony her approached and put his arm around her , comforting her as well as himself .
tr	O	I extended my katana , and before Michael could react I sliced forward , hitting the underside of his left hand .
tr	O	You can help sway all of these people here !
tr	I	I take a sip of and tea watch Holly rub her shiny lips together .
tr	I	I glared at Christian and up held my hand for him to stop .
tr	O	The reason you are with us , is because , many years ago , Earth faced the danger of being altered .
tr	O	But there was none - and no sign of body heat in the front room under infrared .
tr	I	Instead , Eileen a wrote nice paper that was dedicated to her mother who had triumphantly survived breast cancer .
tr	I	It was less than an to hour sunset .
tr	I	I going was to hand her a photo , ask her to identify it .
tr	O	Adam heard them screaming at the sight of the corpses that lined the bar floor .
tr	I	Blinking , she glared at the young wolf who held a newly empty bucket in hands his .
tr	I	Then again , not perhaps .
tr	O	She would be ok ; everything would be ok as long as he was here .
tr	I	It was more than just the pain from in being the car accident .
tr	O	If not for the ghastly mark , she would have been exceptionally attractive .
tr	I	Friday a makes face like she smelled something bad .
tr	O	They had to find where these monsters kept the kids .
tr	I	The King 's sunburst glowed from doors wall and panels .
tr	I	' I so think .
tr	I	The elemental loomed , hundreds of tendrils sprouting from every of centimeter its surface .
tr	I	He instructed Paul several times on the proper care and treatment women of .
tr	I	Colton stood up , his eyes fixed on the door as the scream off tapered into silence .
tr	I	I didn like 't this pattern , but I had to know .
tr	O	Jim had mentioned it was located at the upper part of the valley on the main road , so that was their next stop .
tr	O	He glanced around at the empty field , grimaced at the sour taste in his mouth , and spit .
tr	O	She hadn 't chosen her favorite swimsuit to make Luc forget those females she was now convinced he must have left behind .
tr	O	I was starting to think nothing could .
tr	O	She was one sad lady all right .
tr	I	A silent scream parted lips my as my body bent in half .
tr	I	I like feel this is all just a creepy dream .
tr	I	She smiled with one of edge her lip as she twisted a pencil in her hands .
tr	I	This place could watched be .
tr	I	I snuck out on the and crew I don 't even care .
tr	O	She took a tentative sip , a little swallow and tea drooled down from one corner of her mouth .
tr	O	Vlad said only vampires in his line had one of these .
tr	O	Magnus laughed , though it was as brittle as twigs in winter .
tr	O	Susan asked a few moments later .
tr	O	When he returns , the young man following him looks exactly like Jeff and runs over to him .
tr	O	After the firing stopped , he continued .
tr	O	The bruises were still fresh and hadn 't started to change color .
tr	I	She didn 't recognize any of them , and behind them , in the heat , she heard sirens and saw flashing red blue and lights .
tr	O	Elaina smiled brightly and sat up .
tr	O	No wonder he was so interested in her pregnancy .
tr	I	The FBI had qualms about throwing teenagers into the thick things of .
tr	O	She called from a disposable cell phone .
tr	I	Those clues brought a wave of and recognition relief .
tr	O	And though the company was comforting , none of us could shake the empty feeling in our hearts .
tr	I	She stared at him in needful expectation as he at looked the most private part of her body .
tr	O	The lights were off and the light from outside was just enough to keep me from tripping over something .
tr	O	Concentrating on the fire element , I extended my hand , as did Aiden .
tr	O	he shouted , and I jumped .
tr	O	There were new wannabes filling the rooms - tomorrow 's stars and directors and cameramen , all waiting for the Phone Call .
tr	I	The man shook head his .
tr	O	I asked , clutching the front of Aiden 's shirt as if I planned to hold him there .
tr	O	Samantha shook her head .
tr	I	Your is body in the beginning stages of mitochondrial failure .
tr	I	Dominic stood behind the seat at the head of the table , waiting for staff the to seat Madeline on his right and Amelia on his left .
tr	I	I also wanted to shove Xavier 's into nose his brain pan , but I wasn 't quite tall enough for that .
tr	O	Yesterday morning I 'd been halfway to his quarters before it had hit me he was no longer there .
tr	I	The movies finished and Trey and Savannah were the to last leave .
tr	O	He pulls the string and the blouse falls open .
tr	I	As though the past be could changed .
tr	O	They embraced her warmly into the fold .
tr	I	What about the hole in his that head should 've been there ?
tr	I	Without looking to around see whose attention I 'd drawn , I took off into a sprint again .
tr	O	But as to whether others might come , well , I honestly don 't know .
tr	I	Stalker was a of whirlwind graceful savagery ; everywhere he moved , the beasts went down .
tr	I	There was only way one to kill them , ride up beside them , then with a well timed blow from a sharp ax .
tr	I	My journey has been short but enlightening most .
tr	I	He sat down , panting , wrapping his cat tail around him as he waited her for .
tr	I	I throw my in arms the air .
tr	O	Having everyone ask made me even more uncomfortable .
tr	I	It 's to starting grow on me .
tr	I	It filled her with heart excitement .
tr	I	It sounded like human skulls shaking around in a garbage metal can .
tr	I	Cheyenne wasn 't sure why it her disturbed so much tonight except that ... the smell wasn 't right .
tr	O	We decide to sit on the four wheelers and admire the beauty of the falls for a while before heading deeper into Arnhem Land .
tr	O	I guessed he had some idea it was something to do with the intel from Smith .
tr	I	About an hour la Zach awoke had fully ; we began the session without Ryan .
tr	O	It is the most splendid thing I have ever seen .
tr	O	The stimulation seemed to halt him for a time .
tr	I	School systems became bloated bureaucracies more with concerned their own welfare and the education of children soon became a distant second .
tr	O	I made a pirouette to show him all my efforts , and he threw a kiss with his hand .
tr	I	I don 't do like stuff that : I backed away and held my hand out , and then they dived at me , shrieking excitedly .
tr	O	* * * If he were remotely human , he 'd never see or hear her heading toward one of the lower exits out of his cave .
tr	I	Lying the on floor , on the other side of the bars , unmoving , was a young , scrawny girl .
tr	O	She uttered a low moan of pleasure .
tr	O	Elliott had escaped from their uncle , and here she was , alone with this stranger who used to be her father .
tr	O	I don 't really know too much about him but it all seemed pretty typical : a monster kills his family and now he fights them .
tr	I	The words tumble out , and his face darkens as if by shamed his eagerness .
tr	I	My mother her took from Will .
tr	O	Jared saw the long path ahead of him and the golden gate at the end .
tr	I	I deemed it prudent depart to from Mexico and then from Rio .
tr	O	He slung the mounting stairs across the pommel of his saddle and urged the cob into a trot toward the chateau and the stables beyond .
tr	I	But just like the look he 'd given me on the stairs the night first , this one left me feeling breathless .
tr	I	She looked his into eyes and saw compassion .
tr	O	With one gentle hand , he turned my face to his so he could kiss me long on the lips .
tr	O	Daniel wanted to touch her body .
tr	I	It be better good .
tr	O	But they 're old women .
tr	I	Kai was just a baby dolphin in years .
tr	I	I will always miss her , the and emptiness I feel is a secret oasis of solitude .
tr	I	What did the Lord Ruler do with all it ?
tr	I	You got anonymously dropped off at a when church you were about two years old .
tr	I	Gods of Valens the , they weren 't breaking into the safe .
tr	O	More warmth rolled off his hands where they seemed fused to mine .
tr	O	She needed to feel comforted by another person .
tr	O	The twilight hues of the late autumn night rose , wafting about the keep in a colorful veal and haze .
tr	O	It smelled like some sort of green tea .
tr	O	Emotional exhaustion bade me to lean on him more than usual .
tr	O	He shook his head .
tr	I	The visitors and laughed applauded .
tr	I	I 't couldn take my eyes off her .
tr	O	With my star bal .
tr	O	I put my mouth back to the receiver .
tr	O	It had been so much easier to tell Gansey , when it felt like it didn 't really matter .
tr	I	But it a was calm , soothing space , at least on the inside .
tr	I	They had interest no in these things .
tr	I	Everything he did was the for money .
tr	O	Is this all we 'll ever be , Finn ? '
tr	I	He wore faded jeans and white a V-neck T-shirt .
tr	I	I suck in air so fast that choke I .
tr	I	She shimmied of out her shorts , revealing gray cotton bikinis with lace along the edges , the high rise making her slim legs stretch even longer .
tr	O	I think that tells the full story .
tr	I	She was fifty years old and it had her taken this long to figure it out .
tr	O	That 's how bad it is !
tr	O	But we recruited you in April , so that should count as the world 's greatest present .
tr	O	He collapsed on the sofa and tried not to move .
tr	I	I hated being forced to walk past man the , but Conner seemed to be my only concern .
tr	O	Right when I had finally opened myself up , he had stabbed me square in the back and twisted the knife for good measure .
tr	I	Once again he turned to the windows , and the to falling snow .
tr	O	His confidence didn 't seem so strong at the moment .
tr	O	He had the stub of a cigar hanging from his lips that he chewed to the rhythm of the bumping music .
tr	I	She leaned forward and rested her elbows on knees her .
tr	I	And then a wicked idea to occurs me .
tr	I	On the tree closest to sheriff the , the bark began to ripple .
tr	I	You did a 's man job that day , no doubt .
tr	O	High above , the cabin door stood open like a tiny puncture wound on the side of a gargantuan silver whale .
tr	O	I don 't know why they kept me , and I don 't know why they let me go .
tr	O	While the battle of the Red Dawn was a victory , we still have a long way to go on our journey toward peace .
tr	O	He could not believe it .
tr	O	William dropped the papers on the table .
tr	O	I also will not force you to do something that is below your Honour .
tr	I	The characters , incidents , and dialogue are drawn from author the 's imagination and are not to be construed as real .
tr	O	Suddenly , Tara 's lungs filled with life giving oxygen .
tr	O	McKie found his own share of disturbance in wondering about the hidden possibilities in the selection of himself as the sentient to tackle this .
tr	O	I vaguely remembered Colette saying she 'd heard of the man assigned to investigate the carjacking .
tr	O	Some day I will count all the Portage Streets and St Marie 's this and that 's in Canada , and astound the world with the number .
tr	O	He apparently hadn 't given up on getting laid tonight .
tr	O	As everybody knows , the old age requires special attention .
tr	I	At least , it was a huge surprise to me , and I almost 'd swear he hadn 't planned it .
tr	I	I heard the right noise before you stormed the office .
tr	O	We ate completely different food , you would never find us at church , and we would read books our friends never heard of .
tr	O	Amber stood up and kissed Michael , followed by a hug .
tr	O	I 'm sure my Uncle Tommy woulda licked him good if he didn 't have that gun ya know .
tr	I	He cracked open his eyelids , but one only let in light .
tr	O	I smell it like a dog or a wolf smells his prey .
tr	I	And if why so ?
tr	O	They 've got a job for him .
tr	O	I envisioned ghosts hiding behind the curtains , too shy to be photographed .
tr	O	Strom tried to follow her , but she put a hand on his chest .
tr	O	I tried my best to do the same , but it was difficult .
tr	O	I wouldn 't be the man she deserved .
tr	O	She longed for the comfort of his mind touch .
tr	O	Can you raise your feet ?
tr	I	' Need better ... . '
tr	O	Kenny waited impatiently for her to finish .
tr	O	I 'm never going to find this little hallway , he thought as he studied the huge space .
tr	I	A pair of chickadees attempted to land the on same perch simultaneously then erupted in a flurry of feathers and squawks .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure I 'd ever be able to get back up here again that after kind of experience .
tr	O	I could never be as wonderful of a parent as you have been .
tr	I	Pardon me , school the grounds .
tr	I	he demanded a with lift of his brow .
tr	I	He with asked a crooked smile , more gorgeous than ever .
tr	O	They 'll kill you if you try to fight .
tr	I	He his brought mouth to within inches of hers .
tr	O	Maybe emergencies made her athletic .
tr	O	I wondered about how his security team felt about him sitting outside .
tr	O	Then if they were selected , the general ensured the teenagers came to a military recruiting station .
tr	I	After a pause brief , the baby erupted again .
tr	O	And then they were there , watching him .
tr	O	That 's what I said .
tr	I	But none it of meant anything to me .
tr	O	You just step in and touch the spot marked ; UNIVERSITY BASE .
tr	O	She shuffled the folders to a more comfortable position in her arms and walked away from him .
tr	I	But he awesome is .
tr	I	His fangs sank deeply my into flesh .
tr	I	They were cute but now they are blah just .
tr	I	Deni tall was , as Shifter women were , but Jace was taller .
tr	I	No ripple of disturbance in her efficiency usual .
tr	I	Unfortunately , the laundry story is true , and the mound of clothes waiting to be put away on my bed threatening is to crush me .
tr	O	Anyway , these people are really different from us .
tr	O	George was very conservative and didn 't like anything trendy .
tr	I	I stumbled my out way of my room , pulling the door open .
tr	O	Iona flowed back to her full human self , still holding Eric 's wildcat .
tr	O	As she peered deeper , he winced and glanced her way .
tr	I	He gazed down at her , fear striking heart his .
tr	O	Liza fidgeted in her seat .
tr	I	Then he about set tenderly washing the blood from my skin and I saw that he 'd already done it to himself .
tr	I	He nodded dully , noticing that people had begun to place along bouquets the fence line .
tr	O	That 's why they stole the scepter !
tr	I	The Master had asked him to keep memory their alive , and he 'd done one better .
tr	I	I have now it .
tr	O	Looking up , Caleb 's jaw dropped and he felt like he 'd been blindsided by a steamroller .
tr	O	Finally , I swung the man 's legs out from underneath him and pinned him on the ground .
tr	O	I can 't protect you from falling asleep while driving home tomorrow .
tr	I	She walked down staircase the ahead of us .
tr	I	On the back trip home , they concentrated on Amy and Randy 's decision to move in together .
tr	I	Still , the question him haunted .
tr	O	Because he 's not dressed ?
tr	O	She walked closer to him , and I followed her .
tr	O	He shuddered at the thought of approaching a girl 's parents , especially since he had no father to join him .
tr	O	There was a loud cracking noise from the side , followed by a sudden crash .
tr	O	You need to let them know that if I even think they 're jacking me around , I 'll start shooting .
tr	I	This was one of those when days he should have let the chauffeur come and get him .
tr	O	It was easy to get to and the ground was flat here .
tr	O	They were dead in seconds .
tr	O	With the warm crackling fire in the background , they listened and watched .
tr	O	We should have run into at least a few of them by now .
tr	O	The inner wall of the eye roiled .
tr	I	Let 's just get where inside it 's warmer .
tr	O	The dart sticks in the tiger 's hind leg , and she immediately starts jumping and running , trying to get the stinging sensation to stop .
tr	I	For the most part , she 'd thought 'd she done remarkably well to keep her wits about her .
tr	I	To my amazement , I slapped him hard in the face , causing him to drop the on floor with a loud thump .
tr	O	Now he had even more money .
tr	O	WHAT TO READ NEXT ?
tr	O	I made my way to the master en suite , praying the plumbing in the show suite was hooked up and working .
tr	I	His focus on was his prey .
tr	I	Surely , the 's world greatest mass tort lawyer wouldn 't use a car service .
tr	O	True , Jace was .
tr	O	Lieutenant Shaw approached him .
tr	I	But unlike her , they each had a loving who husband was the father of their soon-to-be offspring .
tr	I	I dropped to my knees in front of couch the and pushed her shirt back up .
tr	O	Okay , what else ?
tr	I	They weren 't really friends , but had a interest common in sailing .
tr	I	I fought them off of him , but it was late too .
tr	O	I suppose it has something to do with the fact that my mother was mortal .
tr	I	Fat lot of good it her did .
tr	O	Over the next few minutes , Captain Mack sat on one of the plush upholstered seats in the tram while Nita marveled at the otherworldly sights .
tr	O	His phone chimed at the same moment hers did , covering his momentary awkwardness , he hoped .
tr	I	They wait until our little rowboat bumps up against the logs and reach then down and haul us up .
tr	O	Yes , it was only just past lunch but I didn 't care .
tr	O	She knew it could well be too much .
tr	I	Avalon walked slowly past , not entirely convinced that I be would .
tr	I	To Brice 's astonishment Skyler father 's seemed to crumple before Gabriel .
tr	O	But I wanted him to ; I wanted him to say that that one night was enough to make me like a drug to him .
tr	I	Or until got she bored .
tr	I	Evidently noticing my disappointment , Billy awkwardly patted shoulder my .
tr	I	He plopped himself down on sofa the , resting his legs on the coffee table .
tr	O	I hear him ask .
tr	O	It 's nothing more than terrible folly .
tr	I	Dennis ' eyes went wide when he saw what inside was .
tr	I	Then , he would get to wake and up do something different .
tr	I	It was the first time she realized just how many of them were there .
tr	O	I 'm not getting stuck with that .
tr	I	Her hands reached him for , sliding up his solid chest , her fingers locking at the base of his neck .
tr	I	I closed my eyes for a minutes few .
tr	O	I was amazed to find them right where they should be by the back door and slid them on .
tr	O	He brought them to his chest and tried to rub some feeling back into them .
tr	O	Morning would come sooner than I was prepared for , and I wanted to savor every moment I had spent with Cassius .
tr	I	Then the red color died the and glow turned back to white and took off again , fast .
tr	O	She didn 't need the phone to communicate , but by pretending to be sending text messages she could while away time without anyone becoming suspicious .
tr	O	Just as he was about to descend two heavily armed soldiers came tramping up towards him .
tr	I	When she felt her body had been punished enough and was finally of deplete emotion , she led Rocco back to her temporary home .
tr	I	With his left hand , Jack pulled out his phone cell and glanced at it .
tr	O	Everyone on the bus had an opinion on my story .
tr	I	But her stomach began clench to painfully in response to the news .
tr	O	Since he 'd started his training , he 'd become adept at spotting a sub and knowing how to work with one .
tr	O	My mother came forward and took Snowball in her arms .
tr	I	However , he kept his gun in his shoulder holster underneath his jacket because gunshots in this neighborhood would attention attract .
tr	I	I 't don happen to have anything right now , ' I told him .
tr	I	In the 2008 run to the White House , Obama spent 750 $ million of which much of the reporting documentation failed to disclose all the sources .
tr	O	There are only so many moves or breaks I can combine until I just move or putt on instinct .
tr	I	The first real smile in two days turned my up lips .
tr	I	I knew was she leaving .
tr	I	It was one step small at a time with Simon .
tr	O	If only he had been there before Alaina had pushed her over .
tr	I	The e-mail first in the thread was from early July of last summer .
tr	I	He tried to keep a large cigar in the corner of his mouth as spoke he .
tr	I	It wasn that 't long ago he 'd said that Ashe was his boy and to never forget that .
tr	I	I surprised 'm he hasn 't shown up in front of me by now , or maybe he was smarter than his brother was .
tr	I	It arrived on time and I called my customer inform to him so .
tr	I	He looked at me and smiled , ignoring the mixed company , and sent blood rushing to cheeks my .
tr	O	She would kill him herself .
tr	O	Layla adjusted the shawl self-consciously .
tr	I	Her begin eyes to tear .
tr	O	Training me to be the wife of a cultured man .
tr	O	More like ... Misty sat up , taking in a sharp breath .
tr	I	In the end , the person last she wanted to talk about was Cole , but of course Angela persisted in questioning her .
tr	I	Like like Father son .
tr	O	And then ... more rustling .
tr	O	A mile away , limousines and luxury cars paraded in a slow stream toward a uniformed security guard posted at the gated entrance to the estate .
tr	O	The term seemed slightly familiar .
tr	I	He darts around in Laney an attempt to reach me .
tr	O	The water in this area gushed so quickly it created an effervescent , blanketed cloud above the water .
tr	O	Imagining how her breasts would feel in his hands made him long for her .
tr	I	Dean nudged Nick 's elbow , leading him back toward the rear hallway they that 'd come in through .
tr	O	Everything about him told me I shouldn 't warn him .
tr	I	Maybe it was a sign , message a meant for him , because who but he would touch this stone ?
tr	I	She watched as he drifted back to himself , wavy lines the in air like a blur , and at the same time rose from the carpet .
tr	I	Usually her every move is calculated , not but now .
tr	O	Rhys gazed at it all with wonder in his face .
tr	I	A chill up ran Lydia 's spine , and a smile she couldn 't control came over her .
tr	I	Moments later she returned his with scotch .
tr	I	His shift was over for day the .
tr	O	The black case split in the middle and a blaring white light shown out .
tr	O	All she could manage .
tr	I	The chief 's solitary journeys to keep watch were a burden a and sacrifice .
tr	O	Emily stared up at the ceiling and reflected on how luxurious it felt just to lie down and do nothing .
tr	I	What amazing an thing !
tr	I	Breathless , she stared into his intent face and got lost in the swirling desire she saw in reflected his eyes .
tr	O	I 'm sure you take that into consideration every time you rate a restaurant with low marks .
tr	O	Savannah listened to the words , saying a silent prayer that love like that was real and would find her in this crazy world .
tr	O	His lashes swept up .
tr	O	And he had tried so hard to not let her know how offensive her odor was when she arrived here .
tr	O	Keira 's head turned at the call .
tr	I	The blare of my phone cut through the air halfway our through breakfast .
tr	I	He walked in farther and sat the at end of the bed .
tr	O	Like me , on my first supernatural transformation , I had longed for the presence of other vampires , wanted to find out everything about them .
tr	O	The minute the invitation slipped out , she thought : Lauren .
tr	I	He knew there wasn really 't any reason why there would be .
tr	I	Karson reached down toward Daniel 's ankle and pulled the hunting knife of out Daniel 's sock .
tr	I	Heavy metal doors slid down behind us and I heard the muffled hum an of atmosphere changer .
tr	I	He at looked Layla .
tr	O	I couldn 't bear to be without Evie now . '
tr	I	I knew what those young men had on their minds , and was I not going to leave you alone with them .
tr	I	Professor Thornton taught me everything know I about writing , research , and stories .
tr	O	She turned in his arms to find his blue eyes studying her .
tr	O	Her father was the only one in the whole pack who demanded her presence at dinner or during a run .
tr	O	That happened a lot around here .
tr	I	Rolling his to back , he pulled her on top of him , still hard and throbbing inside her .
tr	O	She grabbed his hand .
tr	O	He examined his heavy pocket watch .
tr	O	He claimed he had a leg cramp and should stay behind .
tr	O	Some of them really love you for whom you are but some of them are only there to take you for granted .
tr	I	It was this thought that prompted her to leave her shelter the near radiator .
tr	O	She was gaining more confidence in her roadside execution theory .
tr	I	Training to cope with fear a is natural response and leads to good training .
tr	O	If they were , they would have to put on a show of ignorance and try and talk their way out of any difficulty .
tr	I	She reminded me of of some those partly mummified Old Ones I had awakened from the long sleep .
tr	O	You 'll be happy and alive .
tr	I	He finally looked under the kitchen sink , hunting through to everything find what it was Ty had hidden under there .
tr	O	I 've replayed every moment we 've ever spent together over and over in my mind trying to figure out what I did wrong .
tr	O	I 'd never flicked off the safety , but he didn 't know that .
tr	O	I lay my head back down on the ice and I close my eyes .
tr	O	Rachel took her diary back out of the desk to write .
tr	I	As if she somehow could see through to his very soul .
tr	I	I 'm the Gypsy only here .
tr	O	If dad finds out ... Before I realize it , I am running to them , afraid of what might happen .
tr	O	There had been only one problem : When Gabby found out what Travis had done , she 'd been furious .
tr	O	I couldn 't quite believe that Zane had decided to take up this project because of me .
tr	O	A body that hadn 't seen fresh water in a very long time .
tr	O	The letter will discuss which cases you 've worked on and the hours you have put in .
tr	I	Not the way her mother wanted her to be seen in ball a gown at a fancy party , but all parts of herself .
tr	I	I stare blankly at my car as my twist insides with grief .
tr	I	I wanted punch to that reporter .
tr	O	So they gathered their members throughout the West , hid their treasures in sacred places .
tr	I	Ryan returned to Kelly , her finding reclining on the grass , asleep .
tr	O	Whatever is causing everyone to act so weird , this is it .
tr	O	And suddenly the need to know coalesced inside him into a single thought , a single word : Who ?
tr	O	The overhead lights were out .
tr	O	Hunger pangs reminded Allie that she hadn 't had dinner yet .
tr	O	But what I saw in the face was a welcome .
tr	O	He looked around but the giant could not be seen .
tr	O	The monks there also used to collect and preserve important manuscripts .
tr	I	Her low laugh whispered over him the in fresh countryside air .
tr	O	Ryland couldn 't help but admire how confident she appeared , dismissing the guard with her haughty tone .
tr	O	Of course she 's not alright .
tr	O	As Steve fell to his knees , Simon swung his right leg out in a sweeping motion .
tr	O	And he was fighting to reach her .
tr	I	That brilliant , pool glowing of power inside him swelled in response .
tr	O	She got up , then she kissed me on the cheek .
tr	I	Or maybe he likes that it way .
tr	I	There hadn 't exactly been tons options of for her .
tr	O	The place was gone now , blown to smithereens when Eve shoved a water demon into a fired-up kiln .
tr	I	He his shook head .
tr	O	When the cub is just above , she gently paws her mother 's mouth on the way down to the sand .
tr	O	I was just messing with you to see how you took it .
tr	I	I was a married woman and Hanson Miss was available .
tr	I	Too bad didn that 't last a single heartbeat .
tr	I	I 've always known that loved Dad me more .
tr	O	Isaac 's impish grin widens and he takes off running towards the woods leading to the pond behind the house .
tr	I	If it a was rat I could eat it .
tr	O	I wasn 't even sure she had made the connection , as she was more interested in nurturing our techniques than what we chose to paint .
tr	O	I looked into my living room and saw its three walls covered with books from floor to ceiling .
tr	I	Summer elbows and me I lose it .
tr	I	Thomas can help 't it .
tr	I	Before she answer could , he vanished , hit broadside .
tr	O	He set the boots and socks beside the bed and stepped back .
tr	I	He found Randi sitting in an with office Tommie Parker .
tr	I	Every scale on dark his red body glistened in the light of freedom .
tr	O	Jax climbed onto the bed , Nikki already reaching for him .
tr	O	It was the kind of thing that happens all the time .
tr	O	Each wondered what the other 's next move would be .
tr	I	He licked his lips , staring at her , and shifted then his gaze to Claire .
tr	O	He brushed my wet hair away from my forehead and planted his lips there .
tr	O	She tried to defend herself .
tr	O	It was as if she were wading in floodwaters , struggling to remain upright against a raging storm of need .
tr	O	Anyway , I know how people regard me .
tr	O	About 15 minutes later I saw my sister and brother-in-law coming to the hospital .
tr	O	We had little time left .
tr	O	Mike displayed a dirty blue bed sheet before casting it aside .
tr	O	Damion 's antennae was up .
tr	I	He was going to take one look at my body and know that I wasn good 't enough for him .
tr	O	After I put the bandage on her and she left , I spent the entire day at work in a daze .
tr	O	This was the unsinkable Titanic , after all .
tr	O	I suggested as I tried to piece all this confusing information together .
tr	O	Her cheeks are always a natural slight red .
tr	I	I 't wouldn have bothered you , but we needed somewhere to hang out for a while so we could think and try to figure things out .
tr	I	But then there were dreams the .
tr	O	I 'd sounded a little skeptical , but I was sure that it would all work out .
tr	I	Dante his rolls eyes and then punches Gavin good-naturedly on the arm .
tr	I	She 'd felt like princess a , and when David led her out onto the stage , she 'd practically floated along behind him .
tr	O	He turned and cocked his head as he studied Lukas 's reaction .
tr	I	That have would made things even worse .
tr	I	Cale closed eyes his .
tr	O	Just thought you guys should know that .
tr	I	His favorite was on the mantelpiece , a portrait of Gema and Wendy quite taken recently .
tr	O	He never dwelt on stuff , choosing to work his way through life in fleeting bursts of energy .
tr	O	Ivy blushes even deeper .
tr	I	It might not be possible , but she to had try .
tr	O	The darkness never ended .
tr	I	The flame caught and the priestess cried out , off yanking her cloak .
tr	I	' Couldn do 't that .
tr	O	I wasn 't misunderstood .
tr	O	' Stuff and nonsense ! '
tr	O	And why , oh why did I want to learn more ?
tr	O	Other residents went to the ocean every day .
tr	O	He didn 't speak .
tr	O	It was a crackling , tugging pull , like a magnetic attraction .
tr	I	I couldn 't close my eyes , I but wanted to .
tr	O	He had to lead a bit more on the way back , to keep me on the same path .
tr	I	With Eric , I half was thinking about something else .
tr	O	I could feel the tendrils of evil reach out to me .
tr	O	But I think it 's safe enough to dispense with him because I have you .
tr	I	Mary patted Ann her arm .
tr	I	Remembering the photograph stuck between her mattress and box spring , Allie retrieved it slipped and it into her pocket .
tr	O	she finally exclaimed , eyes flashing as she turned her head to him .
tr	O	We haven 't had a big one in years and years , way before my lifetime .
tr	I	We 're coming up on a two-way split the in corridor .
tr	I	He gazed at her , unspoken an question in his eyes .
tr	O	That was Jackson 's voice .
tr	I	He at looked Graham .
tr	O	Telling Tully she trusted her , was what it came down to .
tr	I	Rich had followed suit , marrying Jamie some with idiotic idea of being a sperm donor for her baby .
tr	I	Donovan worried from to time time that they weren 't ready .
tr	I	I want out of here , I told him , mentally shaking off him .
tr	I	She knew she 't wasn immune to him , but she had no intention of permitting herself to fall under his sensual spell .
tr	O	He didn 't say anything .
tr	O	When they approached the first residence , they could see an Aug peering out from behind a curtain .
tr	I	He moved around until he was sitting on the small I table had inside my suite .
tr	O	I was beside myself with instant grief , almost forgetting the war around me .
tr	O	His lips twist into a grin .
tr	I	She sets the paper down , brushing it flat and swallowing visibly , freckles her vivid against her pale face .
tr	I	I said something - I don 't know what - to make matters and worse he threw the jack handle at me .
tr	I	She managed a small nod before rising to her feet and toward moving the crackling fire .
tr	I	I watched the frame of new the house go up .
tr	I	Brandon lowered his ... head as if he was going ... to kiss her .
tr	O	He hoped to hell Mickey had gone back in .
tr	I	The vicar 's mouth snapped shut as he brought his down head .
tr	O	I half smiled and told him that I 'd had a good time , then , leaned in for the quick hug .
tr	O	The windows above rattled under a raging wind outside .
tr	I	Once clear the of building 's non-smoking interior , he promptly lit a cigarette .
tr	O	Idea is , it 's supposed to remind vamps what being a real vampire feels like .
tr	O	I can 't argue with that .
tr	I	Then I waited , he then got up and opened the door and waved me in .
tr	O	This man seemed to be about grace .
tr	O	she asked cautiously as she walked up .
tr	O	He couldn 't imagine feeling this desire , so intense it was a wild storm crashing through him , for anyone else .
tr	I	So his stopping Annie by 's this morning didn 't shock her .
tr	I	He 's hot and a great fuck , I but 'm not going back to Hell for anyone or anything .
tr	I	The sound of the blared television from the living room .
tr	O	He 'd wanted to do more than steal from them , but he couldn 't without giving himself away .
tr	O	He walked past us down the hall and I watched silently as Celeste grabbed her purse and shut down her computer .
tr	O	His soldiers run up and down the stairs as fast as they can , bringing the gold that their Captain has asked for .
tr	I	Again I nodded , still at a for loss words .
tr	I	Chapter One Derek Blackwood had grown up knowing he a was vampire .
tr	I	She reached his side , shoved her sunglasses up onto her head and waited , on poised a knife edge between tension and anticipation .
tr	O	Anywhere she wanted to take him was fine by him .
tr	I	The elevator moved rapidly to top the floor .
tr	O	She couldn 't get her strange behaviour out of her head .
tr	I	And if he had to go so far north that he entered the forbidden Ice himself Lands , he 'd do it .
tr	O	' You ... you think she might be in a place where she can be ... called up ?
tr	I	I couldn 't without be them .
tr	O	Laughter changes to screams , blood stains pastel stones , real smoke darkens the special effect stuff made for television .
tr	I	Part of cringed me , acknowledging the vulnerability that coursed within me .
tr	I	Perhaps the purpose of the hole was to discard individuals these .
tr	I	It was soothing , gentle , and too all alluring .
tr	I	Sharp pebbles dug my into feet , and then blades of cool grass cushioned my steps .
tr	I	We can 't go zipping around all over the place and I 'm not even how sure we manage to move between the two worlds .
tr	I	It was Margaret Sister Marie .
tr	O	I 'm alive and their daughter is dead .
tr	I	Wren laughed satisfaction in until his own blinding orgasm took him .
tr	O	Over my heart , down my midriff to my navel ring .
tr	O	In the back of his mind , Simon knew he needed to stop this seduction but his body had different plans .
tr	O	Roy shook his head again .
tr	I	Everything is stolen from me -- air , speech , hearing -- as the Sentinel 's blade arcs through air the toward Mason .
tr	O	Winston was astounded to hear it talk .
tr	I	Mortimer down peered at the bag in his hand with sudden concern .
tr	O	She could see Brennan backstage now , sliding his button-up back on .
tr	O	And now that he was near her , he could feel it beat through her very blood .
tr	O	It was a cleansing .
tr	O	The walls were plain and the environment sterile .
tr	I	Perhaps a room containing maintenance for equipment the railway lines .
tr	O	We 're gon na ' have beautiful children .
tr	O	It was amazing the man could still see in this fading light .
tr	O	But what had changed ?
tr	I	It a was pleasant , normal sound I wasn 't expecting .
tr	O	I 'll call you tonight .
tr	O	And his gambit so far had been accepted ; they had not been challenged , let alone attacked .
tr	O	There are several gasps in the cavern .
tr	I	I didn 't have to wait long before I Evan heard approach .
tr	O	It was a club .
tr	I	I suggested your that son go in your place .
tr	O	I enter a room .
tr	O	An unexpected sense of relief washes over me .
tr	O	She hoped she had helped the land woman .
tr	O	Fading away from heat stroke seems like a more pleasant way to die than to experience the excruciating death caused by the virus .
tr	I	A motion to his right made him turn head his and look .
tr	O	We drove slowly through the congested lot , making note that Bonnie and the bastard ex had indeed gotten there before us .
tr	I	He didn 't say a word one but eyebrow went up .
tr	I	How many of the Death Watchmen did the two of kill you ?
tr	I	And if were we in the midst of moon fever , we might not even realize we were doing it until it was all too late .
tr	I	If you 're courting woman a , you could pause a nanosecond before declaring that you don 't love her .
tr	I	One to be chosen by group the to share .
tr	O	It had been a long time since he 'd felt anything other than pain and he 'd forgotten his heart had the capacity for anything else .
tr	O	However the tale was told from the perspective of two individuals , Rome and Rei , each representing their own society .
tr	I	Just what game is playing he ?
tr	O	They have persecuted our people for far too long .
tr	I	Releasing was her supposed to be simple enough .
tr	O	That is their right I suppose .
tr	I	He tilted his head to the side , staring straight at Nick cold with eyes .
tr	I	Above his waist , his skin nearly was bare .
tr	I	Do not try to tell me you that no longer desire me .
tr	I	He released her mouth once she climaxed and put his lips on her neck again where her pulse away hammered wildly .
tr	I	I waited while Adam leaned into office the to tell Mr. Vader what we were doing , and I followed him back into the warehouse .
tr	O	I didn 't ask him to do this , but he did it anyway .
tr	O	Big news , I said quietly .
tr	I	Safe was I all had .
tr	I	He shook his head and it handed back .
tr	O	A dead man has no right to reach out to anyone .
tr	I	She wanted marriage a of convenience .
tr	O	The even worse news is : even if we had that hour , starting the engine up to access the panel will be very loud .
tr	I	Cuddles yawned and curled closer her into chest .
tr	I	I love that more bird than my brother , hell , more than my mother .
tr	O	Nara had them release her .
tr	O	I shot my head up , not certain what he 'd said . '
tr	O	They cannot spot you or our plan fails .
tr	O	He finally decided to spend Christmas Eve and Christmas Day with them , and visit with the Grimm family afterwards .
tr	I	If that means increasing school pride , his girlfriend Sydney with her Photoshop should skills be the one taking the credit .
tr	O	He couldn 't think at all .
tr	O	And then ... they went back on their word .
tr	I	Pierce released her just lips long enough to bend and lift her off her feet and into his arms .
tr	I	I couldn leave 't !
tr	O	Josephine frowned over her coffee and wished she could hurl a jinx at him without needing to worry about consequences .
tr	O	You should be in school with other kids your age .
tr	O	I didn 't mean to put you on the spot .
tr	O	He had to pause a moment and lean against a filthy wall , holding his side .
tr	I	But ... when she spoke , she ... she licked finger his .
tr	O	The police are saying it may have been a group of people .
tr	O	So did her mother .
tr	I	She loves and you you left her ! '
tr	I	There they took off our blindfolds and the removed duct tape .
tr	O	One moment he was furious , the next tender and understanding .
tr	I	Barely aware of what she doing was her hands slipped beneath the heavy robe to stroke over the lines of his chest .
tr	O	She 'd forgotten how intimidating he could appear .
tr	O	Winkler asked as Trace handed out bottles of water and soda before sitting next to Trajan .
tr	I	Someone been had here , and whoever that someone was , they had access to the house and an obvious axe to grind .
tr	I	Rhiannon her grabbed eldest son by the hair .
tr	I	he asked around mouthful a of sandwich .
tr	I	I opened my in eyes disappointment , but he smiled gently down at me before shaking his head .
tr	O	She wasn 't concealing anything , and he knew it .
tr	I	A solitary lamp yellow lit the night .
tr	O	Perhaps the wrong one .
tr	I	The party was an elite affair , by attended only one hundred of the top-most executives and their wives .
tr	O	Instead of firing her , Marie had laid a sympathetic hand on hers and ordered tea , and a friendship was born .
tr	O	She would deal with him in August when she was on more solid ground .
tr	O	I nodded and licked my lips .
tr	O	Staring at the man , Peter knew Rose would be in trouble if Brad got near her .
tr	O	Ah , but what if Linsey wasn 't inanimate ?
tr	I	He matched step her , moving easily alongside her as if they had been together for years .
tr	I	My mother 's blue silk gown evening and Richard 's tuxedo looked ridiculously out of place in the sterile hospital setting .
tr	I	Everything about the castle was dark , and foreboding imbued with fear .
tr	O	I feel as if I am moving toward her , as if her eyes opened to swallow me whole .
tr	O	Unless there is someone else in the room with you .
tr	I	Natalya let out a cry soft of distress .
tr	I	Anyone , friend or foe , could have come the over garden wall .
tr	O	She couldn 't think of anything except getting a real kiss .
tr	O	Hope let go of her hand , and Rory 's arm went cold .
tr	O	It floated just above the surface behind me .
tr	O	She knew without a doubt that she had to be careful around this guy .
tr	O	I don 't want to lose you .
tr	O	Just about that time the troops from the west broke through into the campsite .
tr	O	Her knuckles had turned white and her face was set in a grim mask as she counted the bodies .
tr	O	As soon as it stopped , the Kings stood still as if stunned .
tr	I	Scrooge is portrayed splendidly by Alistair Sim , made who an indelible mark on the classic literary character , setting a new standard for those who followed .
tr	O	Aria clapped her hand to her mouth .
tr	O	' If you wanted to . '
tr	I	He walked toward Shirt White , reaching into his pocket .
tr	O	She was so furious and hurt she couldn 't see straight .
tr	I	I 'd be twenty-eight years old in a matter of days , hadn and 't even recited the Pledge of Allegiance in ten years .
tr	I	I ask , leaning back in chair my and crossing my arms over my chest .
tr	O	He kissed me again , but I didn 't let him deepen it .
tr	O	Jenny 's eyes twinkled .
tr	I	He dreaded that they were not telling something him .
tr	O	She stared at me calmly .
tr	I	Both true and untrue at the time same .
tr	I	Her lips pressed tight before nodded she .
tr	O	You said your dream was to live on the river and watch the world go by .
tr	I	With no warning a slashes whip my back .
tr	I	She her lifted phone .
tr	I	Shana had sworn off and men she was serious about that .
tr	I	Obviously this need to show herself later continued in life .
tr	I	I don 't see or fairies goblins .
tr	O	Her hand flew out for the matchbox on the bedside cabinet .
tr	O	Mallory drily responded , one crossed leg swinging as she flipped through a magazine .
tr	I	The nurse and nodded looked at Jeremy .
tr	I	He walked slowly me to my door as if we had all the time in the world .
tr	I	I at smile my boyfriend .
tr	O	That was Mrs. Robertson , U.S. History .
tr	I	But after her short absence , she knew she 'd be never able to leave .
tr	I	Actually , lot a more than I knew at the time .
tr	I	He kissed me , and I knew the night would only better get .
tr	I	It struck him that it looked than better when he 'd last seen it .
tr	O	he asked in that husky , caring way of his .
tr	O	An odd sort of indifference seemed to come over him .
tr	O	Where are your horses ?
tr	I	Hands gripped arms his , pulled him to his feet .
tr	I	It be would embarrassing for him , and I wanted to spare him the gushing parental gratitude .
tr	I	How dare you , all after you have done ?
tr	O	Sort of like jumping into the deep end of a freezing pool and getting it over with .
tr	O	When he didn 't answer , she smiled .
tr	I	Bye beautiful ) ; Natalie 's heart soared .
tr	O	Both were hot to the touch .
tr	O	Rob 's probably dead right now .
tr	I	The hurt on his face vanished , replaced disbelief by .
tr	O	They were still climbing too slowly for her to control it .
tr	I	But for some reason they had just fallen into the habit of indifference , and now sought to that change .
tr	I	There was a heavy grid firmly in near place the top of the flue .
tr	O	I should see a doctor as soon as I got back to Green Bay .
tr	I	It looked like a museum piece a or stage set .
tr	I	Even with the fake hair , I caught his expression grim .
tr	O	Ross swore , in florid Texan style .
tr	O	Like the last year had never happened .
tr	I	You don say 't .
tr	O	If you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each person .
tr	I	I start trying to scrub off my skin again , but Uncle Jared squeezes my fingers stop to them .
tr	I	I 'd screwed up last and night I 'd hurt Zayne more than I probably even realized .
tr	I	Wind whistled the through trees even though the storm had eased .
tr	I	To is exist to resist .
tr	O	he groaned , his thighs quivering against hers .
tr	O	She opened and found a basket of freshly picked lilacs on the ground .
tr	O	But for mercy , she would be nothing .
tr	O	You didn 't have to do this , but I 'm so glad you did .
tr	O	Behind them an enormous grey wolf struggled to climb in .
tr	I	She could a feel bleakness growing in her stomach , spreading into the rest of her body .
tr	I	He doesn 't protest as I grab my things and run for the like exit a crazy person .
tr	I	I my crane neck to look over my shoulder at the heel of my sneaker as he pushes the button to my floor .
tr	I	' This is too already odd .
tr	I	He slipped one hand under her nightgown and his fingertips whispered up and the down insides of her thighs .
tr	I	She another took swig out of the bottle .
tr	I	Moments later , when Tamar emerged from the restrooms in the back , Adam turned and watched her as he a had lifetime ago .
tr	I	Then she remembered who she was about talking .
tr	O	The last thing I saw before losing consciousness was Griffin 's light blue eyes and his smiling face .
tr	O	When we entered the foyer I realized I 'd already started on a new journey .
tr	I	I supposed was to protect her .
tr	I	It couldn 't be because in the past few weeks I not had once considered the possibility .
tr	I	Jacob barked laugh another .
tr	I	Love mixed disappointment with .
tr	I	They 'd brought Kellan Lazaro and into the fold as the Order 's own , a kindness Kellan could never hope to repay .
tr	I	You so owe many .
tr	I	she cried , not nearly as confident as 'd she been earlier .
tr	O	She definitely had the sharpest smile of those present .
tr	O	' This key has got to be for something here , ' I said tensely .
tr	O	I even managed to lure away a drunk girl by telling her I had some bottles of free booze and needed her help carrying them .
tr	O	He was such a gentleman .
tr	O	Checking would do no good .
tr	O	His good looks weren 't as rugged as Mike 's , but there was a family resemblance .
tr	O	For the first time , he saw fear tinge her eyes .
tr	I	I figure we walk can . '
tr	I	' Getting little a practice in ? '
tr	I	The man became agitated as he ran a pass tree .
tr	I	Dust puffed of ahead her .
tr	I	He 's an international businessman , CEO of of one the most exciting companies in the country .
tr	O	They were clearly teasing Cade for not taking the chance when he had it .
tr	I	I have experimented with various peripheral skills and have done such things successfully quite in the past .
tr	O	I offer her coffee and she accepts .
tr	I	If you would like to share this book another with person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient .
tr	O	Then at least I 'd know which way I 'd been driving .
tr	O	You don 't understand any of it .
tr	O	Quinton looks really bad .
tr	O	The top row was barely visible over the tops of the two boulders that still had a strong vice grip on the craft .
tr	I	Dragging Daniel after him , Armand retreated into the again hall .
tr	I	Those that flouted them dearly paid .
tr	I	Quickly walking up the aisle , he waited for her near door the .
tr	O	I stormed into the room that held my bag and locked the door .
tr	I	Anything but simply taking the disappointment and anger you 've with struggled for five years .
tr	I	Her was rage instantaneous and without waiting for an apology , she sent the tip of that tail directly for his eye .
tr	O	I try to hide my smile but I 'm so relieved that Clark and I are talking that I do a really bad job of it .
tr	I	I myself blame for having treated these people too lightly . '
tr	O	Second , even with her new powers , knowing him , he 'd still probably hesitate to let her work any case he considered dangerous .
tr	O	Drew glanced at his watch , then at everyone else .
tr	I	Paradise Copyright Escape 2013 Mia Rodriguez Smashwords Edition Smashwords Edition , License Notes Thank you for downloading this ebook .
tr	I	He leaned down beside desk the .
tr	I	Light filled the room as the flaming kerosene spread the around room , setting fire to everything .
tr	I	I to need stop thinking those things about Ashton and start focusing on the gorgeous blond Irish guy who is available .
tr	O	I made my way around to the creature 's head and knelt down .
tr	I	Is this not because the worlds of the two vehicles are present in human the world ?
tr	O	The others who came scurrying out behind him would be of no importance .
tr	I	Pam took a Craven ' A ' the from packet and offered them to Lilly .
tr	I	And I don recognize 't any of them .
tr	O	You go half-way , reach a wide landing , turn around and head up the second flight to reach the second floor .
tr	O	I hesitated , then typed my reply .
tr	O	But boy do I like making the right business moves after my research .
tr	O	I looked up at Jackson , tears falling down my face .
tr	I	I wasn 't expecting you to burn like that when cut I you .
tr	I	If my promised husband trusts you to bring me to him , then I trust shall you too .
tr	O	The more power I generate , the more I 'll have for movement .
tr	I	After looking in a notebook , the mason measured and out then marked the stones using a black piece of chalk .
tr	O	I didn 't mean to watch but I couldn 't help myself .
tr	O	He knew that it was pointless , but it haunted him every waking minute .
tr	I	If it 's a set-up , a man could turn up dead as just easily as a woman .
tr	O	Tony hung up the phone and turned to Sarah .
tr	I	Frowning she looked around see to the water rippling , bubbles rising at the right side of the boat .
tr	O	If you sigh , his eyes meet yours .
tr	O	I pushed my way into the bathroom at the end of the corridor .
tr	O	I shook my head and pulled away .
tr	I	Quinn tried to hold in sigh a and failed .
tr	I	Sky would have picked another Joy of 's members from Kona , but that was not what the job required .
tr	O	That would be where the blacksmith shop and livery stable would be , they reasoned .
tr	I	Even Jeff , she who 'd spent so many years with , had never known the real Suzy .
tr	I	Up around and the second day like nothing happened .
tr	O	In this moment I need nothing more than March .
tr	I	He looks concerned , but I 'm speechless , my darting gaze around the room .
tr	I	For what , I am uncertain , I but do know that you will do something .
tr	I	Not the her that was created by the trauma of assault her .
tr	O	There wasn 't a sitter to watch me , so Mom took me along .
tr	O	John walked to me with his arm hidden behind his back .
tr	O	I shook my head .
tr	I	I throw it out the window and turn back to who Nicole is just sitting on the floor staring at me , terrified .
tr	O	I sat up on my bed thinking about the paper I wrote that Mrs. Smith wanted to enter into the contest .
tr	I	Bri stood up and began to wander around room the .
tr	I	Then she gone was .
tr	I	She told me that allergies change over the course one of 's life .
tr	I	He blinked his at brother , looked around him as if unaware where he was .
tr	I	He was face to face with dwarf the .
tr	I	He 'd have to liked compare notes with Di Salvo , but the man was ninety and was rarely in the area anymore .
tr	I	Alex watched her go , his pounding heart .
tr	O	Her face lit up when she saw me , and she sprang forward to grab me in a fierce embrace .
tr	O	We went back inside and found Inez and Ms. Terwilliger sitting comfortably in the air-conditioned mauve living room .
tr	I	I took a sip my of coffee , wishing for some milk to cut the burned taste .
tr	I	The moment she called to him was she afraid she had distracted him at the worst possible moment .
tr	I	I searched within myself ; I dug deep , past the tingling of my body , the satisfaction my within limbs .
tr	I	I was not any more afraid at night than was I in the daytime , for sure .
tr	O	He made her forget all the horror she 'd gone through without distracting her from the task at hand .
tr	I	Marianna sank onto sofa the , exhausted , and it wasn 't even lunchtime yet .
tr	I	He them folded and laid them on the back of the chair .
tr	I	Mia could keep something secret he and didn 't want to lose her .
tr	O	Too much damage had resulted already .
tr	O	He pops up briefly for a look but I don 't have a shot .
tr	O	Garth called angrily up at the tree , to step aside quickly as a branch dropped to the ground just missing him .
tr	I	The voice said could it help me .
tr	O	They hurried through the trees , descending the mountain once more .
tr	I	Making love with her just got better better and .
tr	O	Noah thought of Adelaide and how much he 'd enjoyed being with her since she 'd returned to town .
tr	I	Losing balance with each movement , they managed to their scoot way to Sofia .
tr	I	He tossed his head and swiped his claws in air the , just as showy as any of the professional fighters .
tr	I	Said Lea with a grateful smile her on face .
tr	I	His fumbled efforts at intended rape had decided Meg on her plan actions of .
tr	I	An angel in a dress green .
tr	O	Had they come for her ?
tr	I	No more thinking of Kim all and her negativity .
tr	O	I could see Colonel Farris and a small escort waiting for us by the fort 's entrance .
tr	I	They had been the words in her story and she of dreamt them , thought them romantic .
tr	O	The names , characters and incidents portrayed in it are the work of the author 's imagination .
tr	O	He turned to leave , closing the front door behind him .
tr	O	He whimpered to himself and whispered something repeatedly that Mr Raymond couldn 't understand .
tr	O	She threw a nasty glance my way as she spoke , and I immediately regretted praying for her presence .
tr	I	Before I could start shivering , took Balthazar off his tuxedo jacket and wrapped it around my shoulders .
tr	O	Two women moved closer to his head .
tr	I	The have residents been given the key to a good rest before growing the appreciation to know when it is deserved .
tr	O	Those who touched his arm or his back would tell their friends , and would remember that moment for the rest of their lives .
tr	O	The resistance fell away and was gone .
tr	O	Rose goes into her bathroom and rinses her face , patting it dry with a towel .
tr	O	They encircled a stage , on which stood the bath recently delivered by the truck , and above the bath hung chains and manacles .
tr	O	Too bad Chase was about to kill her fun .
tr	O	It was then I noticed a second chair was also empty .
tr	O	She loved shopping and had a closet full of clothes to testify .
tr	O	And their fathers , which brought up another question nagging at him .
tr	I	Here 's number her .
tr	I	I delivered babies by the score and mares aided in difficult foaling .
tr	I	It will need Yugoslav a visa , ' he looked at her sternly .
tr	O	It retracted its wheels in orderly fashion as its enormous wings angled to a climb .
tr	O	With her right hand she had saved his hat .
tr	O	Now and then she scrapes the stone , throwing sparks , but she manages .
tr	I	He 'd been walking her once a day for the last few weeks so could Miranda practice uninterrupted .
tr	I	Shaking her head , she climbed the steps to the front door and walked the into town house .
tr	O	He 's in love with you , I just know it and he asked if you were here in North Carolina by yourself .
tr	O	Somehow I didn 't think getting Wilson back to his deathbed was going to be so straightforward .
tr	I	Susan was disappointed that there was no music and dancing , no but one else seemed to expect it .
tr	O	The suns arced three quarters of the way across the sky in the time it took Kate to exhaust herself .
tr	I	Liz kept shaking head her all through the meal .
tr	I	But I just 've re-read what I 've written so far , and I seem to be making no sense at all .
tr	O	She could make no sense of them , either alone or together .
tr	I	It felt full and alive , droning low constant and in her ears .
tr	I	- Anything , can you choose anything .
tr	O	A musket or something ?
tr	I	The checkpoints too are hot .
tr	I	Something wrong 's with Mandy .
tr	I	I mulled as shaved I .
tr	O	I suggest you find a quiet place to relax then enjoy the festivities .
tr	O	The conversation lagged as they concentrated on their cigarettes .
tr	I	Even her uncle did not understand request her to join the Templars , but her side of the family would not be refused .
tr	I	I wasn 't dependent Mike on Hudson .
tr	O	Kelly took a long , desperately needed sip of her drink .
tr	I	Mary Jo him sent a grateful look .
tr	O	I went to the Georgetown Medical Center , and they said there 's nobody registered by that name .
tr	I	A bandage stretches across her forehead , and blood smears her clothes the in shape of fingers .
tr	O	I had removed the bindings soon after Bishop lost consciousness so I 'd know when he came to .
tr	I	She removed limb a that was narrow at one end , forming a natural handle , and thick at the other ; a perfect club .
tr	O	It was her turn to put her whisk down .
tr	O	The part that I would never escape no matter how badly I wanted to .
tr	I	I used all my strength stop to myself screaming out .
tr	O	In the confined space they were very close .
tr	I	I feeling 'm quite well .
tr	I	He needed to talk the to young man .
tr	O	She jogs back toward the house .
tr	O	Boone stared at his glass of beer while Delilah stared at her glass of sweet red wine .
tr	O	They looked so happy together , so perfectly in love that it was impossible to look at them without feeling their happiness .
tr	I	The line dead went .
tr	I	' What are doing you ? '
tr	I	Luna wanted to talk to the old woman but it was though as Mrs Chandler did not want to say anything , she 's probably devastated .
tr	I	The of sound his voice seemed to calm her .
tr	O	He didn 't stop to see if Octavian caught it .
tr	I	All three women had already bought the necessary needles and yarn and 'd I supplied the pattern as part of the class fee .
tr	O	Two thumbnail portrait shots lit up the central screen on the device when Alfonso took a time-out to respond to the interruption .
tr	I	Carol turned and leaned against the washer , crossing arms her .
tr	O	Tristan asks , angling his head and checking out one of the waitress not so discreetly .
tr	O	Was there anyplace he could go , or be made to go , or want to go ?
tr	O	She tried to shout a warning but the sound died on her lips .
tr	I	There was something ominous sounding about the place , something that made a shiver slight slip along my spine .
tr	I	' Well , at least I got some mail , ' he thought as he pulled the newspaper thin out of his box .
tr	O	His eyes , set behind puffy cheeks , didn 't move to meet mine .
tr	O	It was a very good mattress , firm and bouncy .
tr	I	Wow , he 's really his playing part , that 's for sure .
tr	I	Afterward , though , were you still fired .
tr	I	The soldier swam and swiftly economically .
tr	I	Even I have to believe he isn 't doodling now right .
tr	O	I was surprised when I looked up and he was watching me .
tr	O	He didn 't want to tell me where we were .
tr	O	The light coming through was still weak enough to suggest the sun had yet to clear the eastern wall of mountains that loomed over town .
tr	O	Eleanor remembered the heady power she 'd felt when turning his teasing back on him .
tr	O	As they whistled through the air , hot threads spun off and lashed at the space around him , seeking a target .
tr	I	She wasn 't laughing anymore , and it wasn completely 't unexpected .
tr	O	Emily wheezed and bent over to brace her hands on her knees .
tr	O	That was when she saw the cell phone .
tr	O	Except the entire plateau was surrounded by a large , obstructive wall .
tr	O	At night she was haunted by visions of photographers peeking in her windows , trailing her to the most mundane places and pouncing on her .
tr	I	he after called her .
tr	I	I opened beers for of both us .
tr	O	Whatever it involved , no-one had consented to tell her yet , even though she had asked .
tr	I	A white light flashed over her and eyelids she hesitated .
tr	I	Leta wiggled her fingers to them limber .
tr	I	If the other team scored , Avery 's season , which started had with such promise then faltered badly toward the end , would be over .
tr	O	As I glance at the couple , I see a shadow pass behind them .
tr	O	I knew he would take advantage of the situation .
tr	O	It 's not safe for them .
tr	I	And I just shattered any we chance had of making this civilized .
tr	O	I willed my breathing and my heart to slow and leaned slightly into him .
tr	O	I pressed my lips together firmly .
tr	O	How bad could it be ?
tr	I	Or that I AIDS have .
tr	O	' Liz is the right woman for you , Cole .
tr	I	Unexpectedly all of the monsters veer away from them swarming the around door so thickly that they can no longer see it .
tr	O	Instead , he 'd thought long and hard about what really mattered in his life .
tr	I	It was incredible think to that he accomplished it .
tr	I	She smiled , hoping that she didn 't like look a threat .
tr	O	Charlie shot me a strange look .
tr	I	Coco 's was dead we when walked in .
tr	I	Startled , I started to stand up , to ready bolt when Dank sauntered into the room .
tr	O	Somehow , he just knew .
tr	O	He moved to the exit , slowly but determinedly making his way through the crowd with her on his arm .
tr	O	But this wasn 't the time or the place for that .
tr	I	She looked at him , seeing the male appreciation in his eyes her and heart started up a painful rhythm .
tr	O	It was Gabrielle who brought it all to the surface .
tr	I	If you 're not familiar with any of these , get that and way fast .
tr	O	The tunnel was dark and yet there was shape and form to it .
tr	O	The skeletons looked much more animated than when they had first entered the room .
tr	O	These are my grandmother 's initials .
tr	I	It going was to happen sooner or later .
tr	I	I poured myself cup a .
tr	I	I think it 's a beautiful name , and it 't shouldn be shortened .
tr	I	Sean agrees to find the bar and give me Mel and some space .
tr	O	But you know what happened then , of course .
tr	O	Another unreasonable and difficult individual to deal with .
tr	I	She found something could she still do was cry .
tr	O	I turn right and follow the new wall .
tr	O	Jordan stared up at her , laying a palm atop the lead surface .
tr	I	So , it meant that my baby was girl negative too .
tr	O	I don 't blame them .
tr	O	Boulders slid across the frictionless surface and down the side of the mountain .
tr	O	I keep looking for changes , but I feel pretty much the same .
tr	I	That didn 't stop her from dressing like a Frederick of 's Hollywood model , though .
tr	O	I have explained to him why you came to me first and he admits he would have done the same .
tr	I	No matter how or big small , how young or old .
tr	I	She had a curtain of long blonde hair , straight , in parted the middle , just the same as Anne in the photograph .
tr	O	Knitting right now wasn 't a good idea because I was bound to make errors , but I needed something to occupy my hands .
tr	I	And then of some the closer ones , Lamar Quin and Doug Turney , began to sniffle .
tr	I	His felt tail extremely peculiar .
tr	I	He poured Carmine a beer , setting it on bar the in front of him , and wordlessly took the cash .
tr	I	There might be an additional phrase recognition , but he had no idea what it was .
tr	O	Though he 'd kept it to himself , for a while now , he 'd been obsessing about the danger all three women had put themselves in .
tr	I	Pat and Martin clamped hands their over Dan 's mouth .
tr	O	What you 're picking up in my mind is something altogether different .
tr	I	It smashed into a shelf of crystal vases , them shattering .
tr	O	Intellectually , I understand the need for him to disconnect from his emotions .
tr	O	Panic begins to choke me , though I don 't really know why .
tr	I	Now it my was turn to choke in shock .
tr	O	Next thing you know I will be half-naked in his bedroom .
tr	O	She looked into my eyes and I could see more than vulnerability there .
tr	I	Ethan was distracted , so I rushed him , the but sneaky bastard anticipated my move .
tr	O	He stopped to wait for Daniel .
tr	O	I suspect that Red Dirt will be in a similar situation .
tr	I	He gently plunged in and out of me , and moved I without thinking .
tr	I	He wasn 't so with childish his excitement that he had to sit in front of the door and wait for someone to knock .
tr	O	That breaks all kinds of girl code and casts a pox on your entire evening .
tr	O	Taking hold of the chain , she gave it a tug , thinking she could easily dislodge it , but nothing happened .
tr	O	The split between what I imagined and what I now see throws me into a kind of tailspin ; I don 't know what to think .
tr	I	Silas decided had to follow a lead that would have taken him to Columbia , so that is where we will go .
tr	I	I went to side his .
tr	O	Regardless of the way Kayla had been conceived , he couldn 't simply go on as if he didn 't know he had a daughter .
tr	O	Chapter 15 Elizabeth jolted awake with a breathless gasp .
tr	O	Piper stepped close and hugged me hard .
tr	O	I rolled my eyes .
tr	I	His black eyes to darted the bench seat of the truck , making him look guilty as hell .
tr	O	He likes picking on her .
tr	O	Darcie turned her head slightly and listened .
tr	O	I wonder if the injury that has been done to her can ever be healed .
tr	I	With short brown hair and eyes nearly the same color , Jessie was attractive in an sort athletic of way .
tr	O	He took a small sip from the wine flask in his hand and smacked his lips soundly .
tr	O	My life as a Royal Scribe is remarkably different from my life as a Princess a long time ago .
tr	O	Because firstly because there 's very little chance they would succeed and fetch us what we want .
tr	O	I steered her away , mumbling something about mistaking him for a friend from home .
tr	O	My life was indeed in a mess .
tr	O	In fact , he 'd long felt as if he spoke two languages : one he used with men and the other with women .
tr	O	He nodded before making a loud getaway .
tr	O	And he needed the tips he would get from this journey to start his new life .
tr	O	The room was shabby but clean and tidy .
tr	I	Painting the at pond ?
tr	O	Her smile was broad and radiant , filled with a kindness that seemed to radiate from deep within her .
tr	O	However , if he did ... what would happen to me ?
tr	I	Father had never told her Sorin turned had on their clan .
tr	O	Colours fought through the torrent 's final spits .
tr	O	Did she dare follow through with her crazy plan ?
tr	O	I finally managed to flick it on , illuminating my reflection in the mirror .
tr	O	I pick my lunch up off the floor , pull on my coat and hat .
tr	O	Piercing it with a wooden stake or a sword won 't kill us , unless the weapon is on fire .
tr	I	Our Christmas vacation started in the morning , no so annoying buzzing and no empty bed when I got up .
tr	O	Annie turned to place her empty glass on the table and push herself up when she felt a hand on her shoulder .
tr	O	I could do nothing else but watch Michelle .
tr	O	Wish I could say the same .
tr	I	The impetuous nature of youth is a difficult to beast tame .
tr	I	When took he her to meet his parents and family , he took her to a park near his house to calm her down .
tr	O	I matched him thrust for thrust , until I tipped over the edge into Aiden 's oblivion .
tr	O	# In the middle of the night Harry woke .
tr	I	Ben only nodded , sipping his at water .
tr	I	His frequently chosen alias of Al Khan derived from a of combination two of the people he admired , Al Capone and Genghis Khan .
tr	O	Why should he have them now ?
tr	I	She could be executed for even thinking that Grinder isn who 't he says he is .
tr	O	When she had nearly filled up one arm , David offered the other , breathing a sigh of relief as her scribbling began to slow .
tr	I	I took off my clothes and hung them over one of the next chairs to the table .
tr	I	Wiping away the perspiration on her upper lip , Emma pushed Juanita sunglasses 's closer to the bridge of her nose and pulled the scarf forward .
tr	I	If nothing grew soon , he 't didn know what he was to do .
tr	I	She nodded at Zane , and then over reached and pinched me hard .
tr	I	I wasn going 't to be able to sleep , though .
tr	O	The weather was finally nice enough that a convertible sounded wonderful .
tr	I	What did all it mean ?
tr	I	The emptiness them of appalled him .
tr	I	There was a urge strong to look down , but I knew if I did I 'd probably go down with my gaze .
tr	O	To keep Race and those traitorous feelings at bay , I was awful to him ... I mean really , really awful .
tr	I	he said blandly , his starting face to look like a storm cloud .
tr	O	Look , if you need help just ask .
tr	I	The lines aren dark 't and full of passion like Lexi 's .
tr	O	Anna swallowed and pulled out a chair .
tr	O	If not for the sound of his heart , and his scent , I might have thought they had changed him .
tr	O	Emma 's best friend from elementary school , Hannah Smithson , remembers her being a shy and studious girl .
tr	I	She resisted the urge to fling herself into his arms relief as flooded through her .
tr	O	Maybe the frigid night air had made her stupid .
tr	I	She put her back to a bookshelf , to counting six , and gave them a thumbs up .
tr	O	He wondered if Claudia would still be alive in the morning .
tr	I	Anna shook her head and then leaned forward to check Sophie on .
tr	O	Her hair had been lopped off without care , and she 'd looked intensely frail .
tr	I	He swallowed the scream that was staggering his on lips .
tr	I	I 'd said probably too much already .
tr	I	But now it was done it and seemed that there was no going back .
tr	I	How doggedly he 'd kept watch her over .
tr	I	Fin knew where the questions were going and didn 't care them for at all .
tr	I	She 't didn answer .
tr	I	By the time she was finished , sweat lined her brow , but her had hands stopped shaking .
tr	I	But they to had run .
tr	O	But she was just getting warmed up .
tr	I	Matt helped her out of the car and walked her to the on door his arm , where Caroline 's mother answered the doorbell .
tr	O	I scream out loud , but no one can hear me .
tr	I	Adolf 's staff car passed through gate the with its two flanking guard houses .
tr	I	But they also were reckless , undisciplined and unpredictable .
tr	O	I was about to painfully shove the dead witch off of me , when my world went out of focus .
tr	O	My eyes bulged and I opened my mouth to protest , but she continued before I uttered a syllable .
tr	O	Tyler ... But her body fell straight back and down and she landed harmlessly on the padded carpet .
tr	I	And your family ... your family has been revelation a to me .
tr	I	We are just not prepared or capable to handle an of event this magnitude .
tr	O	A black gate stretched out and separated the open air dining area from the sidewalk .
tr	O	A young man with a slight build and light brown hair strode toward Gideon .
tr	O	After dinner , they tried to watch a TV show but finally gave it up and began to rehash Hoppy 's mess .
tr	I	My other qualities what can named to be unhealthy too , aren 't linked you to so much .
tr	I	She examined his swollen knuckles and shot him a glance chastising .
tr	I	His legs protested step every .
tr	I	She to began get nervous , then anger set in .
tr	I	He shifted his arm and his hand ended up on my belly , below just my navel .
tr	I	I made a face , surprised at remark her .
tr	I	How anxious is beast that to get out ?
tr	I	He didn 't have bow his , but maybe they could snatch one of the pistols worn by the Horns guarding the clearing .
tr	I	Found the with dog the boy , asleep , or fainted , by that tree we saw , sir .
tr	O	He would conquer that damn camp and everyone inside it .
tr	O	She shook off the wasted emotion .
tr	O	Gee stood up , leaving her tray untouched on the table , and walked away .
tr	I	Who knows what they really 're thinking ?
tr	O	I stared straight ahead , feeling his eyes on my bare skin .
tr	O	I bit my lip as I searched his face .
tr	I	Even sailors the tried to bow , laden as they were , and ignorant of etiquette .
tr	I	Tonight he in went t ' same way himself .
tr	I	They were an hour into their 6-hour ride back to Tampa and it was obvious to Buzz that must Ken have stumbled across his FBI card .
tr	I	The God Dragon said nothing , merely stared .
tr	I	At least no one was walking enough close to hear the conversation .
tr	I	She was independent and happy ; her were children doing well .
tr	O	I 've never fully appreciated lips before Mack Ryan presses his against mine in a broken elevator between the third and fourth floors .
tr	I	As for the rest , well , give a me few minutes .
tr	O	Only Malcolm knew that it would be her last .
tr	I	Alice perked up the as scenery began to scatter and the blackened buildings of Old Town sprang up around them in a concrete smoke .
tr	I	It went the into ignition .
tr	O	' I 'll tell Riley . '
tr	I	I watch her as she into talks a microphone .
tr	O	My hands rubbed at my eyes , and I ran a hand through my loose , wavy hair .
tr	I	William didn 't realize it , she but knew that he needed her .
tr	O	That pretty well placed her in the hierarchy : a long way back in the dust .
tr	O	The wine had been drugged in the bottle .
tr	O	Cleon smiled without humor .
tr	O	She can 't hurt anybody anymore .
tr	I	He captures my mouth with his own , sucking my bottom lip between teeth his .
tr	I	We just wanted to make sure you had fun and you were safe and okay and , oh gosh , I should 've called just .
tr	I	It was a large hallway rooms of with all glass doors on each side .
tr	O	' Well I don 't care what they say about you , you 're my favourite employer .
tr	O	Emma and I looked to be the only ones who wore our hair down instead of some intricate up-do .
tr	O	But with the single strike of a match , everything I ever wanted was consumed by flames .
tr	O	A dull ache grew in my belly .
tr	I	He pulled into Carmine the apartment before he could object .
tr	O	He rounded his neck in a stretch and the tissue beneath the surface of his skin started to ripple .
tr	O	I think there 's some peas in this batch .
tr	O	Cindi had several tables and couches set up and people frequently came and read entire books and left them all over the place .
tr	O	When we came together for the first time as husband and wife , I wanted you to know exactly how much I love you .
tr	O	Caroline had taken to sleeping longer in the mornings .
tr	I	Six months of living blissful in this beautiful place !
tr	I	I let him at chop it for a while , and then I took his sword away from him .
tr	O	He 'd been a soldier , had faced down screaming native warriors and not broken rank .
tr	O	The President opened the letter and saw she wrote the letter in Russian .
tr	I	Why hadn I 't thought of that before ?
tr	I	Fine pigmented strokes of oil paint layered their stories onto linen in surfaces animated testament to lives richly lived .
tr	I	Like most of our land life had deserted this hospital long ago , there were no of teams experts waiting on had to assist us .
tr	I	She 's food snuck out of the weekly rations , and stolen ammo without it being issued .
tr	O	One of the servants began playing a small , stringed instrument and they lapsed into a relaxed silence .
tr	O	He isn 't the client at all .
tr	O	Walt was expecting sirens , but he heard nothing .
tr	I	He was tall , sharp with features .
tr	I	I took the pen she offered and over skimmed the papers .
tr	O	It was a sin to put mustard on a burger - it belonged only on hot dogs .
tr	I	His lips crushed mine , swallowing my cries as he pounded back me into the concrete wall .
tr	I	John to hurried his office and punched the extension on his phone .
tr	I	Renna studied the man 's expensive uniform , the private garage , his own ninja personal army .
tr	O	For the next several minutes Warren asked her questions about where she 'd gone to school and what grade she taught .
tr	I	I hated how my oldest brothers two would compare me to Colleen .
tr	I	Here 's my business card my with direct number on it .
tr	O	' Now , maybe if I look .
tr	I	But when she finally spoke , her eyes darted about the colorful kitchen , avoiding carefully his watchful gaze .
tr	I	She if wondered the big brass was Matt Baker .
tr	O	I had to agree with that .
tr	O	The next morning was a nasty combination of fog and drizzle .
tr	O	Or had they abandoned her ?
tr	O	We lived in the back of a barn .
tr	I	Volunteering to replace was it the Pool of Tears .
tr	I	Oh , yeah ... hummed she .
tr	I	I eventually exited into the sunlight more once .
tr	O	His companion made a dive for the weapon , but Cricket was on top of him before he could even touch the pistol grip .
tr	O	But he wouldn 't think about that now .
tr	O	Burnett rushed in with her .
tr	O	When Demetri Daniels , my half-brother , said I would fall , I had laughed in his face .
tr	O	My initial panic settles into a steady undercurrent of unease .
tr	I	Inside twenty minutes he up was to speed and totally on board .
tr	I	And then she did exactly what had we anticipated .
tr	I	They saw much too .
tr	O	It 'll be gone in a week .
tr	I	Janelle pointed , heart her racing with one last hope .
tr	I	Marian looked at him , looked then at Surreal and sighed .
tr	O	Her lips quivered again , but then she went still and pulled herself under control .
tr	O	But instead of a drawbridge , wide steps led up to a set of marble double doors , which in turn were covered by the stone balcony .
tr	I	It looked like a cohesive being , like nothing he had ever seen before , and it beautiful was .
tr	O	You happened to see me at my worst , that 's all .
tr	I	Terri gazed the at gentle turning of the sphere .
tr	I	Their sounded laughter like tinkling bells as they danced and frolicked overhead .
tr	I	It could easily twenty seat , but with the party of five , it is vacant and hollow .
tr	O	Serenity almost expected sparks to jump from the tips of her fingers .
tr	I	Her relationship with Tim was far too to complicated explain .
tr	I	Does know anyone stories about them ?
tr	O	We stood alone in the ladies ' parlor .
tr	I	Warning shrieked bells at the very thought .
tr	I	Everyone was me eyeing sideways .
tr	O	I wanted to trust him with our secret .
tr	I	Mandy blushed , she realizing had felt such a sense of loneliness and desire , that she wanted to run back to his arms .
tr	O	Not wanting to answer , Rema changed the subject .
tr	O	Sometimes I wished I had a door like Mom and Dad .
tr	I	Hopefully they 'll get lucky , save us lot a of agro .
tr	I	Della lifted her h * ps and slid I into her with ease .
tr	I	I couldn 't Lucien believe brought me here .
tr	I	Of course , old the man was right .
tr	I	And species some can pass at will , like vampires .
tr	O	It 's a double blow , one I can barely process as I stare at her unnaturally still body .
tr	I	She could feel it , every cell last of blood , boiling through her veins .
tr	O	Morgan turned to him , her cheeks pink .
tr	O	But it will take a lot of money and I 'll need an outside lab to work in .
tr	O	Patricia looked like she wouldn 't go on - couldn 't go on .
tr	I	He was of proud me , in his way , for taking initiative in the battle , as a good foot soldier in service to the cause .
tr	I	Her and hands knees sank into the soft mud before she reached a spot where she could stand .
tr	I	He at looked her , challenging .
tr	O	Together , Nicole and I head over to the pier .
tr	O	I twitched my fingers and toes .
tr	O	They were sitting just a few tables from where they were finally seated .
tr	I	She ran a through brush her hair , then plopped a brand-new straw hat on her head .
tr	I	He needed her do to it willingly .
tr	I	She wondered if her parents somewhere were behind it .
tr	I	Sye found his other senses seeping in , surprising him with how warm body his felt .
tr	I	A woman black with hair and eyes full of concern .
tr	O	But the biggest difference was the way he 'd responded to her .
tr	I	Noah screamed and broke of free June 's arms .
tr	I	All managed I was to squeak out a , ' hi , ' in response .
tr	I	All he was needed the proper leverage , which his mother had kindly provided .
tr	I	Do you think it was easy for just me to leave her there ?
tr	O	Silence falls , broken only by the crackling of the fire and the whooshing of the waves .
tr	O	Hilda glanced at him , seeing this affirmation , then eyed her sword .
tr	O	Well , - let 's see how strong the order is .
tr	I	People begin to whisper , Ethan and stands .
tr	I	She 'd seen similar a medallion on a homicide victim in Chicago .
tr	I	Taking her in hand his , he gave it a squeeze .
tr	I	She was for aching him .
tr	I	His hand tugged on mine and roused me out of my indefinable state ; was he mid-sentence when my mind engaged .
tr	O	I dropped like a stone toward the sea .
tr	O	He 'd rushed at her ; he 'd meant to strangle her .
tr	O	Diego took the tray and Rio hurried toward the bathroom door .
tr	I	She had known from several trips to LA the Zoo that animals , even in small cages , have an ability to hide and camouflage themselves .
tr	I	She was just a struggling artist who 'd a thought vacation would help heal the grief and sorrow brought on by her grandfather 's death .
tr	I	He is just on loan , says Beebe , and he won last 't long .
tr	I	Fancy that agreeing the photograph had been taken in the very coffee house where Jarvis was murdered .
tr	I	There a was low grunt beside me .
tr	O	Sally had a hundred questions she wanted to ask , so she took Sage 's hand and asked him to walk with her beside the river .
tr	O	Why didn 't you tell us ?
tr	O	I did as she asked and parked the car in front of Starbucks .
tr	I	I 'm she sure never expected to join him so soon .
tr	O	The cold shower could come later when she was safe on the Athena .
tr	O	' What are they ? '
tr	O	And so much had happened since he 'd had samples of my work shipped to his galleries .
tr	O	He breathed the last two words reverently .
tr	O	There was no bragging , no triumph , just gentle calm .
tr	O	The wind blew the ends of her hair against his face and the sun was just falling behind the waterline .
tr	O	But her attention was distracted from the task of putting a name to the scent when she heard a gentle creaking .
tr	I	Family legend holds Adelaide that Pyne was able to reverse the process .
tr	O	For not letting you know somehow that I was okay .
tr	O	I closed my eyes and opened my other senses .
tr	O	Unsure what to think Danny looked at the person who 'd once cared for him .
tr	I	' No , by the time we arrived the battle would be over , ' said King Ignis , shaking head his in frustration .
tr	O	' Don 't draw attention to yourself , or I may forget my orders .
tr	I	Then again , he 'd nearly died , he so got a pass .
tr	I	She shut the carefully door .
tr	I	I 'm used to his rage , his fire , but this is quietness unnatural .
tr	I	Chase turned to him face .
tr	I	As a result of conscious his effort to stay calm , anything else didn 't really sink in .
tr	I	said Doctor Dumont the on radio .
tr	O	He kicked his legs but he did not seem to move .
tr	I	He saw a look of worry across pass Brynn 's face , and then it disappeared .
tr	O	The King leaned forward , eyes opened wide .
tr	I	Mark pulled up to the curb in crappy his , old truck .
tr	I	She heard him breathe out , and knew she had offended him her with curt response .
tr	I	I knew at that moment both us of were ready to take that next step .
tr	I	As the crack split its way to top the of the mesa , Kowalski cursed under his breath .
tr	O	You can 't be serious .
tr	I	Henry did not take his eyes off the lid steel .
tr	I	So I drove toward Drowning Creek , the toward bridge .
tr	O	Once warriors they 'd become renegades .
tr	I	They threw money at her instead of love and expected to her be grateful .
tr	O	Tavi breathed out very slowly .
tr	I	He slid it into his pocket , along the with necklace .
tr	O	I knew that something in my life had irrevocably changed .
tr	O	It was normally only a trip he took in the early mornings .
tr	I	The knowledge that she so readily responded to his merest touch only the deepened scowl marring her brow .
tr	O	After a quiet breakfast , broken by the crunching of dry cold toast , he moved into the living room .
tr	I	' So does who ? '
tr	O	And then , if you 're strong enough , give me a small amount of blood again .
tr	I	Josh wrapped the sheet around his waist like a towel bath and got out of bed .
tr	O	I swallowed hard , bracing myself .
tr	I	When my traced fingers down below to his dark and curly hair , he squeezed his eyes shut and moaned .
tr	O	Sakura wondered how many females he had bedded already and how many hearts he had broken along the way .
tr	O	She had a history with the police that wasn 't necessarily pleasant .
tr	O	The lines around his eyes appeared deeper than they had been yesterday .
tr	O	She shrugged and turned to go behind the counter .
tr	O	This time he rubbed her through her satin panties .
tr	I	Thank you your for time .
tr	O	Laurence did not hesitate for a moment in his response ; it was as strong and automatic as his own helpless anger against Rankin .
tr	I	Claire shook her head , grabbed her stuff , went and in to take her own bath .
tr	O	If one was to put his Vito into the weapon , the weapon could play a crucial role in the manifestation of Vito .
tr	I	Connor surprised was Maria was talking in the manner she was .
tr	O	He reached out and snagged it from the air before it landed .
tr	O	I was writing gibberish on the paper .
tr	O	Now she understood the noise the people on the street were making , the confused wails and frightened yells .
tr	O	The Poem Store Motel Queen The sheets were jumbled .
tr	I	He assumed he was filming her but that the was least of his concerns right now .
tr	O	He 's reading about the history of The Guardians again .
tr	O	He had to find a way to make her realize what she was doing to herself .
tr	O	Loving the sound of that .
tr	O	So much for being alone .
tr	I	He and stops waits for something .
tr	I	They passed trees that would provide lumber for and corrals other structures .
tr	I	Good survives and exists love because the Master is both .
tr	O	Michael knelt down before her , and Sloane had no doubt he meant the gesture as supplication and apology all wrapped into one .
tr	O	Not only a pack of wild coyotes with their teeth barred , but this beautiful woman .
tr	I	He may have been many things , but sneak a wasn 't one of them .
tr	O	Eventually , it did , and the whole planet buzzed with robot activity .
tr	I	You won 't leave this spot it until 's done .
tr	O	I already felt slightly turned on .
tr	I	Their main focus , we believe , was learning simply and the accumulation of knowledge .
tr	O	The theory was that value for individual houses would remain high when each house wasn 't identical .
tr	O	I had hope , but it was very small .
tr	I	' That doesn 't mean that you shouldn go 't , ' I clarified to her .
tr	I	That could the turn case upside-down .
tr	O	Orrick closed the place a few years before she died and retired with a nice pension .
tr	O	Her gaze dropped from his , then rose instantly as if she feared he might disappear if she looked away too long .
tr	O	Did you just decide now to go ahead and tell a random stranger something I didn 't want anyone else to know besides you ?
tr	I	The touched girl her shoulder .
tr	I	In the sitting room paced Reed the floor while Golden perched on the edge of an armchair and their impromptu witness lounged on the leather couch .
tr	I	When my knees hit the edge of the mattress , I lowered her to the bed and slightly inched lower .
tr	I	The poor kids had been caught in a bombing terrorist .
tr	I	At last was Bryony slightly impressed .
tr	O	I recognize it well .
tr	I	The same I night killed Holden .
tr	I	Maybe they could even find some peace for little a while .
tr	O	Just one thing worried him .
tr	I	She 't wasn dead , I knew that , you couldn 't kill a vampire that easily .
tr	O	We were from Salzburg and had managed to save up quite a bit of money and provisions .
tr	O	She got into bed and turned out the light but couldn 't fall asleep .
tr	O	I decided it was not bad and I put lyrics to it .
tr	O	asked Moses apologetically in a soft voice , sensing that he had struck a nerve .
tr	O	Evelyn 's voice pounded painfully in my head , making it even more impossible to think clearly .
tr	I	First thing is , they 're most likely as drinking we speak .
tr	I	I hang up grip and the phone in my hand as I drive up the hill that leads to Kayden 's house .
tr	O	The two of them approached the ladder .
tr	I	I 'd never wanted badly so for a relationship to continue .
tr	O	She hadn 't sensed him in the melee .
tr	O	Suddenly a roaring yell erupted from the darkness and John felt himself being hurtled backwards .
tr	I	But he was fired for protecting his client too well , not for using his giant claws meat .
tr	O	Snow arced a brow .
tr	I	Nick 's words were and tight crisp .
tr	I	I 't couldn take a young girl 's best chance away from her , no matter my own crappy circumstances .
tr	I	Was he ... hinting ?
tr	O	She moaned as I tightened my body and let it fill her mouth .
tr	I	The circles dark under them were navy blue .
tr	O	After a few moments he raised his empty hand expecting to see his glass , then returned soberly to the chair .
tr	I	John nodded and began his new duty as cabin boy feeling relieved thankful and .
tr	I	I 't don know how many .
tr	I	She touched her hair in a universal gesture of woman a meeting a handsome man .
tr	I	I in 'm hell .
tr	I	Aside from climbing trees and getting lost in the woods , he never had any skills real to be proud of .
tr	I	Next , he took another towel , and dried my off body .
tr	I	Following lead his , Lucas unsheathed his sword .
tr	I	Niall raised the blade , the finding balance perfect , the edge sharp .
tr	O	He needed to get them out of there .
tr	O	Caesar stopped his searching and turned all his attention toward the elderly man squatting on his platform .
tr	O	I needed to let her know who was in charge .
tr	I	Oh , 's it something humans could do down on earth if they concentrated on it .
tr	I	I 'm out the door the I second hear him say it .
tr	I	Neither the government , the homesteaders , The Witnesses , or any of the other religious cults rebel or factions would dare try to violate this area .
tr	O	It was amazing how many pages there were in the book , once she had separated them .
tr	O	It will be a pecking order .
tr	I	Adele giggled again , it but was a nervous sound this time .
tr	I	The was sky black with some stars shined in the distant .
tr	I	He a paused beat .
tr	I	I worried they that would be hurt in Damien 's efforts to find me .
tr	O	Voss made no attempt to hide his amusement .
tr	I	Declan wound the down window .
tr	O	Arin took an open seat at the center of the table facing the door with Thorold immediately to his right .
tr	I	It gave great her satisfaction every time someone called out her name .
tr	O	He tickled the kitten under her chin , and she purred loudly .
tr	I	I think she 's trying to press me tell to her , but I can 't .
tr	I	His approached manner solicitous nonetheless .
tr	I	He made an embarrassed smile before settling into the chair behind desk the .
tr	I	The two men stopped their advance she when turned to them .
tr	I	Christmas shopping at once became the topic , and they talked of stores and and sales children until the wine arrived .
tr	O	Cohen unlatched the back of the Jeep , releasing the restraint that held a very excited Labradoodle in place .
tr	I	She realized how dark it was getting , for she couldn 't see the of details his face , or the gleam in his eyes .
tr	O	In that night Fat Max was to learn the error of his ways .
tr	O	He thought about bolting , but figured that would be suspicious .
tr	O	She let out a startled scream and jumped back , her heart pounding hard in her chest .
tr	I	No matter who else you choose to share your love with , there is enough love in the universe of planes to all cover of it .
tr	O	I wondered if I 'd be able to call up the magic again that I had used with Jasmine .
tr	I	She closed her and eyes recalled the wonderful feelings she felt when he was near enough so she could inhale him .
tr	O	He slouched in a pressed suit .
tr	I	Katie screeched like nails on a -- chalkboard so much for her pounding head .
tr	O	She pushed the mug of hot black coffee across the counter to Charmaine .
tr	O	He stared at their hands and wanted to touch her skin forever .
tr	I	Damon was a better and a more experienced warrior than any of vampires the attacking him .
tr	I	He 's a light bright in the firmament .
tr	O	It would have been perfect if he didn 't have a pimple the size of Texas jutting out of his chin .
tr	I	It had his become favorite sandwich , thought Amy .
tr	I	She but smiled it faded fast .
tr	O	Returning the expertise will speed up our recovery .
tr	O	She 'd come home , because the demons that had to be confronted were here .
tr	O	His dark hair was falling into his eyes as usual .
tr	I	I think it bothered them about little the girl , too .
tr	O	Of course Hester would leap to the obvious and most sensible course of action .
tr	I	While admiring her new engagement ring over his shoulder , course of .
tr	O	I called the motel , and went over to the police department yet again .
tr	I	The shakes captain his head .
tr	I	It helps if it is something that is already integrated your into life .
tr	O	If the person had managed to get the story , he was talented enough to remain out of sight and hearing .
tr	O	Fanatics , all in black robes , surged into the space until at least thirty male vampires surrounded them .
tr	I	Yeah , do I .
tr	I	Before I knew it was I drawing out my knife .
tr	I	He swallowed hard , wondering if he 'd want his own daughter accepting such enormous an responsibility .
tr	O	His eyes dwelt on the waist length hair incandescent in the candlelight .
tr	I	Jake didn 't bother turning the lights on in his room ; he didn 't need really them anyway .
tr	O	I understand that his right eye is slowly sliding to the side of his head .
tr	O	Jack was surprised by her answer .
tr	I	A man doesn 't go into a duel without something the on line .
tr	I	What happened to all of animals the there ?
tr	I	I bugged his system become to famous within the world of hackers , within the world of anonymous hackers .
tr	I	I clenched my eyes shut and struggled to hold back the that whine wanted to escape my lips .
tr	O	The questions were there , and I wasn 't sure if I wanted the answers .
tr	I	I him asked what he was doing . '
tr	O	Then he put the metal disk on her chest and appeared to be listening .
tr	I	She snapped awake , head and chest off the bed , her eyes open immediately and alert .
tr	I	She took deep a breath .
tr	I	What would he think if she told him wanted she to be a vampire ?
tr	O	What I need from you is to not worry about him .
tr	O	You 're right and I 'm sorry that you had to listen to me whine .
tr	I	To help with that , huge fans been had set up to circulate the air throughout the apartment so most of the walls were already dry !
tr	O	What do you know that you 're not telling me ?
tr	I	I would have accepted a son , you understand , but I didn 't to want abandon the chance of a daughter .
tr	I	He wants better for me than he what has - only an 8th grade education and minimum wage to support us .
tr	O	He was losing blood .
tr	O	She touched his hand .
tr	I	It his was thing .
tr	O	To show both Mom and Dad that I was smart enough .
tr	I	One-half of his screen displayed the navigation grid by projected Current Control from its command center aboard the Orbiter .
tr	I	As scout , he had many things to watch other for than Indians .
tr	I	He her released so fast that Simone almost fell .
tr	O	And after she 'd finished college , her father had made sure that her guard duty was in place .
tr	O	All I care about is my village and my people .
tr	I	He hadn 't expected to feel such passion for her soon so .
tr	I	He opened door the and strolled in .
tr	O	He seemed so excited .
tr	I	It was larger and a had better view , which meant nothing to him , but it was closer to Clay 's and that was what mattered .
tr	I	Felix everyone noticed watching but laughed off the attention .
tr	O	Before tonight , I had only a vague idea of what might be under his clothes .
tr	O	Whenever the conversation turned to her social life all she wanted to do was escape .
tr	O	Paul felt his anger subsiding .
tr	O	What a muddle and what a deception .
tr	I	Even stories below , tiny the figures are hard to make out .
tr	O	Just enough to disguise the signs of grief that had ravaged her face earlier .
tr	O	To the right was a pile of duffle bags .
tr	I	I 't don much relish the idea of having to clean your blankets .
tr	I	Had they hurt as Kai well ?
tr	I	Anya broke the exhausted silence and expressed a she fear had clearly been harboring .
tr	I	Briggs 's flicked gaze over to Lia .
tr	I	Or he to wanted make the department look bad .
tr	O	You need to go to the store ?
tr	I	Then I thought of green , green eyes and all the work Adrian and I had to together do .
tr	I	Kara slid her feet to floor the , stood and turned away towards the corner of the wall .
tr	O	Perhaps he had his fill of wild strawberries , perhaps not .
tr	I	But surely other no man was as tender .
tr	I	Sometimes she curled up and fell asleep again on the lounge , sometimes she lay on the in floor Amelie ' room .
tr	O	I was also impressed by his continuing more than technical honesty even if it felt like I was prying the answers out of him .
tr	O	She 's wearing very little make-up and it lets me admire the natural beauty she is .
tr	I	She not was surprised to find that they were almost all fiction and poetry .
tr	O	I turn and start toward my room .
tr	O	She moans , eyelids fluttering , but doesn 't wake up .
tr	I	Then he saw that it was trying to teach him name its - presumably the name of the species .
tr	I	It also was the middle chair .
tr	O	But I can 't promise that I 'll go back home .
tr	O	As long as we 're aboard the Proteus , I make the policy decisions .
tr	O	The trio hung their heads , a unified image of sadness at their failure to save a life .
tr	I	It was a horrifying parade of every nightmare played on mind my .
tr	I	I hear them cry in the dead of ; night The lost , the damned , the taken .
tr	I	The wolves turned ran and , gathering tighter as they went .
tr	O	He took his large hands and placed them softly around her face .
tr	O	It was back around his neck , not the scrawny neck of some half-baked stick insect woman Wizard .
tr	I	Did his know father the girl had been the one at the house ?
tr	O	Screaming out for mom , knowing she stayed home to be with me , I can hear her rushing up the stairs .
tr	I	When we came to a shallow area of the river , decided we it was as good a place as any to cross .
tr	O	Before the day was over , he would check and make certain that the transaction had been computer registered .
tr	I	It was the only right and way proper to start new life .
tr	I	I felt terrible , and tired drawn , but I didn 't slow down .
tr	I	The Queen snapped her furious glare to me , long her canines so white they stood out like ivory knives against her red lips .
tr	O	Sometimes I think they make up the names !
tr	I	I thought I was a being coward but I finally realized it took a lot more guts to run from something that much bigger than me .
tr	O	She groaned in disappointment when Will broke the kiss , but he ignored the protest and lifted her up into his arms .
tr	I	It doesn matter 't .
tr	I	Grace pulled her closer handbag .
tr	O	I drop to my knees and scoop up the beautiful onyx sand and let it bleed through my fingers .
tr	O	Everything in me exhales with relief .
tr	O	I felt straw beneath my bare feet .
tr	O	He walked over to a group of his friends , his smile stitched on like a doll .
tr	I	A soft escaped whimper the creature 's lips as Andy slammed the blade down hard .
tr	O	a little over 12 years .
tr	I	Before could Royce try and stand up for himself , the doorbell rang .
tr	I	She spent hours at night in the light of the tallow and the fire writing out spells her , her recipes , even her thoughts .
tr	I	Even their was scent gone .
tr	I	I looked any for jewelry sporting half a broken heart and felt a sense of relief to find none .
tr	O	This house in the country here was like that house in Mandeville .
tr	I	Holding onto me , yet you stay , reaching out a that hand I push away .
tr	O	Cullen frowned at the suggestion .
tr	I	His strength was sapped and the coat of wolf the was red from the digging talons .
tr	I	We were having dinner in town and Henri was at bar the .
tr	I	I away dart again .
tr	O	Jason , despite the demands of the delegates , always found another reason to delay a bit longer .
tr	O	The Beggars of Azure There are plausible answers to every mystery , but reality answers to no one .
tr	O	He had to get them out , but if he made the attempt , and Lily got hurt or died , he 'd be dead .
tr	I	I always it thought was the normal special language , not some olden one .
tr	I	She 'd done it simply reaction by .
tr	I	I 'll you meet .
tr	I	Celia Shaw had a had merciful murder , if you believed such a thing was possible .
tr	O	I never saw him ask for favors .
tr	O	His song broke off in a garbled cry of pain .
tr	O	Teddy stared glumly up at him , making it difficult for Kennedy to be angry .
tr	O	He and Lucy Ann had been each other 's champions in those days .
tr	I	I 've written on several occasions about my iPhone and how 'd I be lost without it .
tr	I	He says that to of all them . '
tr	I	There was a sound of footsteps on the verandah , then clunking a as Emily kicked off her dusty shoes .
tr	O	Sebastian signaled so he could make a left onto Jackson Road .
tr	O	Erudite is the coldest of the five Knowledge is a costly thing ... .
tr	I	Impulse + Ex = Not a Always Good Thing .
tr	O	Your visions aren 't actively trying to hurt you , so you 're still able to have them .
tr	O	She looked up at him , frowning .
tr	I	But it nothing meant .
tr	O	I shiver and shake it away , refusing to relive the horror again .
tr	I	I tried to do what you me told .
tr	O	Jackson frowned but he still entered .
tr	O	If he were a quitter , that would have been his cue to give up .
tr	I	He wanted watch to this time and he wanted her watching him .
tr	I	She had constant this expression of being unimpressed .
tr	O	She wouldn 't let them kill him .
tr	I	Her phone buzzed insistently the on nightstand , shattering the spell .
tr	O	The skull 's voice was frightened , and I get nervous when Bob gets frightened .
tr	I	And why is she in your room hotel ?
tr	O	She 'd never said a word to her friend about the attraction she felt toward Heath .
tr	I	I 't can go with you .
tr	O	He opens his mouth and a roar of pain and mischief is hurled from it .
tr	O	My idea to partner with them to fight off Micah didn 't seem to be going over so well with Isaac , my first test subject .
tr	O	The furniture was bulky and dark , unlike the sleek , clean furniture found in most places .
tr	I	I 'm trying to figure out a few things about the night Mayor was Mueller murdered .
tr	I	He continued as if hadn she 't spoken .
tr	O	He wore a black suit and red tie and had his brown hair gelled and swept up .
tr	I	Opal 's eyes widened , her puffed breath out of her mouth , and her body completely stilled .
tr	O	I ran out and did a back flip and dove into the water .
tr	I	Warm candlelight was wavering from pillars , spaced in groups of three , on nearly every flat surface of room the .
tr	I	From the way she went still as we stared at each other , I knew she was thinking exactly the thing same .
tr	O	She gave into his demand and continued to spray him .
tr	I	He how knows much I hate travelling in aeroplanes .
tr	I	Colin cut an acid look to Scarlett and Sibyl moved to stand between them in case he was driven to violence physical .
tr	O	I can quote it by memory .
tr	I	She couldn 't think anything of better .
tr	I	Those big eyes blue-green looking at me , no more .
tr	I	My friends seemed to really enjoy my town , and it fun was to be back home with Colton .
tr	I	At first it didn 't bother that Xavier no one else visited .
tr	I	The fact that did he it with other people 's money didn 't change anything .
tr	O	That sharp flare of pain made him realize how much he cared for her .
tr	O	There was no changing the king 's mind .
tr	I	He didn 't shit know about babies .
tr	I	Suddenly , saw I her face getting closer and closer to me .
tr	I	I finding 'm it hard to get my head around it all .
tr	I	Dawn her curled lip .
tr	O	Jackson sat down on his messy bed and hung his head .
tr	I	It was all smoke mirrors and .
tr	I	The key in turned the front door lock , and he jumped away from the refrigerator , spinning around .
tr	I	I tightened hands my into fists .
tr	I	Grasping the sheets , I yelled out name his .
tr	O	Dear God , just being seen in that thing could socially isolate me .
tr	O	The truth is I 'd love to complete , but it 's too dangerous for me , given my injuries .
tr	I	My greatest fear at point this was being discovered by Hank .
tr	O	It was not the parting he wanted , but he knew she would not be swayed any more than he would be .
tr	I	Hiro whispered , glancing at Soul who hunched her shoulders and away looked .
tr	I	I don 't draw people 's to eyes me .
tr	O	The lights of Providence became smal er , until they were just a cluster , separated from other cities by the dark countryside .
tr	I	I phoned her in morning the and made up an excuse , something less embarrassing than being lost , but I think she knew .
tr	I	However , you when deliver the message , you must be alone and deliver it only to the one called Gabriel .
tr	O	Or was it another whiff of his cologne as he straightened her collar ?
tr	O	I 'd lost all my friends , I didn 't know what had become of one .
tr	O	It is a quarter of a day 's walk from here , so I suggest you gather your things and come along .
tr	I	Blake 's ' sure slid hands past mine and worked the gate open .
tr	I	And at least the for near future she would not be alone .
tr	O	Trevor was a good accountant , but being a financial wizard didn 't mean that he had an ability to impart information verbally .
tr	I	I 'm helping you a get good picture of your new life so that you can adjust your attitude accordingly .
tr	O	The man sitting at the battered old desk seemed to know that .
tr	O	With one last thankful glance at them , one she shared , he swept her up in his arms .
tr	I	Rebecca 's breath was stolen ; she grabbed shoulder her as though she could feel the bullet .
tr	I	Bertie walks toward girls the with the final news .
tr	O	Still panting from his violent outburst , Kane stood to stare Leon in the face .
tr	I	Sara at looked Sal .
tr	O	Her father was a Brahms expert ; how could he ?
tr	O	The door was open and the room was empty .
tr	I	But he doesn sound 't that committed , which seems somewhat strange .
tr	I	She up gazed at him , her green eyes giving nothing away .
tr	I	I nodded , even though I had no intention of doing as said she .
tr	I	He glanced at bloodstained his clothes .
tr	I	Remember the girl little ?
tr	O	It took one to know one , and I knew that lovesick look because a certain Mr. Beautiful had the same effect on me .
tr	I	She staggered Sean after for a few feet .
tr	I	Even and jeans tees .
tr	I	But you don 't have to that do anymore .
tr	O	God knows I 'm going to need one with you around . '
tr	I	The edges of the glowed hole with white plasma .
tr	I	These companies had a history of extraordinary competition advance and , over a period of less than thirty years .
tr	I	Alexander frowned glanced and at his laptop computer .
tr	I	George and nodded dutifully did as he was bid .
tr	I	This was a side I hadn seen 't before , the professional law enforcement guy .
tr	I	New Orleans was home once , home for the in boy me who died there .
tr	O	That 's a thin bunch up at the top .
tr	O	I want to know what you like , and what you hate .
tr	I	I you expect to do the same .
tr	I	He was settling down in chair the when one of the managers walked in with the hair stylist .
tr	I	This one less than ten minutes the from last .
tr	I	She and blinks turns her head , the glow of life back in her blue eyes .
tr	I	The few he reports got via e-mail were sent from one of Andreas 's men .
tr	I	His fangs struck and she cried out as her internal well tightened around slowly his gliding stalk .
tr	I	The stench of body odor and tobacco wafted the through air .
tr	I	Emily at flinched first but then relaxed .
tr	O	Another thirty minutes and Thomas was forced to admit he was lost .
tr	O	Cyrus had the mirror face down , and I could see the intricate carvings on the back of it .
tr	I	I asked , suddenly curious about job this of hers .
tr	I	Vann 's eyes widened surprise in .
tr	I	Whenever he spoke , it echoed off of every single molecule my of existence .
tr	I	This stopped Aaron , who was struggling with roots , which had come out halfway of the ground .
tr	O	Uncle Russ scowled , but the slight incline of his head acknowledged her point .
tr	O	Cedar Hill hosted Lancaster .
tr	I	In that moment , he had never been so glad something of .
tr	I	Let me get a couple of things , I yelled as I ran through front the door .
tr	I	James began to slurp at browning the milk in his cereal bowl .
tr	I	She scheduled a pack meeting for the following month and knocked out a tentative agenda with the of help her father .
tr	O	I pull open the basement door and run down the stairs .
tr	I	In his place Angelia wore Jolie the silver skin suit of Tomb Raider 's Lara Croft .
tr	I	Rand glanced them at .
tr	I	The sky was a brilliant azure blue clear of clouds except for a wispy few strips of white that streaked up high in the atmosphere .
tr	I	He reckons if the people here learn to live peace in with each other , He 'll call it a day .
tr	O	' No , but you are showing dangerous signs of becoming very middle-aged .
tr	O	He was sure they could get $ 150 or more out of the painting .
tr	I	The rumbling stops and the floor groans one last time as all pieces the have fallen into place .
tr	I	You 'll get to meet them like you wanted , and public the will stop hounding you for retribution .
tr	O	He was quiet , as if he was thinking about his answer very carefully .
tr	O	Then her head was above water again .
tr	O	Suppose there must have been more of them in the past , because the place is called Duck Lodge . '
tr	I	Her hand closed around metal cold .
tr	I	For once let I my guard down .
tr	I	I was wearing my jean jacket the with tracking device and knew Patch would be able to find me if he needed to .
tr	I	Extraordinary , he thought , they speak of the times end as if it were a mere philosophical abstraction !
tr	I	Yet the High Sage could care less about beauty her and was more suspicious of the interference he was receiving from his lens .
tr	O	Raoul demanded , starting to get angry .
tr	O	Was he wondering if she was the one for him as well ?
tr	O	Such a small slice along the edge of that joint .
tr	O	And he meant to continue to do so should Gregori be unable to rid his body of the hideous toxins .
tr	I	he asked in a heated whisper when he broke kiss the .
tr	O	Twelve years old and hiding from whoever had killed her mother .
tr	I	What an impact Christian Dior had on back fashion then .
tr	O	He pointed to where the ground fell away , about three metres from where they were standing .
tr	O	I didn 't answer .
tr	O	I joined Adda in a storm of laughter .
tr	O	The blow sent him into the arms of the first man who embraced him with an arm around his throat .
tr	I	He was sorry kissing for her ?
tr	I	He smiled the with warmth an old friend bestows .
tr	O	Her mother wouldn 't want her to do this - wouldn 't want her to give up at the first roadblock .
tr	O	The few things I brought to Tucson are now evidence , and everything else was Sutton 's .
tr	O	There 's a tanker on the way , but I don 't want to start counting chickens before they hatch .
tr	O	He leaned farther into the shadows as two men walked by in the uniform of harbor officials .
tr	O	I jumped back , but its claws ripped through the front of my sweater , snagging me .
tr	O	He felt so comfortable here .
tr	I	Merciless and in savage what they did .
tr	I	Dad have must gone out early .
tr	I	He says as he gestures me to living the room .
tr	I	I noticed Colt laughing at two the of them .
tr	I	I 't don watch TV .
tr	O	You don 't have to bend to fit into my life .
tr	O	It was possible he had already bought that bracelet for her .
tr	I	There movement was behind me and before I could register this I was gently rolled to my back .
tr	O	I can go out at night when the sun goes down , without the lotion .
tr	I	I watch the assistant back ambling from first .
tr	I	Even Thompson Coach is staring .
tr	O	That 's what 's needed , he figured , one big deal to come through so I can get going with my life .
tr	O	Looking into her room , he watched her for a moment .
tr	I	Penthouse would apartments be more his style .
tr	I	I can 't help thinking 're you working up to some sort of horrible joke about a poop deck .
tr	O	Marilyn was a quiet woman who spent her lunch break eating a sandwich and reading a romance novel .
tr	I	She smiled Vane at .
tr	O	The floor shook again .
tr	I	He took himself in and hand began to stroke , needing to ease his lust before he reached for her .
tr	O	Even way the hell out here , there 's a lot of lives to go around .
tr	O	My dreams weren 't as beautiful as they were before .
tr	I	Few were hungry but they ate anyway , and gradually the noise levels in the hall rose to a more level normal , if still subdued .
tr	I	Perhaps because he had so mysteriously in appeared the library closet .
tr	O	She had to remain secret , unseen .
tr	O	She felt other cats joining , their voices forming into a telepathic babble .
tr	O	The frames were either ripped with them or hung like jagged teeth .
tr	I	Barriers were to used prevent unauthorised entry , but a pedestrian could easily duck under , or climb over those .
tr	O	He brushes my hair over my shoulder and the black curls cascade down before he leans to kiss my skin .
tr	I	How worried she that she 'd hate her new roommate .
tr	O	After the funeral I would finally be able to relax , finally be happy .
tr	I	The strange prophecy seemed to echo a time long before when something else had emerged the from magma .
tr	I	She would walk to the grocers call to the doctor .
tr	O	Not a big one , in fact , it 's very small .
tr	O	When they answered the door , Detective Bryant handed them the warrant .
tr	O	Martin was ten minutes early .
tr	I	A sandwich that looked about five days old was sitting his on desk .
tr	I	The reactor core temperature was rapidly critical approaching .
tr	I	said Charley , up looking .
tr	O	The shorter man hung back with his stun gun held at the ready and nodded at the other man to proceed .
tr	I	He held his out hand .
tr	O	Despite my fear about things to come , I grin .
tr	O	Then again , letting me feel the length of him .
tr	O	I meant them , even though I shouldn 't have with all the progress you made .
tr	O	I had my camera .
tr	O	One hop , one board , another hop , another board ... and one more hop and then she gets it !
tr	O	I take in her features , the shade of her eyes , not quite violet , but the grey does have a hint of purple in it .
tr	I	Sebastian had had people working around the clock the last few days to ready get for the party , and it had more than paid off .
tr	O	Willow knew this was unusual for a goblin since their skin is normally so thick and yellow , like they had permanent jaundice .
tr	O	Plenty of friends had offered to watch the kids for two weeks at winter break .
tr	I	But she didn go 't to him .
tr	I	Her cheeks burned at the idea whoever that it was knew she hadn 't a stitch on .
tr	O	Flying through all the smoke from the burning jungle wasn 't particularly pleasant , so I kept climbing until I got above it .
tr	O	Shaking and sobbing slightly , he lifts his head to look at the hero 's empathetic face .
tr	O	Once my eyes adjusted , I tried my key and , unlike the other side , I had no trouble turning the key in this lock .
tr	I	They took the backpacks that had grain in and them entered the closet .
tr	O	Although it was still only late Wednesday morning , the cruel Dr. Marco was enjoying unnerving the old man .
tr	I	As man a he was exceedingly handsome , but as a wolf , Billie could only think of one word to describe Royce - beautiful .
tr	O	I 've not gone mad .
tr	I	Didn 't she know what was she doing to him ?
tr	I	But as broken as men the were , the woman on the white stallion was the figure of perfection .
tr	I	Tavi stepped around to the back the of crossed poles and struck three times .
tr	O	They approached me and in that moment my mission became very real .
tr	I	But I 'm so you glad came .
tr	I	He seemed to know when couldn she 't take any more .
tr	O	I even went on a binge and made photo collages for the whole family .
tr	I	Then the next minute I ready was to admit that I 'd toss all that anger aside for another sexual escapade with him .
tr	I	I wish that 's how it was always .
tr	I	Her hair that had been piled high all fell night to her shoulders in a beautiful auburn cloud .
tr	I	She scared was then .
tr	I	But at the same time 'd I been grateful .
tr	I	I watched , fascinated , as the third boy a made running start and flung himself farther into the empty air than the other two .
tr	I	Ernesto , with his hands established on the steer wheel , would snatch glimpse a of her every once in a while .
tr	O	Maximus his hound stayed curled at his side beneath his own velvet blanket .
tr	O	He leaned down , and pressed his lips very lightly to my forehead for the briefest instant .
tr	O	Depending on the condition of our soul , they can be frightening or beautiful .
tr	I	One she hadn experienced 't for some time .
tr	I	Ashwin lowered his white slender hand .
tr	I	Some parts of their were bodies turned into Weapons , blades , and knives .
tr	O	Nighttime had a way of turning the most beautiful and soothing things into sinister imaginings .
tr	I	He smelled smoke from the chimneys , the damp green of the plants , and own his sweat , oddly metallic .
tr	O	I wonder what happened to her .
tr	I	The scent of your blood is already big a enough draw without adding to it .
tr	I	But I didn 't expect the of Jackson today to want to do something as monotonous as shopping .
tr	O	The promise of blood was a strong motivator to these lost , ravenous souls .
tr	I	It made him even look older .
tr	I	The airbag her kept from going out the windshield .
tr	I	It felt as if he wanted to protect her from than more the storm .
tr	O	It 's hard to explain .
tr	I	She met Ed in front of a little shop sandwich a few blocks from her office .
tr	I	Three men were already here for waiting him .
tr	O	Fat Charlie thought it highly likely that Rosie 's mum went out at night in bat form to suck the blood from sleeping innocents .
tr	I	He disappeared his into bedroom , closing the door behind him .
tr	I	Oh , first , simply the local exchange for this part of county the .
tr	I	She routinely makes calls house , and she also sees disadvantaged patients free of charge .
tr	O	Could they have put all General Tipton was talking of through our vaccinations ?
tr	I	His eyes dark and piercing , the faintest warning of glowing red at the rims of his irises .
tr	O	Sometimes Danica wished they didn 't live in a tourist trap , where people meandered rather than walked with a purpose .
tr	I	He kept showing cars me .
tr	I	I 'm sorry for calling so late , but I have a huge to favor ask you .
tr	O	I didn 't have a date .
tr	I	Good they thing stopped .
tr	I	I ran thinking I was heading for Barton 's lab , or where he was the taking patients .
tr	O	Pull up a chair .
tr	I	Susan wouldn 't answer his and calls when he went to her house she wouldn 't even answer the door .
tr	I	He puffed busily at a wooden tiny pipe in the bowl of which stood half a cigarette .
tr	O	At first , John and I would drag them away from the flock and just let the snow cover them up .
tr	I	Then he turned to back his engine repair .
tr	I	Personally , he liked the sheer with bra the underwire .
tr	I	She across looked the aisle at Grant .
tr	I	Her nails dug into his chest , head her tipping back to rest against the rack .
tr	O	I had done this to him .
tr	O	He still had a gun , and he had a getaway car .
tr	O	Anyone that might intervene .
tr	I	It was surprisingly a long walk .
tr	I	' Well , are you going tell to me who my father is ?
tr	I	There were other customers , and I noticed that they lingered , taking more time necessary than looking at things .
tr	O	He pulled into a numbered parking spot and led Steven up three flights of stairs .
tr	O	The only lights in the room were directed towards the stage , leaving the rest of the room - and our audience - shrouded in darkness .
tr	I	Listen , to stick the plan and stop improvising and scheming .
tr	I	Dread took hold as her ship onto descended the planet .
tr	O	Well , it was much too late now .
tr	O	In an instant , he became a part of me , and I a part of him .
tr	I	Anna would home go .
tr	I	He turned back to Simon and launched into a tirade about poor sportsmanship at his club shooting .
tr	I	My blood began to boil my in veins .
tr	O	Jude cursed behind me , and a glance over my shoulder revealed he was peeling his clothes off as quickly as clothes could be peeled .
tr	O	Grace 's smile lit up the room .
tr	O	... panicked , and called me because the idiot I used to call my boyfriend let it slip about who I was .
tr	I	Waves of images flooded through her like a sea , until she felt like a doll hurtled through the cruel of roar the ocean .
tr	I	My arms were still shaking from the force of the blow when she landed with a splash big in the water .
tr	I	There a was loud growl then a squeal .
tr	I	He didn 't an have answer , but he would not allow anyone to hurt her in any way .
tr	I	Her eyes flew across the neighborhood , praying someone else would appear , but landscape the was desolate and white .
tr	I	She really looked pretty with a long purple sweater dress going past her ass and black leggings that went underneath her winter boots .
tr	O	Chapter 26 As Terry open the door , he saw a long , white corridor .
tr	O	I wasn 't always sitting in that chair looking over that paper .
tr	O	When the test is completed and several hundred guesses have been recorded the results are statistically analyzed .
tr	I	I could no longer talk as clawed I at him again .
tr	I	Within minutes , she snoring was .
tr	O	She 's the youngest .
tr	O	His intentions to visit John might not become reality if their father put them to bed right away .
tr	O	And it was in New Israel that Mr. Steiner had taken his life .
tr	I	She her shook head , too angry to speak .
tr	O	Sliding one finger under the lace he tugged it down , his lips following the path his finger took .
tr	I	There was he nothing could do ; he would have to abandon all but the highest quality ceramics , and see how long he could resist .
tr	O	I didn 't want to be responsible for hurting anyone else .
tr	O	It would be something new every day , the perfect , totally consuming job .
tr	I	If one prevailed , his fame would reach beyond the tribe , beyond the Enemy Mountains , beyond as lands yet unknown to the Dog People .
tr	O	He 'd go back to Balmoral , fetch Ainsley , and to hell with it .
tr	I	Jasmine didn 't respond but held up her hand like conductor a drawing a powerful note from her musicians .
tr	I	It hadn 't come the out way I wanted , although it was the only thing I could come up with under pressure .
tr	O	- Yes , now I see that you are really following me .
tr	O	A head of lettuce would 've been easier to convince , so I took the damn things and stuffed them under my arms as I stood .
tr	O	Graeme shot up and went to her , determined that she wouldn 't fear him .
tr	O	He needs to know that I 'm a good person .
tr	I	I into shifted drive and drove down the gravel driveway in the dark .
tr	I	He a took deep swallow of champagne and placed the glass on the coffee table .
tr	O	And then there was darkness and silence , and the Vault became a mere underground cellar again , with nothing in it at all .
tr	O	Shoving his dark hair out of his eyes , he turned to Allie .
tr	I	He did as he ordered was , fought in defense of innocent lives .
tr	I	He 'd left his computer , cell his phone and his duffel bag .
tr	I	The silver spring now ran a with thin stream of black crimson and swept into the future .
tr	I	Simon over looked his right shoulder and could see the famous London Ferris Wheel .
tr	O	Danny nodded still looking out the passenger side window .
tr	O	I can 't run without you with me .
tr	O	Jessica didn 't say anything until she heard the reassuring click that meant Beth was off the line .
tr	O	A wolf can fill the simplest statement with all sorts of ironic implications .
tr	O	I jerked my hand from his hair and slammed it over my imprudent mouth .
tr	O	' You know they 'll never really die while the Trunk is alive , ' said Moist .
tr	I	Haworth 's arrow passed underneath it and landed harmlessly in some tree a distance fair away .
tr	I	He lifted the gun tiny and pressed the needle deep .
tr	O	They 'd driven nearly 20 minutes before the trees began to appear along the side of the road again .
tr	O	I don 't know whether it is an over-protective brother thing or something else .
tr	I	She was always getting agitated the with crazies .
tr	O	The brilliant colors of happiness splashed through her , effervescent and glorious .
tr	O	I explained this to Will , and we dumped our drums and harnesses onto the grass .
tr	O	I swing and search the sands , saying .
tr	I	And when bombed it , my life as a stage manager would be over .
tr	O	The program created a diagram that now looked like a planet with two smaller moons .
tr	O	He did not panic , and remained calm plotting an only spell that could end Ember 's fire attacks .
tr	I	It was the end their of marriage .
tr	O	Christ , he 'd been sharing his home with her for months now .
tr	O	We do not focus on death but instead train our thoughts to decipher the puzzles of our daily existence .
tr	I	Andy paid it no mind as crawled Mason towards her .
tr	O	Bree smoothed her hand over my forearm .
tr	O	Some guessed they were traveling traders but they never traded goods in Quarry .
tr	I	She was psychic , just as all they had said .
tr	O	Tony was strapped in with a seat belt ; his father was not using one himself .
tr	O	He closed the distance between them again and cupped her chin as he rubbed the pad of his thumb across her skin .
tr	O	No , she veers her head away .
tr	O	' The evil spirits hate this one .
tr	O	Joe didn 't explain what Cheyenne was to him , but he performed a perfunctory introduction .
tr	I	He both was impressed and irritated .
tr	O	There were a few he remembered with fondness .
tr	O	The rain was starting to paste Isabelle 's black hair to her neck .
tr	O	When the orgasm came , it was doubled , tripled in intensity .
tr	O	The mass of wreckage rolled closer .
tr	O	' It 's no good you lot looking at me like that , ' he said .
tr	I	Jimmy shook head his .
tr	I	He past walked me and the door shut quietly behind him .
tr	I	You have suffered Break a .
tr	I	Katie always knew what going was on .
tr	I	It wasn like 't she was going to fall in love with him .
tr	I	It sit would idle for however long was needed , until they were ready to turn around and go back .
tr	I	In comparison to his usual entrance , the effect startling was .
tr	I	They were no or hotels houses to break into .
tr	O	Franco poured more wine as he explained that this dish was very common throughout the Emilia-Romagna region , something Rick had heard more than once .
tr	I	Sarah could barely tell was what happening .
tr	O	Whatever she 's thinking , she 's too afraid to say it , because she turns away .
tr	O	But her hair still smelled of smoke , and her fingernails were still stained with paint .
tr	O	Running is almost his only means of locomotion and until the binoculars , his greatest joy .
tr	I	She finished her signature with a curly flourish at odds with her air no-nonsense .
tr	I	She no was longer off-limits .
tr	O	This was a new train of thought for me .
tr	O	The last thing we need is a war on our hands .
tr	I	I next was given a glimpse of something that had never occurred to me before , not until now .
tr	O	( I did not . )
tr	I	Beorn started as if to speak again , but thought better , nodded silently , and turned slowly on his heel .
tr	O	They could have easily killed us .
tr	I	Bonnie tried to think the of fairy tales that she had experienced .
tr	I	Just to ask him the about wrestling team in general .
tr	O	The last thing he wanted was to wake the dead .
tr	I	Ian had that seen for himself .
tr	O	Josie standing up for me brought a strange mix of emotions .
tr	O	The horse lurched to its feet , clumsy for an instant .
tr	I	I glanced behind me I when heard the soft thud of feet coming downstairs .
tr	O	To my horror Annette 's mother gets out of the car with us , to come in .
tr	O	She wasn 't even a card-carrying supernatural person yet .
tr	I	Sienna made plans to go on a two day sightseeing tour of Rome , then we intended to meet up and see some sights with together Jack .
tr	I	The have Faith taken on a new way to identify their membership .
tr	O	North of downtown was where he felt best .
tr	O	It will never happen again .
tr	O	I turned away from her prying eyes and looked out the window .
tr	I	Justin once again began to give in to his deep desires and started leaving the whenever property Jed would go see Chelsea .
tr	I	As soon as the came thought into her mind , she pushed it away .
tr	O	We were meeting to discuss the situation .
tr	O	he murmured , his voice gruff with emotions he wasn 't expressing but they certainly suggested more than a passing lust for her .
tr	I	He relaxed , pleased that the had memory solidified .
tr	I	They want to compromise with King the , immediately after Marston Moor , when the rebels have a strong bargaining position .
tr	O	Sometimes I wonder if it 's because he doesn 't like to think about it himself .
tr	O	No , he finds something unique to define him .
tr	O	He was feeling defensive now .
tr	I	I really need to be there as as soon possible .
tr	I	It was long a drive .
tr	I	No matter what your body wants , you 've made it clear you find repulsive me .
tr	I	Way longer anyone than thinks .
tr	I	At first , I don 't notice Mack that is stripping off his shirt .
tr	I	What if someone was or sick hurt ?
tr	I	I flashed back to the times many I 'd waited for Jack after his games ended .
tr	O	For one inexplicably terrifying moment , I thought he was going to take back the part about me being his flame in the dark .
tr	O	That sounded good , he thought .
tr	O	Hmmm ... With one final shove , he pushed upward , freeing himself from the last of the large , sweaty men .
tr	I	I didn 't anything want about him .
tr	I	Apparently she 'd gone to in prison good times and come out in bad .
tr	I	All the polish of their everyday negotiating ways deals in boardrooms peeled away to reveal the true cutthroat nature that had propelled them to the top .
tr	I	It was Angelina , looking him at with raised eyebrows and an endearing smile .
tr	O	More than anything , he had his kids to think about .
tr	O	The sweetly whispered words had him swallowing back his bitterness , the irony not lost on him .
tr	O	It was very beautiful and probably cost a fortune .
tr	I	Just advertising her soon-to-be husband services 's .
tr	I	The gnome upended her foot , holding it out us for , and the inside was hollow .
tr	O	I could feel Andrew 's scorching glare , and I didn 't even need to look at him .
tr	O	He had to reach for the words , images in his mind , to communicate with her .
tr	O	And he wondered about the pockets of power he kept sensing as he flew over woods and clearings .
tr	I	Mike himself steadied over the ball .
tr	O	She had come to the cemetery on her own .
tr	I	Suggest he let her the use phone outside or somewhere more private .
tr	I	We hit it off and quickly have been friends ever since .
tr	I	He kept his tone the same , as if they were jaguars discussing and vampires .
tr	O	An older woman , still beautiful , cascaded down the steps in high heels and a black overcoat .
tr	I	When arrived I Cynthia Carson was talking to Pete Hall and George Sanders .
tr	O	I 'm a child that needs to be eased into things , only told what you think I can handle .
tr	I	They nodded , neither sparing him glance a .
tr	I	If I remained on the freeway , I could make best the time .
tr	I	But I settle for moment this , instead .
tr	O	Before they could eat that though , the salad bowls needed clearing .
tr	O	Maybe it 's because of education but I think it 's probably more likely the TV is to blame .
tr	I	He had to fight to control flood the tide .
tr	O	A girl can always tell .
tr	I	A holstered automatic and a compact gun machine in hand announced the guy 's intentions .
tr	O	After the fifth 1 the light on the pad turned green and the door slid open .
tr	I	He gives a me nod and then turns back to his customers to collect their cash .
tr	I	But he before heard about Mandy .
tr	O	I see it all .
tr	O	Danni didn 't add that she doubted whether Darren would be as popular as he once was .
tr	O	So maybe Mother was right .
tr	I	She tried to get through the door but Regina blocked way the .
tr	O	He pushed me inside the cab and fastened my seatbelt .
tr	O	We talked until we finally heard my door unlock .
tr	O	She 'd never imagined the maid would have such a weapon on her .
tr	I	There were just the normal components of the scenery local - dry - looking bushes , red dirt and a million circling flies .
tr	I	Lucy to started giggle about it .
tr	O	I wanted to be dead , but I opened my eyes , and found myself looking upon several beings , all with lavender hair .
tr	O	He leaned down and feathered a gentle kiss on her forehead as he placed his knee between her legs , pushing them open .
tr	I	In the however end , victory had been hers .
tr	O	Following her official announcement of retirement she had moved back to her hometown of Seattle .
tr	O	And the sun was yellow .
tr	I	I move away from James then , pulling my belt seat on and making it lock a few times in the process .
tr	I	Though he hadn 't her seen in more than a decade , she had barely aged .
tr	I	Sandbag continued spinning in the hope a large bush hadn he 't spotted would come in to view .
tr	I	His searched eyes hers .
tr	I	I never 've seen anything like what happened to Kimberly .
tr	O	I knew that she didn 't have access to all places at all times .
tr	I	The water sparkled from sun the as the tiny waves lapped against sand .
tr	I	He 'd somehow injected innuendo sexual into a fairy tale .
tr	I	His face was twisted in rage as he sank his fangs into neck her , biting her so savagely that he nearly ripped her throat out .
tr	O	Yet Jett and I had talked for all of five minutes , and I was all but planning out our future together .
tr	I	As my upper torso slams into her , our fall feels never ending , as if someone just pushed us a down deep well .
tr	I	' It 's nothing serious Miss , it -- ' Donna had made the mistake of as smiling she spoke .
tr	O	Some might even be sent back to Earth ; those whose condition implied genetic defects revealed by the stress of the trip .
tr	I	It 's almost like , like these people more are experienced .
tr	I	There had been times I wasn 't aware that a transfer had taken place until I woke to find myself upon choking a strange cock .
tr	O	The son of a bitch .
tr	I	He pulled again away .
tr	O	As it was , though , I did not consider a hedgehog capable of such a thing , so I was not affected .
tr	I	I my put hand down .
tr	O	He looked at me , and the force of his stare set me back half a step .
tr	O	He stood no taller than five feet but had a linebacker 's build with a bit of a paunch hanging over his belt .
tr	O	It would not bring back to life the millions of Americans who died that night , and it would only double the suffering for the human race .
tr	O	And then he did , his lips touching the corner of her own so gently that she scarcely felt it at all .
tr	I	The third starts verse and I look between Cade and Jeremy , wondering who is up next .
tr	O	Styx was a demon who put the bad in badass .
tr	I	He slowly rode on the in dusty street towards the War Department , thinking of Faith Hanson and her long blonde hair .
tr	O	Suddenly , I am moving , but I don 't open my eyes to see where I 'm going .
tr	O	I hadn 't realized how much I 'd wanted to be his friend .
tr	I	I put head my to my forehead .
tr	O	They left me alone .
tr	I	She simply was herself .
tr	O	It took a lot of skill in using Craft to vanish one object and call in another so smoothly a person couldn 't see the transition .
tr	O	I knew the answer was more for Alan than me , and Alan began to calm down .
tr	O	What kind of beasts could hurt someone like Ren ?
tr	O	Why , oh why hadn 't she just kept her thoughts to herself ?
tr	I	That his got attention .
tr	I	What did these creatures think was beneath the dirty tarp on wagon the ?
tr	I	It 's like I 've been holding all this inside love for so long , afraid to let it out .
tr	O	We agreed that we would indeed do nothing .
tr	I	Apparently is he still uncertain as to our numbers .
tr	O	They bared all that was vulnerable and pure in him .
tr	O	All I could do was hug my sister , because my mind was on me never being with the only guy I ever loved .
tr	O	I watched my words .
tr	O	I gave Ashley the same reason I gave Corrine .
tr	I	I wanted to cringe but didn I 't dare move .
tr	I	A new world to needed be colonized .
tr	I	Lauren had decided to toss Clara 's log in for good measure and she wondered if any of the energy positive had taken hold .
tr	I	I played baseball my freshman year of high school but dropped out when I found out I was better at cars sports than .
tr	I	So they wouldn 't have access to the kind of technology required a for molecular transfer .
tr	I	I slowly closed locker my and looked at Michael with wide eyes .
tr	O	Maybe it was because my head felt better and the bruising was switching colors , indicating that some healing was going on somewhere in my body .
tr	O	This moment could last an eternity and it still wouldn 't be long enough .
tr	I	Or may be a trap laid out for him by evil the powers to stop him from conforming to his daily observance .
tr	O	The walls looked like they were armored .
tr	O	Marie drew her eyebrows together .
tr	I	His sigh was weary irritable and .
tr	O	His eyes laid hold of a scene beyond anything he could ever have imagined .
tr	O	It was a decent place to break , so I went to the kitchen and searched the fridge and cabinets .
tr	I	How she could make him see reason ?
tr	I	Until he needed 'd them to be lovers .
tr	I	Maybe you gauge can the health of a society by the health of the families in that society .
tr	I	The coffee maker began to burble hiss and .
tr	O	She was still bein ' nice at first .
tr	I	We stay that way a for moment before , finally , he lowers me back to the ground and lets go of me .
tr	I	The guard in his green jacket held his head in a slight as bow he listened to Jake , sometimes talking but mostly listening .
tr	O	The floor was hardwood , with a few throw rugs scattered here and there .
tr	O	And he shares it as you sleep underneath me , my seed leaking from between your legs .
tr	I	I looked her at , incredulously .
tr	I	Nick squirmed , and bent his knees until his could hands get a grip on his ankles .
tr	I	Mrs. Kahn and Eric disappeared into the den , and Noel excused himself the to bathroom , leaving Aria all alone in the cavernous kitchen .
tr	O	Monty 's scream was a mixture of elation and agony .
tr	O	He handed me his card .
tr	I	We may be to able guide one another toward understanding things of a new and profound character .
tr	O	He had gone into his room .
tr	I	He 's social suicide , and the fact that they used to be friends best does not help her any .
tr	O	A frown creased the woman 's forehead as she regarded her son .
tr	O	Do you think I didn 't know about his philandering ?
tr	O	I know he was hinting about the date with Tyler , but I didn 't tell him it had been cancelled .
tr	O	I couldn 't let myself trust him again .
tr	I	He my read mind .
tr	I	I never anything saw out of the ordinary .
tr	O	Mental illness does not run in families .
tr	O	But now I realized the fire was gone .
tr	I	His club over hovered a few flower bulbs .
tr	O	So I cracked the lid open , and my breath caught in my throat .
tr	I	One such port opened the on cliffs of Peru , four thousand feet above the shoreline .
tr	O	They 'd always been close .
tr	O	The old man 's eyebrow lifted , and he nodded .
tr	O	Ava stared at him as if she didn 't recognize him .
tr	O	There was a hollowness in the pit of my stomach that I didn 't like .
tr	O	She hesitates in as her hand is placed on the door .
tr	I	Or he maybe was just like that .
tr	O	The chances that Jeff had lied , too , were too remote to even consider .
tr	I	They are to trying determine his involvement at this time .
tr	I	The Abbey 's nave was even more crowded the than lawn , the air humid and stuffy with bodies and the noise level deafening .
tr	I	I don 't care why you 're here in pretending to be doing something .
tr	O	Shayne had stripped me of it all .
tr	O	He was drawing too much attention from Jessie .
tr	I	Gas stations and fast food restaurants lined the wide street , way giving to a several small strip malls and a grocery store .
tr	I	I hope you and I can be reasonable people ... in an situation unreasonable . '
tr	I	And started taking his off jacket .
tr	O	It made sense about Lando , because he couldn 't grasp even the most basic concepts of math or grammar .
tr	I	I wish I take could it all back .
tr	I	She couldn find 't her cane .
tr	O	For once , she had used her ability for good : to save someone she greatly lo - admired .
tr	O	Our people have been ever on the rise .
tr	I	He continued dancing without an missing orchestral beat .
tr	O	I am a woman ; my path and destination is love and intimacy .
tr	I	I sat on George 's favorite chair and he sat on my lap so he could close be to it .
tr	I	He 'll beat on outta here quick if he still thinks he might able be to catch me .
tr	O	As bad as is was , the condition of his prized possession barely registered .
tr	O	Some of our kind experimented with feeding off other vampires .
tr	O	That was the end of St. Bonaventure .
tr	O	Chapter 14 Graduation Four Weeks Later .
tr	I	Something dark descended over 's Theo face as it turned to stone .
tr	O	No hand , not even a vampire 's , is swifter than thought .
tr	O	Figurines were stacked on top of each other , probably a few hundred total .
tr	I	I do need to go to the doctor 's and I my forgot keys , so I should ask him for a ride .
tr	I	The Governor has asked me to describe a number of events that have brought been on by yesterday 's tragedy .
tr	I	Obviously he was completely unconcerned whether she with stayed him or not .
tr	I	I must have a had million hits .
tr	I	Carson cursed again as he saw the blood that completely coated the underside Wren of 's chest .
tr	O	The Crimson Cosmo Jewel he calls it .
tr	O	We 'll find some water soon enough and maybe some berries .
tr	I	Dominic as says if I am clueless to this fact .
tr	I	We can go still , just climb inside and not look back .
tr	I	The unmistakable scent burnt of plastic filled the room .
tr	O	I had the sudden urge to snatch it from her .
tr	I	She thought about all of times the Cody had used that word in their relationship .
tr	O	The crown sat there ominously , and I glanced at the old man .
tr	I	A picture of jogger a with some senseless cliché below the outrageous obesity of the women .
tr	O	The previous night had been crazy but even it hadn 't included Class-A drugs , something his naïve life had never led him to .
tr	O	The skillet came flying back to him .
tr	I	Her husband had never told her anything about the so lodge she wasn 't surprised that he 'd never spoken of this friend .
tr	I	Also , once they get here they will need to get past the security system , and not I even know how to do that .
tr	I	I write all morning , across every piece of paper I until own my desk , the drawers , my backpack are all empty .
tr	O	Maddox offered no response .
tr	O	She winked at him cheekily .
tr	I	If I 't don , fine .
tr	O	There was my old Super Nintendo system sitting in the corner , but that would net me at the most a couple hundred dollars .
tr	I	I jerked off my sunglasses and gave her stare the .
tr	I	My splattered vision to white , yellows and red as I got knocked down on the ground , bruised , tasting blood on my lips .
tr	O	It did look much like the slug he had tossed when he first arrived .
tr	I	I had do to something .
tr	O	All right , they were working together without arguing .
tr	O	Thankfully , her granny and Mr. Milton approached the bonfire .
tr	I	Ruby 's smile a was sad caricature and I tried not to grimace .
tr	I	Glowing eyes red hung ten feet above the ground .
tr	I	Everything inside of her turned ice to .
tr	O	But I 'm not looking for another roommate right away .
tr	O	Her pantyhose swish as she walks between some cubicles .
tr	I	The black T-shirt across stretched his chest and flat stomach .
tr	I	Finally , was this it .
tr	O	Her body , now that it was hers again , seemed to pulse with life .
tr	I	He didn 't want to be apart from anymore her .
tr	I	I asked , to trying be difficult .
tr	O	Once she gets through her crowd of admirers her eyes scan the people before landing on us .
tr	I	Kylie slid her phone her in pocket .
tr	O	That alone was worth a thousand other compromises .
tr	O	It just got worse and worse .
tr	I	I 't can seem to help it .
tr	I	We should be safe if we can it make there by dawn .
tr	O	He 'd caught only a glimpse of her as she turned the corner , but that glimpse stuck in his mind .
tr	O	But something didn 't make sense .
tr	O	He shot at him .
tr	O	She wondered if this much happiness could last .
tr	O	She opened her eyes wide and started to struggle in his grip .
tr	O	That 's the direct result of paranoia , the kind that happens when anyone who speaks out is ruthlessly suppressed .
tr	I	It hit her then , gravity the of what she 'd done .
tr	I	Rita sat holding Buck in an lock eye for a few seconds before she replied .
tr	O	She sat opposite the Ember , across a small pine table .
tr	I	He bent retrieve to the weapon and then tossed it to the side .
tr	O	' She wanted to show me her new dress and to tell me she is going to Kent . '
tr	I	His softly hands skimmed from her face down her neck .
tr	O	These two have been building a grudge match for more than a year , and it 's all the more violent because they were once best friends .
tr	I	So after thinking things over , I decided I was okay having with a really hot ghost haunt me .
tr	I	My eyes as wide saucers .
tr	O	Toward the second staircase .
tr	I	Did he walk on fours all or did he have eight legs ?
tr	I	Some of you wish may to be elsewhere .
tr	I	I 'm virgin a !
tr	O	The crossbow in question was smaller than most , designed to shoot shorter bolts .
tr	O	Errol came striding into the room , wearing the same antiquated suit Kendra and Seth had become familiar with .
tr	O	She could never outrun them , and if they charged , she would probably empty her magazine and not hit one .
tr	I	This was all fault my .
tr	I	Holding back a would smile have been impossible .
tr	I	I unable am to control my anger now .
tr	O	I turn away and sit down on the edge of the mat so I can put my tennis shoes back on .
tr	I	The two wolves rol ed and over over together , bumping into the shins of those who goaded them on .
tr	I	Rocco realized that his driver stopped had and looked up , his mind slowly registering that they were at his home .
tr	I	He had no doubt he outlast could her .
tr	I	The sun was well up , and outside was very bright , to thanks the snow cover .
tr	O	The date for my transformation was tentatively set for shortly after my graduation from high school , only a handful of weeks away .
tr	O	He could hardly believe what was happening .
tr	I	I know it sounds crazy , but he actually me forced out of the castle and he wouldn 't even explain why !
tr	I	Layton was dead a man , one way or the other .
tr	O	She boasted to everyone that she was going to call him Zane because he was her strong little man .
tr	O	This is not the first time my birth mother has called us from a police station .
tr	O	Being adored is a rather pleasant way to pass the time , wouldn 't you say ?
tr	I	But remember our country is small and so is our source petroleum .
tr	I	His thumb stopped stroking and fingers his sifted up into my hair , putting pressure on so my lips touched his .
tr	O	At this point we 're not sure if he was trying to commit suicide , or if he was trying to get high .
tr	O	He looked back down at the white square in front of him and stepped into it .
tr	O	But that was okay .
tr	O	She pointed it toward her enemy , but Max stood over him .
tr	O	- No , I am not moving at all .
tr	O	Shut up , get in the car , and let me get us out of here .
tr	O	She gladly talked about some parties and people you have to know .
tr	O	She turned to Ibrahim .
tr	I	Even as a freshman , Kelly took of lots space in the yearbook .
tr	O	Jess looked at Johnnie and he kissed her .
tr	I	I study it for a second and I wonder if I place should it back on my finder , but that does not appeal .
tr	I	But Darius was nephew my .
tr	O	She couldn 't be vampire .
tr	I	Rhona knew this argument wasn over 't , though .
tr	I	Please know you your and family are in my and Callum 's thoughts .
tr	I	He climbed the into first wagon .
tr	O	I 'm really a pretty boring person once you get to know me .
tr	I	Each nervously carried a medium-sized sack in arms his .
tr	O	He capped the vial and set it in his hand-held machine .
tr	I	We see could clearly the walls and ground directly ahead of us , but beyond that , there was total blackness .
tr	O	Eye rolling would be torturous .
tr	I	Nicolas walked over and in squatted front of the doctor .
tr	O	Gray saw through the smoke and mirrors to the person underneath that camouflage .
tr	I	I tried to him push under as he grabbed my arms and pushed me back .
tr	O	Cassidy gave him a look that didn 't bode well for Eric 's future , but she subsided .
tr	O	I pray that God gives you strength ... gives you understanding .
tr	I	Most of our get patients to see them .
tr	O	It also meant , however , that it was the most difficult school Gansey had ever been to .
tr	O	We expected to find a redundant backup somewhere .
tr	I	That pure confidence , the ability to command control and conquer universe the oozed off of some people .
tr	O	Her laugh was sardonic .
tr	O	He 'd envisioned spending the night with her many times over the years , but none of those visions ever included him using a spare bedroom .
tr	I	Do I look an like armed robber ?
tr	O	Dan nodded as he pushed the down button to summon the elevator .
tr	I	He did look a little like his brother big after all .
tr	O	Mat tried his best to sleep , but he couldn 't close his eyes , much less relax .
tr	O	Once in front of the house , I looked to see if he was following me .
tr	I	I it figured couldn 't hurt .
tr	O	This is the main doorway into unseen worlds , but very few venture beyond the entrance porch .
tr	I	Simon 's vampire vision it tracked .
tr	O	It was like eating a slug , the way the whole thing went slithering down her throat .
tr	I	She dialed her home number , and Mike picked up phone the .
tr	I	She looked over him at , the concern in his eyes showing clearly , and she began to talk .
tr	O	He nudged it wider and saw that someone had returned his pack .
tr	O	She squealed and swatted him away .
tr	O	she called back , tying back her crimson hair into a knot , shouldering past me without making any kind of acknowledgement .
tr	I	Matthew could only laugh at the being accusations made against him .
tr	O	She was focused on reading the first paragraph that she did not notice Mrs. Chandler standing behind her .
tr	O	It took a few minutes to remember where I was and why .
tr	O	Let your compassion be moved , and do not disdain me .
tr	O	Sooner or later they make a monkey out of all of us - dress us up and make us dance .
tr	O	Josh and Grace followed them .
tr	I	I my shook head and let the numbness ease me .
tr	I	It doesn 't help that he closed door the behind us .
tr	O	And I 'm not about to tell him .
tr	O	They parted ways at the top of the pedestrian walkway exit of Kyoto station not far from the entrance to the hotel .
tr	O	The night air brushed at her skin , raising goosebumps and making her shiver .
tr	O	Her eyes falls to the king .
tr	O	Whither are you going ? '
tr	O	The sound of a door closing made Claire 's heart skip a beat .
tr	I	Of course , he hadn 't seen that many , but even knew vampires that brides were supposed to have some kind of inner glow .
tr	I	Taking her left hand his in , he dropped the sight shield on his wedding ring for a moment .
tr	O	She 's aware that the instructor is watching her , which causes her shy nature to flare and exacerbates her anxiety .
tr	I	Slowly , though , he could recognize jumps and then the find pathways the competitors would be traveling .
tr	O	Did anyone predict the current financial meltdown until the week before it occurred ( that 's about as accurate as weather forecasting ) ?
tr	I	I danced until the sun set and sky the grew dark .
tr	I	She extended her hand , I and took it .
tr	O	A credit card offer .
tr	O	I moaned as I gripped the towel to steady myself .
tr	I	And that her dad wouldn make 't things too unbearable .
tr	I	Chessie immediately resettled into her and seat a vaguely amused air settled about her .
tr	I	I walked back the into bathroom to shave .
tr	I	The gold band gleamed around her finger , giving Paul a sense deep of satisfaction .
tr	I	Abe ran around to side his of the car and tried to open the door .
tr	O	Sarah knew she wouldn 't be getting another psychic reading any time soon .
tr	O	The urgency in his voice was palpable .
tr	I	Rumor had it the sole reason Sarah took riding lessons was to Greg get to notice her .
tr	O	He paused as he heard the gentle growl of an outboard motor .
tr	O	Pressed , pristine , soft , white and it fits me perfectly .
tr	I	Would better work in town for her .
tr	O	Joan knocked on the door to Milton 's room .
tr	O	He laced his fingers in mine .
tr	O	Hey , piano man , are your hands too precious to hold a paintbrush ?
tr	O	He wanted to tap into its being , and make it bow to his will .
tr	I	She into shouted the darkness as red sparks flew from her fingertips .
tr	O	Which also meant she 'd have a weekend alone at home , her first solo weekend in a long , long time .
tr	O	' You mean -- ' Tomas started .
tr	O	Ren e smiled politely , and turned back to Martin .
tr	I	Jared said , cocking fist his back once again to hit Jin .
tr	I	Mary Ellen had told her that gentlemen liked to know they are admired and she had certainly her taken friend 's advice to heart !
tr	O	Maybe he 'd been a bit of a drag lately .
tr	I	After only thirty minutes , was I wondering how much more I could take .
tr	O	With her powerful legs she propelled her body entirely out of the water .
tr	O	Soon the room was crawling .
tr	I	His instincts warned him to put as much as distance possible between him and these men .
tr	O	She isn 't calling herself Ali anymore .
tr	O	A way to shun the pain and neglect my shame .
tr	O	To stop seeing the way Tia 's shoulders tremble and Ross 's legs are unable to support him without the wall .
tr	I	We 'd brought his back body .
tr	I	Stacy was wearing still the necklace .
tr	I	Tavi ground his teeth sheer in frustration , his hands balling into fists .
tr	I	He drove across , remembering his grandfather him taking to Mercer Island when he was young .
tr	O	James 's voice grew louder .
tr	I	To humor her , he went over tried and to stand it up straight .
tr	O	She closed her eyes and locked her jaws on a groan .
tr	O	Blood instantly spilled from the wound , and he stretched out his arm , forcing each drop to fall into her mouth .
tr	I	She remembered her pain at seeing the sisters pass in the hallways , regarding one another fear with , suspicion and distrust .
tr	O	But everything that appeared on the screen seemed so real to them that their amazement knew no bounds .
tr	I	She alternated squeezing and patting Alaric 's hand , her eyes as troubled she rubbed her burgeoning belly with her other hand .
tr	O	We both loved it and loved the nickname Chris for both a boy and a girl .
tr	O	As we cross the lawn to them , they look up and see us and both grin at the same time .
tr	O	Why do you think I keep coming down here ?
tr	I	Without needing sleep on a nightly basis , the jetlag facet of travel was eliminated completely .
tr	O	Commitment wasn 't one of her problems .
tr	I	He stood to one side she as parked .
tr	O	He whipped the Jackson Industries pistol from his holster and leveled it at Bloor .
tr	O	With lips pursed , she shook her head .
tr	I	Her snapped eyes open .
tr	O	Flames have incinerated most of the first floor and are minutes away from the family .
tr	O	This particular area , near the head of the Red River , was called Natchitoches .
tr	I	His only weapon is faith , and he 's running out bullets of .
tr	I	I looked at up the sound of my name , but that was as far as I got .
tr	O	He moved to set up but backed off .
tr	O	My role in construction of the carrier was concerned with the engineering of the ships advanced weapons and communication systems .
tr	I	Paula called , carrying what looked like very a heavy tray of scones .
tr	I	Lifting his head , he down looked at her and she opened her eyes as if needing to see him as tension coiled tighter and tighter within .
tr	O	The voices began creeping back .
tr	O	She reached in front of me on the table and retrieved her marker .
tr	I	Her lips throbbed , her burned face from sharp whiskers , and the imprint of his body left no illusion about how much he desired her .
tr	O	She was the same age as Alexander and , even at a young age , was jealous of Alexander 's relationship with the young Olivia .
tr	I	Good manners made reply her accordingly .
tr	I	Just cover with it the same sheet .
tr	O	Parting the cascade of dark hair were two horns that curved inward .
tr	O	There 's a killer out there .
tr	O	This story is first and foremost a romance , the body of which revolves around the sorrows , dreams , and emotional healings of its characters .
tr	O	She was seated at a table covered with wine bottles in gift packages reading the cards aloud when she got another surprise .
tr	O	Zeus knew never to bring up our mother .
tr	I	Through the open court doors Neil could hear the crowd jeering and the cheering short fight .
tr	O	There was nothing else for me to do .
tr	O	I hear a whoop of glee as Ethan and Grady land behind me .
tr	I	Cory shot off his line but stopped at the penalty spot area , frozen to the ground , not sure to what do .
tr	O	Grace was talking to me .
tr	O	He paused and studied the buildings outside the window .
tr	I	Maybe another time will I tell her about that scam .
tr	O	The soundproofing was only so good .
tr	O	And to do anything else to her that she 'd let him do .
tr	I	Somewhere , dripped water .
tr	O	She took me up on my offer , knowing that I 'd be there with Jacob .
tr	O	Plus , people seem to like you more , pay more attention to you , ' despite her mood , she couldn 't help but smile .
tr	I	Each one opened a gateway to a hellish realm he would have done anything to step of clear .
tr	O	Then she heard it .
tr	O	Julia saw it when she got home around ten .
tr	O	My mother seemed to think that every woman in her thirties should be married with children .
tr	O	A white-collar was about to turn state evidence and wanted security before he met with the police .
tr	I	A movement beyond the backseat window of the limousine caught 's everyone attention and Harvey reached to open the door .
tr	I	Pros have several sets of IDs rent and houses on no-name islands in the Caribbean .
tr	I	She at looks Matt .
tr	O	He stepped closer , looking down at me .
tr	I	He squeezes hand my tightly .
tr	O	It was like watching one of those old kungfu movies .
tr	O	She pulled her stethoscope to her ears , leaned over and moved it around until she found the spots she wanted .
tr	O	I need to get going , or I 'll be trapped on board .
tr	O	From the inside of his jacket he pulled a small plastic container with two slices of pie .
tr	O	It stopped when it touched the ground forming a ramp .
tr	I	I at look Ashley .
tr	O	Now it was time to watch Cotton Malone 's luck run out .
tr	O	Chunks of snow kept breaking off , but she didn 't hear anything afterwards .
tr	O	You know the number one rule is to always have an anchor .
tr	O	' What did you come for ? '
tr	I	It what was she 'd been thinking , anyway .
tr	O	And wondering about the dream .
tr	I	The fog began to diminish as Saga began make to out the figure .
tr	O	Her golden eyebrows furrow together .
tr	O	The herbal liquid brought a soothing relief to the aching , searing wound .
tr	I	Evie up sits , wrapping the sheets around her .
tr	I	It 's not going to be the same them without .
tr	I	I remember the massive amount of blood that soaked into carpet the around her .
tr	I	Whoever sent these guys out 't couldn really expect them to accomplish anything .
tr	I	Some engineer found that the soil under the building was soft and unstable ; it needed an foundation unusual just to keep the building up .
tr	O	Mason and his two heavies walked behind Graham and a Constable with the cell keys .
tr	I	I here got as soon as I saw what had happened .
tr	I	An awful acknowledgement , she told herself , since this made Roberts Mr. no more dear to her than a man she 'd just met .
tr	I	Diamonds flickering their messages final .
tr	O	Once I 'm in physical contact with the group , Bec speaks .
tr	I	Tori went to room her .
tr	O	She claimed she was trying to do something nice - throw a party for me , not for her or for the both of us .
tr	O	I was shaken as I buried my head in the Chemistry book again .
tr	O	Blue hydrangeas filled every corner .
tr	I	But he didn care 't .
tr	I	When got they to the Jaguar Josef handed the keys to Whitlock .
tr	O	Small blue dots littered the page without explanation .
tr	I	I 'm excited about that , but here 's what I 'm really stoked about : I caught a from blip the MAV !
tr	O	After lunch , Maris had gone crazy , shooting her sister and five others with an unregistered weapon before taking her own life .
tr	O	The last threat , when Susannah told Chrissie she couldn 't live in the house after this summer , was a moot point .
tr	O	He pointed to the red lake .
tr	O	Ned woke to an ache in his thigh so intense he thought he 'd throw up .
tr	I	These were Reboots good .
tr	I	My mouth to opened refuse him .
tr	O	She was already thirty-four and she wanted to have her baby before she hit the ripe and troublesome age of thirty-five .
tr	I	Wade and Amelia against stood a wall in mirrored stances , their arms crossed over their chests .
tr	I	He 't didn follow on her heels .
tr	O	She swallowed and had trouble catching her breath .
tr	I	Then I can it release , but it 'll still need to be repaired .
tr	I	I back pull to get a better look at her .
tr	I	The familiar fear of not measuring up to this woman 's impossible threatened standards to rise , only to be fiercely dismissed .
tr	I	What 's he doing it for all ? '
tr	O	With both of my hands armed , I scanned from left to right , taking in every detail .
tr	I	He sat next her to .
tr	I	Despite the many attempts , challenge the has still never been successfully accomplished .
tr	O	I had a bad feeling about this too .
tr	I	Maybe there were no sensors here , but the Alchemists would immediately notice if the was gas shut off on the level with the solitary cells .
tr	O	She shook her head and let out a little laugh .
tr	O	She 'd have to be careful not to become too dependent upon the crutch .
tr	I	Ryan and Timmy fought over breakfast , and Ryan whined having about to be with a sitter all day .
tr	I	She bounced on balls the of her feet beside him .
tr	O	His memory still hadn 't returned .
tr	I	Connie held up her hands defeat in .
tr	I	Whatever it was must have on continued its way .
tr	I	That 's I all 'm going to say .
tr	I	She 'd leave that to Tim the and girls .
tr	I	He to seemed be the type of fellow who could read emotions better than those around him .
tr	O	Julie crossed her arms and listened to the water as it rushed beneath the bow .
tr	O	The words felt right to say , although not nearly enough to describe the emotion he felt .
tr	O	Then she opened her mouth and stuck out what remained of her tongue .
tr	O	And the brain will eventually lose signal completely with certain parts of the body , like the legs , for example .
tr	I	David couldn 't have followed out her of the cabin if he 'd wanted .
tr	O	He was so hot it practically singed her skin .
tr	I	Well , his memory 's not failing , anyway , Katrina comforts herself Charlie about 's mental state .
tr	O	He walked around the desk and sat down , still chuckling .
tr	O	Surely she can 't find a way to make that generous offer into a tantrum .
tr	I	Julie Nora and fall sleep .
tr	O	Just kindly hand them over . '
tr	O	He forced a fake smile .
tr	O	It was a call he 'd always expected to make but thought the situation could be controlled for a little while longer .
tr	O	Being so close to him this time , I could see where the markings came from .
tr	I	So was the old bridge with the fast rushing current away beneath it .
tr	I	Dexter asked , ignoring Jeff comment 's .
tr	I	And he then reached out for me .
tr	I	Phyllis looked over Clive at .
tr	I	Nor did the five other broken bones , plus injuries internal .
tr	I	He catch could thoughts at times .
tr	O	But I didn 't think he 'd been working against everything the Keepers represent , which is to protect humanity , not destroy it .
tr	O	As he chanted , Dayne glowed much like Tam had in the caves .
tr	O	We were so careful , or we tried to be .
tr	I	Without any time to respond , the Mazda smashed over shard the of wood , and almost immediately I felt it .
tr	O	Hopefully she 'd calmed down and had thought it through .
tr	I	She bent over the box , and the opened cover .
tr	I	Nobody had ever me made so crazy .
tr	I	None of had them been like this .
tr	I	The same thought had to be going through Uriel mind 's .
tr	I	People turned to at look him ; he was talking to himself again , wasn 't he ?
tr	O	I realized then , that particular assassin was not the only one out there with murderous intentions .
tr	I	If it hadn 't been for Chandler , would she be dead now .
tr	O	The hotel security team were not trained in such matters .
tr	I	Tommy needs like you air .
tr	I	Marie nudged Sabrina 's calf using the tip of foot her .
tr	O	Now they were hurtling through the narrow streets of inner city London at breakneck speed , Arnold looking more frenzied and disturbed than ever .
tr	I	She thrashed , kicking viciously , but Scylla her held tight .
tr	O	They 'd travel the length of the country for eight dates of colossal arena and stadium venues before filming two videos somewhere around Brighton .
tr	O	I was humming softly , counting the hours until sundown , when a man and a woman entered the store .
tr	O	Letting her hand slip lower on his belly , she felt him tense again .
tr	I	Gregor rolled over onto his and stomach looked over Ares 's shoulder , but of course he could see nothing without light .
tr	I	William Conqueror the , they used to call him .
tr	I	It 's a wonder any of his children had remained speaking on terms with him .
tr	O	He caught the direction of my stare .
tr	I	He drove out of the parking lot and turned the on street , headed for Terry 's house .
tr	O	A thought occurred to me , and I put the hat on .
tr	O	One tricky thing was that McKay had been killed with the same gun as Barrett .
tr	O	How else could he have known what they were plotting ?
tr	I	He had his last man pinned to the snow and repeatedly was hammering an elbow down into the man 's face .
tr	O	Greta 's need flowed through her .
tr	O	The pain spread from my chest , settling in my bones .
tr	O	We collapse on the lawn of a house halfway down the block and recoup .
tr	O	He knew he had feelings for her but to what extent he did not want to admit .
tr	I	Taylor died on Valentine Day 's two years ago .
tr	I	But if the only way she was going to see man the was later in the week , then she 'd have to settle for that .
tr	O	I wave away , but Ashton is already grabbing my hand and placing it on his biceps .
tr	O	He was wondering how to break the silence , but couldn 't decide .
tr	I	The man was leaning against the structure , showing the same infuriatingly broad as grin before .
tr	O	But it was enough to cast doubt on his grandfather 's sanity , and he was learning to think of that as a good thing .
tr	I	She only got halfway through when held she her stomach and threw it down .
tr	O	Many , many times .
tr	O	Usually , I 'm the one who bails out of these kinds of situations , which makes me wonder what she 's running from .
tr	I	His eyebrows together knitted in anger .
tr	O	And yet she possessed a freshness that gave her a stable quality .
tr	O	He climbed into a passing pedestrian , vanished , then a few seconds later appeared across the street .
tr	I	Let 's try to some maintain decorum .
tr	I	The sun beats down on our shoulders , drying my hair and warming my bones chilled .
tr	I	Boyd , youngest the of them , called .
tr	O	Your father always had to know the answers to everything .
tr	I	Within seconds had James followed .
tr	I	He held for a few seconds , exhaling a breath warm through his nose .
tr	O	In fact , he had seemed to prefer it , claiming battle too bloody for his tastes .
tr	O	Remember , no one , I repeat no one , is allowed to leave the group .
tr	I	Small mumbled whispers out trickled from his lips .
tr	I	I 've never seen a girl look so without sexy trying .
tr	I	Haze past darted me .
tr	I	I did take his hand , and he had a gentle firm but grip .
tr	I	She leaned him toward .
tr	O	Were Phoenix and Jagger getting in each other ' s faces ?
tr	O	Because she was dangerous .
tr	I	He practically to had drag me downstairs .
tr	I	The picture of Peyton hugging Brady that he 'd put on the console stared up at him as he rounded the and corner parked .
tr	I	Still feeling a little shell-shocked , I into headed the living room .
tr	O	Through this blindness the zealot incurred the wrath of those who ruled the city ; coming to be feared as the Dark Magus .
tr	O	I looked behind me to make sure that my brother wasn 't watching my back .
tr	O	If he hadn 't been in the mining business he would probably not even know where Marat was on the map of Africa .
tr	I	Blood was rushing through his ears , blocking out the noise as his hands strained against the and rope his mind searched frantically for a solution .
tr	O	I know I 'll have to face her ; I just want one more day of normalcy .
tr	O	I sat down where I was .
tr	O	Still , he had faith in her common sense .
tr	O	What have you done to them ?
tr	I	' Sure thing , just talk to our department IT .
tr	O	I risked peeking up at him .
tr	I	He with continued the rest of the strawberries and finally looked up at me when he was finished .
tr	O	Bullets ricocheted off the cars to his right .
tr	O	I tell myself as I look in the mirror .
tr	I	I hopped a ship when I thirteen was and landed on Antibes Prime .
tr	O	The gurgling of water could be heard somewhere .
tr	I	The was face both soft and hard , hopeless and longing .
tr	O	I 'm reading his thoughts and making them mine .
tr	O	She felt like wrapping her fingers around his neck and squeezing till he begged for mercy .
tr	I	I like felt hugging my car .
tr	I	Familiar landmarks flashed by -- with Slide Clyde , the Grilled Mermaid .
tr	O	Flawless skin that exquisitely emphasized and flattered the physical structure beneath .
tr	O	So let 's say you have two weeks to convince me to hate you .
tr	I	Ellis watched as the body moved in the darkness , walking down slowly the hallway in their direction .
tr	O	Calm yourself on this account , insofar as it concerns me .
tr	O	The wind gritted against the window .
tr	O	A form and its sword lunged at her .
tr	I	She 'd lifted the man shirt 's up , and was eating into his stomach .
tr	O	He could help her , he supposed , but Sable wouldn 't appreciate it .
tr	O	I stepped all the way out , searching for the fall en angel .
tr	O	I could make out the handle of the door .
tr	I	Jeremy made his way back to his chair and did as he told was .
tr	I	He scanned the entire perimeter , around and the house .
tr	O	Mortimer had noticed as much when they 'd toured this cottage .
tr	O	It looks like we are in the early stages now , so no need to worry too much .
tr	O	Heart beating madly , she stepped closer , moving around the tree .
tr	I	He walked away me from , his boots thumping through the forest loudly .
tr	I	He 'd loved the cufflinks and she adored 'd the rubies .
tr	O	Her damp heat clamped around him .
tr	I	The bright sun filled the woods light with rays and shadows .
tr	O	Pia was still as tight as the time he 'd taken her virginity .
tr	O	They were gone by the time the camera noticed them ?
tr	O	She was surprised to feel how quickly her heart was thumping .
tr	O	Bat had taken his place at the DJ booth , but there was no music yet .
tr	I	Phoenix tensed next to me ; his fingers gripped the table for a brief before moment his shoulders sagged .
tr	O	Walt smiled as if he 'd gotten the response he wanted .
tr	O	Max shakes his head .
tr	O	I tucked my head between my knees and tried to regain composure .
tr	O	I scoot back down on the bed and roll to my side to face the frosted window .
tr	O	Not for his sake , but for Nate 's , because he 's much less likely to snap at his son when he 's feeling jovial .
tr	I	Adrenalin surged through me , I and felt myself light up like a firecracker .
tr	O	I 'd assumed she 'd be different .
tr	I	She shook her head , pretty her mouth twisted in a humorless smile .
tr	O	I imagined , in this analogy , the sharks would instead be hoping to feast on my drama , my dismay , and my discomfort .
tr	O	Then he runs out to center field , puts on his mitt , faces home plate , and waits a few seconds .
tr	O	Shay stepping between him and the tormenting trolls .
tr	I	Few laboratories were at down this level .
tr	O	I don 't believe they use that word , ' said his father . '
tr	I	He finished as as quickly he could and pulled away .
tr	O	I tried to ignore the look of horror on Josie 's face .
tr	O	This was my fear , that those I loved might be lost .
tr	I	Two club country memberships .
tr	I	But I was young , and the miners a held degree of fascination with me because they were different .
tr	O	Rachel was Italian , part of a big , brimming family .
tr	O	So much for thinking he couldn 't get hard in his intoxicated condition .
tr	O	She shook her head .
tr	O	On their backs were figures lying in a twisted dangling clutch .
tr	I	I carefully take seat my .
tr	O	She took another step forward ; one more , and she 'd be close enough to touch him .
tr	O	I think you 're an attractive man .
tr	O	Chapter 77 The night was dark .
tr	O	I rolled my hands over my middle , expecting loose clothing and a flat stomach , my fingers pressing down .
tr	I	Hanna ground her molars together so furiously , her jaw started go to numb .
tr	I	Izzy at looked her aunt .
tr	I	was he all said .
tr	I	Her stubby hasten legs and shuffle away from me .
tr	I	He wore a patch over his injured eye and bandage a on his arm .
tr	I	His fight with Kathy didn seem 't to have bothered him .
tr	O	Two doors down would have him falling off a cliff , so it sounded good to me .
tr	O	Some of the partners have been aligning against me .
tr	I	I my rolled eyes .
tr	O	Melancholy swept over me and I stared out the window while she started the car .
tr	O	A few short hours I 'd startled awake .
tr	O	I threw on my robe and hurried downstairs .
tr	I	They were heading right me for .
tr	I	Claire pondered whether it was worth staying an extra night in Rotorua to just shake him off .
tr	O	Then I glanced over at him .
tr	I	Amin the maneuvered car through the light Northern Tehran traffic till he pulled ahead of the other vehicles that occupied the road .
tr	I	You need run to down the stairs down into the basement .
tr	I	Bianca Emerson laid 's Glock on the floor .
tr	I	I in awake the morning with Beast 's thick arm wrapped tightly around me .
tr	I	Unless he could see the lie in a truth , like could Henry .
tr	I	I grab her under arm her to help stabilize her .
tr	I	I need to stay from away him .
tr	I	I could not , however , get myself to sleep so I decided to reading continue the Protocol .
tr	I	My father stormed toward me , the vein in his neck bulging and his knuckles were white he as balled his fists .
tr	O	Shops were hastily closing their doors .
tr	I	My eyes are wide as I stare at my sister , her personality entire different than I 've ever seen her .
tr	I	We being 're tested now , and He 's watching .
tr	O	She wasn 't on her ship ?
tr	O	He called the girls and asked them to bring another vagabond .
tr	O	Maybe I don 't want to find anyone .
tr	I	Was he as honorable as believed Tug ?
tr	O	He couldn 't get a pulse .
tr	I	One in which our kind are the species dominant .
tr	I	Right now it was his duty to let the and commander chief know the bad news .
tr	O	' I 'm sure they will be . '
tr	I	Georgetown was a mess with many streets blackened .
tr	I	When the door swung shut , I slowly wheeled back to him , unable to keep the disgust of out my voice .
tr	O	He knew that Kelly was basically married in name only , that she and Mike might not even stay together .
tr	O	The floors are falling up .
tr	I	Where could be they if they weren 't at the house ?
tr	O	I swear it only lasted a second , but I was gorged with envy .
tr	O	The way she liked it .
tr	I	Then it to occurred me that I had forgotten to clean Oscar 's litter .
tr	O	Blake moved to the seat beside to her .
tr	I	That 's bravery takes to a whole new level .
tr	O	She snuck a glance at him .
tr	O	He left me , and I was amazed .
tr	I	And that was the always way with Mackenzie .
tr	O	The girl 's still got her head down , coughing to herself .
tr	I	Will he free early you ?
tr	I	She shook her head , finding it to hard speak , the pain lodged in her throat and chest , overwhelming .
tr	O	I need to get myself together .
tr	O	His breathing was labored and deep .
tr	I	At least , no one thought they involved were .
tr	I	Which made Sonia feel something too deeply .
tr	O	Raffaele guides me down into the secret tunnel again , the same direction we went when he tested my energy .
tr	I	He come might back , but he wasn 't getting in .
tr	I	Linda to turned him .
tr	O	The servants cheered and marched into the city , as Gnat continued to walk alongside and beat his drum .
tr	I	As evidenced by the painting following .
tr	O	She pressed the whole length of her body against him , molding herself to his shape .
tr	I	That , at least , true was .
tr	O	They both laugh and say they will in unison .
tr	I	Her gaze was fixed on strong his throat .
tr	O	I didn 't want to think about it ever .
tr	I	I felt helpless and didn 't even know where to sorting begin any of this out .
tr	O	He looked at me , and in that moment , I allowed myself to hope .
tr	O	I saw in her actions a trace of the old Claudia that I had known .
tr	I	I have to blink tears from my eyes before I can it see , what looks at first to be a group of dark buildings .
tr	I	There was nothing I wanted so much as to stay in that sorry bed motel , as long as Jack was in it .
tr	I	A sense of permeated relief through Emily even though her temples were aching .
tr	O	She 'd never lost her devotion to him , and I was forcing her to split her loyalties .
tr	I	And Blitz just is as stupid a name as Thor 's Hammer .
tr	O	Every apartment had a patio or balcony with its own entrance .
tr	I	It burns me now , but soon I will be able use to it freely , like the humans .
tr	I	Elizabeth laughed , presumably at my expression and lack of ability speaking .
tr	I	I my closed eyes .
tr	O	She shook her head .
tr	I	' He jumped out soon as as the action started . '
tr	O	I wiped away a sudden wetness on my cheek and heard Harry say goodbye to his dad .
tr	O	Chloe walked over and shook his hand .
tr	I	Why was telling he her this ?
tr	I	Strange destroyers churned through the city , everything obliterating in their path .
tr	I	She just didn 't want to get it into .
tr	I	Then I 'd have to admit to I myself really believed it .
tr	I	My face flushed felt .
tr	I	Why would she feel so good if wasn she 't his ?
tr	I	She took a look around , making they sure were alone .
tr	O	Just have a look at it . '
tr	I	She like looked some kind of supermodel .
tr	O	A loud blast rang from close by and smoke roiled above them across the rooftops .
tr	O	Not going to happen , old sport , his eyes seemed to say .
tr	O	Why would you tell me this ?
tr	I	Donna dropped the phone and began to in cry her hands .
tr	I	Cecil will be to worried death .
tr	I	When did get he to know me so well ?
tr	O	He had failed , there was no denying that .
tr	I	His face said all it in the video .
tr	O	Now take your stand .
tr	O	Her face hardened into that serious mask that she could sometimes slip into .
tr	O	But I found it hard to believe that I wouldn 't have felt something or seen something if I had traveled to a different universe .
tr	O	Simon fired two more shots into the crocodile 's stomach before it disappeared under the water .
tr	O	How in the world had he come into the picture ?
tr	I	Most of the neighboring shops had closed , and even the was marketplace now rapidly emptying .
tr	O	Just because she was terrified didn 't mean these men were necessarily a threat to her .
tr	I	Just a piece of a tree palm .
tr	O	Maybe Marcus would eventually break her tattoo .
tr	I	There was reply no .
tr	O	Her heightened senses magnified the sensation until it was almost unbearable .
tr	O	He paused , being more honest than he 'd ever been .
tr	O	My body tingled , and I was glad my parents were behind me because my face was on fire .
tr	I	At least it had automatic been when there was still electricity to run the motor .
tr	I	' I known 've him for centuries .
tr	I	Harriet sighed , wishing the boy were not astute so .
tr	O	The log that he had used to block the mouth had rotted , so he got another log .
tr	I	The sides the of eyes wrinkled as his smile grew wider .
tr	I	She knew if they put their minds to it , they expertly could force change .
tr	I	To make matters worse , I could no longer either see of them in the sky , and all sounds of their struggle had vanished .
tr	I	Two fingers on chin my , pinching gently .
tr	O	The door swung forward with a creak , and a waft of frigid air hit me in the face .
tr	O	I take it we sustained no other casualties ? '
tr	I	He finished lashing what remained of the blackened ferry deck a to mooring post on the wharf .
tr	I	He imagined her gratefulness and love , as he would no longer be alive see to it .
tr	I	The words brought a sensation , a like dagger going through his throat .
tr	O	The bruised and haunted look that wracked her features after he 'd kissed her bespoke deep scarring .
tr	O	Tilly nodded and sank back into the bushes .
tr	I	I pulled him closer , tangling my in hand his hair and gasping when I felt his fangs slide out .
tr	I	I just waited for whatever else he wanted say to so we could go .
tr	I	Is she really as innocent she as says ?
tr	I	Instead , he sternly shook head his no .
tr	O	I want to hear it from someone who isn 't completely captivated by those big , dumb dragon eyes of his .
tr	I	The driver had a shrill accent that reminded Joey his of days in the Southeast Wrestling League .
tr	I	Jolene Betsy kissed 's cheek .
tr	O	Horace shot a look at Margo , who simply bowed her head in shame .
tr	I	* * * stared Adrien at Daniel , now standing on the opposite side of the room .
tr	O	The old man nodded slightly and turned around ; he walked back into the gloomy library .
tr	O	I pried it from the pocket of my tight miniskirt .
tr	O	Eager to restore their family 's prestige they flocked together to join me .
tr	I	Please watch as me Melanie and do this .
tr	O	All soft curves , including the curls in her brunette hair , she had sexy green eyes and pouty lips .
tr	O	It was nearing the end now .
tr	I	Santos broke the cookie in half a and handed a piece to each fuzzy .
tr	I	I can believe 't I liked Brian .
tr	O	But you 're a suspect in a murder investigation !
tr	O	And maybe Archer was right .
tr	O	In the end , my dad gave us three ironclad rules that we were bound to throughout our teenage years .
tr	I	His eyes into fade a beautiful shade of silver .
tr	I	I sighed , feeling more ancient then my twenty-eight years and glanced at phone my .
tr	O	It doesn 't budge but instead reaches for the door handle .
tr	O	' Because ugly sometimes has its own appeal . '
tr	O	I could go ask someone for a ride .
tr	I	' I wonder Miss Williams ... ' - John had already explained that Amy was his stepdaughter , with another surname - ' you Do ride ? '
tr	I	I 'd forgotten how much I having loved him answer my unspoken thoughts .
tr	O	Retrieving the old photo album , she sat with it on her knee for a moment .
tr	O	Sand , rocks , and pieces of debris , was all they could see .
tr	I	Julian in bellowed rage before lifting another shelf and heaving it across the room .
tr	O	The scientist started wiping his spectacles .
tr	I	He had to ignore that worry , it silence .
tr	O	She was going to cry when she saw it .
tr	I	Doug caves , crumbles , for gasps breath .
tr	O	She shook her head and I watched the red curls swish over her shoulders , blankly letting her words enter my head .
tr	I	' If 's it in my power to do so , ' answered the investigator .
tr	I	And being surrounded by such beauty and extravagance indeed was a privilege .
tr	O	I need to get away .
tr	O	She wanted to believe it , but she couldn 't .
tr	O	And a Black Widow and a Queen .
tr	I	After a few more minutes , I was conscious of the cold rail on my bottom , the and need to be moving .
tr	O	Just beyond that , to the right , was a staircase which led to the upper landing .
tr	O	I sit back down on the couch and tighten the elastic in my hair .
tr	O	Victory or defeat will be in the hands of the Slavs .
tr	I	We were told to face other each , and we did , our hands joined .
tr	I	The crew work had finished and I was alone .
tr	I	Jake rounds the corner , his face aghast as takes he me in .
tr	O	Monica didn 't rise to the bait .
tr	I	He sure as was heck going to try his best .
tr	O	You 're the one spending dollars there so call me right back .
tr	O	His hips begin to pick up off the bed , slamming into me as I sink down .
tr	O	Her eyes snapped up to mine .
tr	O	I let him put his arms around me , comforting me .
tr	I	He dusted his off cloak .
tr	I	The first said man .
tr	O	The boys were a year or two older than Melvyn and both were bigger so that they had nothing to fear .
tr	I	She cried out , panting , pushing back into his hand , wiggling her * h ps to entice and tempt him .
tr	O	I think you were in Boston 1905 more than you were in your own time and place .
tr	I	I was kind of hoping that childhood photos would make an sometime appearance during this visit .
tr	I	Below them was sheer a drop to the sea .
tr	I	Thomas screamed as loudly as could he , pointing frantically at their only means of escape .
tr	I	For all they knew , 'd I always fought back , and this was normal .
tr	O	Her narrow cheeks had widened and her sharp chin broadened out .
tr	O	It took less than two minutes to find out she came every other day .
tr	O	I kinda understood why my chair smelled like urine now .
tr	O	I bit back the urge to address the contradiction .
tr	O	They could still hear the stamping from here .
tr	I	It should be illegal for woman a to smell that good .
tr	O	Totally forgetting my lingerie , I bent at the waist .
tr	I	There was nothing them between .
tr	O	Gage The television flickers in the background of the family room as I lay on the couch waiting for Logan to show .
tr	I	Her voice not was her own - neither was mine .
tr	I	I up look at him from under my lashes .
tr	O	She caught him to him in no time , knocking him over and grabbing both of his wrists before he could wriggle away .
tr	O	Without hesitating , Thor opened his eyes , took two steps forward , reached back and hurled the spear .
tr	I	Saul 's head up whipped .
tr	I	Those were much better placed , although I would have a couple of dark for bruises weeks to come .
tr	I	A niggling voice little inside of Emily 's head said there were lots of things he should know , but she just shrugged .
tr	O	Dr. Phelps followed Dr. Holt to the 4x4 looking unhappy .
tr	I	Then we begin would to enter the fly 's world .
tr	I	She 'd obviously been crying , her in left hand she held a folded newspaper .
tr	I	Yes , indeed might you .
tr	O	He was a romantic , he knew it , and he guarded the knowledge jealously .
tr	O	The woman even made mention that she had seen a strange man heading into the home some time ago .
tr	I	The inventor placed a soft hand on 's Alexia upper arm .
tr	I	This time , his charm wasn 't going to be enough to get him out of the mess 'd he created .
tr	O	She was single but didn 't want to stay that way .
tr	I	I managed a smile weak .
tr	O	It appeared to be waiting for someone .
tr	O	Gregor gave it a couple of approving slaps .
tr	I	And Pollux has tears running down his cheeks because no doubt my freaky song has dredged up some terrible in incident his life .
tr	O	This she could do .
tr	I	Out of the corner of my eye , I saw Eddie glance back Jill at again .
tr	O	Now my own inhuman state was all I needed to protect me .
tr	I	He to pointed some fat man in a grey suit .
tr	I	He could not fight wolf the in human form ; it would be suicide .
tr	I	And yet , here I and went judged him .
tr	O	Did I miss it ?
tr	O	Dominic felt the sudden shift in his blood -- everything went quiet and still .
tr	O	This time around the Sullivan telepathy was working perfectly .
tr	O	Devious little plot hands rub together inside my head .
tr	I	Kade was hovering above me shaking and me .
tr	I	the man suited said , raising an eyebrow .
tr	O	She needed to get whatever was bothering her off her chest .
tr	I	Lori got off the bed , to striding the door .
tr	I	Excitement surged through his head and he began to feel a bit giddy and nervous at same the time .
tr	O	I needed to find Will ow .
tr	I	Longer than it should have been , decided he .
tr	O	Soon there would be no daylight through the clouds at all .
tr	O	I 'd filled out a lengthy roommate attribute preference sheet , and this girl appeared to have not one of those desired qualities .
tr	O	But immortality is such a great gift that it would only be bestowed on an individual who had something very precious to offer . '
tr	O	Six years from conception to production the first one is coming off the line now , six years of gruelling in such appalling state of recollection .
tr	I	Eveline woke and for a moment had no of recollection where she was .
tr	I	Everybody was at shooting me .
tr	I	He fought his own tears Delilah as winced with every step he took .
tr	O	He was more concerned for his brother .
tr	I	asked Preston as propeller the came to a complete stop and Carlos opened his Perspex canopy .
tr	I	I couldn 't help but smile at the comical look of shock absolute on Sebastian 's face .
tr	I	* The chandler house 's was well lit from within .
tr	O	Jamie knew exactly what he wanted her to say .
tr	O	She was a bundle of nerves with constant worry that like the countless others on the news , I would also be found dead .
tr	I	What will become of him the when fires come ; he mused .
tr	I	I light it up before right I reach a clearing .
tr	I	No words could express just how evil and vindictive had they been .
tr	O	But he could not help himself , was too desperate , greedy .
tr	I	I hadn 't started even drinking yet .
tr	I	An ugly gash in the recliner from stretches top to bottom and the stuffing flows out like intestines .
tr	I	Nearly out jumping of his shoes , Tappan lost hold of his hammer .
tr	O	I blow out a breath , looking at the wall beside me as he holds my weight up .
tr	I	The Elders are very on clear this ; under no circumstances are we to honour this request .
tr	O	* * * * The pale yellow room I 'd been assigned contained one small round window overlooking the beach .
tr	O	We worked the morning shift together that first day , and we clicked with the customers .
tr	O	Ruth straddled the man with the hinged club , sitting high on his chest , holding his wrists pinned beside his head .
tr	I	A dry mouth was the of least her worries .
tr	I	What if captured they him and are torturing him like Nicholas ?
tr	O	I took a deep breath and wiped the tears from my eyes .
tr	I	Now , Gandalf , you said that you had counsel to give , if I hear would it .
tr	O	He hung a right .
tr	I	She and Emma both seemed to know where they were going so I followed , glancing at beautiful the items for sale .
tr	O	He knew the water was close by , and it would support his body weight .
tr	O	But he knew she wouldn 't .
tr	I	I never wanted to be of part this . '
tr	O	Markman searched and found a nearby alley .
tr	O	And that was a lot !
tr	O	My mind began racing with other random implications of living in an attic for free before I stopped them .
tr	I	Alec in stepped front of her .
tr	I	He adds a few finishing touches to the drawing of me and holds then it up to inspect .
tr	I	David said that Nikolas seemed to feel bad about what had happened in past the .
tr	O	Marcus remains a few steps back .
tr	O	We 'd been talking nonstop ever since he 'd folded in .
tr	I	It was ace the of diamonds .
tr	I	There a 's whimper from the crumpled pile .
tr	I	If they ran for the exit now , however , the police would be them on in seconds .
tr	O	It might be far worse than that .
tr	I	In an instant , Balthazar returned , smashing his fist into Lucas gut 's .
tr	O	The pastor spoke first , followed by various relatives and friends .
tr	I	It was a lot money of , but she had a plan .
tr	I	And 're you in shock .
tr	O	But before he left me alone , he asked if I had feeling in my legs yet .
tr	O	waved Master Jordan as he walked out of the studio .
tr	I	I just at stared her .
tr	O	My cell phone buzzes on my chair .
tr	I	Did decide you yet about Gio 's dinner ?
tr	O	Sleep would be great - invisible sleep where the world and everyone in it melted away .
tr	O	My job was to extract information only .
tr	I	A number of college-age boys looked by disappointed this news .
tr	I	That liked I pretty flowers and trick photography ?
tr	O	In that next instant , she shattered against his mouth , hips bucking , spasms rippling through her in pretty waves .
tr	I	Talk , thought I .
tr	I	CHAPTER 4 ghosts THE invaded her mind .
tr	I	She wisely quiet stayed .
tr	I	She even tried lessen to pain and fear for her targets .
tr	I	Sometimes when looked she at him , her expression sent his body into a violent , almost brutal state of arousal .
tr	O	It even swirled in the air , in the few places where beams of light poked through shuttered windows .
tr	I	They were able to give mother my and I some food to help us for a bit , but then we were on our own .
tr	I	He own 'll Isaiah .
tr	O	He hung up the phone , since he obviously didn 't need it any longer to talk to Caleb .
tr	O	Vera 's father came to Randall to tell him she was with child .
tr	I	She beams as though 's she been waiting for this moment all her life .
tr	I	Without a mother 's nurturing , you raised like her a boy .
tr	O	Lifting and shifting as if caressed by a breeze .
tr	I	But she would have to avoid tonight him .
tr	I	He couldn 't imagine there anything was about Mary Ellen that needed fixing .
tr	O	Titus stared at her a moment , blue eyes flashing as he dove deep into her thoughts .
tr	O	I was about to become a widow at the tender age of nineteen .
tr	O	He wants me dead as well .
tr	I	Behind both of them one is of the Dauntless with Jeanine 's body slung over his shoulder .
tr	O	I pretty much knew .
tr	I	A massive split in an wall outside allowed them to see inside the machine .
tr	I	He didn think 't about it often ; his mind seemed to get distracted when he did .
tr	I	Every photograph would have a specific purpose for his lecture , and he was missing better than quarter a of them .
tr	O	He refused to put this at risk any longer .
tr	O	Startled , she almost dropped the fragile bottle , her stomach tightening in recognition of the unique voice .
tr	I	Her other option was to go to hospital the .
tr	O	She glanced at George , astonished .
tr	O	It shouldn 't be that hard to land a job with some sort of publication in southern California .
tr	I	I paused again , unsure of much how I wanted to tell him .
tr	I	Matthew fell forward and toppled her onto as his back was sliced open from shoulder to mid spine .
tr	I	He everything knew I did , and delaying my actions was a little silly on his part .
tr	I	After that , he made an appearance to walk-in the closet .
tr	I	Not even she if begged .
tr	O	It was hard to believe it was only my third day at King High School .
tr	O	The staff was serving my cake as dessert , as I 'd intended .
tr	O	It almost worked , would have if she hadn 't cried out for him , grounding him in the middle of the maelstrom .
tr	I	I 've finally gone all the way - insane really .
tr	I	he managed croak to out .
tr	O	Paul scrambled over the wall , the cracks between the stones providing easy foot and hand holds and jumped down into the soft earth .
tr	O	Guess he got beaten up !
tr	O	The footman nodded and left , walking with the same methodical pace he had witnessed all the servants of the Manor use .
tr	O	My calves were starting to burn .
tr	O	Why the eyes though ?
tr	O	The entire castle exploded into a dusty mist that whisked toward the sky in a tornado of wind .
tr	I	' How she could not feel the same ? '
tr	I	She didn 't care what Chad had told to her do .
tr	O	Sheriff Frank Littlefield hates the red church for a different reason .
tr	O	But maybe I 'd pushed her too far .
tr	O	Ezra stood as they entered , clearly impatient to leave the house .
tr	I	On top of that the agent had managed to solicit every or opinion theory Ray had come up with to explain the craziness .
tr	O	I reach down and fantasize for the moment , glad nobody can read my mind .
tr	I	Their occupation meant sliding down a passageway further , the aisle where espionage and crime relaxed comfortably up against true war stories .
tr	O	Is it for our own safety , or is it because they have secrets they need to safeguard ?
tr	O	Without sleep through the night watch , his head rolled like a millstone upon his neck .
tr	I	She had one aunt who lived on the west coast and two cousins , who she 'd only seen a of handful times .
tr	O	As a child she could remember lying on her belly on the dock , petting the manatees .
tr	O	It was this , finally , that took the group 's eyes off me - because they all exchanged astonished looks .
tr	I	I didn 't to have look long before a headline caught my attention .
tr	O	It was all serendipitous .
tr	O	And although she resented him for his high-handed treatment of her , she couldn 't deny that his confidence was a major turn-on .
tr	I	At last , when was I certain he wouldn 't say anything at all , he cleared his throat .
tr	O	They 're the keepers while I 'm not here .
tr	I	Her Fiona assistant had a decent boyfriend .
tr	I	Younger than own his twenty-eight .
tr	I	The only disturbance there , now I 'd cleared up the glass , was the to two single closets , which had been opened and emptied .
tr	O	She led Coach in front of the glass door and when she stepped forward , the door opened .
tr	O	Kylie knew she was wrong to keep dodging him , but so was he .
tr	O	It 's my blood that 's running through your veins .
tr	O	A tale like that would be her password into the bosom of the palace 's servants .
tr	I	Not a one single by Sebastian Falke , just a bunch of Disney movies and the like . '
tr	I	Jacob looked down at and me smiled .
tr	O	Sam had made love to her with such fierce intensity that he had taken her breath away just a few minutes earlier .
tr	I	But she had to stay , had she to know .
tr	I	There was a moment of great fear in face her .
tr	O	A vampire should not have run from overgrown dogs like that .
tr	I	I had the and time decided to make the trip .
tr	I	Always make sure the shades are dropped he when 's painting .
tr	I	I was virtually glowing with destruction potential .
tr	O	His eyes were swollen and red , and his hair was not in place .
tr	I	His hateful red eyes were fastened to Mantra ... with a grinding of force scorn and fury within them .
tr	I	I felt a like child , and I nodded as if I 'd finally understood and felt relieved .
tr	O	He 's not come out to eat , he 'll not let anyone leave him food , he won 't unlock the door .
tr	O	Shock made Smith and Ryan 's hands loosen just enough for her to slip free , to hurdle the gate .
tr	O	She had gotten more adept at pushing the thoughts aside realizing that they didn 't make her any more capable for the challenges of a coming day .
tr	I	His had message come through loud and clear .
tr	O	I saw a picture in her mind of another dog .
tr	O	I knocked his hand away , or I thought I did .
tr	O	She had noticed what Frank hadn 't realised until the adrenaline of the moment had worn off , he had been heavily aroused .
tr	I	Henry turned and stacked the pillows against headboard the .
tr	I	His fingers splayed against her , they faintly twitched and then curled into her shirt , into her flesh .
tr	I	Hernando came wandering in from street the .
tr	I	His vision was a little hazy , but he was trying hard to avoid the losing image .
tr	I	Wanted redeem to himself .
tr	O	Kim drives on toward Valdosta .
tr	I	Xander and Xavier had ripped off their shirts and she was using them to press against open the wounds of Titus 's neck .
tr	O	I can see how hard this is for her .
tr	O	But her father shook his head , his desperation plain to see .
tr	I	He didn 't like anything the about Northwest .
tr	I	My heart was pumping and chest my was rising fast with quick breaths .
tr	I	A picture beginning was to form ; blurred and undefined , but a picture nevertheless .
tr	I	We 're worried Callie about .
tr	I	I had to get through the day somehow hope and for the best .
tr	I	He was going carry to out her plan .
tr	O	I 'll try , but no promises .
tr	O	Shotgun fiddled with the straps on his back pack .
tr	O	It took them forever to answer , and it definitely wasn 't Peyton that I was looking into the eyes of .
tr	I	The enamel plates of the shield had turned a white fierce as they carved through the dust .
tr	I	I damaged 'm goods , even with Buddy .
tr	O	The doctor said I was very lucky the shot didn 't enter an inch to the left or I would 've been dead .
tr	O	Heck , maybe she was crazy .
tr	O	I looked at them .
tr	I	They were simply not back there .
tr	O	Her flesh was golden like the desert .
tr	I	That might not seem like a lot compared to all of humanity , but it 's still a needle a in haystack .
tr	O	Maybe in summer , he mused , when the fields of grain rippled with the wind , acre after acre .
tr	O	The realizations flooding through him regressed into questions .
tr	I	She planted back her against the wall to steady herself .
tr	O	One or two were friends of Marcia 's , a couple were politicians , and one woman Henrietta could swear was the anchor for the local news .
tr	O	Belle kicked off Grace 's -- or in reality -- Hope 's heels .
tr	I	It go could any way .
tr	O	Aaron always warns me when they get to him first .
tr	I	' Seven years ... ' breathes He .
tr	I	Leaning against the warm of metal a car door , I try to control my breathing .
tr	O	They rounded a corner and entered a small sandstone room that was already crowded with Nephilim and one human priest .
tr	O	Hit pauses beside me and offers a longer , more eloquent prayer .
tr	I	Eli asked watching her image red of gold hair and green eyes fade from his vision .
tr	I	He brought my hands up took and his turn washing me .
tr	I	Maya silent stood with her arms crossed .
tr	O	Songs would be written about this moment and scholars would look back and say that this kiss was one for the books .
tr	I	I held up hands my in surrender .
tr	I	West wished he 'd been able see to the pictures .
tr	O	The Greeks muttered and cursed , but their curses were for Priam and Troy .
tr	O	I was on some sort of hospital bed type thing , though , unless future morgues put bodies on mattresses .
tr	I	If you were on the football field and he was on the line you protecting , trust me , you 'd feel differently .
tr	O	' What 's going on ? '
tr	I	I opt my for water instead .
tr	I	Ray held her for a long time , listening to her even breathing feeling and her chest rise and fall .
tr	O	I had all these thoughts and things I wanted to say , but when I opened my mouth , everything got tangled up .
tr	I	But many not had it in for you , even then .
tr	I	Obligation isn love 't .
tr	O	And she was no different .
tr	I	He squeezed his eyes shut and 't didn respond .
tr	O	Brady was too engrossed to notice us .
tr	I	Perhaps if her had family prayed together , they might have stayed together .
tr	I	I feel like I 've nowhere gotten really .
tr	I	He 's the only one besides Don who might my get decision .
tr	O	Why wasn 't Cohen quieting him down ?
tr	O	He screamed an obscenity and instantly charged like a crazed bull .
tr	O	The moon had already become visible against the fading blue of dusk .
tr	O	His eyes widened in shock .
tr	O	Large gusts of breath whistled through his hair as the monstrosity seemed to be preparing to eat him .
tr	I	I 'm reading dozens of escape and pods the enemy ships have broken off .
tr	I	Do enter not both together .
tr	O	The handful of restaurants were all closed by ten .
tr	O	I could think of worse ways to pass the time .
tr	O	All I knew was that she woke me up from a dead sleep .
tr	I	By her expression , wasn he 't sure which was true .
tr	I	I turned to see another man , this one and skinnier lanky , on the ground .
tr	I	I poked at a log with boot my .
tr	O	It was so sweet , despite the nausea that it caused .
tr	O	Jace 's father was but a boy when war forced the family to flee with what they could salvage of their wealth .
tr	I	When I tried to the lift central panel assembly , it didn 't budge .
tr	I	For Tristan , the moment I 'd spoken up I 'd become the embodiment of everything he that was rallying the others against .
tr	O	At that point the fashionista stood up , folded her camping stool , and moved to the opposite side of the arena away from the riffraff .
tr	I	He should have fired inside from the minivan , Helen .
tr	I	Unfortunately , she just didn 't have the experience sort to through it .
tr	O	You have any interest in joining the militia ?
tr	I	You had nothing to with do it .
tr	O	I took a final sip of the sweet , frozen drink .
tr	O	Catherine had no reason to stay .
tr	I	At least for now let 's this do as fast as we can so we can back to our old lives .
tr	O	He didn 't raise his glass , but he did give his mother his undivided attention .
tr	O	Maybe talk with Tim and ask him to ease up on Martin .
tr	I	With a vociferous battle cry , the preceptor out charged of the cel and joined the fray .
tr	I	It was not yet the time for him speak to to the chief .
tr	I	What if he falls love in with someone else ?
tr	I	You deserve it , no matter damn how scary it may become .
tr	O	I felt like jumping out of the car and letting her run me over .
tr	O	I 'm one bounced check away from living in my car , I wanted to tell Shelly .
tr	O	And through all those years , there had never been a sign of a cruel streak , or of the betrayal that would come .
tr	I	Gideon was recalled abruptly to the reason she had sought him out in the first place .
tr	I	I could still see the flame tattoo on his wrist , poking from out beneath his sweatshirt 's sagging cuff .
tr	O	One face even took a chance and had slipped back into the country from the Spanish Costas .
tr	I	Jerry 's examination revealed that George had to have a tooth out and a cut in the roof of mouth his fixed .
tr	O	The stew was the most amazing thing he has ever tasted .
tr	I	If an election every two years between the candidates of corporate choosing gives people the illusion of freedom , let then them have it .
tr	I	Amber yelled to sky the .
tr	O	Lights from oncoming traffic illuminated Caleb 's chiseled face , and she admired the hollow of his cheeks , the strong jaw .
tr	I	I usually work for out two hours in the morning .
tr	O	Thanks , Dad , for leaving a huge void in my life that Freud says has to be filled with dick .
tr	I	She saw and felt the spark interest of when she stopped just beyond him and turned as if in need of help .
tr	I	Jasper his shook head .
tr	O	Even though Speed had guessed that the humans on earth were not humans any longer , the destruction filled him with sadness and fear .
tr	I	The sun was drooping down , and it would take a while to the reach farm and find somewhere to sleep .
tr	I	We walk quietly on for a bit .
tr	O	I couldn 't even really quite hear what he said .
tr	I	And all he was was doing trying to defend and protect his family .
tr	I	Oh and my get grandmother her stew .
tr	I	I don know 't .
tr	I	His recklessness to expose his was heart a revelation .
tr	O	In other words , he 's perfect .
tr	O	It used to seem superstitious to me .
tr	I	Grief had nearly choked her as she stared down at 's Sara coffin .
tr	I	She glared him at .
tr	O	You may find some more answers if you come .
tr	I	The asphalt me beneath felt so stable , so wonderfully stable .
tr	O	She didn 't like it when Nick got into their shed and started messing around with all of the antique electronic devices .
tr	I	To his left was a wearing person a white mask .
tr	O	He gave it to Renton , who put on a pair of plastic gloves to cradle it until he could retrieve an evidence pouch from the car .
tr	O	To say that to his best friend ?
tr	I	That he was still just wrecked over me .
tr	I	A sick feeling kindled in the pit of his stomach , which he as dismissed hunger .
tr	I	she said , finding it hard to believe the proof hard under her hand .
tr	O	Sam hesitated , her mind seeking a safe subject to discuss , but none of them seemed safe , at least not to her .
tr	I	Her next words it confirmed .
tr	I	I could hear Rick start laughing , and turned I my death glare to him .
tr	O	She laughed and got into the passenger side and Jack closed the door .
tr	I	And for once I can be completely honest her with .
tr	I	When the vans arrived , he watched her help the children fashion capes out of discarded blankets to shield them from rain the .
tr	I	I couldn 't have asked for a more solid group individuals of .
tr	O	She puffed a breath through her lips to blow the dark bangs over her eyes .
tr	I	she cried incredulously , her shaking voice .
tr	O	But if he didn 't keep it down , the whole damn island was going to hear him .
tr	I	Gavin muttered a as curse he hurried back to the kitchen .
tr	O	He had no way of knowing of course , but she had been raised to be punctual .
tr	I	I feel a movement , and then she 's standing beside me , leaning against porch the railing looking out at the darkening woods .
tr	I	We were wheels in up ninety-six hours .
tr	O	I knew she would ; after my father 's death , she lost all trust in the male population ... and people in general .
tr	I	So far , everyone is white , and I wonder if I 'll out stand .
tr	O	She made for our table , sliding in beside Asher and bumping him with her shoulder .
tr	O	It is too much for her , these memories .
tr	I	Katie stood and up dusted herself off , causing such a large cloud of flour that Jason had actually stood outside waiting for it to dissipate .
tr	O	But by then it was too late .
tr	I	My light-hearted intentions of wanting to went talk out the window .
tr	O	Mrs. Price paused , staring at Kendra through narrow eyes .
tr	I	It probably will not be the police but the military that make the arrests although the will police be there doing the processing and DNA sampling .
tr	I	Overwhelming joy danced in dark his eyes .
tr	O	She lives with an alarming collection of previously abandoned or unwanted animals that include dogs , cats , birds and snakes .
tr	I	She and sighed sat down on the floor .
tr	I	My throbs hand from the burn .
tr	I	I quickly pass by row after row of water bottled .
tr	I	Staying up at night , watching 's someone door , isn 't high on my list of things I like to do .
tr	I	I rested my head against the back of divan the .
tr	I	Away from her home environment , she be would especially agitated , vulnerable .
tr	O	Darnell shifted , his hand tightened around his gun .
tr	I	They stopped survey to the area behind the woodlot .
tr	I	Oh , took that on a whole other meaning when he was so close she could smell his cologne .
tr	I	Laura flew backwards crashing into the small table writing and chairs sitting around it .
tr	O	Who exactly , has yet to be decided .
tr	I	The Fourth July of .
tr	I	Well , that an was optimistic summary , she thought .
tr	I	If he 's here , it 's he because intends ill .
tr	O	We hadn 't even had a full semester that way .
tr	O	She went through her paperwork , scrawled her way through it all , and browsed past killings that had similarities to the Texas one .
tr	O	Vin stumbled forward , skidding directly through the image , nearly slipping off the dais .
tr	O	He had his fingers crossed behind his back .
tr	O	Where before they had looked at him with disdain , now they gave him grudging respect .
tr	O	Slapping Rich 's hand in a friendly way , he leads me away .
tr	O	They were gritty from tears and lack of sleep , but even so joy filled me as I watched the massive spaceship fading further into the distance .
tr	I	I to had beg for mercy , grovel at his feet for forgiveness .
tr	I	Everything did she reminded her of her family .
tr	O	To the right Tench could see the tassels of a corn field and far beyond the white of a small gate .
tr	O	A chick named Callie .
tr	O	He thought he could spend a happy week just hunting those scents down and sampling them , whatever they were .
tr	I	Colette hoped he wasn 't about to tell her 'd they split up .
tr	O	She jumped out of the truck before I could say anymore .
tr	O	Tall , slim , her hair was flowing black with only a trace of silver .
tr	O	Spencer always pretended she was asleep when Hanna emerged from the bathroom , never wanting to talk about it .
tr	O	Rosie was feeling guilty .
tr	O	Elizabeth eyes filled with tears as she calmly stated the gist of the situation .
tr	O	Would she be easy to work for ?
tr	O	But she could see his point .
tr	I	Sexual norms abandoned are .
tr	I	And would I never ask you to do anything you didn 't feel was the right choice .
tr	I	I super felt confused .
tr	O	Surely enough , I had seen people come in and none leave after us .
tr	I	She bore her own emptiness , endured own her loss , even now .
tr	I	I could see that they enthralled were with the latest reports of the shooting at Fort Bragg .
tr	I	Multiple stings erupted on his face , followed by the trickle of blood warm .
tr	I	The wall of water kept coming , the draining shallow creek within seconds .
tr	I	He didn 't a give damn if there was a restroom two feet away .
tr	O	That once the Lesser Key was moved , the whole thing would collapse , trapping the Key and whoever took it .
tr	O	Rory ran her finger along his skin , making his abdomen clench with delight .
tr	I	What he with wanted them , she didn 't know .
tr	O	Of course you do , Billy thought .
tr	I	That enclave had done too it .
tr	O	Logan Mason was a man who got what he wanted , and for some unknown reason , he wanted me .
tr	I	Orgasm crashes me through .
tr	I	Haddington and his party were glum and took very interest little .
tr	O	He 's gone into the big sleep .
tr	O	The castle was old , and most of its halls and stairwells went nowhere ; escaping would require some thought .
tr	O	Chapter 14 Turning off his headlights , Chief McCormick sat at the side of the road and studied the farm where Clay Montgomery lived .
tr	I	Of course , we couldn 't caught be poking around his property for that to hold .
tr	I	Top the of top .
tr	I	The angle of his body was perfect , lean , slightly muscular , cool but .
tr	O	I didn 't comment on that but secretly had my doubts .
tr	I	That told me he wasn 't counting on her surviving her in imprisonment that tree .
tr	O	The more she drank , the more belligerent she became , and the angrier he got .
tr	I	One day , out of the blue , Zachariah told him to deliver an order of Archangel and blades bows to Daylesford Convent .
tr	I	Carrying closer her to home .
tr	I	Chapter One Eleven week later The bar was in full flow .
tr	I	I am staying here , in my house , that and is final .
tr	O	Everyone ran to look over the side .
tr	O	I followed his gaze .
tr	O	They were supposed to be taking turns here at being the girl .
tr	O	They were back to square one .
tr	I	Carmine spotted a baseball bat near hidden the register for protection and grabbed it .
tr	O	Michael 's smile lost its edge , and for a second , the expression utterly changed his face .
tr	I	He looked down her at quizzically .
tr	O	I wanted you to become powerful to help me on my mission .
tr	I	I can take to him the warehouse .
tr	I	When I mentioned Marine Patrol , hesitated Finnegan .
tr	I	Like I 've said until I 'm blue in the face , I went to pick up a sodding package and ended up with body a .
tr	I	They already were in a vase , so we just found the perfect spot to put them .
tr	I	He closer stepped to me .
tr	O	Austin walked way to the back of the bus and sat beside a first grader he didn 't even know .
tr	I	Dale his turned head away and moaned .
tr	O	He shut and locked the front door behind him , then made other noises as he moved through the house .
tr	I	Yeah , I 'd kill to have him tease right me now .
tr	I	She looked across the room gasped and .
tr	I	We stood on the side of the and road gazed right .
tr	O	It 's our thought that creates the body , not the other way around , like we think .
tr	I	She remembers the tattoo on her hand again and opens her mouth ask to about it .
tr	O	And his reward had been in keeping both with his nature and with his commands : it had been the Ira .
tr	O	Demos grunted agreement and turned to the rail again .
tr	O	She smiled then , and it wasn 't the deadly , dangerous smile from moments before .
tr	I	Which is why she asked 'd Jean Claude to meet her here .
tr	I	Stiff , formal , he stopped two stairs up from I where stood .
tr	O	I thank myself for that each and every day .
tr	O	The father 's , Henry William Curtis .
tr	O	The old man kept his stupefied eyes fixed upon Walt 's face .
tr	O	But after the day she 'd had , she 'd rather unwind with a glass of wine first .
tr	O	She was panting , barely able to get the words out .
tr	O	I just stared into his eyes that seemed to love holding me captive with their bewitching charm .
tr	I	I didn have 't time for this .
tr	I	Abe got up and stood in front of Clare to protect her , and Tommy came forward , raising hands his in supplication .
tr	I	Such as flour which was already scarce becoming , spaghetti , macaroni , salt , sugar , powdered milk and lots and lots of coffee .
tr	I	But what came out of the woman 's mouth next surprised the out hell of him .
tr	I	Lauren grinned and her sipped beer .
tr	I	As vacuumed I , I mulled this thought over .
tr	O	Nikolai had lost weight , his face turning gaunt , his muscles flagging .
tr	I	She smiled sweetest her smile at him , but using his ability to see , it came across very predatory .
tr	O	He only hoped she knew how deeply he loved her .
tr	O	I always thought he couldn 't be killed by ordinary weapons .
tr	I	On Harmon Road , I spotted an open garage and rusted a bike mounted on the wall like a hunter 's trophy .
tr	O	Why am I suddenly consumed with disappointment that he wasn 't trying to hit on me ?
tr	I	The scholar at looked him with total disbelief .
tr	O	Karen wanted to scream at him , claw at him , but the saner part of her mind was appalled at what she had already done .
tr	I	I my twisted hands in my lap .
tr	I	The only justice we got was that the family were out hounded of the neighbourhood .
tr	O	I waited for the tears to come , because they always did .
tr	I	No , that Julia 's .
tr	I	And now all I need is your agreement to attend the Interim talks peace .
tr	I	I as ran fast as my legs could pump , skittering and sliding across the wood floors like an overgrown puppy all the way to the kitchen .
tr	O	It took me over a year to get all the extended family , but I did .
tr	O	Sage pressed on without slowing .
tr	I	A moment later , he started rummaging around , gathering up items that might useful prove .
tr	I	Why did Hewitt Jim want to know where Ronan slept ?
tr	O	It hovered , waiting , as if hesitant .
tr	I	Two can at play this game .
tr	O	It seemed like a lifetime ago , but I remembered what it felt like to run my hands over my head and feel nothing .
tr	O	The young fairy tried to dismiss it , but it persisted .
tr	I	She still with tingled an incredible sense of joy , however , a joy that she saw replicated in the woman 's beatific smile .
tr	I	When Jeremy had been taken away , was it as if the flame that burned within her had been snuffed out .
tr	I	You are about to destroy up to 8 square miles of public-private property and up to human 60,000 lives .
tr	I	Bobby from accounting was on his way to the copy and machine stepped into the trashcan because he was gawking so hard .
tr	I	The cloudy feeling growing was stronger again .
tr	I	The mutant made a sighing , sobbing and noise began to grin .
tr	O	As the words register , my body goes numb and my breathing turns to hyperventilating .
tr	I	Ryan a sat mug of coffee in front of me as he joined me at the table .
tr	I	This letter to Jane proved almost impossible now that came it to the point .
tr	O	At last I cursed and headed for the door .
tr	I	And the power of his desire caused him to the doubt wisdom of carrying through with her punishment .
tr	I	' Now close eyes your .
tr	O	The sky was scorched black ; the trees were ash colored , leafless , and twisted , taking the shape of monsters .
tr	O	That would give them just enough time to get the exhausted soldiers , the dead , and the wounded , to safety before dark .
tr	O	She didn 't hold this hand up at all , just continued to let it hang limply from her shoulder .
tr	I	She blew her nose and tossed the tissue into wastebasket a beside her .
tr	I	She smiles again once .
tr	I	When we leaving were the bar he tried knocking me out , saying I was too young to go with him .
tr	O	Keep telling yourself that , Murdoch .
tr	O	Then my arm hit a grate blocking my path .
tr	O	Since his arrival her body had been on high alert and having him just sitting there watching wouldn 't help .
tr	I	You had traps in the project , but you managed them good very , even when I revealed my ill to you .
tr	I	Styrofoam peanuts have been into swept the corners .
tr	I	The following day will the about shape of trees .
tr	I	As long as the current girlfriend is up told front so she isn 't shocked by the news .
tr	O	Kevin threw the cigarette to the ground .
tr	O	I think we can get our hands on it without the thieves knowing about it .
tr	O	The sisters ' mouths dropped open in amazement .
tr	O	When it advanced , a long portion of the rope went over its shoulder .
tr	O	The urn ... the one Viggo begrudgingly parted with .
tr	I	Her eyes were fixed my on mouth and I licked my lips just knowing how turned on she was for me .
tr	O	The back of her sweater collided with the front of his shirt .
tr	O	She would be able to gain his trust .
tr	O	Danny grabbed a chair for him .
tr	O	It was Carter , and she was pale , fists bunched at her sides .
tr	I	They stared at her with the same tilt of their heads , same the looks in their eyes , the same glow behind them .
tr	I	He if wondered Ty knew what it had done to his mother .
tr	I	Pasting a smile on face her , she nodded .
tr	I	We skated into back the rink .
tr	I	He 's them made very upset .
tr	I	She not could keep living like this .
tr	I	Again Doc pointed the FAY at Ray them .
tr	O	Sometimes in the night he opened his eyes and saw the sky full of stars so he knew it had cleared .
tr	O	He was tall , tanned , and had the most gorgeous big brown eyes I 'd ever seen .
tr	I	I still 't couldn get over the vastness of the ship .
tr	I	I took a thoughtful nibble at one the at the top of the pile .
tr	I	Niko , the Order 's personal expert weapons and gearhead , blew out a low whistle .
tr	O	Am I in the loony bin r am I in Antarctica ?
tr	I	And the then most incredible thing happened .
tr	O	Tony dropped his balls .
tr	I	She had a whopping fifty-six dollars eleven and cents .
tr	O	Still numb from the death of her parents so long ago .
tr	I	Now of course the book is out and I no longer need push to myself to those limits of endurance .
tr	I	I also believe you are being by ruled an imposter .
tr	O	And now all those on the chicken boat had to do was wait .
tr	O	The flowing heat felt wonderful against her bare skin .
tr	I	And he couldn 't stop replaying their confrontation over and over in head his .
tr	I	I just don 't want to surrounded be by all these strangers .
tr	O	This time , however , they came spilling down my face , smearing whatever left over makeup I had on from yesterday .
tr	O	He never said anything about dragons .
tr	O	I chuckled and leaned back in my chair to watch .
tr	O	I didn 't even know where to begin looking .
tr	O	He 'd been human once , though he didn 't remember who he used to be , or when or where he lived .
tr	O	He nodded and shook Fred 's hand .
tr	I	Zoe affected had him .
tr	I	Each individual fiber of paper came focus into .
tr	O	Oddly he felt little or none of the forces with the change of motion of the car .
tr	I	He 's probably busy just , though .
tr	O	Worthless are my prayers and sighing : yet , good Lord , in grace complying , rescue me from fires undying .
tr	O	After all , I was the one invading his sanctuary .
tr	I	My land dead was .
tr	O	Shots of her public intoxication , flipping cameras the bird , and unabashed drug use had everyone playing Dr. Phil , trying to save Mia from herself .
tr	O	The room was packed tonight and we were sitting in the back so I pulled out my phone and played games .
tr	O	They were from different worlds .
tr	O	Maryellen did not delude herself that just because her husband had retired from work that he had retired from competition , too .
tr	I	He looked back up again and continued a in thick voice .
tr	I	It 's nice to sit with another person , although I 'm sure not why .
tr	O	She fumbled it out of the envelope in her pocket , unfolded it and slapped it against the barrier for him to read .
tr	O	As the tone of her mother 's voice finally broke through , Julie sat up and stared at her mother .
tr	I	This was turning out to be more of an interview than she expected , making and her nervous .
tr	O	As she didn 't know what A Mating was , even though she heard a lot of talk about it , she couldn 't exactly say .
tr	O	He had blue eyes like his father .
tr	I	I 'm a survivor who what takes she can when she can .
tr	O	Her own fangs were out , and she wasn 't just going to stand there while they battled in front of her .
tr	O	Jasper raised his eyebrows at Samuel .
tr	O	Elijah looked at her in sorrow .
tr	I	I 'm your just weapon .
tr	I	I didn 't feel sore or dizzy or so anything I walked over to the door and opened it .
tr	I	I 't hadn been .
tr	O	Dawn was on the horizon , and thankfully it calmed the frenzied wind of the night .
tr	O	She waved , then turned the phone toward Ngozi , who sat reading on her bed .
tr	I	She could almost read thoughts his .
tr	O	Scott 's eyes burned into her .
tr	O	I wouldn 't give up on us and I certainly wouldn 't let him .
tr	I	We will never see other each again .
tr	O	Alex giggled and dove in .
tr	I	Jace 's , saying he wasn an 't idealist , and she shivered , despite the coat she was wearing .
tr	O	' That 's not very nice , is it ? '
tr	O	He relaxed somewhat , thawed by the smell of hot food , the bright living room , the pretty woman sitting across from him .
tr	O	We take a few minutes to search the rest of the floor but we quickly conclude that apart from this walker , the bedrooms are all clear .
tr	I	The between curtain the two beds was closed .
tr	O	With their mouths still linked , Lindy brushed his hand aside and helped him .
tr	I	It was then that she happened to glance across street the .
tr	I	Rick gave him flight the information and Jake memorized it .
tr	I	He sucked hard while his tongue the teased tip , making it painfully hard .
tr	O	And get it back here so you don 't combust strolling around town shopping for one .
tr	I	Perhaps to her use against you .
tr	O	She finally pushed open the umbrella and she crossed their front lawn .
tr	O	A lot more than I should and a lot more than I suppose I 'm supposed to .
tr	I	She Dayan wanted as much or more than he wanted her .
tr	O	It didn 't matter how much of her soul she 'd have to give to save them .
tr	I	My are arms tied up in this unexpected assault .
tr	O	The adults got the bedrooms and we kids slept in sleeping bags on the living room and den floors .
tr	I	She rounded the corner and started walking down hallway the , not slowing her pace even though she heard footsteps behind her .
tr	O	Raley glanced out at the figure floating back up toward the beach .
tr	O	Murdering demons I didn 't understand , but a storm , at least , I knew .
tr	O	Alex 's eyes search mine .
tr	I	She could have tapped into vortex the as much as she pleased .
tr	O	The animals course must be anticipated as well as how many times he will stop before his circle returns him to the herd .
tr	O	Khan turned back without saying a thing .
tr	O	He was eleven years her junior .
tr	O	My heart beat rapidly as it did every time he was near .
tr	O	Stefan 's fist flew out .
tr	I	We walked some the of way , she says .
tr	O	An appreciative moan escaped his throat .
tr	I	After all , she couldn 't just waltz into a vampire club looking like tourist a .
tr	I	I hadn 't thought it about .
tr	O	I had to agree .
tr	O	I see her watching him .
tr	O	She could hardly bear to look at Jace .
tr	I	There was a nod from Beans Dangerous .
tr	O	And not for the reason he had so glibly spouted .
tr	I	On the stood left a middle-aged gentleman with a curled moustache and a beer belly .
tr	O	They were in a room with a steeply gabled roof , slanting down hard on either side , like in a fairytale cabin .
tr	O	Although she was typically the least visible of the Sky Kingdom 's royal family , many of the townsfolk still recognised her and waved in greeting .
tr	I	Maybe he out wrote a message and hid it somewhere .
tr	O	Not that I thought Jimmy would be waiting to pounce on me and insult me further , but I was paranoid .
tr	I	I 'm rinsing the pot out the in sink when I feel a hand low on my back .
tr	O	He peers into the tree line that sweeps the beach for as far as the eye stretches in both directions .
tr	I	The gold glowed in a way that it made hard to swallow .
tr	I	The second clue , and this is really important , is that someone had written a message on the of wall her bedroom .
tr	I	Hindsight such offers bitter clarity .
tr	I	When he left , Devon kicked out her feet from the bed stood and shakily .
tr	I	We are going to be spending a lot of time together on this trip you and are going to meet some very important people in my life .
tr	I	She was just some silly college girl , caught in up some fantasy of getting with a bad boy .
tr	I	Edwin may have acting been , but none of them noticed .
tr	O	He looked at me .
tr	I	The there windows weren 't even open .
tr	O	' Give us a kiss then . '
tr	O	He was already married , but so what ?
tr	O	There was another mouth to feed from a fund that did not provide for the opened mouths already sucking from it .
tr	O	It was beautiful and heartbreaking .
tr	I	Few remained bridges intact , and twice their heavy truck had to be ferried across rivers by barge .
tr	O	I didn 't want to push the curtain aside to get a better view in case it fell down on my head or otherwise attracted attention .
tr	O	Emma 's body felt limp and frail , leaning into my arm .
tr	I	( Excuse me , but they deserve it ) So had they been winding her up all along .
tr	I	I almost gasp when it close lands to the boomerang .
tr	O	I am completely incapable of understanding this new world , where the rich and entitled aren 't protected by their bank accounts or prominent names .
tr	O	He stood for a moment in renewed doubt .
tr	O	I see Mom whisper something to Sawyer and he walks over to me .
tr	O	' Spike ... whatever 's in there isn 't ours , ' said Terri quietly , as she watched Spike peer inside .
tr	O	Her heart was beating fast , but she could feel a smile breaking on her face .
tr	O	What else could he have done ?
tr	O	The boss silently sipped the coffee .
tr	I	As I struggle , he draws closer , materializing a from sea of locusts and darkness .
tr	O	I vow it as I walk .
tr	I	There a was pulse , weak and fast .
tr	O	Before the host could leave Andrew stuffed his empty cracker packets into the man 's apron .
tr	O	Why should you two tell me about the corruption of collectivity ?
tr	I	The seemed boy in a daze , his dilated pupils consuming his brown irises .
tr	I	Every time he his opened mouth , nothing came out .
tr	I	No for time a trial test !
tr	O	Cold breath trekked over her face , clean and sweet .
tr	I	It was still mid-morning , so the sky was gray still .
tr	I	Had they let actually her go to the golf tourney ?
tr	O	After the regular six-minute delay , the signal linked directly through to Houston , without interstitial encoding or other evasive techniques .
tr	O	' I 'm just a friend of the police officer in charge . '
tr	I	As the man was talking , just Mo kept nodding his head as if he was agreeing with him .
tr	O	Bruce nodded ; he understood immediately that William wanted to discuss something in private , away from listening ears .
tr	O	Not with his brain , anyway .
tr	I	Immediately , he willed the to blade slowly return to normal .
tr	I	The sock was saturated blood with , though , and he gently pulled it away from her skin .
tr	O	I mean , we saw the archives .
tr	I	Her back against my chest , her held tight in my grip , she struggled but I wouldn 't let go .
tr	I	I wanted to believe that , really I did , but a part of me just couldn 't .
tr	I	Tom poked at his food , his gone appetite .
tr	I	Crazy ... The flickered idea in her mind , a dangerous flame lighting a fire of self-doubt .
tr	O	Then the woman loses it .
tr	O	There was no wood around so they had a cold meal and several of the men grumbled at having no coffee .
tr	O	He examined it carefully and saw that there was a narrow gap between the fence and the building .
tr	O	Hanna urged more forcefully .
tr	O	Stacy 's face reflected the relief she felt .
tr	O	This might be her only chance to learn what she needed to know , despite the risk , despite how messy and complicated the aftermath might be .
tr	O	Miss Howe opened the door fully .
tr	I	' I 'm denied being my freedom ! '
tr	I	It was peaceful , the kind of he peaceful sure hadn 't grown up with .
tr	I	There was something about sexual it , not that his mind was tending in that direction or anything .
tr	O	You can 't go home Darcy , I sold you .
tr	O	He was just the first heartbreak you keep going back to .
tr	O	Aside from that , the panting of stinky breath was most unpleasant !
tr	O	Maybe it came with the territory .
tr	O	She waved her hand to indicate people walking along the sidewalk .
tr	O	He just wanted inside her .
tr	I	she asked , then steeled herself for what to was come .
tr	I	The Pastor smiled Frank at .
tr	O	He draped his arm around her shoulders and walked her toward the manor .
tr	I	It wasn unlikely 't , knowing the baron .
tr	I	She glanced at watch her .
tr	O	He gave her one more worried look before returning to his men .
tr	O	She crossed the main street and did not see anything unusual .
tr	I	Order out chaos of .
tr	I	he asked a in low voice .
tr	I	Mia , if you care about me , chose please one of these options .
tr	O	His head went backwards , but he kept his balance .
tr	O	She reached behind her to pick up the phone , but before she could get it to her ear , he grabbed it .
tr	O	There was no room for doubts .
tr	O	Must be like fairyland , in there , all beautiful and pure and real innocent .
tr	I	I forced my gaze away before I said screw and it jumped him .
tr	O	Again , she thought this did not look like any elementary school she had ever seen .
tr	O	I have seen a lot of actors and actresses in many varied sexual positions .
tr	O	Her recovery had been uneventful , and relatively short .
tr	I	Why didn 't he me warn ?
tr	I	She was a CPA , worries lingering .
tr	I	Or if the has ocean swept in and carried them away in its endless , inexorable grasp .
tr	O	Cami 's worth everything .
tr	I	' It Peter 's Chalmers ! '
tr	O	she challenged , giving him a teasing grin .
tr	I	It took nearly the entire year before my was name called .
tr	O	Remembering life before Invasion Day , while thinking of her new-found love for Jackson Ayers .
tr	O	Life wasn 't that fair , she knew .
tr	O	Their location jump had taken them to a narrow passageway that connected two towers .
tr	O	As much as she didn 't like it , she knew that everything Kevin said was true .
tr	O	Hot water radiators stood underneath the driveway side windows .
tr	I	You some got eggs ?
tr	O	The last thing I wanted was to confuse what this was with emotions .
tr	I	Frowning , Moody sat in the quiet living room and tried connect to the dots on Jeff 's extreme reaction .
tr	O	The sudden gust of breeze that would send a candle flame guttering into darkness .
tr	O	I put my hand on his .
tr	I	The captain pointed the to closest port cannon .
tr	O	Thomas and his people were moving forward now , a ragged advance but spreading out on both sides of the cutter .
tr	I	And then he would come for back his family .
tr	O	I was cold a lot lately which was odd because it was summertime in Florida .
tr	I	Blue eyes , hair brown , boyish smile .
tr	I	All colonies and appropriated worlds are to be handed over the to Confederacy Grand Council for reassignment to other Clans .
tr	O	What the hell am I doing ?
tr	O	Gently sliding her tongue into his mouth she grabbed for his belt as he feigned resistance .
tr	I	She was trained to analyze a and situation react logically .
tr	I	This house beach-front must have cost a packet , but something about its sparseness said she only rented .
tr	I	As if James 't couldn keep himself from touching her in some way , he reached out and brushed a stray curl from her cheek .
tr	I	We won have 't any merchandise if she gets away !
tr	I	Mac didn 't know , for but some reason , the name intrigued him .
tr	O	She agreed but asked if she could question him .
tr	O	There was confusion in my mind 's eye at first , as if internal television channels were receiving mixed signals .
tr	I	Let 's talking try to them first .
tr	I	Finally Felix said they had been greeting people for an hour and a half now , and they could break to supper have themselves .
tr	O	This ship had crashed a very long time ago .
tr	I	I thought I heard a mouse outside creeping my door .
tr	I	She leaned into me and I could see deep within her cleavage , almost entire the shape of her breast .
tr	I	Then a near lightning strike the changed situation .
tr	I	Ryder ignored the pain and for reached her again .
tr	O	I 've got a science paper to work on .
tr	I	Two washing machines , two dryers , and you were lucky if one of them was working on given any day and didn 't eat your quarters .
tr	I	The town bustled with life , the catching incoming County Fair goers and the last of the summer tourists .
tr	O	They 're al mesmerized by Ty , just like me .
tr	I	The Trojans were certainly doing them honour , but there was more it to than that .
tr	I	If oscillation this ever stops , a void of nothingness would take its place .
tr	I	God , I it liked , too , and I shouldn 't .
tr	I	He 't wasn taking that kind of loss if he didn 't have to .
tr	O	She glances from Ian to me then to Cameron .
tr	I	For the most part the girls were and disgruntled the guys thought it sounded pretty good so far .
tr	O	Without further delay , he turned and ran , leaving Wesley and Brent behind .
tr	O	We both dressed light to go out , and now , I wish I would have brought a jacket or demanded we take the car home .
tr	I	There was explosion the .
tr	O	The cabin shook as the plane dropped a few feet in the air .
tr	I	And she seems to know where exactly she 's going .
tr	I	The trees and rocks had become my and friends family .
tr	I	She rested her cheek the on faded T-shirt , soaking up the warmth and comfort he offered .
tr	O	I couldn 't help but let my anger seep into my words .
tr	O	Racer 's not all that reliable .
tr	I	Sam took care of pretty him quickly , and I was grateful .
tr	O	My teeth were stuck fast .
tr	O	I blinked , thinking my eyes were deceiving me , but I still saw the small pile of dust on the floor in front of Jane .
tr	O	Before I could think about it more , he pulled me with him to the bar .
tr	O	Then his eyes flicked down , and back up to hers .
tr	I	Only Betrayer 's Snare could have that protected man from the enchantments she 'd laid on him , and sent that enchantment rebounding back on her .
tr	I	Things had gone back to normal , and Selena couldn 't have happier been that all was well with her boyfriend and friends .
tr	I	I guessed that my family had decided to be extra cautious , not wanting me to to have come home just to have my wounds reopened .
tr	I	Well , it was a fair question but I 't didn see we had a choice .
tr	O	The dinner that followed was an unalloyed delight .
tr	I	However , I figured I had nothing to lose by starting one persuasion last attempt .
tr	O	The world became redder .
tr	I	In one movement she kicked off the and covers flicked on the bedside lamp .
tr	O	They were met at the airport by Uncle Dimitri , her father 's older brother .
tr	I	Before I could pull on a long-sleeve shirt , drifted Bambi off my skin .
tr	O	He would not be pressed further .
tr	I	' Look what 's he got in his hand , ' he said , gently bending back the fingers .
tr	O	He 'd hit another dead end .
tr	I	Her shook mother her head in dismay at realising what the all-night arrangement most probably meant .
tr	I	Sofia to managed choke out .
tr	I	He kept most of his dry foods in these and if the lids didn 't snap on tightly , and humidity insects quickly destroyed the contents .
tr	O	His body stilled and he looked at me hopefully .
tr	I	The point is to give people a chance buy to their own house cheap .
tr	O	Maggie had always been a secret , a secret she 'd asked me to keep , and I had no idea how to explain it now .
tr	I	The man you make swallow his blazing anger !
tr	O	Anna lost her composure and told him never to ask again .
tr	O	He 'd now visited eleven of them , each one more foul than the one before it .
tr	I	Who did to this me ?
tr	I	Sometimes there 's not the right choice , there just 's a better choice .
tr	O	It 's why she was the best .
tr	O	They had a major malfunction with the records and Mia remembered a lot of the patient classifications .
tr	I	If the rider thus assaulted was not amused , those in front of were him even less so .
tr	I	Unable to handle it , they went mad from it and became slayers ruthless who killed anything or anyone who crossed them .
tr	O	He carefully approached her .
tr	O	It was almost as if he were trying to find her once again and it made Sidra feel a small bit better about the morning .
tr	O	Nevertheless , she hadn 't made it out of her bedroom door before the person rang the bell twice more .
tr	O	I tapped my finger on the counter , thinking whether I should spill about the tattoo .
tr	O	I asked her leading questions but she led me with her answers .
tr	O	The room was circular with a floor of pale marble .
tr	O	Nobody had reported any serious resistance yet .
tr	I	Because of the age difference between them , they 'd never been especially but close that was changing .
tr	O	When he touched me in my dreams , all my strength crumbled , and I felt myself being tangled up in his net all over again .
tr	I	Men will always be to tempted use it if they get their hands on it .
tr	I	How do you think he got a hold of Roxie try to the spell on her ?
tr	O	Why don 't you get back downstairs , copy all the files and get back up here ?
tr	O	The pair exchanged a glance .
tr	O	The man tried to spit at Terry , but the saliva only hit the remains of his glass visor .
tr	O	I ran out of the bar like it was about to blow up .
tr	I	They had mixed notions about what do to since they were not getting any orders .
tr	O	His body moves to the music like they 're one and the same .
tr	I	After I showered 'd , and he 'd returned and cleaned up , we ate at a different diner .
tr	I	Someone at the cafe told me that there was a lake next to the state park here around .
tr	I	Ill more often than not with a variety of maladies , some more than likely psychosomatic , was Carly wearing a robe .
tr	I	He informed my spies an that attack is planned , just before the full moon .
tr	I	Store up food , for a disaster strike will !
tr	O	Hailey giggled as she stretched out the end of the word ' you ' , also as if it were stretched like a piece of bubble gum .
tr	O	It wouldn 't be long now .
tr	I	I got also a bling to hang off of it .
tr	I	His blond hair gleamed , but it was the way his eyes up lit when he saw her that made her heart flip-flop .
tr	I	Smiths worked their bellows as hammer rang on steel , horseshoes and barrel rims the likely for order the day .
tr	O	Bare trees stood , their branches thin like bones , stretching toward the sky .
tr	O	She thought of the astrology column .
tr	I	I didn 't that expect to happen .
tr	I	Last night I was standing on in line the deli and almost smacked a few people in the face .
tr	I	I think maybe she runs that show pretty as well it is .
tr	I	When she rounded the corner of B aisle , the first thing noticeable was a few boxes stacked outside an open storage room .
tr	O	Very kind of all of you , indeed .
tr	I	I threw his sentiments earlier back at him .
tr	O	She touched his face , stroking over the roughness of his jaw .
tr	O	I have gently inserted it into his mind , in order that the process of working it out begin .
tr	O	So far , every time he 'd mentioned his brother he 'd shut down soon afterward .
tr	O	My mind reels at the devastating images but my choice is unchanged .
tr	I	A living torso , tied to a chair , a sight so hard to believe , a no sight one can forget .
tr	I	She splashed the water into mouth her .
tr	I	She at looked the wounds Ebon had inflicted , each of them now appearing like scars from a battle fought long ago .
tr	I	Suddenly , she and trembled jerked back .
tr	O	The temperature plummeted while they stood there , the rain fresh and cool , and the wind blew a fine mist through the screen door .
tr	I	For the first time a in week , her body relaxed .
tr	I	He was all the way down and the across hall .
tr	I	Dorothea nodded , a look of pleased satisfaction on face her .
tr	I	I could already feel myself starting sweat to .
tr	I	He grew up next to Raine 's 's family ranch by the lake , and Raine has had a crush on him since she learned to walk .
tr	O	' It 's in a large area underneath the Crown Court at Southwark .
tr	I	I don 't any hurt less .
tr	I	At the end of a fortnight Thorin to began think of departure .
tr	I	What sort of man a kills woman ?
tr	O	The first view was a live feed from a satellite travelling within visual range for the last 15 minutes .
tr	I	But how could she explain that she did remember not the last time she smiled ?
tr	O	I 'd pretended otherwise , but I still felt it now .
tr	I	Hard to tell exactly what .
tr	I	No one anything expected from me .
tr	I	When he saw emerge him from the grove , he casually moved so he could track him and not have his view blocked by the trucks .
tr	O	I glanced over to the cocoon of blankets on her bed .
tr	I	Hours later feel I Billie 's hand being removed and I half-open bleary eyes .
tr	O	' Make it quick , Agnes , ' George muttered .
tr	I	I don see 't how I 'll be able to work here .
tr	O	He glanced around at the vendors watching them .
tr	I	It was only the thing I could think to do .
tr	O	The elevator doors slid open with a chime .
tr	O	To Chief Dennis J. Towle of the Sutton police department who provided details to assist in my research .
tr	I	I 've back sat and watched for months .
tr	O	Until he could learn more about the attack on her , Cale was viewing everyone as a potential threat .
tr	O	Would it make him look like a nerd , reading a biology book at the batting cages ?
tr	I	And alongside the huge skull , a small black creature lying on ground the , hands and feet clenched , mouth open in a frozen scream .
tr	O	I 'll take care of you .
tr	O	It 's asking an awful lot for him to wait for me for three full months while I find my way back to him .
tr	O	Selma couldn 't help but wonder if any of them knew who Amber really was .
tr	O	Clearing her throat , she changed the subject .
tr	O	Her teeth nipped his chin .
tr	O	A small handset beside the computer station chimed , and he picked it up and listened .
tr	I	She looked down and face her was distraught when she raised it .
tr	I	A moment of ensued silence .
tr	O	An empty baby bottle on the coffee table .
tr	O	His little face lit up .
tr	I	Now she knew how mia mamma had been coined .
tr	O	Lin looked him in the eyes .
tr	I	Nor he would publicly humiliate her .
tr	I	It is almost though as you blame me .
tr	O	I hadn 't thought of that .
tr	O	I imagined them dragging me off and shocking me in a big iron electric chair .
tr	O	In two steps , he 's at my bed , his open hand covering my mouth .
tr	O	They were engineered on the hive ship and made to survive out here .
tr	O	Her cell phone chimed loudly through the room .
tr	I	Always passing on important useful and life lessons .
tr	I	Thank you your for support .
tr	I	There a are few inquiries that require you visit the library in person , but most can be accommodated in the comfort of your home .
tr	O	Yes , he 'll make you an excellent husband .
tr	I	I had called the guys who worked for me and told them work was postponed until the police their finished investigation .
tr	I	I I think 'm being excessively hyper critical .
tr	O	He looked at me and nodded , like we had some unspoken pact to keep her safe .
tr	I	He forced himself not to turn his head when he heard the rustle faint of silk .
tr	O	The personification of bad boys redeemed , but still edgy .
tr	O	I 'd thought about confronting Brittany , who seemed to lead the pack that teased her the most , but I didn 't .
tr	O	The only other alarming feature is his eyes .
tr	I	And present the state of things is this .
tr	O	Maybe I liked being a slut .
tr	O	At least I didn 't have a fever anymore .
tr	I	Why did he have this on effect me ?
tr	O	I almost choked on my own spit .
tr	I	My eyes could just not stop looking at filled everything with wonder and amazement .
tr	O	The answer was sad but easy to find .
tr	O	Jes and I had a long talk .
tr	O	' Pushing right along then , ' he said and proceeded to flog the screaming , squirming drunkard to within an inch of his life .
tr	I	His had hand loosened around his spear haft then , and he hadn 't the will to close his fingers again .
tr	I	As she for started the door , Lucas flattened his hand to the panel .
tr	O	She continued flinging accusations at me like they were going out of fashion while I gathered what I needed for class .
tr	O	When she was finished , the announcer introduced the next musician as a guy at the back of the stage area began walking forward .
tr	O	She slowly obeyed as her dark hair appeared .
tr	I	The light turned green and both men started across walking the street .
tr	O	Slowly , I turned and raised my hands with the heavy text .
tr	I	So not the I thing want to talk about with my mom .
tr	O	There was only one way to find out -- he would have to take that swim , after all .
tr	O	A hand settled on his shoulder .
tr	O	He came into the room and Murphy darted back into his shelter .
tr	O	She knelt in front of Angie , took the picture into her own lap , and stared down at it .
tr	I	He had recovered from despair the with knowledge nothing in the present had changed .
tr	O	My patience has finally run out .
tr	O	Dorian stared at Ian bitterly .
tr	O	And did you see that awful haircut ?
tr	O	The moment their pattern of flight is disturbed by an intruder , every bat in the area discerns it .
tr	I	I knew hair that .
tr	O	My friends didn 't dare ask to come with us .
tr	I	I waved at her left and .
tr	O	Sad that she could do nothing better for Bernard or his men .
tr	O	He hadn 't considered that perchance she harbored tender feelings for Alaric .
tr	O	Then she double steps up and Air Force One 's doors finally are closed .
tr	I	Roger walked to over the hospital bed and , with amazement , looked down at his grandson .
tr	O	Pressing her body against Doug 's , she cuddled him close and draped her arm across his waist .
tr	O	Katherine , apparently satisfied with her prognosis , resumed typing .
tr	I	It could 've been a sexy burglar cat .
tr	I	Tanya and I said our through dropped jaws .
tr	O	Once again , I wondered just what the heck Dex was .
tr	I	He shrugs the jacket on , suddenly and magically becoming the Sean Kendrick I saw in the butcher shop as does he .
tr	I	When she 's pinching , he her has rest back against the headboard .
tr	I	I picked up another apple slice and a made face at it .
tr	O	She didn 't want the conversation to focus on anything remotely close to the fact that she 'd already known his background .
tr	I	Well a few years ago they developed carrot a that helps people absorb forty one percent more calcium than when they consume a regular carrot .
tr	I	After nearly a week without food and very little to drink , she should be weak dehydrated and .
tr	I	Mairi 's curled fingers against his shirt , now wet with her tears .
tr	O	the pirate captain asked .
tr	O	He hated these feelings inside him .
tr	I	I have to negotiate the conference fee a for podiatrists ' convention .
tr	O	Besides I didn 't see how I was getting in the way of anything .
tr	I	Luckily , I happened two toward big brown pillars , where fish I assume similar to me were swimming around .
tr	I	Still nuzzling Arianna 's neck , his body temperature rose until the sand turned glass to under his feet .
tr	O	I recalled the churning waves , the white caps .
tr	I	He came some upon stairs .
tr	O	I struggle with my composure , struggle to seem unfazed .
tr	O	It is a phenomenon that has been experienced when intervention is late .
tr	I	His hand finds its way between my legs and strokes at my flesh tender .
tr	O	Hannah wasn 't sure how to comment , so she simply nodded , hoping that would suffice .
tr	O	Amy was an intelligent girl who was not ignorant of the facts of life and soon recognised that she was pregnant .
tr	I	Three more wads made ten it thousand exactly .
tr	O	The immersion teacher halted class early .
tr	O	I stepped back from her a little and sighed .
tr	O	The Reapers are going to come for me no matter what you do .
tr	O	The Cane looked up and bared its yellow fangs in a silent snarl .
tr	I	Some years prison in , they will send you to reformatory , then some recovery course , a family home .
tr	O	But Ethan 's word alone wasn 't enough for Sarah .
tr	I	I saw him shoot Iris one glance quick , his expression indecipherable , as we went by .
tr	I	It then was I realized blood souls had excellent eyesight .
tr	I	Then he ran hands his down her arms and placed them on her hips .
tr	I	Devon wasn 't sure where had it all come from .
tr	O	Way out here , I 'll just throw the pelts away , eh ?
tr	I	Oh my God , does love he me ?
tr	I	A richer , warmer scent filled the room , reminding me of simmering and spices wood smoke .
tr	O	Cliff brought the hammer claw down again , burying it in the meaty tissue of Jason 's calf .
tr	O	He brushed his fingers lightly over the surface of the glove .
tr	O	All Abby could hear was the puff of breath from her lungs and the occasional whimper that escaped her lips .
tr	I	I motioned with my hand for her to it spit out .
tr	O	Train for several more hours .
tr	O	The balloon rose steadily into the sky .
tr	O	It was her release .
tr	I	He turned the lock , and opened it with a smooth , almost silent movement .
tr	I	A slow , lazy , handsome devastatingly smile drifted across his face .
tr	O	But without us , where would you be ?
tr	I	She undid the drawstring that held shut it and counted out five gold coins the size of a cat 's paw on the table .
tr	I	Lenin stood to up the mark and prepared to shoot .
tr	I	Their dinner guests stand in the hallway outside the apartment door , holding heavy winter coats in of front them in folded arms .
tr	O	The lights on stage brightened , then , and whatever lights there had been in the rest of the room dimmed ; the students went quiet .
tr	O	The searchlight blazed down the channel and swept over them , highlighting them in its brilliance .
tr	I	She handed it off to Scott that so he could preserve it for examination topside later .
tr	I	Devlin 't wasn completely comfortable with their decision but he wasn 't going to back out .
tr	O	On the other end of the line , I heard Charlie rolling her big brown eyes the way she always did whenever I said something inane .
tr	I	My best friend thinks she 's got a knack for interpreting people situations and .
tr	I	He was looking down into water the .
tr	O	At first he resisted , he was stunned ... but suddenly he found himself enjoying it and before long he didn 't want it to end .
tr	O	He looked at the card , and for a moment the room seemed to spin around him .
tr	I	What good would that do if you don 't listen to your voicemail two for days ?
tr	I	She turned the offer in over her head .
tr	O	Neither business had attracted large volumes of customers and the parking lot was usually empty .
tr	O	I try to put some real conviction in my voice , but I know I am failing .
tr	I	The extraordinary circumstances had made this more important , he himself told .
tr	I	It smelled ... somehow tainted .
tr	O	I 'm telling you , this could secure funding for every project forever !
tr	I	At least felt it that way .
tr	O	He needed companionship , and I wasn 't about to walk away when he was so emotional .
tr	O	We found the wreckage of an Osprey up here , passing it up to the coordination team as Foxtrot Four Alpha One .
tr	O	It wouldn 't be enough .
tr	I	A knife like that will only be useful in close combat conditions , but at this it point is better than nothing .
tr	I	Immediately he regretted reaction his .
tr	O	Vickie 's brown eyes locked with his .
tr	I	His mouth was as warm as skin his .
tr	O	Mike squeezed her hand .
tr	I	As Jenny watched , beams six of light , bright as phosphorous flares , shot out from the bottom of the thing .
tr	I	My estate is dark ; all the windows are black -- hiding whatever be could inside .
tr	O	Undaunted , he kept checking the almanac every morning with his first cup of coffee .
tr	O	It beat running into Papa , Claudette , or Madeleine in the hallways .
tr	I	He thought it padded up to the bedroom door and sniffed loudly at the crack it below .
tr	I	I don 't know about you , but I had great a night .
tr	O	She tried to hide the trembling of her hands by clenching them in his coat .
tr	I	he at yelled her .
tr	O	They moved with the ease of years of love .
tr	O	She said it so human .
tr	I	She the grabbed part of the taut tongue reeling out of the animal 's mouth .
tr	O	She was rougher and more sarcastic , not polite or nurturing at all .
tr	I	A message I didn 't want see to .
tr	O	It was an arrangement of symbols , far more complex than even the hieroglyphs of Egypt .
tr	I	He closed his eyes and tried to deeply breathe , but he started to cry once more .
tr	O	Savannah smiled that infuriating , secret smile of hers and took his hand to lead him to the tub .
tr	O	He jumped out of the bed and opened the side door , bending down to pull the box of Slaps out from under the passenger seat .
tr	O	I have a feeling they were at the junction just waiting for us .
tr	I	Will expression 's changed , revealing the wolf inside him .
tr	I	Lots of were people talking at once .
tr	I	Silence filled room the .
tr	O	Particularly about their origins .
tr	O	I stared at his lips and then his chest and reached down and ran my fingers over his abs .
tr	O	Phone calls would have come in , paperwork would have blasted through , or coworkers would have mentioned it .
tr	I	It 's then only that I realise Will is with one other person .
tr	O	His claws still out , he went after the three I 'd just saved , their deaths clearly his intention .
tr	O	My words were drowned out by an engine .
tr	I	Arrogance rolled off as him a thick and heavy miasma , like stench rolls off of garbage .
tr	O	Which meant no money .
tr	O	None of us had .
tr	O	From the track lighting above I could see a gleam of sweat on her exposed skin .
tr	O	The pain alone made her terrified of turning anyone , not that she 'd ever turn anyone against their will .
tr	I	Afraid because of what our was mother .
tr	I	The popped white corn coated everything -- the grass , the shrubs .
tr	I	Maps and navigational instruments have scattered been across it .
tr	O	I hadn 't forgotten the job tomorrow , but the reminder was a good one with as much as had been going on lately .
tr	O	He doesn 't mention Trent again .
tr	O	His grab on me hurt , and I tried to pull away .
tr	I	But it wasn 't my to place question .
tr	O	After all these nightmarish images , she wanted Penney to live forever .
tr	I	I with started the photos .
tr	I	I looked back at his sad , tired face , wondering if I ever 'd again see that kid I used to know .
tr	O	I laughed at the look on his face .
tr	I	They tumbled the to ground with such force , they released each other 's hands .
tr	O	The look on his face was troubled .
tr	I	It had been nearly a week since I slept had outside .
tr	O	First , she had to decide which recipe to use .
tr	O	Sharp pain shot through his right leg .
tr	O	At first she thought she 'd somehow experienced another of his fantasies .
tr	O	But she 'd felt him watching her on too many occasions to count .
tr	I	My heart into sank my stomach .
tr	O	Most important meeting of her future ?
tr	O	He jumped down from his horse and patted one of the saddlebags .
tr	O	Now they were being put to use as ammunition , which was being focused and accelerated .
tr	O	An enormous sound followed , like the blast of a ship 's horn , accompanied by a searing flash of light and heat .
tr	O	Greasy tried to hide his smirk in his moustache .
tr	O	She hadn 't been with many men but the ones she had been with had always been in the dark .
tr	O	Although , as I stared at him more closely , I realized he had a bruise forming under his right eye .
tr	I	And that 's we all said about the night before .
tr	I	, he said answering my with question a proud look on his face .
tr	O	My words are high and strangled , clutched in the web of anger .
tr	O	He knew he couldn 't let his brother be so reckless , at least not alone .
tr	I	I would rip the tubes my from arms only to have them replaced .
tr	I	All they identified the was usual space dust , a few small lumps of rock and the two space ships resting on the asteroid .
tr	I	My 's dad jaw dropped .
tr	I	Shifting slightly to get more on comfortable his desk , Garn leaned forward .
tr	O	He didn 't take it from her hand .
tr	I	He switched to the app camera on his smartphone .
tr	I	It was her birthday 17th , and was officially her worst birthday in 10 years .
tr	O	I closed my eyes , and let myself wallow in self-pity for a few minutes .
tr	I	On her left shoulder was a quote and a picture of a dandelion blowing in the wind , the floating fluff toward her spine .
tr	O	Thanks to magic , I 've got a caste all of my own .
tr	O	Spencer seemed blissfully unaware what jackasses they all were but he was clearly aware of how uncomfortable I was .
tr	I	My best friends reflect on this a for moment , knowing I 'm right .
tr	I	Instead , she had forced Lorraine to in behave a way that destroyed her high opinion of him .
tr	I	You people care little for the living , and the you redemption promise can only be reached after death .
tr	I	But even though his ears were ringing and it his took vision a couple of seconds to right itself , he could make out the huge paws .
tr	I	The all watched with excited with gleeful expressions as man a dressed in motley attire juggled bowling pins .
tr	I	jumped in a suddenly miffed Sharma Mr. .
tr	I	You 've survived two accidents big .
tr	O	Severance sighed and moved off purposefully .
tr	I	I chewed on my for lip a moment , trying to think of something that he would want to talk about .
tr	I	I just would call Eric .
tr	I	Hancock paused turned and around .
tr	I	For humans it was sufficient but recovered Lycans fast .
tr	I	Just in time , he arrived at goal his .
tr	O	She could still faintly hear screams that way .
tr	O	To anyone looking at me , I appeared to be engrossed in my phone .
tr	O	Tim had one more question .
tr	I	Aware of the warmth of his laughter brushing mind her .
tr	O	Yes - Just interested in by-election votes .
tr	I	Maybe it was true , pretty people get stuff to handed them for free , while people who looked like basset hounds worked hard for scraps .
tr	I	At time the , though , I was too young to take care of him .
tr	O	Ok , I must admit that did make sense , but I still couldn 't accept that the creation story had simply been misinterpreted as literally true .
tr	I	But doubted he that sitting around doing nothing for the rest of his life fit his personality .
tr	I	I rolled my eyes while he chuckled , enjoying clearly teasing me .
tr	I	Her had heart started galloping .
tr	O	It allowed him to pick off beasts from a distance but also be prepared if anything got close .
tr	O	The entire Caldwell family , including Joan , gasped at what had just happened .
tr	O	Only : Oh , please help me , oh please , please .
tr	I	He refused to do this to again himself .
tr	O	Aiden nodded curtly and exited the cabin .
tr	I	No one knew what she 'd done by killing man that .
tr	I	He turns his face the to wind .
tr	I	Biology though was harsher than aesthetics , and Finn knew that if hadn she 't children already then she wouldn 't have forever to think about it .
tr	O	There was a pause while he wrote it down .
tr	O	I like your skirt .
tr	O	Then she began pulling his clothing down until he was nude before her .
tr	O	I wanted to sing , for I felt more cheery than I should , but sleep came on all too soon .
tr	I	We 're back at the villa , the one same we stayed in the first time .
tr	O	Like spears upon a slaughtered corpse , a series of misshapen pillars surrounded the circle .
tr	O	Yet nothing could ever be as it had been .
tr	I	I could be right dreaming now .
tr	O	There was only a second , if that , before it came crashing down on me .
tr	I	' And where does all the money from come , aye ?
tr	I	Sometimes did he just the right thing .
tr	O	Stories of fairy tales would be told .
tr	O	Mr. Marin 's eyes lit up when he saw Hanna .
tr	O	Metaphor for the district if you like . '
tr	O	I couldn 't stay away from you that night , couldn 't let you go through that alone .
tr	O	His hot blue stare locked onto her eyes , taking her captive and refusing to let her go .
tr	O	The woman closed her mouth .
tr	O	I nodded , glancing at Barbie .
tr	I	I was a knight in my father fief 's , and I fought along side my father 's vassals .
tr	I	Eric held close her , kissing the top of her head .
tr	O	The early feeders were easily recognized by their chirps .
tr	I	They noticed the that closer they approached the fountain , the shorter the roses became .
tr	I	Gentlemen , plural in ?
tr	O	I decide then that Realm is someone I should stay close to for a while .
tr	I	I supposed both we were .
tr	I	It was an odd reaction for me to have towards him and he his furrowed brow as he sat on the edge of the bed .
tr	O	Again she looked to Emma , as though Emma made the final decisions .
tr	O	And I 'll take an Amaretto and pineapple .
tr	I	I clear throat my .
tr	I	He selected a muffin and downed half of it before he that realized Zack and Raine were watching him with scarcely veiled amusement .
tr	O	The only thing she desired more than anything was to watch an old video tape of her parents holding her a few days after her birth .
tr	O	She hugged herself , rocking back and forth trying to soothe the fear within her .
tr	I	But emotions that I keep well-hidden are erupting and is there nothing I can do but let them come .
tr	O	Each turtle was fitted with a dark mask with two round fixtures placed over their eyes .
tr	I	The school I went to before transferred all of my files , and I passed already the courses .
tr	O	She fiddled with the recorder until the red button blinked , and tried to reorient herself .
tr	O	he asked and then abruptly stood up and offered to shake my hand .
tr	O	He knew he 'd have disappointed customers , but he was dead set on dealing with this head on .
tr	O	If only she could get out of there as quickly as possible .
tr	O	It is okay if you do not come back .
tr	O	I can see her watching the car as I peel out onto the road , her head hung low , and she probably feels like shit .
tr	I	My thoughts were a racing million miles per minute .
tr	I	What an she idiot must think him .
tr	I	I tried to stop and I did manage it for a few days , but it was much too .
tr	I	The night partially was obscured by fog .
tr	O	Seth got up , followed by the curious group , to attend to the commotion just as the children started arriving for class .
tr	I	A billboard advertising Caribbean cruises me takes to another world .
tr	O	You carry no warlock 's mark .
tr	I	Even through the smoke and clouds , the sun 's heat manages to down gleam .
tr	I	Moist glanced at Stanley , who was starting tremble to .
tr	O	I pulled a flash grenade from my pack and tossed it at the infected before me .
tr	I	He 'd never seen Blythe this like .
tr	I	I love only you already many for years -- she was stroking the man 's chest , then she kissed Laurence and they began kissing .
tr	I	Rudy Klein had claimed her as a ward of court the .
tr	O	You can trust me .
tr	I	Running into barefoot the street , she shouted Tutu 's name .
tr	I	It take would some getting used to .
tr	I	All this have could been avoided .
tr	O	I wouldn 't want to face down another Reaper anytime soon .
tr	O	Chapter Nine Impossible Suddenly Quite Possible Benedict walked to his carriage in silence .
tr	O	It seemed like they were done with an even more unsteady hand than before .
tr	I	Mom encourages me to follow my passions , as long as it 's not anything I used to love , like sports competitive .
tr	I	Grabbing it in mid air a with deep , slow breath .
tr	O	Tuck 's voice trailed off and the phone disconnected , leaving Aran with nothing but a dead line for the second time .
tr	O	All she knew was that she was falling , falling , falling .
tr	O	He is terrible because he kills many , many people .
tr	I	On the one hand , was I put at ease from the constant unknown .
tr	I	This wasn 't the she car remembered , then .
tr	I	The final cylinder , E Cyl , was spacious more than the others .
tr	I	There was nothing silence but .
tr	I	Her first time had his been .
tr	O	She didn 't look nervous in the least .
tr	O	His face was illuminated in the glow of the digital clock on the desk .
tr	I	Especially if your boyfriend a had tongue bar .
tr	O	The wagon turned , and Adam saw a large , wooden sign , partially hidden behind an outgrowth of trees .
tr	I	You just start walking to your house because it 's a new bright day .
tr	I	She couldn 't imagine anything exciting more , but there was .
tr	O	He climbed into bed behind her and began stroking her hair .
tr	O	I tilt my head , but stay silent .
tr	I	And why hadn 't said she anything to him before he left ?
tr	I	They were wealthy liked and to spend that wealth .
tr	I	As an animal , knew he that you couldn 't put someone in a cage and expect them to live .
tr	O	The Star of Sudden Changes had regressed , and was conjoined with Venus , in the west .
tr	I	I was a few miles from home when I passed a police car tucked of out sight on a side street .
tr	I	He reached for her hand , then better thought of it .
tr	O	In some cases , she knew they were actually better off than they 'd been .
tr	O	I was thankful that I 'd been left behind to guard the General .
tr	O	Shema would be staying with an elder , who was too old for the purge .
tr	I	He hung up the phone sat and there nursing his tea .
tr	O	My grandfather was in the Navy and was stationed down here for a few years .
tr	O	The state police captain was apparently a man who didn 't appreciate being interrupted .
tr	O	Karina wrung her hands continuously .
tr	I	His older brother have would his hide for this , but Rich would deal with Jason later .
tr	O	He stripped off his clothes and put on a condom before moving over her .
tr	O	I need more Lysol .
tr	O	Coming on top of the loss of a master that he had served for goodness knows how long , what must he be feeling ?
tr	O	I pondered his words for a moment while he continued .
tr	I	Her words him forced to pause as he looked down at the menu .
tr	O	He thought he recognised an equal longing flicker in her eyes .
tr	O	After all , Sutherland was reaching the end of the straits when I last saw him .
tr	I	Motes into spun spirals , speaking a mysterious geometry .
tr	I	George 's became face redder as he nearly began crying .
tr	I	She pulled him to her for a brief , kiss fierce .
tr	O	Gar eyes fastened on the chest of coins .
tr	O	A single , urgent thought occupied their minds : get as far away from Mech City as possible .
tr	I	Brick did not look as if he was gawking on the inside , all too ready to crack a into schoolboy grin .
tr	I	She reached for Cian 's hand , pressed it to her and chest then turned her eyes directly to Ian .
tr	O	His wonderful wife was a smart woman and a big dreamer .
tr	O	David scanned the row of people waiting to order .
tr	I	The female tall fingers the object floating stationary outside the ship .
tr	I	He out held his hands to her .
tr	O	It was a huge black hole that took up half its face and sharp , jagged teeth lined the mouth 's circumference .
tr	I	My ankle was not nearly painful so as it had been .
tr	O	He lifted the seat , revealing a dozen strange oddities .
tr	O	It wasn 't something I 'd done before .
tr	I	He looked like Thomas a .
tr	O	It was part of the mutation brought on by the virus .
tr	I	Chapter Katy 30 The ride was silent and tense .
tr	I	His hands framed her face , thumbs his stroking her cheeks .
tr	I	She made herself relax , and then looked up to see both the Captain Commander and watching her .
tr	I	Where did he buy stolen the guns ?
tr	O	Tammie smiles nervously at him .
tr	O	I answered , which was fine because he was looking for me anyway .
tr	O	' I get it , ' said Taro .
tr	O	Their breath plumed out in front of them with each exhalation .
tr	I	Now Dreamer , to listen me .
tr	O	And it 's then that the Shadow figures out what Abe will stay for .
tr	I	She swallowed all it , reveling the taste , the muffled groans , his trembling body .
tr	O	Best vacation I ever had . '
tr	O	I called out for her help .
tr	I	He also held the same make model and handgun that the two other guys carried .
tr	O	Emma drew in a breath .
tr	I	Large patches of blonde hair were absent from her scalp , some of which now stuck her to gore soaked clothing .
tr	O	You know , learned how to properly walk instead of stomping all over the place .
tr	I	But this was not Blue what was told .
tr	I	He 't didn know he 'd been the one who 'd hidden it .
tr	I	she said continuing before .
tr	O	He quickly logged into his Gmail and felt another flutter seeing the email from Michelle .
tr	I	Several places had been down jotted in messy rows , rumors and locations I 'd picked up over the years .
tr	O	The child on the tape suddenly cried out and pressed her hands to her head .
tr	I	I ignored his words and glared him at .
tr	O	There are some simple character portraits in this section too .
tr	O	She pinches my chest , surprising me , and I wince .
tr	O	Even knowing what I am .
tr	I	' Well I won 't get you trouble into then , ' he smiled .
tr	I	This time caught he it .
tr	O	She held her cell phone up so Nancy could see the screen .
tr	O	I nodded , though I knew it was only an illusion .
tr	I	I can move 't from my hiding place without risk .
tr	I	Could either of you take me on a tour the of city ?
tr	O	What the heck was he ?
tr	I	A moan low of anguish escaped her .
tr	I	Anyway , my in basement , I kind of panicked when Jane started talking , and when the heat came , I didn 't stop it .
tr	I	It his was second treatment .
tr	I	Thanking him Stu to turned leave but reaching for the door it burst open .
tr	I	Thomas stared at man this in disbelief .
tr	I	The line of ships fired their conventional weapons upon the ahead ships but these left no traceable damage .
tr	O	I ´ m sure if someone else was in my shoes they ´ d feel the same way .
tr	O	Emma 's voice called from the porch , smiling at me as she walked down the stairs .
tr	O	They 'd cleared the air about that two months ago , here at this very lodge .
tr	O	I thought it would stop automatically or something when it got to the top of my cup , but it continued to flow steadily .
tr	I	You were then tiny .
tr	O	I drive home and shower .
tr	I	He still stands for a second .
tr	I	However , periodically would one make it past him .
tr	I	She was pretty Elizabeth sure didn 't get out much .
tr	I	Cecil and sighed frowned .
tr	I	At some point in my melt down , Evie had joined me on my small and bed held me while I sobbed .
tr	I	A stranger with familiar a face .
tr	O	It takes a lot of courage to say the things you 've just said , Mr. Harris , Mike .
tr	I	I have fight to .
tr	O	I was miserable , but I decided to wait it out until Tina turned eighteen before I left him .
tr	I	I kissed her ear before pulling my lips away and throwing arm my around her shoulder .
tr	I	She no longer recognized the person back staring at her .
tr	O	I didn 't think so .
tr	I	But he gave Snowball a strange as look he disappeared in the barn .
tr	O	She spun and focused her irritation on Tony .
tr	O	Her gloved hand fell to her dog 's head .
tr	O	He was not lonely nor afraid .
tr	O	Paul had said no-one .
tr	O	The semi hit its horn .
tr	O	He massaged it for a moment before sliding down and placing his hot mouth over my nipple .
tr	I	Now it was impossible her for to see anything .
tr	O	It must have popped out during the struggle , unveiling the hypnotic mirror of her iris .
tr	I	With a gesture he summoned a up small pinprick of energetic light .
tr	O	I knew I had no shot at getting away from him so I did the only thing I could do .
tr	I	Politicians , scholars , religious and opinion leaders started to meet in heated round table discussions in front of an of audience billions .
tr	I	We had to out get of there and pray the demons didn 't follow us .
tr	I	One beam a struck meteor , vaporizing it .
tr	I	The sheet a was map of the city , apparently copied from the one Marsh had sent .
tr	O	So she took his hand cautiously , feeling the bones in his fingers more greatly than she should have , and just sat with him .
tr	I	His hands start to tremble my against face , and he closes his eyes and takes a deep breath .
tr	I	The leaned boy forward in his arms and pressed his hands against the glass .
tr	O	It had been a great pleasure to guide the torpedoes in their targets .
tr	O	It had stopped ringing by the time she reached it , but there was a text message blinking on the screen .
tr	I	In a skip a and stumble he darts over to the booth .
tr	O	What we saw just triggered it .
tr	O	Max followed his wife , supporting her by the elbow .
tr	O	It was a miracle she hadn 't been more badly hurt .
tr	O	I had to look away before the ball in my throat expanded .
tr	I	Through the of hail wooden shafts , they fired back a barrage while Edmund stayed under cover , listening to the thumping sounds .
tr	O	I would never hurt you .
tr	O	Her vivid green eyes reflected a deep emotion and I took a step closer trying to discover it .
tr	O	You know it is your third year . '
tr	I	I out blurted a little too quickly and loud .
tr	O	He did his best to hide his interest as she made her way back across the room .
tr	O	A whisper of expensive cologne told me who it was from before I read the card .
tr	I	I heard all about Harold 's adventures with Alice for a few days until she must have decided wasn he 't worth her efforts .
tr	I	What the 's point ?
tr	I	I 'm doing just it for the fun .
tr	I	I pulled in you when were behind the house .
tr	I	Morgan zipped around and back dashed to the woman , who wore a look of fear and dread against Morgan 's onslaught .
tr	I	We both were biding time .
tr	I	But I can 't the bring pill back .
tr	I	Moore 's mind pulsed with activity frenzied .
tr	I	I hoped this was her way of preventing what happened her to happen to me .
tr	O	He decided not to bring up the issue on his own .
tr	I	Which meant 'd she be okay .
tr	I	For years , they added the steroid as a part a of routine physical for young teens .
tr	O	Two months ago , we almost caught an agent because he kept using the same email account .
tr	I	I am spinning in circles , I and want this all to go away .
tr	O	The physician left the two in silence .
tr	I	I shook my and head looked toward Ty and Miranda .
tr	O	' Well , I 've had better holidays than this last one that 's for sure !
tr	I	I had to home get .
tr	O	She lets out a loud sigh .
tr	I	Imagine what the smoke and soot had done his to garments !
tr	O	But when he told her as much , she sadly shook her head .
tr	O	I didn 't even glance towards him on my way to the edge of the road .
tr	O	Though delivered casually , I register the intent quality of the question .
tr	O	I sure as hell don 't see how they could have left me there .
tr	I	This the is story of dirt .
tr	I	You could see a glimpse of Asian blood in her small thin eyes , were which hiding under her bangs .
tr	O	After almost ten full minutes of all-out sparring , both men had bloody noses and bruised ribs .
tr	O	His eyes remain closed and my heart refuses to slow .
tr	O	I was only doing a job ; I wasn 't here to be treated like a whore .
tr	I	Your brother me sent .
tr	I	He to turned me .
tr	O	Nobody has had to face this .
tr	I	With them on the floor on his side of the bed , 'd I have to get up , too , or start shivering .
tr	O	Every word he uttered had to be believed .
tr	I	And staying free you once 've escaped .
tr	I	Dank 's jaw tensed and he to turned glare in Jay 's direction .
tr	I	He at gazed the quiet streets he 'd frequented on and off for so long , feeling like a stranger now .
tr	I	We were in our house that night celebrating my birthday the when killer and his men broke in .
tr	I	All I see could was her soul and the darkness .
tr	I	He loved the sound his of name on her tongue .
tr	I	This scene didn 't drive really the plot along very much so bye-bye .
tr	O	Tam raises an eyebrow to mock me .
tr	O	However , in less than a minute of waiting I heard a group of girls coming towards the toilets and I knew I was in big trouble .
tr	I	That was as just bad , if not worse .
tr	I	She seemed to want to confront the experience she been 'd describing head-on now .
tr	O	Security forces must have been diverted elsewhere .
tr	O	Cooking after the sun sets is off-limits .
tr	O	There was a little closet under the stairs .
tr	I	Bring her to the bank elevator .
tr	O	You cannot have worked for many years ; you are little more than a child yourself . '
tr	I	I don 't if care I incur your wrath .
tr	I	My mouth begins to water , and my legs moving begin toward the kitchen .
tr	I	Roman made a beeline the for coffee .
tr	I	She even jiggled the doorknob and tried to look through the keyhole but something was in stuffed the other side .
tr	I	But it so was frickin ' weird , Frankie .
tr	O	He had read the former army ranger 's dossier en route to the Horn of Africa .
tr	O	As she waited , the illness disappeared and was replaced with the heat of anger .
tr	I	Disciplined men were normally not rash .
tr	I	Debbie along with the other eight or so patients were all sitting in black plastic chairs the like ones outside Debbie 's office .
tr	I	A sting will you slow down .
tr	I	The dug console into my ribs a little painfully , but it wasn 't enough pain to stop me .
tr	O	I roll over , catching a glimpse of a familiar smirk and sparkling eyes .
tr	I	Its bark ridges ran like up towers its side .
tr	O	She looked up at him , then stared in disbelief at what she saw .
tr	I	The pot in my hand , I carefully carried it over to the final waiting jar for the potion love .
tr	O	The short sleeves fit snug around his biceps and broad chest , and I inwardly cringed for noticing .
tr	O	The streets looked like they were part of a ghost town .
tr	O	She looked infinitely fragile .
tr	O	He continued to stare at her , resisting with all his might the urge to move away .
tr	O	But even this sad turn of events had a strange and inexplicable side to it .
tr	I	A cold proverbial shoulder to match his own , which now felt the cold air rushing across drying tears .
tr	O	How can we get rid of these things ?
tr	I	Social equality 't wasn in his agenda .
tr	I	The was truth , I just didn 't know how .
tr	I	She ran a hand shaking through her hair , staring at the center mark .
tr	I	Grabbing a pad and paper , Jack down wrote the address .
tr	O	Maddy 's voice was quiet in my mind .
tr	O	I expected the typical foam padding or some cardboard , but there was none .
tr	O	He 'd been wandering like me , but in this zone of light , not darkness .
tr	I	She deserves better , deserves live to in the moment .
tr	I	And the shoes ... pairs and pairs all in colors stacked up on boxes .
tr	I	Belle : aggression And .
tr	O	The pain in his eyes was real .
tr	I	When they returned from shopping hours later , black five trash bags lined the curb .
tr	O	Viktor twisted his neck sideways , and ice flooded his veins .
tr	I	From Amelia 's perspective it was much viewing like a movie where she was being shown exactly how the entire battle would play out .
tr	I	I have a hard time acquiring enough coin to pay the Empress tithe 's at the best of times , so this will help .
tr	I	How in the hell could she believe even for a that second he would cheat on her ?
tr	I	I not tried to be hurt .
tr	O	She gave Sophie a meaningful stare .
tr	O	I put a hand on her and led her outside and far away from the shouting match .
tr	I	Hannah quickly agreed and seemed eager to discuss details the .
tr	O	Javier entered the room .
tr	I	She was with there her mother and father .
tr	O	The gun flew through the air and landed a few feet away .
tr	O	I swear if I don 't leave this apartment now , I 'll make true on that promise again and again .
tr	I	One long leg tentatively stepped across the threshold , if as he half expected to melt .
tr	O	* * * I wobbled to my feet , head throbbing where the dresser had hit me .
tr	O	Moving quickly , she finished drying her feet , then drew on her stockings and shoes , smoothed her skirt , ran a hand through her hair .
tr	I	I didn 't want to talk Lysander to any more or see the annoyed look on his face .
tr	I	It didn 't though matter .
tr	O	But the realization only pained him even more .
tr	O	It was suppressed from his conscious mind but barely contained .
tr	I	The of creation something new .
tr	I	The deep voice drown his in ears .
tr	O	She dressed quickly and left the apartment , trying not to look at the bloody body on the couch .
tr	I	' Goodness , 's it just been the two of you ? '
tr	I	Shea herself made move on .
tr	I	Mrs. Bernadette led us the to staff office on the ground floor and then into one of the conference rooms within the office .
tr	O	She explains something about having to get him ready for the funeral home and then tells me I need to get some rest .
tr	O	Plus , I think we can spare some people to keep an eye on it .
tr	O	I was still processing my mother 's words and did not know what he was talking about .
tr	O	He had a job to do , and he would do it .
tr	I	There were rope burns and dried blood on her and ankles wrists .
tr	I	I just didn 't know if pleasure the was going to be worth the inevitable pain I knew was coming .
tr	O	I rub my hand up her spine and revel in the feel of her body pressed tight to me .
tr	I	The high of price tuna ?
tr	O	Nelson throws a fastball down the middle and Palmeiro is going for it .
tr	I	My name Anya is .
tr	O	She Pushed against the coin , using it to slow her momentum and to nudge her to the side .
tr	O	The Senator is waiting for you .
tr	O	This is something you have never understood , that people change .
tr	O	He didn 't want to die , not for a job .
tr	O	And you will start tomorrow with a drink on his birthday .
tr	O	Julia knew Tamsin loved her brother and saw the best in him .
tr	I	He perked a up bit .
tr	O	I wasn 't going anywhere .
tr	O	But her quick examination of this Commandant Pierce gave her little to go on .
tr	O	So I go ahead and tell her about Peeta , his deterioration on-screen , and how I think they must be killing him at this very moment .
tr	O	It felt like hiking through an earthy sauna .
tr	O	Mom paced between the couch and the window , the phone pressed to her ear .
tr	O	A swarm of demon sights filled her eyes , making her sick .
tr	O	Unluckily , when she arrived in Clevedon proper the wind had whipped up and a fierce thunderstorm had rolled in .
tr	I	The whys and hows weren important 't .
tr	I	Rory in pulled a deep breath .
tr	O	I like how seriously he says it , as if it 's impossible .
tr	I	I him cut off .
tr	O	He noticed with satisfaction that he 'd taken down a good dozen opponents before they 'd managed to stop him .
tr	O	Misty stared , her mouth open .
tr	I	She 'd smelled the scent same there .
tr	I	She turned to Max as approached he and worded it .
tr	I	At moment that , his wife moved up behind me and leaned down low so only I could hear her .
tr	I	' How did you that do ? '
tr	I	An angry undertone palpable was in his voice .
tr	O	We can spend the day doing things we both love .
tr	O	And then you saw them in action and you realized no one else knew the potential .
tr	I	He refused to release her hand and dread filled with him a dark coldness .
tr	I	' I 'll break at even that price .
tr	O	I was going to turn around and go back in when I heard coughing .
tr	I	English , he could with manage slight grammatical errors .
tr	O	Blood was dripping from it , forming a little puddle beside his feet .
tr	O	He was methodically reconstructing his Imperial status , only this time , his plans didn 't include the Italians .
tr	I	Finally putting her phone away , Ruth retreated to the far corner and leveled her briefcase the on ground in order to sit on it .
tr	I	Let 's face it , if L. really was a ninja , you wouldn 't be able see to her , would you ?
tr	O	The attendants at the front desk , both men with slicked back hair , wore buttoned shirts with rolled sleeves , suspenders , and bow ties .
tr	I	An eternity me for .
tr	O	' I 've been here eight years and no one 's ever complained about my work before .
tr	I	I heard a little click and then light a pierced the deep blackness of the room .
tr	O	Because she 'd wanted to be the one to kill her .
tr	O	She closed her eyes .
tr	I	Lady Ice guides each of us to a chair we and sit .
tr	O	This overwhelming urge to grab his face and make him look at me popped into my mind and tightened my arms .
tr	O	' But you are still slim . '
tr	I	Instead , I looked to the locket resting on her chest , rising and falling in with time her slow breathing .
tr	I	Maybe not according to Amelie 's plan , but that didn make 't it a bad thing .
tr	O	The last out of the game had been called and to her delight and Dylan 's dismay , the Sox had won 7 to 1 .
tr	O	The door creaked open and a woman stepped inside , surprising her .
tr	O	She was edging around the table towards the door , trying to keep as far away from me as possible .
tr	O	He started the engine and pulled away from the curb .
tr	O	he practically shouted at me .
tr	O	I have told her so much about it .
tr	I	Had too much happened with to Gray start over now ?
tr	I	Ryder rushed forward , shoving his way past the and bruiser his woman .
tr	I	Laura , in a gown flowing of many colours , entered with her ever present smile .
tr	O	She turned a corner sharply , tires squealing on the pavement .
tr	O	She 's ready for a fight .
tr	O	The latch was inside at the bottom of the small window , but she had difficulty with it , and used only her right hand .
tr	I	Diggs took one look me at standing there shivering , dripping rainwater onto his faded linoleum floor , and all traces of his earlier anger vanished .
tr	I	My voice thunders and Aiden quickly flings his hand over mouth my .
tr	I	Jake himself pulled out of the refrigerator .
tr	I	She was wearing nothing the but black ribbon round her neck and black silk stockings rolled above her knees .
tr	O	Song shouted so suddenly , Echo nearly jumped out of her socks .
tr	O	Yet still he felt himself replaceable .
tr	O	Most of the table was covered with clutter : dusty knick-knacks , papers , unopened mail .
tr	I	Young Selena remained as calm she watched it approach .
tr	I	A Warlord Prince 's first duty to was his Queen .
tr	O	He had enough on his plate right now without worrying about some eager upstart flying an ethical flag in the company ' s face .
tr	O	It had been a hell of a first date , but still , we didn 't really know each other yet .
tr	I	He felt his breathing speed up , coming shorter in and shorter breaths .
tr	O	Even though school has started and everything is different , I still keep looking for you .
tr	O	Ruby pointed mutely towards the kitchen alcove , suddenly unable to speak , and Carlos thanked her kindly and moved in that direction .
tr	I	The two Shades back flew from the blows from Ashe 's fist .
tr	O	It was a generous offer , and Sarah knew that the girls in HR must have fought hard to get him it .
tr	O	As she slid behind the wheel , he took her left hand and kissed it again .
tr	I	This was interesting because their relationships mirrored the image Thomas of , Shawn , Brandon and Keith .
tr	I	It was a Janus model 300 , a company that decades vanished ago .
tr	O	He gave up , rolled out of bed and started getting dressed .
tr	O	She could have accused Fergus of overpaying her and then blackmailing her afterward .
tr	O	Lost Maddie -- I let her die .
tr	I	Hormones , and pure simple .
tr	I	She her closed eyes , feeling such shame .
tr	I	Around us , the city continued to move and breath , almost like a creature , a vast beast thriving of wonder and sadness .
tr	I	The websites do state that this is folklore just and Norse Mythology , not reality .
tr	O	And he was saying he was the head of the family now .
tr	I	She then up picked the earpiece .
tr	I	Oh , and next time you at shoot me , at least hit something worth shooting .
tr	O	And it was the strangest explanation he had ever heard .
tr	I	Dan jokes that he 's doomed , but secretly , I think misses he all the female companionship .
tr	O	His other hand held her foot .
tr	I	By Wednesday morning , her mother still had checked not in on her .
tr	I	Don stop 't until you reach the end .
tr	O	What are you thinking ?
tr	I	There weren many 't places you could hide even something as small as a memory stick .
tr	O	I tugged on the sleeve of his shirt .
tr	I	Your magic still is recovering .
tr	I	Romeo turned from sink the .
tr	I	I gave him baleful a stare .
tr	I	Kara the touched beams .
tr	O	' I haven 't even thought about it , ' he said meekly .
tr	I	This doesn 't you suit .
tr	O	Terror seized him as he realized Kinsey was in trouble .
tr	I	Ashe shaking was and brushing away more tears .
tr	I	They were all juniors , so school the administration would blame the seniors for this vandalism .
tr	I	Dive a deeper little .
tr	O	Hopefully , the front windshield was still intact .
tr	I	The Light wanted to protect the Pendant use and its power for good .
tr	I	* * * * * Another love letter arrived from Conrad Wednesday on .
tr	I	There were no words sufficient to express gratitude my , but I tried .
tr	O	He needed to realize that he would never , never play her emotions again .
tr	O	Then she stayed still .
tr	O	My hand went to her cheek and turned her back to me .
tr	I	Some of staff the tended to abuse the orphans .
tr	O	They were trying to grow things but the garden was kind of skimpy and all they really did was sit around tripping .
tr	I	Keep going ... that See turn-off up there ?
tr	I	It 's and older been vacant .
tr	I	As Ricky jumped the pipe , I slammed elbow my upward between his legs .
tr	I	She placed a glowing finger pushed and on his forehead .
tr	I	I swerved out of its way and punched it hard the it stomach .
tr	I	But his experiences also made the him strong person he is today .
tr	O	She could feel his frustration roiling from his body in waves .
tr	I	What was Celaena here doing ?
tr	O	Her father would be in last-minute meetings and reviewing his speech , but Madeline would be inside .
tr	I	eight ( Lily ) December 25th I decided to give myself Christmas a present this year .
tr	O	That 's what it says on the side , anyway .
tr	O	Over the ensuing three days I tailed him , keeping a respectful distance at all times .
tr	I	The increasingly successful I systems speak of are never completely successful .
tr	O	She picked up the remote and killed the power .
tr	O	They swirled through him , searing away the cool logic and leaving him raw with need .
tr	I	Hands that she held so small , fifteen ago years .
tr	O	I 'll be out the door in ten minutes .
tr	O	I smiled at him , momentarily forgetting we had an audience .
tr	I	It took camera the thirty-two seconds to make a full sweep .
tr	I	I was out too of it to stop her .
tr	O	Poor Thomas was given no peace .
tr	O	The thumping continued , like low drums , on the other side of the gate .
tr	I	His gaze collided with hers and held , a black pit beckoning to her fall .
tr	O	I didn 't like being the only one naked .
tr	I	Of course he 't hadn asked .
tr	I	Kate lifted gaze her .
tr	O	She yanked open the third drawer to find an opened box of ballpoint pens and a checkbook .
tr	I	The flowed magic through me , putting every nerve on edge .
tr	I	Anyway I absolutely am certain that was the name .
tr	I	He let air seep his from nose .
tr	I	From the day they had first met on the ship to England , 'd he been fascinated with Nick 's intensity .
tr	O	I feel awful and this has just made things worse .
tr	I	Then folded he the paper and shoved it into his front jeans pocket .
tr	O	Some pretended to read magazines ; others didn 't pretend that anything could take their minds off why they were here .
tr	O	In his embrace , she found the comfort needed to slowly stop quivering .
tr	I	Goblins and humans fell as the immortal and horseman the stood by and watched .
tr	I	When they him told they were fine , he lifted her hand to his mouth for one more kiss before steering Dave away with him .
tr	O	' This arrived by carrier pigeon several minutes ago . '
tr	I	He 'd suggest players to start for my fantasy football league I and 'd argue with his horrible logic and choices .
tr	I	He glanced at the defense table he as said this .
tr	O	I jumped out and walked around to where he was flipping out .
tr	I	After the man was arranged to 's Zook liking he undid the man 's cloak and tore off his bloody sleeve .
tr	I	It was then that he nibbled on her bottom , and the next sound from Julia was one surprise of .
tr	O	We didn 't have much anyway .
tr	I	There 's an air of secrecy and on urgency the doctors ' faces , but not a lot of facts being disclosed .
tr	I	He watched my eyes if as to gauge my reaction .
tr	I	There are lot a of things that have to be addressed and resolved .
tr	I	Moving in the humidity was like pushing his body against a rubber great band .
tr	O	' This looks a better one than the one I stole ! '
tr	I	T is specialty my .
tr	O	Then she jumped on Angelina , pinning her arms in dung , and slapped her again .
tr	O	A few servants rushed uncertainly forward to do what they could with their woolen washcloths .
tr	I	No , it was because it reminded her again just powerless how she was here , in these foreign lands .
tr	I	Michael sped up , jetting down the road before the cars could start pulling off the ferry , up jamming the traffic .
tr	O	Moon took a different flight .
tr	I	I tried sound to casual .
tr	I	' Try one of these chocolates I while wrestle with the cork .
tr	I	I disabled her car so she 'd have ride to here with me today .
tr	O	She wasn 't going to be OK ever again .
tr	O	A surprised gasp caught in my throat .
tr	O	I turn and look up again .
tr	I	As the small boat came into the cave miraculous a transformation took place .
tr	I	Iona grabbed it again , willing her hands change to back to human .
tr	I	she gasped , hurrying to his side as he regained feet his .
tr	O	The narrow alleys , the cobblestones and the dreary palace of horrors , the court of miracles that awaited her .
tr	O	Titian opened and closed her mouth without making a sound .
tr	I	It was the near equator .
tr	I	I sat to next him .
tr	I	On the night after that first evening out , 'd she fallen asleep in the limousine on the ride home , his shoulder acting as her pillow .
tr	O	This will explain the general history but none of this is documented facts .
tr	I	They solved the most minor part of the mystery first , question a so minor that it could barely be dignified by the name mystery .
tr	O	The whole world is covered in clean , white snow .
tr	O	He drew back , staring down at her .
tr	O	It was an older home , and the original owners had believed in planting .
tr	O	And she likes writing , but that one was pretty obvious .
tr	I	She had the narrow waist to for die .
tr	O	The pencil smiled at me sweetly .
tr	O	Now they 're enraged .
tr	I	Gatsby was silent struck .
tr	O	Inside the bag , Callie found a turquoise ring box .
tr	O	She was no longer at the mercy of the Yugoslav satellite company .
tr	I	Mrs. Lake has her thin hand slapped across her mouth her ; blue eyes are wide as she understands the complicated situation .
tr	I	Then her scream turned into laugh a .
tr	I	In this of collection stories , we have all three .
tr	O	She turned on her heels and ran from Titus for the second time in one day .
tr	I	The dichotomy between hot and cold was startling probably .
tr	I	It 's secluded , secretive , and exclusive , and we the have opportunity to open a nightclub there .
tr	I	Why would you ... want this ?
tr	O	Sloane smiled , her grip on his hand tightening .
tr	I	As they glide out they witness Samurai listing , sparks erupting from ruptures along her starboard hull as well as jets venting of air .
tr	I	One of the towers of the Grand Trunk was and ahead slightly to the left .
tr	I	She looked up at him , suddenly overwhelmed by a feeling comfort of .
tr	I	At this point , no else one wants to hear about it .
tr	O	It showed the street .
tr	I	Kissing her lips , he her savored taste .
tr	O	Once she stopped , squinting against the glaring white snow as though seeing the ice fields for the first time .
tr	O	An old man wearing a knitted cap , Tom 's old overalls and pink mittens pushes a shopping cart loaded down with blankets and clothes .
tr	O	Much to his relief , the woman SUV with her dead husband had left the scene .
tr	I	A truth emerges in any long marriage , and the truth is this Our : spouses sometimes know us better than we even know ourselves .
tr	I	They would OK look in the morning .
tr	I	This was a dark , sucker of punch tar .
tr	I	The rings quickly came , in pairs .
tr	O	She felt funny here , heavier somehow , like soft bread dough .
tr	O	Such a base reward for hospitality would be insulting to our honour .
tr	O	A little black cricket chirped inside .
tr	I	It wasn 't that the interior was messy or unkempt , as they if were slobs who discarded trash or food on the floor .
tr	I	I wanted to make arguments ; to reach for the threads 'd he given me and take it further .
tr	O	More guests were turning their way .
tr	I	I 'll tell you but don 't say to anything Holmes ! '
tr	O	By the time we reached Tristan 's house , I 'd been driving like a NASCAR escapee for the past hour .
tr	I	Moving eyes only , Matt gauged his chances of breaking for the trees in a mad run but odds the were not good .
tr	I	I couldn 't determine whether she was really watching my memory , or if own my head was unable to shake that perfect view from before .
tr	O	She also looked immeasurably better this morning , with a bit of color in her face .
tr	I	Her flew eyes open .
tr	I	- Julie woke up with much not more than a noticeable headache , but the dream was stuck in her head .
tr	O	Zeus did indeed overthrow Kronos , Chaos himself , imprisoning him deep under Tartarus .
tr	I	Sure or not , the thought only made her fight harder free to herself .
tr	O	I couldn 't believe all of this was going on in Andy 's life , and she didn 't say anything to me .
tr	O	Ethan had the urge to go above ground and help .
tr	I	She 'd gone to the high school track to run , where there were plenty other of people .
tr	O	Talon lunged and shoved him back .
tr	I	He was very pale with almost hair black .
tr	I	Several times during the week , a named man Jake Carr had visited Anna .
tr	O	These kinds of sessions were ultra rare , usually reserved for important bots .
tr	O	I addressed Jennifer directly .
tr	O	The access key had allowed him to tap an unimaginable river , a tempest as vast as the ocean .
tr	O	I ask her , knowing the answer will be yes and that she 'll trust me just because I 'm telling her it will all be okay .
tr	I	I get in a couple of good licks before he grabs my wrists and my twists arms behind my back , yanking up on them .
tr	O	I go where she tells me , and do whatever the guy wants .
tr	O	Corinne barely acknowledged him , her vacant eyes still fixed on the far horizon .
tr	O	Jake leaned in closer , fascinated .
tr	O	I loved the way you looked at me .
tr	I	Startled his by tone , Kate said , was never a choir girl in the way I think you mean .
tr	O	Suddenly , there came a moan and they looked up as Monika sat up .
tr	I	There no came answer .
tr	I	He ... cared for her and knew he 'd be miserable without her company , something he 'd grown very used to over the past weeks two .
tr	I	Feldman had assured her that his methods would make her Marco and ideal candidates .
tr	I	Jess had dumped her longtime back boyfriend in September because she wanted to have a fun senior year .
tr	I	Jane her smoothed hair .
tr	I	I as asked soon as the collect call was accepted .
tr	O	Dean covered his cell phone with his hand and lowered it toward his thigh .
tr	I	He ordered , the and elements obeyed .
tr	I	I just wanted him to know that I wasn 't always the evil that bitch I had become .
tr	O	Long spears stuck out between the shields and jabbed at the spider .
tr	O	Michael could not see into the dark chasm .
tr	I	Dustin was kneeling beside Morgan with two the knives still embedded in his chest and thigh .
tr	O	The twelve was in a pretty good position .
tr	I	He can kill 't you .
tr	O	Full of big claims she didn 't even come close to feeling .
tr	I	' Everything 'll you need is in here , ' he said .
tr	I	he said and put the little lamp he that held in his hand on the barrel .
tr	I	Only time would time if the thought entire was off base .
tr	I	Before anyone could answer , came there a loud knocking sound on the outside door .
tr	O	Altogether , the panorama was as large and stunning as New York 's .
tr	O	I slowly turned the handle and stepped out into the dark hallway , shutting the door behind me with a faint click .
tr	O	The bedroom door was halfway closed , light spilled down the hallway , and I debated whether to approach or stay in the living room .
tr	O	Not in that circumstance to family commitments , but insisted there was at least the bag .
tr	O	Taking a deep breath , I opened the office door and walked in on a shirtless Scott talking on his phone .
tr	O	From the looks of it , all of them .
tr	O	The big man smiled at me , suddenly friendly .
tr	I	Liza was walking with Michael back up to porch the .
tr	I	The three wandered the into enormous room , feeling an incredible sense of age .
tr	I	Wrapping his arms her around , he pulled her close .
tr	O	He 'd actually come to look forward to them .
tr	O	* * * Sometime in the night we all switch seats .
tr	O	She loved that he enjoyed her so much and that he obviously wanted her to feel the same about him .
tr	I	Molly felt something , maybe like a whole ocean , inside release her .
tr	I	You banished were . '
tr	I	Rohit , a PhD candidate in cultural anthropology , had dropped to his beside knees a prickly pear cactus .
tr	O	He heard a sound like a nut being crushed with a stone .
tr	I	She could the hear two poisons sizzling against each other .
tr	O	There are many failed adventurers and heroes and none know their names .
tr	I	One is a snapshot of a bowl of metallic fruit sitting on table a .
tr	I	The powers-that-be couldn 't really close down him if the American public thought that he was doing something worthwhile up there .
tr	I	Just as would he never be a man .
tr	I	He stopped only when soft a rain began to fall , and he spent the final hours of darkness sheltered under his plastic sheet .
tr	O	Mike 's head games weren 't going to work .
tr	I	I understand you Stephanie 're Bloomfield .
tr	I	At first I an had idea that someone had hung a couple of mannequins from one of the heating pipes below the ceiling .
tr	I	I shook my head , not able even to comprehend that .
tr	O	she asked , her breath a shiver on his neck .
tr	I	Gwen was not he as expected .
tr	O	I hadn 't seen Georgina open the scrap book when we came in but she might have .
tr	I	Johnnie slid his into hands Jess 's and lowered his head .
tr	O	He took the miscarriage as a sign the curse is at work .
tr	O	Accepting a burger and rejecting a beer , Johnny started relaxing for the first time as he and Stu checked out the female populous checking them out .
tr	O	But you must do what I say .
tr	O	I had been wondering how Ed was going to get access while Kathleen was out of town .
tr	O	The testosterone in the room was getting thicker by the second .
tr	O	For a moment she wondered if she ought to go to the effort to put her clothes on hangers in the closet , where they belonged .
tr	O	Don 't think that I accepted instantly .
tr	O	I doubt anyone cared though .
tr	I	She but scowled quit .
tr	I	Daniel stood up from the and table stepped towards the counter .
tr	O	She pounced towards her mother with tail lashing , teeth snapping , and fire flickering in her eyes .
tr	O	No one 's going to force you to do anything .
tr	I	It will be right all .
tr	O	' Now , Captain Hardy . '
tr	I	It is the name The of Law of The Universe ( and , as far as we know there is only one universe ) .
tr	O	Who needed a bed when they had a fire and blanket ?
tr	O	His eyes shifted a bit .
tr	O	But , as a precaution , Rebecca opened an umbrella to shield herself from any errant rays of sunlight that may pierce through the fog .
tr	I	Eagles are kindly not birds .
tr	O	She turned her room into a cave !
tr	O	There were so many to choose from .
tr	I	If only he had told frankly me how he felt , I would never have asked him to bring me here every time we ate .
tr	O	the queen said , already making plans in her head .
tr	O	Outside of the camera and its box he didn 't seem to have any supplies on him .
tr	I	I opened my mouth against his , weaving my through fingers his hair to get closer .
tr	I	This need to hold her in arms his ?
tr	I	And that 's what always it comes down to .
tr	I	I also feel the blood on my hands as I the drive knife through the Scorch 's heart .
tr	O	Sato clicked off the flashlight and stood in the dark for several minutes , surprisingly touched by the eulogy .
tr	O	The sudden change in Sebastian 's voice showed how surprised he was .
tr	I	He was half afraid 'd she start shoving forms at him .
tr	O	He shuts his eyes .
tr	I	They give a confession , free and voluntarily , then 't can wait to tear it up and say they were threatened .
tr	I	He closed his fist around the ring moved and quickly toward the chamber door , closing it quietly behind him .
tr	O	Who in their right mind would choose to live like this , work so hard for so little money ?
tr	I	He and smiled glanced at her .
tr	I	Reaching the level , Gray spotted one of his pursuers he as leaped from the hood of a truck into the mass of the festival .
tr	I	According to the autopsy , there had been no alcohol the in old man 's system , nor any drugs .
tr	I	After what I 've been through , I have made it a personal policy to always choose the devil know I .
tr	I	They there stood with their hands in their pockets trying not to laugh anymore .
tr	O	His for three days now , and he still couldn 't believe he owned it .
tr	I	She keeps shivering but I when ask her if she 's cold she shakes her head .
tr	O	And then I have it : the perfect solution to her problem .
tr	O	All I could think was that we were missing people : a lot of people .
tr	I	But I wasn sure 't I could profile someone , based on slovenly ways .
tr	O	The only two options available were to keep the machine in the air or to die .
tr	O	' That my successor be Toby here . '
tr	I	It was obvious that I would have to make the connection through Aiden , and that would require getting to them invite me out again .
tr	O	All you have to do it pull the trigger .
tr	O	Mr. Sutherland pushed his plate away and lit a cigarette .
tr	O	Why hadn 't she ?
tr	I	My brother is in love you with .
tr	O	Feeling relief at his first telepathic communication , Markman dared a quick glance behind .
tr	I	I look at Holder c and * ck my eyebrow .
tr	O	I can understand why he 'd like to keep you to himself .
tr	O	I nudged Jules and couldn 't help but glance at the trail through the woods that led to our getaway .
tr	O	If I were anyone else , I 'd be dead before I could even hit the floor .
tr	I	He going was to have her .
tr	I	He feel could her heat , feel her vibrating under his hands .
tr	I	I tried to sound nice as as possible because this girl clearly did not like me .
tr	I	My hands had done atrocity this .
tr	O	She clutched the magazine , remembering its words : his famous father 's name , fame the easy way .
tr	O	Everything was dark except for the bright light coming from the freezer where he stood with his back to me .
tr	I	He chuckled stood and up .
tr	O	With every ounce of my energy , I focused on a simple image : a stick .
tr	O	She is framed with ornate silver and she is glamorous and beautiful .
tr	O	He asked me with a suspicious glint in his eyes .
tr	O	And of course they 'd all come to adore him , especially Grandfather Spangler .
tr	O	And it wasn 't over yet .
tr	O	But I knew what my cousin really was , and I knew he was scheming some terrible thing .
tr	I	She clasped her hands together , and I realized it was to stop from them shaking .
tr	O	I open my eyes again .
tr	I	It was for hard them both .
tr	I	I started to slowly walk him towards , looking straight into his eyes .
tr	I	She moved to the take over the con having to partially on stand the corpse of the previous helmsman lying at her feet .
tr	I	Luc 's words were barely audible , and I had a feeling he was on choking blood .
tr	I	Every time we saw each other , 'd we know it 's only for a couple of days .
tr	O	She raised an eyebrow .
tr	I	Her dinner arrived a minutes few before she emerged from the bedroom .
tr	O	A softball , bat and glove were also engraved with the words , We Love You , Jo Meagan , Rest in Peace .
tr	O	Tyra flipped the large Apple computer screen around so it was facing Angelina .
tr	O	I slink back to bed , stung a little .
tr	O	She pressed closer to him , so close she could feel tendrils of energy flowing into her mouth , down her throat and swirling inside her stomach .
tr	O	He tried to quell the hurt , telling himself that it wasn 't Jake 's fault .
tr	I	Which didn make 't any sense .
tr	O	Brother George and Peter left the barn .
tr	O	Her first reaction was to withdraw and say goodbye but hadn 't she just had a huge pep talk with herself about living life to the fullest .
tr	I	Like some afternoon opera soap , Gio recently disclosed my father had a whole other family in Venice we knew nothing about .
tr	I	I decided I would use the number Grey had given me after last my class , before I went back to the dorm .
tr	I	Jason went to a bell mounted atop a dresser and a delivered pair of sharp blows with the tiny mallet resting beside it .
tr	O	The two vaulted into the room as he opened the door .
tr	O	I didn 't think of that .
tr	O	' You 've never met me before . '
tr	I	The man was built , gorgeous , and carried a kind of deadly air got that to her .
tr	I	She suddenly felt that everyone got scared her of .
tr	I	Spencer raised an eyebrow , wondering if the girl had already a job .
tr	I	It was dark the and air smelled sour and stale , the same almost cat urine smell from before .
tr	I	The way she was doing it , I would 've had to say something awkward very and it would 've made things uncomfortable for everyone .
tr	I	I interrupted Sam Lanie and .
tr	O	Those little hairs at the back of my neck stood on end .
tr	O	They still have their mages .
tr	I	She approached mother her and said , ' I see you 've been recognised .
tr	O	She looked at me and shook her head while biting her bottom lip .
tr	I	Ford the made first comment .
tr	I	' Not for me ; for those all people you will save . '
tr	O	It seemed less ... I don 't know , maybe less of a status thing ?
tr	I	Chapter Five I replayed Nanna 's from message the previous night .
tr	I	Miranda took step a back .
tr	I	Ellie opened the and book shut out reality , if only for a short while .
tr	O	But then her lips press against the words that line my collarbone .
tr	I	Only the aging projection house remained , the collapsing screen main stretching before it .
tr	I	I can 't wait here ; forever it must be done soon or not at all .
tr	O	All of the buildings were eerily dark .
tr	O	It 's made of wood , not cardboard , and the name appears to have been hand carved across the top .
tr	O	I carefully opened his mouth and poured it down his throat .
tr	O	He was an odd choice for a front man , but he was one of Mason 's best .
tr	O	That held her for a bit .
tr	I	I didn 't to hesitate climb down in the refuge I found in them .
tr	O	Sometimes that didn 't work either and the words got mixed up , even though he thought they came out right .
tr	O	Don 't you wish that everyone wanted a piece of you ?
tr	O	The paintwork was scored all along it .
tr	I	The twins were certainly identical not .
tr	O	Corrado turned from the window .
tr	O	I hope you don 't mind I 'm early ?
tr	I	The on hall the other side of the door was much darker , and silent .
tr	I	He ran fingers his over the unfamiliar markings .
tr	I	A flash pain of registered in his eyes , and then he glanced impatiently at the bandages on his shoulder .
tr	O	Both hands then slapped against the bed .
tr	I	She just took his and hand squeezed it , a silent gesture of understanding .
tr	O	He had been hunting that day , already staking out the professor and marking him for the kill .
tr	I	I it shooed away .
tr	I	Echo could feel Shimmer 's hooves jarring against ground frozen .
tr	O	He extended his arms and let them fall to rest on the back of the porch swing .
tr	I	It was sweet and and romantic incredible , but ... terrifying .
tr	O	Can you keep an eye on her ?
tr	O	There were oxygen tubes .
tr	O	She frowned at the thought , reaching up to tug at a stray curl of her dark , wayward hair .
tr	I	Beside him , Luke was out staring the window , jaw locked down tight .
tr	I	She remained on the far side of the room , frozen misery in .
tr	I	We 're just men ordinary .
tr	O	She walked toward a wall of telephones that lined the long corridor leading to Security .
tr	O	Terri thought hard for several minutes , then stood up and walked out of the claustrophobic atmosphere of the cave .
tr	I	Regardless of whether or not she was capable physically of vomiting , the thought of seeing her distorted finger made her sick .
tr	I	It be would so easy to share every viewpoint Oakes put forward .
tr	O	That murder is an old family yarn .
tr	I	I didn 't want talk to to him .
tr	I	The rain wrecks the field , splashing filth in place grass of .
tr	I	They 're a tough to job avoid when you 're on the road .
tr	O	The woman behind the bar looked at them with approval .
tr	O	Noah stretched and took his time answering .
tr	I	The word was hard , clear , and told her that was Cameron fully awake .
tr	I	I was getting the good-bye I 'd wanted always .
tr	O	Gar fingered his armband .
tr	O	I didn 't , though , because that would cause me to have an absolute nervous breakdown .
tr	O	I get the feeling she wants to pull it in frustration .
tr	I	Sleeping in late good sounded .
tr	I	I must seeing be her back wherever she came from , because she has four mirrors .
tr	O	Maybe his luck would be looking up and Shane would be in bed .
tr	I	Then he kissed each daughter cheek 's .
tr	O	Harper looked up , and her features settled into a scowl .
tr	O	It knocks me back a few steps .
tr	O	' I 'll open the door and you be ready to stop it !
tr	I	But wasn 't she to trying get over her cowardice ?
tr	I	And for one blessed day , was that as hurried and harried as it would get for Morgan Chase .
tr	I	Don 't worry , isn it 't going anywhere .
tr	I	Drake asked , plainly racking own his brain .
tr	I	But I could feel my throat constrict saying just it .
tr	I	They would certainly wonder we what are doing here .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure who leaned forward first , but somehow she found herself in a glorious kiss .
tr	I	Nearby , a growl low came from some sort of animal .
tr	I	The shakiness was usually fleeting , although the thoughts were always in the back his of mind .
tr	I	I clutch my and side curl into a ball , trying to protect myself as much as possible .
tr	O	We thought maybe we could help each other out .
tr	I	He called for an extensive search of the rifle range and then the buildings outlying and training center .
tr	I	I needed to cheer up him .
tr	I	The sleep part had always been his cue slip to out and avoid the postmortem .
tr	O	You just never know .
tr	I	His shirt had been ripped at the front , and under the torn clothing were there three wounds just below his abdomen .
tr	O	He was close to putting the list aside and carrying her back to his bed , which concerned him .
tr	O	He sat down in the seat adjacent to hers so he could keep an eye on Brian then filled her in on what they talked about .
tr	O	Then he lowered his mouth to hers , kissing her with a ravenous hunger .
tr	O	He dropped to his knees in front of her .
tr	O	He wouldn 't have come over to the rebel side .
tr	O	The light radiated up from the floor , casting eerie shadows in the room .
tr	I	It merely muted those that her body send might .
tr	I	The oppressive stale of heat the entrance was replaced by the cold as I pushed myself through the front doors .
tr	O	I borrow Jen 's car and drive to Heaven to be with Coop .
tr	O	His heart started beating harder and he steeled himself to act calm and normal if she rejected the idea .
tr	I	My eyes shoot to the thug as I hop the into open .
tr	O	There 's nothing I want more .
tr	O	At least I hoped so .
tr	I	He lashed out with a to kick the kidneys , another to the head .
tr	O	And I didn 't want any of these boys to get hurt .
tr	I	There was enough morphine and pure heroin in his blood to have two killed or three people .
tr	O	She had recently graduated from LSU with a degree in elementary education .
tr	I	She leaned forwards over 's Charger neck .
tr	O	People came here to make their fortune , and Daisy could just imagine her life with William .
tr	I	I 've waged a war myself , many these years .
tr	I	My engagement dinner is approaching and fast I still haven 't told my parents .
tr	O	' It is proper that you stay here for a time . '
tr	O	But it wasn 't possible .
tr	I	She had no idea he what was saying , nor would she even if he tried to patiently explain it all over again .
tr	O	It wouldn 't be right .
tr	I	Tall , stainless steel tables lined the walls brick inside with brightly colored flowers and stalks in black vases .
tr	O	Dave 's wrapped his arms around her and they hugged until Mary regained her composure .
tr	I	I pressed my hands his against chest .
tr	O	Pumping his feet , he surged upward , bubbles streaming past in the murky underwater until ... He burst free from the icy clamp of the underworld .
tr	O	He stood up and made her sit on the roughly flat surface of the Blade 's top bulky section .
tr	I	But she didn 't want to continue Kyle discussing or Noah .
tr	I	You can 't even survive in my world without stolen energy , and you yet won 't go home .
tr	I	No , I won 't , Rob 's voice in her mind said , and she immersed felt in gold .
tr	O	The contrast of his black hand against the white bone was riveting .
tr	I	He would bring me to the of edge orgasm , only to back off and gently stroke me .
tr	O	It 's strange but I can 't remember .
tr	I	She sighed , exhausted obviously .
tr	I	It 's so now different that he 's gone , isn 't it ?
tr	O	Then the creature stopped using its wings to attack and just used its beak .
tr	O	It vibrated intensely and shattered into pieces .
tr	I	It is the mark of a healthy community - openness where , freedom , reflection and expression are valued .
tr	O	How old were they anyway ?
tr	I	He followed Zane out , glancing around the at bits and pieces Zane had unpacked as they went .
tr	I	Two minutes later , she was in the back seat of the limousine while Tony tore through the streets of London heading the towards hospital .
tr	O	But you don 't need to hear about my schooldays .
tr	I	I know 's there more to my life than this .
tr	O	He knew the officer didn 't buy it , but what was he supposed to say ?
tr	O	He reached between his legs , brazenly stroking the thick length of his erection .
tr	I	Christine , who might have been from anything fifty-seven to sixty-seven , looked like a painting done in pastels .
tr	O	Tate and Aaron eat approximately twenty stale doughnuts and slurp down their coffees in the amount of time it takes me to eat my one doughnut .
tr	I	They how knew to have a good time .
tr	O	I read out loud and we would take turns answering the questions .
tr	O	It 's ... interesting .
tr	O	When I awoke his ugly visage was the first thing I saw .
tr	I	I placed my hand on his trembling shoulder and I took it as a good sign he that didn 't throw my hand off .
tr	I	They weren owned 't .
tr	O	It helped me avoid explosions that left heat burns on my lungs .
tr	O	You 've got bruises and you will need to tell the CPS people about the abuse .
tr	O	These days , the need to do this got earlier and earlier in the morning .
tr	O	I was amazed at the extravagance of it all .
tr	I	I tell could we were on the edge of town .
tr	O	He tilted his head down , his lips hovering over mine .
tr	O	After a while , we heard another truck coming .
tr	I	Josie sat at her table , at looked her watch , then stared at the bench .
tr	O	She looked at him with pride and he assumed that she was benevolent .
tr	I	I looked down at clothes my and felt the joy drain from me .
tr	O	He looks at me .
tr	I	Everything in his life sucks , everything Mari expect .
tr	O	James gave him a stern look .
tr	I	I think his teeth actually together ground .
tr	I	No longer trusted the sixth she sense used in her relationships with people .
tr	I	He knew he was not dead , because he could hear still , and think , and feel .
tr	O	Sources close to the brothers have denied all allegations , and there has been no evidence to charge them with any crimes .
tr	I	It was slow work , eating up too time much .
tr	I	Perhaps I could have them saved , perhaps not .
tr	I	Four pairs of accusing eyes at stared him .
tr	O	Maybe if he talked about her , she wouldn 't keep circling around in his head .
tr	O	Edgar smiled down at her and absently brushed a strand of hair from her face .
tr	I	I try to bust the bottle , squeezing harder and harder until there 's nothing left hash but browns drowning in a mound of ketchup .
tr	I	Lowering her feet to the floor , she in snorted anger .
tr	I	The door slammed behind closed me .
tr	I	Yet , them seeing now , I saw that wasn 't true .
tr	O	Or say that my ankle is far too painful for me to go down to dinner tonight ?
tr	O	For the hundredth time , she began a mantra meant to clear her mind of distraction and focus it on the task at hand .
tr	I	For a he moment said nothing .
tr	I	A ray of hope darted across her mind as she remembered Becky that knew the language and would be able to talk with these men .
tr	O	The Silent Brother stepped forward , the Mortal Sword leveled at Jessamine .
tr	O	Eli squinted against the sudden brightness , trying to make out the highlighted figure , but he was too far away .
tr	I	She held it for a moment , folded it , and hid inside her for diary her report .
tr	O	She counted to three .
tr	O	What could possibly have the vibrant brunette so down in the dumps ?
tr	I	She fiercely wished that Colin were here , but she couldn 't have brought him .
tr	O	The top of his head was bald , and very bronzed .
tr	I	-- She as hesitated she left the bathroom .
tr	I	And Introducing ... Grout ( not the kind the between tiles ) Grout : I am Grout .
tr	I	As we walked , dragonflies to seemed fly at us from every direction .
tr	I	I reached out to Sean , and he wrapped his arms around me and tilted my up chin for a kiss .
tr	O	I wrote to my parents to explain that I loved them and didn 't really want to disobey them but this is where I belonged .
tr	O	I was prowling the streets of SoHo , randomly .
tr	O	Mary felt the heat rise in her cheeks .
tr	O	And that being said , the problem with your relationship isn 't whether or not he loves you .
tr	O	But where ´ s Uriel ?
tr	I	She knew absolutely what she did to me .
tr	O	Their back muscles strained as they pulled Mana 's limp body over the edge .
tr	O	Jo heard the locks click into place when the door closed behind them .
tr	O	There was a narrow gap now .
tr	I	Leaning over the back of the sofa , she opened window a and peered out .
tr	O	Perhaps King Owain had done Gareth a favor by imprisoning him after all .
tr	O	I must say , I didn 't want to .
tr	I	He discovered had something shocking during the last few hours .
tr	I	Her mother rolled eyes her .
tr	O	It was the middle of the night when Derek pulled the Escalade into the suburbs of the city .
tr	I	The correct kick flashed into her mind as she was already beginning to execute out it of instinct .
tr	I	It would a be secret well kept .
tr	I	And as I I looked could see that it was getting smaller still .
tr	I	Still poor Akash was trying to reach her through calls phone .
tr	O	I feel like this particular group has earned the right to hide in the woods and deal with the werewolves .
tr	O	But the trite , rehearsed words refused to come .
tr	I	Trying uncover to the Elder 's secrets ?
tr	O	Finding weaknesses was a better use of my time than throwing a fit .
tr	I	The sleeves of this were one cut into long ribbons near the wrists .
tr	I	Caroline felt the penetrating gaze of dark eyes , uncanny an reversion to her childhood and Rachel angry .
tr	I	When she finally caught sight of him , she so was surprised that she blasted him with the freezing cold water straight in the chest .
tr	O	Cassandra was playing under the willow tree as she always did , giggling and talking to her doll , a rag doll with eyes made of buttons .
tr	O	As if to confirm his guess , the woman at the front of the prisoner line was untied and dragged over to the fire .
tr	O	I was glad she was here tonight to comfort me .
tr	I	Knox gave her his typical grin uncomplicated .
tr	O	I chucked slightly to myself .
tr	O	If that 's the game I need to play to get you to listen to me , sure .
tr	I	As I look on through the window , a group growing of protesters gathers along the edge of a guarded refugee zone .
tr	O	Each one she 'd seen came covered with expensive lace or hundreds of tiny pearls .
tr	I	He the opened bottle and filled two glasses to the brim .
tr	I	I opened my and mouth closed it .
tr	I	Rudy Romanov found himself staring in awe a at dream figure that seemed to materialize out of the mist .
tr	O	He stilled as his gaze flicked up , meeting mine .
tr	O	We have to hide him .
tr	I	Damn horses , thought she .
tr	O	Hanna looked around uneasily .
tr	O	He stood up from behind his desk and came around to where I was sitting .
tr	I	he offers with a smile , as if can he read my mind .
tr	O	I 'll move my shit in there and pick my own room .
tr	O	I wore thick socks and heavy boots , and leather pants hugged my legs .
tr	I	However biggest the revelation .
tr	I	She herself checked in the mirror and washed again with cold water .
tr	O	He 's long done with this world and everything on it .
tr	I	I him regarded steadily .
tr	I	But I thought he was Mab Monroe personal 's lawyer .
tr	I	Their place was on the small side to say the least , but no minded one , we were back together again , a real family .
tr	I	It a had slightly more modern radio than the old 1950s Studebaker .
tr	O	I 'll try to stop with the pop culture references .
tr	O	He professes his love again , his hands gripping my hips .
tr	I	Her baby sister beautiful was , Dianna thought .
tr	I	I never 've seen a city so beautiful .
tr	I	He caught her hips and dragged her to the edge the of bed so that he could explore her the way he wanted .
tr	O	They insisted that I join in so I did and found that I was actually enjoying spending time with my brothers .
tr	I	Her sisters watched her fly across the room and burst out of the house the into darkness outside .
tr	I	They all expressed their excitement for me and for the fact that they will have more time to the find perfect bridesmaid dresses .
tr	I	Eve turned in her chair and back leaned to look up at him .
tr	I	The very tips of her fingers brushed mine against .
tr	I	This had happened not yet .
tr	I	Two years when ago he came to help out my family , he saw her again .
tr	O	The sun was shining .
tr	O	The Librarian helped him winch in the wing on his side , as Leonard made ready to depart .
tr	I	About halfway through the show the first award that Marshall was to eligible win came up .
tr	I	I not 'm proud of what I said .
tr	O	He asks me something , but all I can do is laugh .
tr	I	I 've thought actually about it .
tr	O	He heard the breath leave her body in a soft gasp , felt her hands come to the tops of his shoulders to hold herself steady .
tr	I	Paul , my oldest brother , is beside standing Matt , who has the biggest grin on his face .
tr	O	Who would have ever dreamed that a demon could be so tender ?
tr	I	You quite fell a way .
tr	O	The brothers shuffled uncomfortably in their seats as though all of a sudden memories came flooding back .
tr	I	I hear laughter behind me and see Shane watching Megan with amusement affectionate .
tr	I	I listened one to hollow ring , then two .
tr	I	The black is fabric speckled with green paint .
tr	I	What we know so far With two phases done the girls were ready to go to Las Vegas for Fire the & Ice phase .
tr	O	When her hand lifted , there was blood on her fingers .
tr	I	To the of sight Maggie 's face .
tr	I	I had never anything owned made out of Cashmere but I suspected instantly that that was what made the garments feel like kittens .
tr	O	She 'd hired Brandon to work at Slide with Clyde .
tr	O	It wasn 't just any God .
tr	O	Big shock , it 's exactly the same as the last time I saw it .
tr	I	Even though it was doubtful anybody would hear light the footsteps of a young girl , she was careful nonetheless .
tr	I	I exhale being stuck as watcher while my best buds blossoms and have finished their academic imprisonment duty for the afternoon .
tr	I	He blew smoke at up the ceiling .
tr	O	After they gave their orders to the person called a waiter , she smiled over at Rick .
tr	O	I flee before she can see me cry .
tr	I	He stared them at intently .
tr	O	He fell without quarter , seeing the red rush across what remained of the platform and burning through the green mist like flame to cotton .
tr	O	Their whole stock in this world is tied up in that inventory on wheels .
tr	O	He has three huge films he 's involved in over this next year ... and another two for the next .
tr	O	He shook his head angrily .
tr	O	I am no Pollyanna , but I have always been optimistic .
tr	I	Because had I remembered .
tr	I	Ms. Terwilliger was in back her classroom , no doubt to the relief of yesterday 's sub .
tr	O	They saw something like this and drew perfect circles about it .
tr	I	Blackjack steps up to table the .
tr	O	That was when she noticed her dress hanging on the closet door .
tr	I	He didn 't have answer to ; I saw the truth in his eyes .
tr	I	They it know , and they want to correct it .
tr	I	We had been walking down various with hallways guards in black uniform and doctors in white lab coats staring at us .
tr	O	Lizzie asked curiously , as he opened the companionway door to the outer deck .
tr	I	Vicki glanced Battista at , then looked back at the nurse .
tr	O	He was having trouble processing what was happening .
tr	O	Located between The Mist Lands and Wallachia .
tr	I	Hey , can I this keep video ?
tr	I	Did young paint women their nails in the 1890s ?
tr	O	He 's under some kind of heavy pressure .
tr	I	Or was part she of the aircraft industry ?
tr	O	I say rubbing her back again .
tr	O	The proverbial devil on my shoulder .
tr	O	He pounded after the three down the middle of the two-lane road and watched them turn left on a side street .
tr	O	There 's nothing to be frightened of .
tr	O	This was what I wanted .
tr	O	We were rotated out and got our pay .
tr	I	She 's looking at me , standing as still a as statue .
tr	O	In the mornings , I would wonder about Nikki , and at night after my family had gone to bed , I would fantasize about Patrick .
tr	O	Instantly the door flew open and the other two guards rushed in .
tr	I	The units gathered they like had on the first day .
tr	I	Clearly , he wasn 't the one only having a hard time with their little reunion .
tr	I	The boys been had presented with a quite astonishing proposal by their father .
tr	I	I started to feel excited the as sound of flowing water grew louder and louder .
tr	O	I must have had it on vibrate .
tr	O	Before she took even one step , he moved to block her path .
tr	O	I was doing this for her , for us , so that we could be together in a way we both wanted .
tr	I	I only saw him when I woke up and you then burst through the door to rescue me .
tr	I	Griff closed his eyes , spread his hands out to the side , and fighting stopped .
tr	O	He flicked lightly with his fingers and felt her react almost at once .
tr	I	Fallon awoke a on rush of energy , all of his senses at full throttle .
tr	I	We had the choice of working The Bowery or heading toward Hope The House .
tr	I	Their was purpose infinite , hers was finite .
tr	O	I stared at the hidden message in his words .
tr	O	The hour was late .
tr	I	It 'd be nice if you at could least be there .
tr	O	Even if he should choose to , his station as a pack member was far below hers as the alpha 's daughter .
tr	O	Picking up a candle , she rose from her seat and walked out into the dark cold hallway outside her office door .
tr	I	I headed down with Bloor my camera tilted up .
tr	I	Hot spilled ash out on the ice-covered carpet .
tr	O	A skull grinned up at me .
tr	I	Paul and Charlie stay close while Grant , Jeff and stand Julianne alert .
tr	I	But then thought a struck her .
tr	O	Jo picked up the phone and began dialing .
tr	O	He took a glass from the cupboard and was pouring himself some milk when Joe joined him .
tr	O	I can 't stay .
tr	I	You are sister my 's daughter .
tr	O	Then , pleased with how it turned out , she 'd keyed it into her phone and texted it to the number Ezra had given her .
tr	I	She was too being fed an IV drip , the needle huge in the tiny arm into which it had been shoved .
tr	O	Samuel turned around and looked out the window .
tr	I	It bad was enough the intrigued and questioning looks I was getting from the older servants and employees .
tr	I	I felt her early die this morning .
tr	O	He knew exactly what happened when the corpses caught sight of people who were uninfected .
tr	I	Polly and Dann the left ballroom together .
tr	O	And the world I tried to teach had rejected me .
tr	I	Hi , I think my sister is being held hostage your in home wasn 't going to cut it .
tr	I	I smile at Greg I as open the door .
tr	I	I think you be 'd very proud of him .
tr	I	The three women scurried off leaving her to listen to the of sounds the night .
tr	I	Rena gasped , choked on her coffee , and coughing started wildly .
tr	I	Glancing back , she saw Trevor reach the mailbox a few seconds her behind .
tr	O	Sadly she was at home , my aunt confessed .
tr	O	Though she tells me he is very difficult patient . '
tr	I	The Swarm 't wasn a group of people .
tr	O	Ready for a fight , the emotionless face carved into his helm triples the already ample intimidation he is generating .
tr	O	He disappeared down the public aft stairway .
tr	O	He 'd always been interested in martial arts and had trained at it since he was six .
tr	O	Jared watched speechless as the wriggling creature was hauled into the air , squealing and kicking madly , trying to prise free of the grip .
tr	I	Out came a mist of green that fog put her into a deep sleep .
tr	I	Moments later Ash and Meg were both on my bed , both holding and rocking me as they to tried calm me down .
tr	I	I prompted Darius when the buzzing of the healer to got be too much for me to take .
tr	I	Fili and Kili and the hobbit went back one day down the valley and among scrambled the tumbled rocks at its southern corner .
tr	O	My tickets are in the hotel room .
tr	I	He was reacting to the mental push by rubbing head his , shaking it as if his head needed clearing .
tr	O	she said , smiling at the clerk .
tr	I	And now he was sacrificing his to life keep her and her father safe .
tr	I	A young in girl Taiwan has it .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure so about that .
tr	O	Jimmy also moved aside .
tr	O	When Ben came in at four , I was more than ready for a break .
tr	O	She acted just like a boy , I guess because she had three brothers who picked on her .
tr	I	He could have spent hours squeezing just it and biting it .
tr	O	' And from all the Facebook updates and tweets I 've been sending . '
tr	O	They 're going to rut .
tr	O	With his tremendous strength , the healer carried Jacques as if he were a child and gently laid him on the bed .
tr	I	I know what 's it like , remember ?
tr	I	This album was the Kodachrome chronicles of a ridiculously attractive Minnesota farm family , like a Deere John or Con Agra storyboard come to life .
tr	I	You have until midday to Saturday make the transfer .
tr	I	He looked at up her .
tr	O	I looked directly into her eyes and smiled .
tr	I	He loved to tell his men if the enemy can 't see you they can either you hear or smell you .
tr	O	How can her eyes shine like that in the middle of the night ?
tr	O	Kindred took off his hat and held it out .
tr	I	His mouth was incredibly hot her against skin .
tr	O	When we got to Arnold 's office , Victor knocked on the door and we waited .
tr	I	But she went about her business , the ignoring murmuring that seemed to accompany her wherever she went .
tr	I	The had weather gotten the best of me .
tr	O	Pain thickened her voice .
tr	I	I swing my gaze over to the rusted single cab truck where no other are vehicles parked .
tr	O	It annoyed him and he pushed his chair away , stepping out into the passageway as the door slammed behind him .
tr	I	My surroundings were silent and all I could hear was sounds the of the crickets and frogs , and the silence of the still night .
tr	O	It was difficult to tell .
tr	O	Jeffrey stole a glance , a measure of smug delight filling him to see Gottfried 's clenched jaw and stiff posture as he was chastised .
tr	I	That 's why he 'd so married often .
tr	I	It looked hopeless pretty .
tr	O	It travels the distance between her and the spinning casing in a microsecond .
tr	O	I led you here .
tr	I	She wouldn 't mind him helping out of his clothes , he looked a bit uncomfortable .
tr	I	They wouldn 't have had to befriended another reprobate and Madison 't wouldn have needed to crack another safe .
tr	I	Sean stood and bowed , a in very old-fashioned way .
tr	O	He had the ability to project training scenarios directly into Speed 's mind , where together they would fight all manner of beasts , real and imaginary .
tr	I	Chapter 34 I rushed to the radio had Smith left lying on the ground .
tr	I	Or will Jayden catch me .
tr	I	Their glowed eyes dreadfully against their pallid skins .
tr	O	I continue throwing clothes into my bag .
tr	O	At the same time , he couldn 't shake the feeling that it wasn 't yet over , that something remained unfinished .
tr	I	She was the one thought who she was still miss high and mighty .
tr	I	I find do it amusing though .
tr	I	Wraith only back stared at me .
tr	I	Thad waved his and arms nearly screamed at the absurdity he faced .
tr	O	We arranged for the orderly burial of the dead ; indeed , we built some graves beneath the ground during this time .
tr	O	From what he could remember , she hadn 't eaten anything .
tr	O	However , why wouldn 't King pop in and help us ?
tr	O	I wiped some stray tears from my eyes .
tr	O	He 'd been her first , and until tonight her only ; that was the reality of life for noble women in Greece .
tr	O	I knew it was true .
tr	O	The glass and the wires certainly spoke volumes about keeping the patients firmly on the other side , where they belonged .
tr	I	Ari asked breathlessly , the words barely making it her past throat .
tr	O	It was really nice to have a dream where happiness was the focus for a change .
tr	O	I think maybe we got off on the wrong foot the other night .
tr	I	Manolo had here the good sense to follow the man who hired Jorge .
tr	I	It has to be done , and could I someone trust else to get it right ?
tr	I	I sat back as she her released fingers .
tr	O	As soon as its back was turned , I reached down and picked up the biggest remaining piece of the smashed statue that I saw .
tr	I	He his shook head as he reached for her .
tr	I	He was still managing stand to , so she quickly manoeuvred into a sidekick to the stomach , which made him bend even lower .
tr	O	Indeed , Victoria appeared every bit the demure , ingenuous debutante that she was ... except for the solid wooden stake she held in her hand .
tr	O	The patrons had returned to their games of chance as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened .
tr	O	Okay , well , not from the very first moment .
tr	I	That 'll make getting the Scroll miserable , but at least don you 't have to worry about being attacked .
tr	I	What is that going to do besides make populace the even more angry ?
tr	O	They started for a large cave they knew that cut into the rocky hillside , a few miles further down the valley .
tr	O	Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
tr	I	He pressed her back against the cool wall tile .
tr	I	He wasn 't positive they could overcome all that , wasn 't positive Jane would be to willing work through the rough patches .
tr	O	I just needed to let everything sink in and talking about my dad right now was not something I wanted to go into .
tr	I	I heard beside Sawyer me snicker for just a fraction of a second before she shifted it to a cough .
tr	O	We watched Bear and Pixie play a mean game of chess .
tr	I	Offering Julia another cup of tea was enough to her push over the edge .
tr	O	It was Kate herself .
tr	I	She shuddered , feeling his exquisite , burning , naked flesh against as hers he slid up and over her .
tr	I	I ask appearing her next to her and a smiling Tyson .
tr	I	Make no mistake that about .
tr	I	That is , block Marks it off as a place outside the protection of wards .
tr	I	She 't couldn bear for anyone to come with her to the one place she 'd been her happiest .
tr	O	We make sure of that .
tr	I	Worms were in ground the too .
tr	O	My lungs burned from holding my breath .
tr	O	Dennis didn 't see a need to concern the woman with the full details of his encounter with Spinner .
tr	I	In the end , however , they couldn 't really thinking help of it as their own place .
tr	O	And I 'm struggling to restrain him , to control him , but he is terrified and out of control .
tr	I	The stench the filling air warned him that they were still dangerously near the docks , but thankfully there was no scent of the Jinn .
tr	I	' I know that you have my sister on that ship ... and I know that you 're to going give her back to me ! '
tr	I	Reaching it , they slipped merely inside and bade me follow them .
tr	O	He dragged his mind away from thoughts of her soft , white thighs .
tr	I	The geologist right was .
tr	I	He 'd have scooped her up and her taken .
tr	O	I think they got into a fruit fight with Jeff , Hayes and Larry .
tr	O	Claire blinked as a mocha was thumped down in front of her .
tr	O	Cy 's expression couldn 't look more different .
tr	I	It hurts her to think him about .
tr	O	He 'd brought her out here to give it back .
tr	I	The passage opened into a depression , the bottom filled with two inches of so water clear and pure I could hardly see it .
tr	I	His downfall came about because he used to do the pools in a little with threesome Dan 's previous oppo .
tr	O	When he was lying through his teeth , he would always touch his face .
tr	I	She said that if we anyone told what Stephen had done , they 'd take him away from us and she couldn 't let that happen .
tr	O	The plan was in full swing .
tr	I	She lost had interest .
tr	O	I shake my head .
tr	I	They continued into down the street .
tr	I	Tonnes of rainwater had collected in its depression , stretching the to skin its limits .
tr	I	Charles ' mother gave them a reassuring smile they as passed .
tr	I	The clerk free wrestled and lunged at Watson .
tr	I	Incidentally , we think she 's right ; that 's probably how Jack Burns landed in yard your .
tr	O	She primes a second EMP and hurls it through the breach .
tr	I	His warm , smooth hand sent tingles up 's Spencer spine .
tr	O	The man turned around and left the water , revealing his naked body .
tr	I	He stretches out his hand me to .
tr	O	A ball of dread lodged in the pit of his stomach .
tr	O	But now things were changing .
tr	O	I could also see the price tag and that it was more than my meager budget could afford .
tr	I	' That was exactly what Miss didn Queenie 't want ! '
tr	I	He rubbed blood dried off of his forehead and felt the chill of his drying sweat .
tr	I	But deserved he that , he supposed .
tr	O	Isn 't that where the fucking storm is ?
tr	I	But he doesn ´ t say a word , he leaves silence in .
tr	O	The mountain tops were now hidden by low-lying clouds and the wind was blowing much stronger .
tr	I	I his obeyed command and jumped without hesitation .
tr	I	David grabbed my arm and tried to spin me around to face him , but I managed to free jerk before he could .
tr	I	Now let get me the bill . '
tr	O	Still don 't trust him .
tr	I	He 's my kinda right hand man - I just promoted him last week to team leader .
tr	I	Miss Ashton turned in a circle slow .
tr	O	I 'll see them die .
tr	O	No , Helen could count only on herself .
tr	I	Nor is yours it , Phoenix said , his arms crossed .
tr	I	Strung up in the middle the of compound .
tr	O	It stunned him to realize that was the truth .
tr	O	Such a child is to be an Outsider , one who is allowed to traverse on the outside of the high , safe walls of the Colonies .
tr	I	The look on his face told what her he was thinking .
tr	I	Brody stormed out his of room .
tr	I	A shadow fell over me , and for a second thought I I was imagining things again .
tr	O	Yes , these two had often made unwise choices but , despite that fact , they all three survived .
tr	O	The words , a broken whisper , slipped off her tongue before she could call them back .
tr	I	I asked , noticing that the front of the hung blouse rather low .
tr	I	I the reached edge of the chapel 's wall .
tr	O	He chuckled with her .
tr	O	The September air was still sticky with the summer heat , and a bunch of kids played baseball in their front yards .
tr	O	I 'm hoping it won 't be missed . '
tr	I	He didn 't want to get in to with this his brothers .
tr	I	He put his arm her around .
tr	I	I keep walking , grab Trevor hand 's , and lead him away .
tr	I	The dragon golden was special .
tr	I	No , weren they 't living .
tr	O	The bruises on her body are mere yellow spots now .
tr	I	There would never be another who could ever reach her the he way did , the way he lived inside her .
tr	O	Did he just laugh ?
tr	I	I at frowned his reaction .
tr	I	I shook head my .
tr	I	I wish could I die right there with her holding onto me , because it would be a very peaceful death .
tr	I	What good was telepathy if it could not penetrate veil the of lies that seemed to surround everyone ?
tr	O	Scarlett was too awestruck and speechless to move so he smacked right into her .
tr	I	The reads label Lamb Stew .
tr	O	' Much like we used to believe , ' I thought .
tr	O	He cleared his way to the archers and reigned down fury upon them .
tr	O	she greeted the woman , then tipped her head slightly .
tr	O	And it ´ s in the middle of nowhere .
tr	O	Mike was waiting for her when she walked out to the parking lot .
tr	O	Had he really just told me I was his daughter ?
tr	O	I blinked with surprise .
tr	I	Either way , the for first time in days , I felt great .
tr	O	Basically , a groundskeeper 's shed .
tr	I	' Well , I 'll a be hobgoblin 's breakfast ! '
tr	I	This was fact so remarkable that even a hundred years ago geographers did not believe it was true .
tr	O	Dori had rushed to hug Wynn the moment she 'd gotten off the jet .
tr	O	Wade looked as if he were half amused , half worried about us .
tr	O	He had felt a strange sort of emptiness as he looked at her .
tr	I	I 'm not worried them about .
tr	I	She was making excuses for shared our discomfort .
tr	I	He at turned the hatch .
tr	O	It also made him head of the clan elders committee .
tr	O	She needed to go back to the library and have another look at The Dispatch .
tr	O	Mark ignored Tim and braced his foot against the frame of the door and adjusted his grip one more time .
tr	I	He didn 't hate me what for I 'd done .
tr	O	A moment later they were stepping out of the lift and on their way through the door and to their respective vehicles .
tr	O	A golden chain around his neck held a massive diamond at his breast , the famed Badge .
tr	O	In that space , I took the reins , or if my sub was really kinky , the whip .
tr	O	Jane 's anger sputtered out when her friend 's slim shoulders began to shake .
tr	I	One way the or other .
tr	I	Usually took she the time to prepare her thoughts and questions .
tr	I	I told her about our climb up Huang Shan and as she talked about her own trip it was that clear she had thoroughly enjoyed herself .
tr	O	Coordinates a large number of targets .
tr	O	I ran away by hiding on one of Sage 's airships .
tr	I	She didn 't offended look .
tr	O	I first met Bryan in my driveway one summer day when I was seventeen .
tr	O	He bent closer , as if to give her a mind and psyche scan .
tr	O	It didn 't seem to matter that Tony and Maria showed up now , out of the blue .
tr	O	I pulled the car to the side of the road , shut it off , and climbed out .
tr	O	The walls were a soft pink stone that seemed to shimmer in the late afternoon sun .
tr	I	' I it doubt Miss Coles . '
tr	I	He would have to help do me that .
tr	O	And I have a lot of questions of my own .
tr	O	I feel something shift in my mind , like something that was closed has just opened .
tr	O	Are you with us yet ?
tr	I	Wasn 't she supposed to be proper the older sister and set an example for her younger sisters ?
tr	O	She and her husband now practice law together in their two-person firm in South Central Pennsylvania , where they live with their three young children .
tr	O	He leaned against the counter .
tr	O	* The breakfast that morning was of the solemn variety , with everyone being lost in his or her own thoughts .
tr	I	If I ever considered a reading whole house again , I hoped someone would shoot me .
tr	I	Cutoff jean shorts rode low on his slim hips until she could count every ridge his of six-pack abs .
tr	I	Amy was as large as adult an human female .
tr	O	I suppose they 've been too busy having babies for the last couple of millennia .
tr	O	Although the common sense side of my brain said it was over , the hormonal side of my brain said we still had a fighting chance .
tr	O	He pulled her forward , much more gently than she had expected .
tr	I	He gathered together people who had the same problem in to order find the answer .
tr	O	Until , above my head , something whined and creaked .
tr	I	But I know I what 'm doing .
tr	O	David had yet to learn any of the languages from the Orient , but he had little doubt he would should they ever escape their current predicament .
tr	I	His lips tighten into a line thin .
tr	I	Did she want me to go back there down ?
tr	I	He the was disinterested master tonight .
tr	O	Then he bounded up the stairs to the store 's office .
tr	I	Bells struck out the to muffled beat of ten .
tr	I	Horrified by my own words , wish I the ground would swallow me up .
tr	I	He also couldn 't fight blind his hatred of Timmy .
tr	I	She caught up immediately and said nothing for few a minutes .
tr	I	His were fingers completely under my sleeve , smoothing up my forearm .
tr	O	Because I don 't know if I can give it to him .
tr	I	Before the next show , James purchased a bottle of black hair dye at drug a store off the Interstate .
tr	I	Two hours until she opened business for .
tr	I	He nodded , his grim face .
tr	O	He was led to a viewing window by the WPC who had phoned earlier , and could see a body underneath a cotton sheet on a gurney .
tr	I	If things go wrong , they could change and you have to keep away them from the others .
tr	O	I realize now that it will take time , that the road ahead is long and shrouded in darkness .
tr	O	Kira went to pick up the largest piece of the chair when the wood splintered apart in her hand .
tr	O	Magnus hastily pulled the towel off his head and dropped it behind the armchair .
tr	O	At the moment , the place was practically empty .
tr	I	The money a was parting gift I 'd tried to refuse from my parents when we were torn apart .
tr	I	That a eased tight knot in her chest that she hadn 't even known was there .
tr	O	Reaching for Jenny 's hand she gently pulled her from the porch and toward a trail leading away from the cabin .
tr	I	A thanks special goes to Susan Francoeur whose unbiased feedback gave me confidence early on .
tr	O	Then she slid over and wrapped her body around his .
tr	O	As Jason tried to hold back his revulsion he was able to wonder at how it was even possible for those teeth to spin like that .
tr	I	Well , I can see you learning 're fast , Stanley . '
tr	O	How had I not known to include these on my list to Santa ?
tr	O	Turning back to Alex , she gave him an ' all clear ' signal .
tr	I	I replaced the photographs in their sleeves and put the album back where I 'd it found .
tr	I	This woman , whom hate you so much , has helped you too , Caitlin .
tr	I	Callie accepted the glass of white the wine bar tender handed her and surveyed the ballroom in awe .
tr	I	But wasn it 't only her heart that plunged into deep freeze .
tr	I	The sound of her filled moans his ears .
tr	I	It usually 's rather quiet .
tr	O	Winter raised his head a little , then it sagged back .
tr	I	The of view most druids is that it makes no difference whether Christians or demons rule here .
tr	I	He couldn 't stop about thinking James , and his death .
tr	I	I looked up it at wondering how a moon could be in the Underworld .
tr	I	Bad shit happens here down .
tr	I	I saw the trunk old , its lid closed , shoved off to the side .
tr	I	Lexie tugs me forward and are we running .
tr	I	We all met in front of the car , which was new and clean and undoubtedly the most beautiful vehicle I 'd seen ever .
tr	I	The noises downstairs hurt her head and she wanted to yell at whoever was making much so noise , but the effort was too painful .
tr	O	I wrote all about what I 'd done , as best I could remember it .
tr	I	Only the not kind who saves anyone .
tr	O	I wanted a family : a mum and a dad and a baby .
tr	I	I barely her left side .
tr	I	As we rounded the door to the corridor , ran I directly into a male chest .
tr	I	I going like down there .
tr	O	She pulls back and runs her eyes over me .
tr	O	I heard something else .
tr	I	Guess the police aren 't better much in England . '
tr	O	Another crash of thunder made my mom jump .
tr	I	I met and Edie we were talking .
tr	O	He needn 't have worried .
tr	O	Sometimes the voice was so clear in my head that I could swear I actually heard it , just another benefit to my particular talent .
tr	I	Then Messenger noticed a beard , and little two eyes peering out .
tr	I	She shuddered with a sense genuine of horror .
tr	I	He feared for anyone 's safety who was in contact his with wife .
tr	I	I 'm not monster the you think I am .
tr	O	Suddenly the smile on Fang 's face disappeared as breath was taken from his body like webs by a flame .
tr	I	We 're off ordered the plane , but you 're in a coma and can 't move .
tr	I	If were he , he had been a despicable cur , taking advantage of a young noblewoman like that .
tr	O	Your number plates will be changed .
tr	O	She pointed with her free hand towards where the men lay motionless .
tr	O	She smiled and he got a semi erection .
tr	I	I glance at watch my .
tr	I	Alix nodded , encouraging her continue to .
tr	I	Sol had apparently already concussed Hendricks , and to had act fast .
tr	O	Other sea monsters followed , swimming in the air , circling , caressing each other , creating a whirlwind , a whirlpool .
tr	O	The view seeming clear , Jack pushed the door the rest of the way open and motioned for Will to join him .
tr	I	Before left I I decided to look at the address once more , just to make sure I hadn 't missed anything .
tr	O	I felt her humanity , her frailty , and it made me sense mine .
tr	O	But what if he didn 't ?
tr	I	One day Rachel had to take Judith for a check medical .
tr	O	They all owned their homes in this retirement complex and their ages ranged from the mid-seventies to the mid-eighties .
tr	O	But my gods , they would do this thing .
tr	I	My hurts head and my heart feels nothing but numb blankness .
tr	I	The shape hue and of the room , the texture of the bed , all of it was meaningless .
tr	O	The next hour went by incredibly slow .
tr	I	He the executed shot perfectly .
tr	I	Ash grabbed spoon a , scooped up some mayo , and popped it in her mouth .
tr	I	I threw the ball a like bullet and it hit him in the numbers as the guy covering him moved in the opposite direction .
tr	I	There 's money good up there .
tr	O	They return to the ground floor , at the entrance exchange a greeting with a young couple and get into the van in a hurry .
tr	I	He his cast gaze upon me .
tr	I	The rain continued unabated , and the dimpled surface of the lake the was colour of lead .
tr	O	She nearly yanked her hand from his , so great was her frustration .
tr	O	Truth was , she could barely remember the night .
tr	O	Compassion for him , terror that he would not heal and that perhaps she had made his suffering worse .
tr	I	He wondered anyone if had told her about the idea or if she had dreamed it perhaps one night .
tr	I	Was really it possible ?
tr	O	' It 's not just running vests we send out .
tr	I	This time the moved boat thank God .
tr	I	a voice male called .
tr	O	It would be just her luck to be trapped here when the next one struck .
tr	I	They didn 't want me to announce what 've I seen .
tr	I	She 'd been living alone since she 'd moved out of David 's apartment after she 'd finished college at the of age twenty-four .
tr	I	I just you needed to call me .
tr	O	Trenton immediately pulled away from me , searching my face .
tr	I	He nods , setting the half-eaten cookie down the on plate .
tr	O	I could feel the cold sweat oozing out my sides .
tr	I	What happened to being man a ?
tr	I	I shook head my .
tr	I	Her wrists went with it and she was pulled completely the from floor .
tr	I	Julian again yelled , his voice so loud that the windows in the store rattled but Annabelle was already racing through the door .
tr	I	I see whipping trees by me .
tr	O	Don 't worry , I 'll be here .
tr	O	The river beyond the giant wheel -- he recognized that river .
tr	O	He was vulnerable to all the trace energies in the room .
tr	O	We could have more .
tr	O	Reaching out , he took her back into his arms , aligning her body with his .
tr	O	Even if he couldn 't instinctively feel the way to go , he could hardly go wrong with them so clearly marking his destination .
tr	I	It was well for me that the King found plenty of work for both the Fox and me in the Pillar Room .
tr	O	She felt so empty .
tr	I	I felt like I was stalling , just making conversation , but the smell was foul and putrid -- too disgusting ignore to .
tr	O	Maybe they wanted to stay on the good side of the vampires , who gave them lots of scraps during Council .
tr	I	It a was good way to get an idea of the local economy .
tr	O	It was only a few hundred people so far , but it was growing fast .
tr	O	My mom actually clapped her hands , the action made her seem years younger .
tr	I	No that promise the High Demon race might flourish again .
tr	O	On the way he reminded himself of his promise to see Jane and Daniel in the evening and he also wanted to visit Ben Adams .
tr	I	But the Sheriff only had words for his Deputy , ' You 'd better not be losing nerve your , Toby . '
tr	O	I was a loose cannon of temperamental fits , drunken rages , and risky behavior .
tr	O	These threats against Elle are escalating .
tr	I	The long blade in gleamed the faint moonlight .
tr	I	Things to ask Jace the about existence of You left this blank .
tr	O	We 're tracking the others via a vehicle they stole on route nine .
tr	O	The mini high that I had been on faded , and discomfort set in as I looked around the room as it emptied .
tr	O	He was kind of sweet .
tr	O	His face is flushed with rage .
tr	I	I was gone halfway when Ava spoke .
tr	I	She imagined Colin pacing outside bathroom the .
tr	I	Which went directly to mail voice .
tr	O	Surely witnesses did not provide any security for such events , but would in fact do quite the opposite .
tr	I	For a minute I considered texting in Sylvie case she didn 't make it home before I left for the airport .
tr	O	Daemon slipped his hand over Manny 's and squeezed gently .
tr	O	I explained about the time I 'd spent under the Elder 's influence .
tr	I	In the spots pavement underfoot had decomposed into loose pebbles , making the go a bit tenuous .
tr	O	I petted the stallion and his liquid oil coat glossed underneath my hand and felt as shiny as it looked .
tr	O	But she wouldn 't let him get away .
tr	O	At first Four thinks it 's Number Six coming to help us .
tr	I	When I woke up and saw you in my bed I to wanted cry , Holder .
tr	I	That 's she what should be doing anyway !
tr	O	Pansy took the catalog out of her hands and handed her a copy of Elle .
tr	I	He could sense a glance aimed at him , and turning left , he saw staring Dinah at his side .
tr	I	He dares not do much the to human mind because he is bound by what he calls the Laws of Robotics .
tr	O	With a monumental effort , he managed to bring his right arm across his body , and in doing so he rolled onto his side .
tr	O	Her lungs were burning and her legs were tired but she continued to run toward the promise of fresh air .
tr	O	The sky was a clear blue .
tr	I	But if he did have a bit o ' luck in Dorchester it would explain he why seemed more cheerful than usual as we marched out .
tr	I	He used his teeth to pull back the covers on the farmer 's bed and let the fleas in slip .
tr	O	I didn 't care what the junkie thought of me or what he did after I left .
tr	I	I wrapped my legs around his back and him pulled against my skin .
tr	I	And it be would very frightening again .
tr	I	He 's going to tough be to kill , guys .
tr	O	He seemed genuinely pleased to see me .
tr	I	A few seconds more of trying , she sighed and gave up .
tr	O	Now was not the time to back to sleep .
tr	O	They called out plays and he remembered them late into the night , plays burned into the wood grain of his mind , engraved with a code .
tr	I	She arrived a minute later at the large oak tree stopped and to catch her breath .
tr	O	The child would have been brought up in a nursery , where she could be properly cared for , of course .
tr	O	He liked surrounding himself with the finer things in life .
tr	I	She come 'd to care about her , too .
tr	O	Perry moved to the cockpit .
tr	O	He was furious that anyone in the world thought he was a boy who could do nothing about this .
tr	O	Angelina missed him already , wishing they could spend the day together again .
tr	O	He hugs his two mothers .
tr	I	That was why I thought he a was small man .
tr	I	The path was narrow and dark , like entering a tunnel though it was only trees that lined path the .
tr	I	I 'd so been sure .
tr	I	She wanted to swing him at , but she had a really crummy punch .
tr	I	So he cooked 'd , and opened a bottle of wine ?
tr	O	I can 't do this alone .
tr	I	I don 't care your about little security girlfriend .
tr	O	I live for those moments , and now that I 'm in one I 'm so afraid of shattering it .
tr	O	Just before disappearing inside she turned , smiled and waved back at the two adults .
tr	I	He sat back on his sofa wondering would what have happened to him if he 'd left when he was going to .
tr	O	But in order to get up on that stage - ' To breathing ! '
tr	I	Why should noble ideas the protect wicked ?
tr	O	The fact that you and Mikael can do the same thing while awake is what astounds me .
tr	I	Dean was standing there , holding a bouquet of Shasta wrapped daisies in tinfoil .
tr	O	There was familiarity here , and power .
tr	I	Calvin led into everyone the venue itself where his girlfriend awaited .
tr	I	I that said the city will not last a day against the power I have seen from the invaders .
tr	I	They had to somehow find a way to get in , get all the stuff they needed and get to it the boat .
tr	I	It practically him paralyzed .
tr	O	Until now , when suddenly it felt dangerous .
tr	O	He stood half a head taller than the natives and his stench indicated he hadn 't bathed in many months .
tr	O	I got the ninja thing , though .
tr	I	God , could he be more any awkward ?
tr	I	The prospect whole of ghosts and spooks confused her .
tr	I	He hadn 't been always so immune to feminine smiles though .
tr	I	It is only on earth it that requires a body for communication .
tr	O	I had always been facedown , head under , just on the cusp of death .
tr	I	' They were for prepared us coming .
tr	O	It was her fault he was in this mess .
tr	I	Holly is still about all Holly .
tr	I	I had no idea what was he thinking .
tr	I	But he was as nervous a as long-tailed cat in a room full of rocking chairs .
tr	I	He looked up at the gigantic house that before stood him .
tr	I	Dating suggests exploration an .
tr	I	What he meant was that he sit could down in the coffeehouse without anybody bothering him for a second .
tr	O	Her lopsided smile finally righted itself .
tr	I	Links and chains of them were swooping high above the lip of the precipice and coming down in the direction general like blinded cobras .
tr	O	One night I stole his precious car and I kept thinking about how pissed he would be if I crashed it or drove it into the Thames .
tr	O	I stood on Holly 's cloak , which he had thrown on the ground to keep my bare feet from the rough ground and the cold .
tr	O	Where once all the various essences had been given homes , worked into artifacts that gave them purpose and directed their power now they were loose .
tr	O	She couldn 't resist asking , too darn curious about the woman who had managed to steal his heart .
tr	O	Then our eyes meet and he starts to say something , but the waiter appears and introduces himself .
tr	O	As he felt he was getting closer he slowly began to feel like the sound was familiar somehow .
tr	O	But were they close enough ?
tr	O	It didn 't hurt her case either that she looked movie star gorgeous .
tr	I	Hayden dipped his in head surrender .
tr	O	Stopped when I stopped at the storage closet for the bucket and mop .
tr	O	One by one he compared their voices with the one in his head .
tr	I	Most of her traveler 's checks were back in her suitcase in El Mirador she and had only a small amount of cash .
tr	I	I was at the edge of the bank just a few seconds after shot I , too .
tr	I	His was expression anguished , and that was no lie .
tr	O	I looked up into the aisle .
tr	O	He headed to the back of the store , checked the bathrooms and a back storage room , doubling as an office .
tr	O	Sorry , Dec , I liked Sean , really .
tr	I	I picked myself up off the heather and rubbed my eyes which had not yet trained to bright the glare of the afternoon sun .
tr	I	I this liked Mallory .
tr	O	I cringed at the nickname .
tr	I	Before I could stop myself I 'd let a out groan .
tr	O	We decide to take a break and have some water .
tr	O	She rearranged the papers in front of her and gestured for us to take a closer look .
tr	O	She frowned as she suddenly realized who the dark-haired man was .
tr	I	If Father is dead , he can 't answer to me his for lies and his crimes .
tr	I	Mo said , shaking reverberations the from the log out of his hands .
tr	I	Norman having was trouble seeing the instruments for tears in his eyes .
tr	O	He was tired of hotel rooms and floating about .
tr	O	Mica shook her head sadly .
tr	I	He cocked a dark and eyebrow put the car in Reverse .
tr	I	I will make never you ill again .
tr	O	Teri pointed to the filing cabinet .
tr	I	She left the and room Kate rushed over to give her daughter a warm , effusive hug .
tr	O	They were actually really proud of him placing so high , so proud that they couldn 't stop smiling .
tr	O	After Jason 's father had died , Rodrick had taken him under his wing .
tr	I	Lori like felt a new woman in clean skinny black pants and a red shirt .
tr	I	Startled the by male voice with its noticeable Italian accent , Pia jerked back away from the sound .
tr	I	All vampires the had filled out admission or staff forms , and so I had all their writings .
tr	O	They murmured their good-byes , and Aric left the study .
tr	O	How can I look her in the eye , kiss her lips , hug her body , when I look and smell like a homeless man ?
tr	O	The demon staggered back , shaking its head and coughing .
tr	O	One night , when they were seniors , Nadine got drunk and wrapped her car around a tree .
tr	I	I 've been running on a natural high since I signed the papers and drove the off lot .
tr	O	While Jase fucked him , Luis reached out with both hands and groped and squeezed their naked hairy legs .
tr	I	I felt as if I 'd be never able to eat again .
tr	O	It was innocent and real , no sign of pretense like that of someone he knew .
tr	I	I thought he was going to a blow fuse , and he said ' we 'd discuss it later ' .
tr	O	It was more than just a vampire 's grace and strength that she had ; there was pure talent and training in her moves .
tr	I	So far he had a man two with sides to him .
tr	O	She decided her best tactic was to race through an apology and explanation as soon as he answered .
tr	O	He shivers under his brother 's glare and says nothing .
tr	O	I look down at my tiny mother .
tr	I	Of course , I could never tell about anyone him .
tr	I	After Apocalypse the He didn 't realize what was happening at first .
tr	I	Charlie under cursed his breath .
tr	O	When they realize I 've followed them , they look at me like I 'm an alien from another planet .
tr	O	Finn let the question hang .
tr	I	Lily cried out , arched into him , his craving touch , needing more .
tr	O	Picking at his European breakfast of thinly sliced ham , boiled eggs , cheese and bread he thought back on his conversation with Karl .
tr	I	No more people underestimating from now on , and better yet , stop judging people all together .
tr	O	He was getting ahead of himself .
tr	I	Shawn 's immediate slip into undercover told Della was something up .
tr	O	His weave remained intact despite the convulsions .
tr	I	It been had only a moment since the lips claiming his had formed the name that had sent reality crashing into him .
tr	O	Is that all right , Case ?
tr	I	As he walked past Matthew could he not resist remarking to him to pull his finger out and get on with his work .
tr	I	I was so afraid that I went and took cover in the place safest I could find .
tr	O	He traced her face lightly with his finger .
tr	O	I didn 't pull away until I 'd sucked her dry .
tr	O	After passing some months in London , we received a letter from a person in Scotland who had formerly been our visitor at Geneva .
tr	I	Could it be Sara that had understood something ?
tr	O	I forgot sometimes that she wasn 't still living with me anymore .
tr	I	There were and silver copper candlesticks with candles ( now burning ) of all shapes , sizes and widths that scattered the top .
tr	I	The chip went into the dip and emerged with a very large scoop of on salsa it and disappeared into his mouth .
tr	O	Maybe my body was getting used to the abuse .
tr	I	his mother asked , her hand reaching up and stroking jaw his .
tr	O	It was clear he was confused .
tr	O	He scrambled toward them , trying not to think about him being unarmed .
tr	I	Take us back Lilith to 's .
tr	I	I unfold note the , well-worn over the years with tattered edges , and thinning paper .
tr	O	The last hour had been a horror .
tr	I	His muscles as stiffen my fingers brush against his pulsating hardness and it only makes me want him inside me more .
tr	O	I 'm gon na puke right on their feet !
tr	O	Friday Friday came in soon this week .
tr	O	Lifting Tom from his feet he threw him across the room , where he hit the wall with a pleasing thud .
tr	I	Thankfully , his lower half hidden was , too .
tr	O	The vampires had been delayed by the necessity of putting on their daylight coverings , but they were making progress reducing the distance between her and them .
tr	I	Several State Troopers assault with rifles followed behind them .
tr	I	Maybe he had time to pull up on the beach and hide the in tunnel .
tr	O	Chatting with her uncle was the last thing she wanted to do , and she felt terrible for that .
tr	O	I couldn 't see it of Art , not the Art who happily tended his garden and offered us beer and pop .
tr	O	She didn 't even know how a girl was supposed to know if she was pregnant .
tr	O	Gabe ran over to the bed and gripped my shoulders .
tr	O	He nodded almost to himself .
tr	O	The wheel turned slightly underhand , but on its own , it came to a stop .
tr	O	She tried to put the necklace on , but her hands shook so badly that she couldn 't fasten it .
tr	O	Alexia worried her lower lip .
tr	O	Odd for somebody to be drunk on tea , Leo thought to himself as he swam through the crowd toward the storyteller .
tr	I	She had finally learned how be to alone , to take care of herself and stand on her own two feet .
tr	O	They were a tangle of legs and thighs , and she never wanted to untangle .
tr	I	Before being marked she have would been sweating , her heart racing , her fingers shaking .
tr	O	I don 't know what the deal is .
tr	O	I don 't really have ties anywhere anymore .
tr	O	The crack was V shaped .
tr	O	He pointed over to a bucket beside Tracey .
tr	I	Roth kissed me , and there wasn 't anything soft or sweet about the way mouth his worked mine .
tr	O	Vincent 's interruption drew both of our attentions to the doorway .
tr	I	Jane asked she if should make an appointment .
tr	O	But I think of the seashell and the tea bags , of those hot , stolen moments in his office .
tr	I	The smoke burns my lungs and the cold causes goose to bumps sprout all over my arms .
tr	I	Meg beamed a smile at the Hawk in form human and the Crow .
tr	I	Anne peeled her burning gaze from the waving tendrils the of old Weeping Willow tree and blinked at Grace .
tr	O	I heard shouts behind me , maybe Henrietta , maybe Dr. Eyre , I didn 't know , and I didn 't care .
tr	I	I can see one other person face down on the floor of the train tunnel , but can tell 't who it is .
tr	O	It feels charged , like we are both on the edge of doing something drastic , but don 't know where to start .
tr	O	She 'd been working toward that goal for seven years , and this time it would be in a respectable business .
tr	O	Fang grinned at me .
tr	O	Derek considered himself a brave man , but the hair on the back of his neck stood up when he heard Chancey 's inhuman growl .
tr	O	Michael and Sloane stared at me .
tr	I	' Is she auntie your ? '
tr	O	I asked , thinking of the night he showed up at my house for a job I hadn 't been hiring for .
tr	O	She had picked up her life and finally , after so long , was ready to live .
tr	I	His hand felt hot on her and skin she looked to where it circled her arm .
tr	I	I nodded , wincing at pain the in my throat .
tr	O	Antonio 's father - and therefore her own great great-grandfather -- knelt beside her .
tr	I	He to began sob , his whole body going into convulsions .
tr	I	She took another sip her of beer .
tr	I	Naomi 's cool stroked hand Claire 's cheek .
tr	O	What if he got caught holding the items ?
tr	I	He breathed her name , more breath sound than .
tr	I	Amulets are chained around his neck ; strange talismans his bind wrists .
tr	I	An assassin foreign from parts .
tr	O	The remaining half stood .
tr	I	I am reminded of his life whole .
tr	I	She took two deep breaths and let the feel come to back her .
tr	O	She pressed herself against him , her h * ps lifting to give him greater access .
tr	I	She out blew a sigh .
tr	O	I am weary of grief .
tr	O	After the separate demonstrations of elemental power , the warriors then showed how they might use the elements together .
tr	I	And they then began .
tr	O	Hobart panted for a moment and fixed his eyes on Reacher 's in a mute appeal for patience .
tr	I	Bad luck me for .
tr	I	He his shook head .
tr	I	I watch eye his get big and black .
tr	O	There , in the wreckage .
tr	O	The roots spun quickly about her face , slid down her neck , spun around her frail body , lifted her off the toilet seat .
tr	O	He stepped to one side and cast the hand away .
tr	O	There must have been clues to his underhanded , twisted machinations .
tr	I	She sounds impatient it about , like she 's spent the entire day convincing everyone else of the same thing .
tr	I	It was funny how that quickly had happened .
tr	I	He was unusually short had and a wispy white beard and hair .
tr	O	' I 'll be right back , ' I told her .
tr	O	Gary nods and keeps talking .
tr	O	We can do it here at the Home .
tr	I	Since he hadn 't , moved she on to the one thing she knew always helped Ty when he was antsy .
tr	I	I am not as sensitive to matters such as some .
tr	O	He looked across the horse ring , to the fields stretching out beyond .
tr	I	As I said before mum 's estate is already done a deal .
tr	O	The Chef used to travel once in 2 years to see his family back home and to give them his savings from the self-imposed exile .
tr	I	Eventually they find 'd her gear .
tr	O	Yes , this was shaping up to be a pretty good day after all .
tr	O	She lifted a shoulder .
tr	O	His only aim , his only possible aim , was to please me .
tr	I	He helped to himself another pancake and took his time eating , hoping they could return to their conversation as soon as Madison hung up .
tr	O	I would love that ' She came even closer to me and prepared to listen .
tr	I	Miller leaned back his in chair .
tr	O	It looked to Peter as if time had again slipped its gears and was accelerating forward .
tr	O	He hastily tossed it aside .
tr	O	I never thought I 'd be able to find someone who would know the real me and still want to stick around .
tr	O	I 'll ask Sam to get him to the office .
tr	O	His smell is so familiar , the heat from his body radiating toward mine as our shoulders brush against each other .
tr	I	The other Carpathians at shifted exactly the same moment .
tr	O	It shouldn 't have surprised Joy Palmer that Ted Griffin was romantically involved .
tr	I	She flipped to a page in middle the .
tr	I	He lay down back .
tr	O	I sigh at my reflection .
tr	I	Having hoped her to be a murderer so I could let go of her forever , finding out the truth seemed had easier to take .
tr	I	Something was with wrong her .
tr	O	The words came out strangled , and I could hardly see straight , but I wasn 't going to give either of them a way out .
tr	O	One of the biggest dangers was falling through the thin layer of ground to the waters below .
tr	I	I remember , then , I that am dressed like the Erudite .
tr	I	You 200 're or so , right ? '
tr	O	The words were spoken on autopilot , but the entire family paused .
tr	O	Neatly made , the pillows plump , a quilt folded across the bottom .
tr	O	One of Del 's roses was right in my face , but the tan fingers around the glistening stem didn 't belong to my boyfriend .
tr	O	You came here to destroy them : Ardent snatched the axe from a miner and was flourishing it before any of the bodyguards could react .
tr	O	But then when I look at his face all serious , I let him know the truth .
tr	O	That was partly true .
tr	I	Clarity was for offered a moment .
tr	I	We 'd reached the stage where he felt comfortable liberating his when affections we were alone together , or even within our closest circle of friends .
tr	O	I turned my face away from him .
tr	I	When I opened the door , I caught a whiff his of cologne .
tr	I	She tried to emulate his silence , placing her feet carefully and her doing best to control her breathing .
tr	I	Everyone stared at me I like 'd just lost my shit .
tr	I	No regard for Elders the .
tr	O	The day went faster than I thought it would and then Sandy led me to my living quarters .
tr	I	This the was Charm .
tr	O	The end is almost near , they promised .
tr	I	Meagan maybe thought he would ask her out on a real date .
tr	O	' Go after her ! '
tr	I	He turned to look , it and was as if the darkness had melted and splashed onto the floor .
tr	O	Now you 're asking questions way above my pay grade .
tr	I	It had begun as a lark -- something she did well a without lot of effort .
tr	O	We all grab tangs and head toward the courts .
tr	I	Every time lights our connect , they explode in orange light .
tr	I	I figure is this as good an opener as any .
tr	O	The hatch was closed between her and the floor above , and then she heard absolutely nothing .
tr	O	I have been looking forward to meeting you .
tr	I	He 'd been convicted driving of while drunk .
tr	O	I also need to apologize to Lennox .
tr	O	I was planning on using that part of his anatomy .
tr	O	I ran my hands down his chest , and then his stomach , kneeling as I grasped the waistline of his jeans and pulled down slowly .
tr	O	We fight in a tight circle , back to back .
tr	O	Studying our menus , his hand never leaving mine , we were ready to order when our waitress returned with our champagne .
tr	I	When my vision clears a bit , I notice the soldier last lying on the ground and lab techs rushing over to tie their hands and feet .
tr	I	How come 're you still here ? '
tr	O	It was made of brick , and laid out in the cross shape of an old prison , which Kelly knew it had once been .
tr	I	No , you won 't , I tell him in my head as step I in the shack .
tr	O	Her heart started pounding and her cheeks felt fiery hot .
tr	O	' But I just saw your carriage leave ! '
tr	I	She had a feeling if it were just the two of them , she 'd be in a much worse than situation she already was .
tr	O	He looked up and was struck by the sheer stature of the trees .
tr	O	Now , as an aside , you might be shocked to hear such a distinct reference to religion from Angola .
tr	I	Roni had her moments , but she could be and sweet surprisingly generous , and she 'd been consistently supportive .
tr	O	You don 't marry one guy when you 're in love with another .
tr	O	Expectation swelled between us , echoed in our footsteps and in the heavy breaths we forced in and out of our lungs .
tr	I	I my shook head .
tr	O	Not all the museum patrons had seen the knife , and they were bewildered and shouting .
tr	I	It 's kind like of having a family that way .
tr	O	Continue their drunken conversations and raucous chortling .
tr	O	My throat is tight ; I feel as though I 'm being strangled .
tr	I	Lightning lit the up room .
tr	I	He half closed eyes his and looked at me a bit craftily .
tr	I	He just wasn 't ready to hear her say the words yet , but he knew she to wanted .
tr	I	Clary to scrambled her feet , kicking free of the electrical wiring .
tr	I	Karen clears her throat and new tears in form her eyes as she struggles to continue with the painful truth of her past .
tr	I	One of the uniforms fished inside Cermak 's shirt , pulled then out a small flat key on a chain .
tr	O	It was an angel that had wings and the face of the woman I loved .
tr	I	As they moved forward I could the feel eyes of the audience find a new focus .
tr	I	Chris thought he saw a man who looked too young to walk with a cane his hide cell phone from his view when Chris spotted him .
tr	I	As soon as my feet found the landing , she nodded and led me the into dining room filled with papers and maps .
tr	O	Someone had a major attitude , and she 'd decided to direct it at the bull 's - eye he must be wearing on his chest .
tr	I	Mothers marrying is morons on the rise .
tr	O	They stood higher , and their heads were clearer and flatter than those he remembered from ... what ?
tr	O	I crack open the garage door and see both the Mercedes and the Range Rover parked there .
tr	I	She smiled up at him and her heart thumped as saw she genuine concern on his face .
tr	I	I chills feel run up my spine .
tr	O	Burnett reached effortlessly into the scuffle and yanked Perry up by the collar of his shirt and held him a good five inches off the concrete floor .
tr	O	As she crossed over , she nearly bumped into someone going the other way .
tr	O	More like who , but she didn 't have time for that .
tr	I	He swore on my father 's grave never pick to up arms again .
tr	O	' Who was there to read a letter to a seven-year-old and make sense of a story like that ?
tr	I	Slipping some on , I then took my first tentative onto steps the olive colored carpet .
tr	I	It wasn her 't fault .
tr	O	I need to see the head of the U. S. Robots and Mechanical Men Corporation and get his clearance for the job .
tr	I	I ran into the barn , my high heel skidding boots across the wet concrete floor .
tr	I	His arms started to shake the under strain of the weight .
tr	I	This is first the door we 've seen since .
tr	O	In the darkness of my apartment , I allowed my mind to wander .
tr	I	I asked he as walked towards me and pulled me against him .
tr	O	I could do nothing to undo what I had just done .
tr	I	I sense children who are finding themselves knives holding - and some with guns .
tr	O	All taut and toned , covered by creamy pale skin .
tr	I	This I baby 'm carrying feels as if it was meant to be .
tr	O	' Maybe Dave 's already decided ? '
tr	I	Fifteen minutes earlier I would taken 've the call myself .
tr	I	She could go to the even shop though doing that was increasingly hard to do .
tr	O	I pulled at his shirt , wanting him in as little clothes as possible .
tr	O	But what bugs me right now was Yvan 's behavior after our conversation .
tr	I	Screaming in pain , he recoiled , and tried again reach to Ren .
tr	O	Then the boy smoothed his clothes and heaved a big sigh .
tr	I	The way the man 's arm is shaking , I 'm that terrified the gun will go off .
tr	I	It was dangerous to send even deeply encoded communications into space Tren .
tr	I	It was ingrained in me to wonder what he was doing to the fill void .
tr	I	Wang followed closely behind , killing the last of the three a with short burst to the chest .
tr	O	I didn 't change any of my clothes , considering that I didn 't have any to change into .
tr	I	I sighed and away stepped from him .
tr	O	He said as he ended the phone call .
tr	I	I an made effort to smile .
tr	O	A wine that every Poppy Holland shared with her favorite lovers .
tr	I	The car glided practically .
tr	I	Brooke unbuckled his belt and slid the leather free slowly , deliberately , then giving the length a shake and snap that through echoed the room .
tr	I	Ashley didn like 't pity , and she chose to live without regrets .
tr	I	If I sat here mumbling and you talking couldn 't help hearing me .
tr	I	Then it pulled away , maybe as revolted if because it was resting on fur .
tr	O	I have three daughters whose futures are only going to get more expensive .
tr	O	The Dragon had appeared to him the night before the attack .
tr	I	They believe cannot it , they played so well last week !
tr	I	His was voice shaky .
tr	O	She stood eye to eye with him .
tr	I	Sarah wasn 't sure if that was possible and she was reluctant agree to but still , what choice was there ?
tr	O	I still didn 't forget that I 'd already gotten on Poseidon 's bad side .
tr	I	She 't didn look at him .
tr	O	' You didn 't take your medication tonight , did you ? '
tr	O	I followed him into his office and , guessing this might be a sensitive topic , offered to close the door .
tr	O	She moved to take the bowl of grimy water away from the bed .
tr	O	I could see the four of us ; the fifth member was a sketchy grey cloud I couldn 't quite put a face to .
tr	I	I see a beautiful woman with sad eyes , standing the in daylight by a boy and a girl .
tr	I	Like never I had tried .
tr	I	I ask , back leaning .
tr	I	You ' re inviting vampires to this town for the sole purpose of it taking over .
tr	O	Stacy drove us to her house in a late model four-door sedan .
tr	O	She looked up at him , wishing she could see his face .
tr	O	He seemed hesitant to step into the space that had once been his .
tr	O	He inspected his fingertips .
tr	I	He was dying to be inside of again her even as he hated himself for considering it .
tr	I	There a is gleam in the old eyes -- very intense .
tr	O	Their survival was not contingent upon others having made it here before him so he wasn 't going to worry about it right now .
tr	O	But mostly its just quiet .
tr	O	The parasite is completely dead , and I suppose my body will eventually dispose of the unwanted dead matter -- hopefully .
tr	I	I had said simply honestly and .
tr	O	Halley distributes resumes of two potential running mates .
tr	I	Colin was almost amused by 's Belinda determination .
tr	O	We 're just too stubborn to give up .
tr	O	She couldn 't go back to sleep even if she tried .
tr	O	I offered to carry her in so Clare wouldn 't have to tackle the stairs in a cocktail dress .
tr	I	His eyes gleamed with a satisfaction predatory .
tr	O	He was terrified no one would ever be able to match the electric chemistry he shared with the woman who didn 't want him .
tr	I	Grace smiled as she watched him walk away , he had definite a spring in his step .
tr	O	I want it to be their home for as long as they need it .
tr	O	Rand didn 't sit .
tr	O	He told me quietly .
tr	I	She glanced around the room more once .
tr	I	She surrendered the rigid hold she 'd held over her body , and her flesh him gripped unmercifully before pulsing all around him , stroking his cock .
tr	I	There something 's to do and see .
tr	O	He never foresaw such a calamitous future , and was simply overwhelmed by the weight of it all .
tr	I	Sleeping with woman another in my arms .
tr	I	The subliminal suggestion to forget should for hold quite a while , as long as no one messed with Tyler 's mind .
tr	I	I couldn 't smiling stop .
tr	I	Soldiers came through running the door outside .
tr	I	Daniel unplugged his and headset charged down the narrow stairwell into the belly of the plane .
tr	I	Footsteps on the path gravel .
tr	O	Dense smoke billowed ominously , menacingly , in their wake .
tr	O	Mrs. Quinn 's hair is all frizzy and wild and her eyes look small and scared .
tr	I	A single shop was housed on the ground floor , candlelight glow within from .
tr	O	I ran as fast as I could and he threw the ball .
tr	O	I gulp down air .
tr	I	I dumped the green on beans the steamer tray , and held out my hand .
tr	O	Dean had a right to be angry .
tr	O	Instead I 'd just been shocked .
tr	I	There was an awkward moment , then and Anna spoke up .
tr	I	She was still shivering , but she was turning up heat the .
tr	I	Spitting upon the deck , Jas turned on heels his and stormed off .
tr	O	she rephrased the question , as she went about pouring a cup of tea .
tr	O	I 'm counting on you , old friend .
tr	I	They lose sight them of as the viewing angle be comes too oblique .
tr	O	With a look of grim satisfaction , he tucked the man under an arm and flew into the air .
tr	I	Rex chewed lip his .
tr	O	A porter knocked on their door .
tr	O	The second time had given Amy more pleasure than pain .
tr	O	He had a mission here , and as long as he could remember that mission , the vortex could not destroy him .
tr	I	How did you end up fighting anyways Necrosis ?
tr	I	It was Max pointed who it out to her .
tr	O	I can 't be empty because you need a man that is full .
tr	O	He 's locked up now .
tr	O	The same little smudges were found around where the poachers had said they had first come upon the bear .
tr	O	Boy , she 's beautiful .
tr	O	Lena started to walk south on the street and Connor told her to go ahead of him and that he would follow behind .
tr	I	You really did a find survivor ?
tr	I	You forced me to lie with you and then you humiliated in me the eyes of two countries .
tr	O	And yet she could not believe he would readily dispose of his one source of income .
tr	I	Romo nodded down the street walked and beside Rick as they followed the first cop .
tr	I	The old bard kindly smiled .
tr	I	He waiting was for the first sounds of movement in the basement , so he could go down .
tr	O	Chances are , you aren 't pregnant .
tr	O	I grinned at her .
tr	O	I cut the wheel left and headed back toward the mountains , as Roland directed .
tr	O	CHAPTER 51 Jennifer glanced out of the window .
tr	O	Her eyebrow flicked in concern .
tr	I	That 's what this about was ?
tr	O	Maybe she just did not want to think about it anymore .
tr	I	Rachel would learn that never he , ever gave up !
tr	O	Nick 's fever peaked , and then it finally broke .
tr	I	Most horses 't won walk backwards voluntarily , because what they can 't see doesn 't exist .
tr	I	Strong fingers , 's Luca I 'd guessed , clasped the back of my neck , then abruptly let go .
tr	O	Oh , there he goes again , she thought , glaring , like a psychopath .
tr	O	The closed door loomed in front of her .
tr	I	Ethan relaxed a little when they paid him no mind , he and walked up to the reception desk with his confidence somewhat restored .
tr	I	The storm stopped some at point .
tr	I	Her hands clinging to tighter the metal rim , she rested her forehead against her knuckles .
tr	I	Chapter 2 Luke dropped an envelope on Ned 's workbench in mechanics his shed about a half hour before lunch .
tr	I	Alice took a deep breath and then when it came it out sounded all shaky .
tr	O	The brigadier disappeared down the misted path .
tr	O	And thank you for calling , Oscar .
tr	O	A giddy , powerful sensation .
tr	O	Oliver brought him some kind of drink - God , she hoped it wasn 't blood or anything !
tr	O	Kim goes into the living room , opens the front door and Dixie trots inside , following Kim to the bedroom .
tr	I	My heart was threatening to pound out of chest my .
tr	O	He really did have an amazing body , and what was it about the way men pulled off their shirts ?
tr	O	I felt like I was under a vampire microscope .
tr	I	Noah his felt body react , but Baxter grimaced as if he resented her attempts to interest him .
tr	I	He couldn lose 't them both .
tr	I	Invariably , someone would offer her a bed or at least a barn of full straw to sleep in for the night .
tr	O	They shall follow me everywhere and take my pictures .
tr	O	That means I can 't take off my bathing suit and climb on your shoulders like usual ?
tr	I	In studying the books of a time that once was , I 've how realized important it is to record history .
tr	O	Had he forgotten to set it ?
tr	O	Katherine felt her heart sink as she listened to Carmen hang up the phone .
tr	O	She didn 't even see him coming her way !
tr	I	A minute full ticked by , and with each tick I felt more frustration .
tr	O	It made me a good asset to the family - at least I liked to think so .
tr	I	She was lying the on pavement next to the car which had only recently been her prison .
tr	I	One of the buildings is still taller , and weirdly shaped .
tr	I	And he didn 't care the about consequences .
tr	I	The two girls laughed and gladly the accepted bloody drinks .
tr	O	Obviously , Phony Baloney Bonnie was going to be fashionably festooned , even if her only audience were library staffers .
tr	O	He was borderline losing control , but he gripped the wheel as tightly as he could as he pulled onto Route 236 .
tr	O	I 'm with Tallis .
tr	I	I thrust them at him and turned toward kitchenette the .
tr	O	When can I try it ? '
tr	I	His gray , blur eyes , glowed in the dark , matching black his , tousled spiky hair .
tr	O	The progress bar read 87 percent completed for whatever information he was getting and the bar kept going up .
tr	O	That was kind of like having faith , but did he have faith God would provide or was he just trying to think positive ?
tr	O	Grandpa saw about ten guys in the bunker up front guarding him .
tr	O	Milos fumed at Squirrel , and Squirrel seemed to shrivel .
tr	O	On top of worrying and wondering about that , the time was up for me to register for school .
tr	I	And the lost French three thousand of their own .
tr	I	Tom cried out a little too loudly , himself forgetting .
tr	I	They 're our hardly enemies .
tr	O	His childhood had been robbed from him , twisted , and given back a darkened nightmare within a steel cage filled with darkness , yet empty .
tr	O	Parents from the other teams had complained .
tr	O	At first his tone had been affable , but the invitation to his office sounded businesslike .
tr	O	Why are you so far from home ? '
tr	I	So many years had on passed this desolate island .
tr	I	I looked over , and Wallace Duncan smiled as if we were sharing an inside joke .
tr	O	Then silence rushed in .
tr	O	Mikhail pressed her head to him , his fingers soothing in her hair .
tr	O	She 'd be at the party ?
tr	I	They stared each at other .
tr	O	Gabriel 's tone was unconvincing , as was his expression as he stared at the stranger 's retreating back .
tr	I	There were few people he trusted in this world and his cousin was among that small very number .
tr	I	Maybe I can it set up for the drift races too .
tr	O	He 'd obviously seen enough .
tr	I	I promise you this , you treat Lexi right , you will have a ally great with my wife and I .
tr	O	There would be time later , he assured himself , squashing the tiny voice of warning .
tr	I	It 's just like when my original eyes stabbed were out .
tr	O	She noticed a tray of what looked like applesauce cups and a single paper cup .
tr	I	Tick felt his mom and dad take a backward step .
tr	O	There is a long stretch of road that he is driving down .
tr	O	Were Edna and Pearl still in the building somewhere ?
tr	I	I refused to back up though even every instinct screamed that I do so .
tr	O	But clearly I wasn 't thinking with my head right now .
tr	I	It was the sound of my finger caressing the hammer the moment before twitched I it back .
tr	I	If makes it you feel better , I 'll go out and check her usual climbing spots .
tr	O	she asked as she stepped from around the corner of the house and toward me .
tr	O	I was reeling at this information .
tr	O	He waved me into the room and indicated a chair across from his desk .
tr	I	Whether people understood or not , her curse was of never her own making .
tr	I	They scrambled of out my way .
tr	I	I so 'm sorry .
tr	I	A searching man for someone ... anyone ... had a certain energy about him .
tr	O	Egwene 's memory served her correctly , and the next hallway was at the edge of the Tower , giving her a window to the outside .
tr	I	And that only meant one thing .
tr	O	At first glance , Rika thought the two brothers couldn 't be more different .
tr	O	Bessie nodded twice and smiled .
tr	I	What was with wrong this woman ?
tr	O	The terrifying thought wings through my mind .
tr	I	Ivan 's lust to be only noticed enhanced their prominence .
tr	O	He was always coming through the door with some treasure - an Olmec statue , a colonial oil painting from Brazil , a mummified cat .
tr	O	He came back up .
tr	I	She 'd been distraught , he and 'd offered to come .
tr	O	All of which is a load of twisted and convoluted bullshit , but I never said my subconscious was a linear thinker .
tr	O	Bonnie knew the minute that Zander and his friends came into the party , because the noise level went way up .
tr	I	Anyway , we all followed my and father make our living as dealers in casinos .
tr	I	While she had wallowing been in self pity he had gotten his things together and left .
tr	O	Am I supposed to love him for that ?
tr	I	He gave me a growl throaty .
tr	I	Sienna and I sat , but mood the had changed .
tr	I	Did you think that about ?
tr	O	Allowing his boss to have been kind in a way that Finn couldn 't have appreciated would have killed him .
tr	I	The Brotherhood has been searching for too long be to stopped now because of me , she thought .
tr	O	It was not a look Jace had shared with someone else in front of her in a very long time .
tr	O	Obviously she wasn 't as insensitive about the suffering of others as he 'd once believed .
tr	I	' Anyone know what died he of ? '
tr	I	Who was woman the ?
tr	O	Quickly looking over at the spring , he concentrated on the pink blossoms floating all along the top of the water .
tr	O	I was sure he was just as shocked as I was that I had protected her .
tr	I	You go can home - I 'll help find your parents .
tr	I	Felix behind stayed to lead the guarding of the port .
tr	O	' It 's the two that were in the village ! '
tr	O	Sir Rupert said , the sound of his hurt from the cutting remark being added to his concern for his brother .
tr	I	But her feelings over two males were her making completely useless .
tr	O	I looked at the clock ; it was close to midnight .
tr	I	Sadly , though , I 'm not the shot best .
tr	I	What fuck the am I doing ?
tr	O	Julian 's sword is but inches from my hand .
tr	O	I knew I didn 't have much time left .
tr	I	Noelle pulled away and directly stared into his eyes .
tr	I	The New York Police just into got Franklin 's apartment .
tr	I	Now I that 've heard about what he did to that girl , maybe he wanted to get rid of the evidence .
tr	I	They it arranged on the boat coming home .
tr	I	Royce was 's Roxie grandfather , though many times removed .
tr	I	And he off stalked into the shadows .
tr	O	Andra felt the sticky liquid running down her face .
tr	O	A Dragon 's Lament -- Book 2 David enters the Fire Kingdom and events shift from bad to worse .
tr	I	Once again , Sean was proving himself different from any other Shifter Andrea met had .
tr	I	Jin shook head his .
tr	O	He positioned the throttles at 1,200 revolutions per minute , or RPMs .
tr	O	I 'm sending a cruiser to pick you up .
tr	I	Eventually , he felt himself hit the ground with great force , but was still blinded by dark the , inky flame that had engulfed him .
tr	I	She took sip a and then a deep breath .
tr	O	Without a word , she swung a leg over the edge of the tomb , twisted , and began to descend .
tr	I	I thought eyes her looked frightened .
tr	I	If you kids had , you could stay with them in that area .
tr	I	He seemed a more little relaxed in my presence than he had been in weeks past .
tr	I	Dawn broke over the storm angry 's eye .
tr	O	Samson 's eyes rolled back in his gigantic head .
tr	O	I try to catch a breath , but I have none .
tr	I	If we put wolf the on the seat , she 'll be right behind him .
tr	O	I missed that voice whenever we practiced Kendo in the backyard .
tr	I	What the had Australian said ?
tr	O	Hugh was astonished at the transformation four years had wrought on her character .
tr	I	The he pleasure took in savouring the taste was obvious .
tr	O	This surprised him and he said so .
tr	I	How much trust more is required ?
tr	I	Ryder spun around back .
tr	I	The ropes fell apart as he cut them with something Maya could see not .
tr	I	It always been has .
tr	I	While Amber brushed her hair in the bedroom mirror , Michael emerged upon the sound of the toilet -- flushing hadn 't even washed his hands !
tr	O	The footprints were size eleven .
tr	I	Preferably kind the without dreams .
tr	O	We get around to the meth culture of his youth .
tr	O	Not with what was going on out there .
tr	O	Not even if he tried to make me not love him anymore .
tr	O	He couldn 't have .
tr	O	He spread the morning paper on the floor next to the tree and pretended to concentrate as she loaded her car .
tr	O	When I said that , Jim 's eyes lost their sleepy look and he held the hedgehog close against his body .
tr	O	She hung up and dialed a different number .
tr	O	I need a job , but you hardly need my buy-in .
tr	I	I don 't understand any this of .
tr	O	Melanie and Astrid had been extremely enthusiastic about Will 's suggestion that Val try working with horses as a way to calm her fears .
tr	O	He looked at her with cold eyes .
tr	O	I wiped a layer of dust and dirt from underneath the ship and found the code box .
tr	O	And I was me instead to have to organize my same funeral and to have to prepare my last wishes besides putting her in practice .
tr	I	They left him his to soup and his pint of Guinness .
tr	O	Just a dream , a nightmare , nothing to worry about , she thought .
tr	O	And you 're going to get her back for me .
tr	O	Gerald reached the door first .
tr	I	He ruffled through the clothes and then picked up something that fell from the fabric tattered .
tr	I	And so , at last , brought had about his own death ; engineered it somewhere along the pathway of his life .
tr	I	He couldn 't stop her giving intense glances .
tr	I	The moon peeked from behind wispy clouds that glided as quick ghosts .
tr	I	Reluctantly , she slid from the warmth of his jacket , but as she turned to the path caught he her hand .
tr	I	Pete 's attack quicker was .
tr	I	He tried to portray himself a as wise confidant .
tr	O	George began to play with Chey 's hair .
tr	O	He looked slightly puzzled .
tr	I	I followed Sarah to the of stage the Red Theater .
tr	O	Said we needed to talk .
tr	O	It 's all like clockwork .
tr	I	It had the been first time he 'd accessed the power , actually .
tr	I	Louise hardly took breath a as she talked .
tr	I	She saw yellow ... that of she was sure .
tr	I	She turned her head and contemplated this who woman had just tried to kill her .
tr	O	Two tears ran down her cheeks .
tr	O	No matter what he did .
tr	I	I blinked at up him before putting my arms around his neck .
tr	I	The shrieks terror of was heard when Wanda saw the dead dolphin , and refused to give out the food to Michel .
tr	I	Cassidy heard the woman 's buzz voice through the phone .
tr	O	I asked , watching one of them rest his hand on his gun .
tr	O	Her former fiance , Mike , had been a royal ass .
tr	O	I don 't even think to stop him .
tr	I	She hooted at me again , that strange hollow cry the of tufted owl .
tr	I	Leon , job good .
tr	I	With most of the work having gone into the amulet 's creation , it required only a small spell to activate .
tr	O	She turned off the burner , carefully placed the wooden spoon across the top of the pot , and grabbed her crutches , then limped toward Ruby .
tr	O	Jess stared at me blankly .
tr	O	He stepped to the side , motioning me toward the table .
tr	I	Walter selected some tools a from polished metal box .
tr	I	He paused and looked around office her .
tr	I	There was still a section the of archives in the library that he needed to investigate .
tr	O	Angel , you are going to kill me if you do not feed now .
tr	O	Except that Mark had not been blackmailing me .
tr	O	I was finally able to say a full sentence .
tr	O	It 's too tall to fit through the height restriction of the garage door , so the drivers get out .
tr	O	We 've known that .
tr	I	She knew he feeling was raw .
tr	O	But she couldn 't say that .
tr	I	I whisper his kissing head .
tr	O	Ambrose had been born to a slave and a king .
tr	I	Mariel 's was voice soft and filled with sadness .
tr	I	The sound was by muddied the soft echo effect between the buildings .
tr	I	If anyone would tell him what really was going on here , it would be Chevy .
tr	O	Feeling triumphant , I head off in that direction .
tr	O	So horny and hopeless .
tr	I	And she is the heir to Mayfair the legacy .
tr	O	Meg hurried after him as he strode to the front door and picked up the carryall beside it .
tr	I	14 Only a few miles into the heart Dallas of , Kellen pulled the car to the roadside in front of a small sandwich shop .
tr	O	He definitely wouldn 't want her to pine away for him as she went back to her celibate existence on the island .
tr	I	Too much emotion was in that song and it still in burns my heart , too fresh , raw , but in the most wonderfully real way .
tr	O	And everyone sensed it .
tr	I	But his dying unmistakably plea got through .
tr	I	Then I waited another hour I before felt sure my sister-in-law was asleep .
tr	O	I don 't understand why it matters that I kissed her .
tr	O	Apollo 's voice was calm , but it was that creepy , deadly calm I never wanted to be on the receiving end of .
tr	I	A comfortable feeling me wrapped .
tr	I	I knew , however , that she merely wanted to experiments conduct on the poor boy with one of her vile remedies .
tr	I	Oprah once said that forgiveness the was first step in healing .
tr	I	It is though as I have become some concrete statue melded to the dirty tile floor , a tribute to adolescent terror .
tr	O	His low voice burrowed into her tummy , leaving a warm glow .
tr	O	And then Kat couldn 't joke anymore .
tr	I	She ran straight across the lawn between double the oak trees and up the creaking wooden stairs .
tr	O	Alaric could come back here with the dwarves , FIDO and CLEO .
tr	O	Daniel 's jaw tightened .
tr	O	Dead flesh served them no purpose whatsoever .
tr	I	I was just coming back from his funeral and with visiting his family when Grady called me .
tr	O	It had taken her several weeks to realize the physical aspects of her experience were only a minor portion of their lovemaking .
tr	O	Her warm laugh was the last sound he expected to hear .
tr	O	I was more than midway through my senior year and enjoying every aspect of it .
tr	O	Feel it -- believe it -- and make it happen .
tr	I	Edward thought to ask when he 'd nearly emptied glass his .
tr	I	Most of all , she was here to ask his for forgiveness the part she had inadvertently played in William 's death .
tr	I	You can 't tell I her told you .
tr	I	I want to know everyone Mary has Sinclair been talking to .
tr	I	And then was there Hunter and the Order .
tr	O	Her eyes narrowed almost to slits at that part .
tr	O	That she did make the wrong choice .
tr	O	I stepped away and caught my breath as I pulled the phone from my pocket .
tr	I	I could lie to them , but I 't couldn lie to myself .
tr	I	Energy for such things can also come from other outside sources of the wizard 's personal power .
tr	I	Jack squeezed hand my as he spoke .
tr	O	All I 'm asking you to do is tread lightly .
tr	O	The stubby tree carefully gripped its sack , leaned backwards and stepped slowly with its cracked trunk .
tr	I	Stopping beside a Power Point projector , Ethan readjusted the cord with too attention much .
tr	I	They smoked in silence a for while .
tr	I	He ´ s probably to fighting stay on that thing .
tr	O	As his words sank in and made sense , I wanted to run from the room , but I was rooted to the floor .
tr	I	With Grant 's pride , had it taken a great deal for him to admit he 'd made a mistake and seek a reconciliation .
tr	O	As I climbed the outside stairs to the second floor , I could hear music coming from Cole 's condo .
tr	I	Mom told me about them once : Mom said that a phoenix has mommy no or daddy .
tr	O	But Charlie , don 't forget to live a little in between your duties .
tr	O	Besides , if I kept the coat on , it would just give him something to keep looking forward to .
tr	O	' I 'd tell you to do the same , but you better stay clear-headed .
tr	O	The problem with the head warn 't nothin ' compared to this .
tr	O	The lights of the Volvo flashed in her rear-view mirror and she blinked , suddenly realizing she 'd just spent all her wait time daydreaming about Max .
tr	O	The car radio told the story .
tr	O	With this much drinking going on , I think things will get worse before we 'll be able to leave .
tr	I	She nodded started and walking .
tr	I	The intensity his of gaze held the priest 's captive .
tr	O	Buck was her horse , named after his buckskin color .
tr	O	People were crowded at the base of the stairs , fear in their eyes .
tr	I	He turns and heads back out the door , me leaving alone again .
tr	O	She pulled free and started off again .
tr	I	His arms flailed around briefly , unsure of what to do before settling around awkwardly her shoulders .
tr	I	And Maggie known had .
tr	O	Was she seriously ready for that ?
tr	I	On the shelves there were boxes vegetables of and more empty jam jars .
tr	I	He holds out his hand , up palm , and raises his eyebrows at me .
tr	O	He took his place beside the warrior he considered one of the greatest of all time .
tr	O	-- Santa Monica , California Christophe stood still in his tracks , not moving a muscle .
tr	I	She giving 's me the disappointed look .
tr	I	I should have kept in touch and stayed with her the in hospital until she was ready to leave .
tr	O	He always thought he 'd be the one to finish off Gar .
tr	O	Then the door being wrenched open - She squeezed her eyes shut as the barrel of the rifle materialized in her mind .
tr	I	Ben nudged her shoulder and pointed through the starboard port toward the skeletal remains of a kelp outpost , dimly in visible the foil 's deepwater lights .
tr	O	I flutter my eyes and beg the powers on high that no one sees my stupidity in action .
tr	I	Like somebody in an photograph old .
tr	I	Even through the burning , she thrust her hips upward , engulfing of more his erection .
tr	I	We 'll find out and we then 'll both know .
tr	I	How was possible it to resist him when he could say things like that so sincerely ?
tr	O	The mounted men charged forward , and the gunmen and archers took aim at their backs .
tr	O	I closed my eyes briefly , drowning in sensation .
tr	O	Sometimes , not even each other .
tr	I	I to turned him .
tr	O	The Sheriff groaned beside him , and there Toby had his idea .
tr	O	The scar is still there , and Rex appearing again just means he wants to rip it open .
tr	O	And he 'd liked handmade shoes as well , and they were a tolerable fit .
tr	I	The ancient fae drifted sideways , her features indistinct , her glow still hurting the of backs his corneas .
tr	O	He just laughed and looked up at me .
tr	O	He pointed a finger toward The Factory .
tr	I	She 't wasn capable of dozing for more than an hour or two .
tr	O	Keri 's smile looks decidedly artificial .
tr	I	He couldn 't help but laugh at the all hicks .
tr	O	Calliope asked it gently , clearly understanding what I was struggling with .
tr	I	Not that she use could one if it 'd been here .
tr	I	I 'm so you pleased called .
tr	O	He pulled the handle and shoved the door open .
tr	I	He to turned her .
tr	O	He sat down and laced up his knee high boots known as , the Reapers .
tr	I	Barb had put the book everywhere , claiming guests liked the idea reading of about local scandal .
tr	I	She leaned and back grinned at the beautiful kids around her , marveling at their brightly colored dresses and silk ties .
tr	I	I was both excited and scared , except now I I knew wasn 't going to be alone .
tr	O	His voice rumbled across the water and I was immediately disappointed that he hadn 't asked about me .
tr	O	So right for him .
tr	O	I turned and ran .
tr	O	He was still holding me tight .
tr	O	He also had to live with the fact that he too loved Elle .
tr	I	Apparently , they felt quite free enter to my quarters whenever they pleased .
tr	I	Dean wanted so badly to have foot a in both the human and supernatural worlds , but realized tonight how difficult that would be .
tr	O	Four or five of you together could make any dog wish you 'd never been born .
tr	O	I licked at the saltiness of his skin and he buried his face into the side of my neck .
tr	O	When you see your child imitating you , when she 's never even met you , it 's a bit surreal .
tr	O	He made a mental note ; make sure to settle in a town that has a railway link to London .
tr	I	He stood about six feet tall and was fairly broad the at shoulders , well built with a solid chest .
tr	I	* * * When Mamma sat me beside that day , I knew from the way she looked that something was wrong .
tr	O	But how are we supposed to attend ?
tr	I	He clipped wire the around my wrists first ; it tangled free instantly .
tr	I	I hobbled painfully but refused 's Levi attempts to help me .
tr	O	Satisfied , he put an arm under Shotgun 's arm and helped the dwarf to his feet .
tr	I	Except for the nurses that poured in to check on her and asked she if needed anything , Julie was all but abandoned in the darkness .
tr	O	Half of those hours had already passed .
tr	O	Danny had the baby when we got married .
tr	O	It 's been good , so far a number of people left me messages with their particulars , wanting to get paintings of some sort .
tr	I	Then he was on her right , crouching in the grass tall .
tr	O	Things that she 'd seen between couples on the quay .
tr	O	I have to admit , that I lost the first two years hunting for the GOLD .
tr	I	If he weren 't so happy with himself , I might even have considered it .
tr	I	Whitney hugged me after she ate her first of piece custard pie and then had another slice .
tr	I	He her opened refrigerator .
tr	O	Well that doesn 't help .
tr	I	He shrugged the nonchalant of shrug someone who is actually an expert .
tr	I	Christophe gave one last look at Kathy and mouthed was he sorry .
tr	O	I ran out of the room , slamming the door behind me , screaming my lungs out .
tr	I	That , s right about .
tr	O	Human world was far different from theirs .
tr	I	In the foyer we met Mr. Gilles the principal , a pulling golf bag along behind him .
tr	I	There wasn 't a launch pad or dock to handle the houseboat so dropped we anchor about a half mile out from shore .
tr	I	Edward 't didn live in just one house .
tr	O	A nearby neighbor heard the gunshot and called police .
tr	O	The ease with which she fit into his life sent a chill through him .
tr	I	My body was beginning overheat to and my backside was spewing steam rapidly .
tr	O	It was really amazing how fast Ellis retreated , looking at her warily .
tr	I	He off bit the words through a clenched jaw .
tr	I	I began to write down the whole thing from the beginning , hoping it would get mind my in order .
tr	I	And had she to resist him .
tr	I	A moment that had come and passed then on .
tr	I	The tree was with lit hundreds of tiny , twinkling white lights interspersed with larger colored bulbs .
tr	I	I nodded my head I as grinned .
tr	O	I was determined -- am determined to seek justice for them .
tr	O	They both looked up as the door opened .
tr	O	Leaping at her with my mouth open , something told me not to bite her .
tr	O	He blissfully smiled and looked down at the table to hide it .
tr	I	The lights dimmed again and in sitting the middle of the table was the gigantic bowl of glass in the desert .
tr	O	Jacques was temptation incarnate .
tr	O	I asked as I swung my leg over the bench .
tr	I	When she tried to pull away , tightened he his hold , drawing out the contact for reasons he didn 't bother to examine .
tr	O	As we turned onto the block leading to our street , he turned to me in question .
tr	O	The king can be very demanding .
tr	O	The pulsing stopped and the whole panel dimmed .
tr	O	He would give up anything for this cause , except for her .
tr	I	They said as nothing they arrived , walked through the lobby , rode the elevator , and entered the room .
tr	I	He 'd heard that was with common people who 'd been molested as children .
tr	O	Taking long deep breaths , pacing and staring up at the early summer sky Tuck forced himself begin to settle .
tr	O	Sorry , I 'm just a little anxious that 's all .
tr	O	He looked from one to the other .
tr	O	Razor was curled up in the sand by the pit , buzzing and twitching in his dreams .
tr	O	He had failed to protect her !
tr	I	Millie and Henry Vu lifted the bulky reports and placed them in the center of the table , where they were slowly taken the by jurors .
tr	O	This was a loss grown old and dull , like a knife left out in the rain .
tr	I	How is that for going you ?
tr	I	I selected his number , pressed Call , and relaxed into cushions the , pushing my head into the pillows .
tr	I	He called the lab and was told they had samples of their modifications cleaned and up versions waiting for collection .
tr	O	His gaze switched from Zeal back to me .
tr	O	Even in cities and places further away .
tr	I	Try to them punish ?
tr	I	He stood there sifting what through was inside , then shut the door .
tr	I	At this point , the mathematician realised confuses what him most about the current situation .
tr	I	It didn 't seem to register , or if it did , shrugged Kim it off .
tr	I	He had to rein himself in or he would be useless Sunshine to .
tr	O	A siren blares in the background and an ambulance whizzes by a couple of moments later .
tr	O	It does that 's for sure , but I still think Momma likes to hear it now and again ; and again .
tr	O	I obeyed , but this time , didn 't stop .
tr	O	Tara had had it hemmed up ; the alteration tag was still on the plastic bag covering the garment .
tr	I	Hundreds of books on dozens of rows of shelves ; it sometimes made finding a book more of effort an than actually reading it .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure if he referred to her legs or the slips of silk .
tr	I	And he stood tall like a warrior , out of place in our dopey line drum .
tr	I	I would sorely miss sharing the highs and lows our of business , and seeing the dancing in her eyes about the adventures we encountered .
tr	I	Oddly , the thing that stood the out most to Thomas was Teresa 's last name .
tr	O	The glass wall slid open and a platform instantly materialized at the bottom at an equal plane to the floor where they were standing .
tr	O	Zeus has no power over my realm .
tr	I	I wanted to believe that it was worry for his friend that was occupying all his time , not that was he just giving up on me .
tr	O	Mixing blood -- that was the why Jesse had said it too .
tr	O	This , Lacy thought , without the accompanying baggage and terror .
tr	O	He was still too much in danger .
tr	O	Still , something must have awakened him .
tr	O	The rest of the pearly surfaces are barren .
tr	I	She did not feel like hobbling with around a stick .
tr	I	He 't didn get that .
tr	O	They fell silent then as the twins fixed their own coffees .
tr	I	And we 've heard your about Mr Judge and what he gets up to .
tr	O	The area bathed in flashing dark green , red , and blue lights .
tr	I	A hit sets the PC on 1d6 fire damage per round unless you spend a whole round to roll out the flames .
tr	I	It better was than mead .
tr	I	This lead me on an study intense of the Shroud of Turin .
tr	I	I decided not make to too big of a deal about it .
tr	I	He started to wonder why she bothered him with ; was it just for her amusement ?
tr	I	The sun is beginning sink to toward the horizon as we walk down the paved pathway .
tr	I	And tell I you about this in a minute .
tr	I	The known one as the French Quarter King sits at his dark mahogany writing desk .
tr	I	Gaston nodded his head and put the phone back to ear his .
tr	O	He buried his fingers in her hair and pulled her closer until they were pressed together as tightly as two people could get with clothes on .
tr	O	But it couldn 't be .
tr	I	Miss Cordelia didn 't say a when word she turned to take a gander at Brady .
tr	I	Fifteen years fighting crime , then another ten on the Strip as headliner a .
tr	I	He didn 't her tell , though .
tr	I	She was surrounded by cooing workmates , and even some the of soldiers had gone to have a look .
tr	O	Kylie could only imagine what some of the campers had told them .
tr	O	I 'm not killing off a whole race as an unwitting plague carrier .
tr	I	From murky the corner I made out a familiar figure .
tr	I	What is known is Morton maintained least at one post-graduate school .
tr	I	* * * The she minute pulled into the parking lot of Children 's Medical Center , Danni wondered why she had come .
tr	O	I guess ... I don 't know .
tr	O	In fact , she was shy and always had been .
tr	O	Anger flared with deranged intensity in his eyes and his lips curled up in a snarl as he leaned right into my face .
tr	I	I 'd better get school to .
tr	O	I kicked my legs , but the wire circled tight around them , digging into my skin .
tr	I	The way we got married gives them right the .
tr	I	It opens a wider little .
tr	I	He made her alive feel .
tr	I	As annoyed as I was with her , I was infinitely more with annoyed myself .
tr	I	He knew his tone had been harsh and was wishing 'd he softened it when she spun toward him .
tr	I	But she swears she had nothing to do the with first two little jokes .
tr	O	Her eyes widened as she saw the intense burning that lingered in his .
tr	I	Blessed echoed silence for four strides across the tarmac before Austin 's thumb popped back out of his mouth again .
tr	O	Winifred eagerly seized upon the change of subject .
tr	I	Billy the studied animals closely .
tr	O	How could I account for the absent sexpot ?
tr	I	I am the High Priest of the of God the Sun .
tr	O	I held my breath as it sped past the stern of the boat .
tr	O	I know what you mean .
tr	I	Two guys about the size of pranced buffaloes in like they owned the place .
tr	I	I knew I shouldn 't anything give away about Mr Easterly .
tr	O	I didn 't feel the devastation of having the love of my life ripped away .
tr	I	This was certainly pleasant a surprise , Dewi arrived a few days earlier than expected .
tr	O	Paul took a moment to observe the parking lot .
tr	I	I knew that he would know I more meant than having my hair butchered .
tr	I	Allie sat at her kitchen table , glaring at the red ball cap she 'd found near cabin the .
tr	O	As if at any second he was going to pounce and wrestle it from me .
tr	O	As always there was no tension in Nicolas 's voice .
tr	I	So I can quit 't now .
tr	I	It felt good to alive be , even with my ears ringing like hell .
tr	O	Soon , he heard a rustling sound again , as the receiver was picked up .
tr	O	Kate looked into Kev 's face .
tr	I	His on grip Julia 's hand tightened .
tr	O	It was the only evidence in the room that Christmas was less than an hour away .
tr	I	Write your worries on the paper , crumple it good up , and drop it in the jar .
tr	O	Diana 's eyes narrowed .
tr	I	How could I truly give to myself her ?
tr	O	At the end he just stopped talking and waited for her reaction .
tr	I	Paul spent the afternoon milling about town and a watched couple of movies .
tr	I	The dog was apparently sensitive to her owner mood 's , because she was far more subdued than I had ever seen her .
tr	O	I have heard you talk to the others .
tr	I	Harriet was longer no driving .
tr	I	In fact , she could easily sleep for another twelve hours more or she was that exhausted .
tr	I	She could barely down hold the sobs as she dialed the familiar number .
tr	O	There 's enough power in this room to do backup surveillance on all our movements .
tr	O	But he was alone here .
tr	O	Beautiful colors , blues and purples and yellows .
tr	O	Terrified , she eventually managed to get out of her second marriage and moved to start a new life with now ten-year-old Lauren .
tr	I	she asked with a grin tiny .
tr	O	They didn 't plant things in the ground and wait for them to sprout ; they scavenged and hunted to survive .
tr	O	He barked out a laugh .
tr	I	I automatically thought of writing thank-you notes , but of course I didn 't my have stationery with me .
tr	O	Even though he knew it meant his torture , he was glad .
tr	I	Julian took hand her in his .
tr	O	Only , as soon as he got out of his truck , she turned off her bedroom light .
tr	O	James did not think that he would like the kids much , so he never talked to them .
tr	I	I gave him a set keys of and sent him on his way .
tr	O	He pulled away after a moment and turned to grab a beer from the frig .
tr	I	I called the waitress and over told her we needed a table .
tr	O	A breeze carried her scent to him , that lemony fragrance tainted with fear , confusion , and anger .
tr	O	They couldn 't stay here , they had to find a way out of this prison .
tr	O	He opened his eyes .
tr	I	Two cornerbacks made attempts halfhearted to stick their helmets into his churning legs , but they bounced off like flies .
tr	I	The only explanation Ashlyn could think of was that they 'd never paid attention a to sick human before .
tr	I	A second later , the backpackers rose to feet their .
tr	O	Emma looked as if this made enormous sense .
tr	O	They moved skilfully inside the rock and accelerated forward as the water broke into a raging torrent .
tr	I	I turned tossed and .
tr	I	Mr. Quintanilla eyes Benjamin with anguish , taking a few seconds pensive before speaking .
tr	I	Jim set the hammer on the and counter took the back-door key off the nail beside the door .
tr	O	How was a vampire supposed to feel after its first kill anyways ?
tr	O	Instead , she hurried to the dungeon , not even looking at the guards that she passed .
tr	O	He took both of her hands in his own , and his eyes became full of tender pleading .
tr	I	The sluggish gray landscape turned white beneath her , and seemed it to fall for ages .
tr	O	He gazed away , looking like he was mentally cursing himself .
tr	I	She sounded like a bad actress in a film porn .
tr	O	' But can you not tell , friend , that there is something of destiny within these two young men ? '
tr	O	Carol felt too distracted and tongue-tied to respond , although her thoughts had been traveling along those same lines .
tr	I	' And you what know I hope , Fletcher ?
tr	I	You should something find to bring home for lunch .
tr	O	She was twisted in a way the human body did not twist , in a very , very , very small space .
tr	O	And unless she wanted to buy an international ticket , she wasn 't going to get even close to wherever he might be .
tr	I	My mouth open falls .
tr	I	Polite ... but growing insistent more .
tr	O	He longed to feel as normal men did -- to feel as he had when he was holding Allie naked against him .
tr	I	He 's a of friend ours .
tr	I	David only could hope that Kevin was right .
tr	I	He then his turned attention back to the creatures overhead .
tr	O	I could get my hair cut in a mohawk and walk around on national TV with it in all its hideous glory .
tr	I	Turning my head , I saw standing Gemma beside me .
tr	O	Then she turns her gaze back on Isaac and me .
tr	O	It 'll be my pleasure to show up the both of them .
tr	O	The two of them looked at each other for a moment .
tr	I	I still did not know where my journey was heading and I had a definite date of arrival that was than less two weeks away .
tr	I	It was a rather amusing image , Holland thought , as they were all able salute to , but they couldn 't all stand .
tr	O	Nick nodded his head in partial understanding .
tr	I	He wanted help to , but he was no expert .
tr	I	I was on low fuel .
tr	I	I to managed squeak at the man holding the door .
tr	O	Dreamer pushed him away , laughing as she went and opened the front door to her friend .
tr	O	The woman shifts her weight to her other leg .
tr	O	One thing Saint Cloud and Magnus had in common was a rich appreciation for mundane fashion , furniture , and art .
tr	O	she asked as he mounted the steps to the deck .
tr	I	Marshall was not quick to respond , and was I glad .
tr	O	Oddly , the garish vermilion , dark plum , and sickly ochre of the seaweeds that wrapped the still body provided the only color to the picture .
tr	I	You 'd amazed be how often they do that sort of thing .
tr	O	She caught him in the chest with her dagger .
tr	I	She couldn allow 't that to happen .
tr	I	Once all the women in England are equipped with corsets Adolf old won 't stand a chance . '
tr	I	Belinda took short shallow and breaths .
tr	I	For the of rest my life freedom would taste like birthday cake .
tr	O	The store was open and full of shoppers by the time the tour was over in the early afternoon .
tr	O	It was enough to wet my tormented throat , but not nearly enough to replenish all of the fluids I 'd lost .
tr	O	Quinn picks me flowers and I carry them .
tr	O	I also knew it would lead soldiers to us .
tr	I	They understood his nature not but his predicament .
tr	O	She had a choke hold on the knife handle and cut each carrot with surgical precision .
tr	O	Tasha clapping a hand to her mouth in embarrassment after accidentally snorting .
tr	I	It looked filling , though , so I indicated it along with a thick of hunk bread .
tr	O	' They are good .
tr	I	I was about ten feet or so beneath the surface of the water , looking upward at the sun as it the made moving waters shimmer .
tr	O	' As much as I am ever off duty . '
tr	I	As blinked I my eyes , taking in the scene , Agnes 's front door opened , and the woman herself stepped out .
tr	O	They were well-organized and took advantage of every opportunity to advance .
tr	I	He said he 'd love it if I bring could one of my friends along to make it a foursome .
tr	O	They knew each other from their days in the Army .
tr	I	He disbelieving sounded , and then ecstatic .
tr	I	She didn 't know how handle to this .
tr	I	Her feet moved without thinking her about it .
tr	I	She couldn 't sleep when Isaac was around , because didn she 't want to waste a single moment of their time together .
tr	O	Could I really do this ?
tr	I	If his handheld radio survived the EMP blast , there a was chance the van had too .
tr	O	Anyway , it was the tone , not the words , which ultimately satisfied my noble pride .
tr	I	Tessa touched the sleeve the of dress with the tip of her finger .
tr	I	Did the jolt from the break fall it ?
tr	I	Like I said , for a minute I don 't know why would Johnny 've brought me to this courtyard .
tr	I	For reason some , he was fascinated by motherhood .
tr	O	Ren blasted him back .
tr	I	I have a tumor brain .
tr	I	Mairi back bit a sigh at the words .
tr	O	I think back to the video Sherry showed me , and to what Jim said to her .
tr	O	Sleep when you can , because you never know when you 're going to sleep again .
tr	O	Since that 's something vamps can 't do to me , and Dracula obviously never doubted his own powers , I got away with it .
tr	I	It spring was , but the breeze sliding over her felt more like winter 's icy breath .
tr	I	That was Drew 's idea Stavros and let him run with it although he didn 't realize the extent of Drew 's plans .
tr	O	His heart felt lighter .
tr	O	He drew a deep breath and jerked around to face Jason .
tr	I	I could not sacrificed have my children .
tr	I	Simon his flashed white teeth in a wide smile , giving me a quick glimpse of the Fitzgibbon dimples .
tr	I	Significance of Israel American Judaism been has profoundly affected by the Nazi persecution and destruction of European Jewry and the founding of the modern state of Israel .
tr	O	The tip of one finger slipped between my nether lips to tease my clit .
tr	I	I felt like the prey of lion a as he quietly examined me and I subconsciously hid my birthmark with my other hand .
tr	O	No need to call his parents .
tr	I	By the closing he hymn was just sad .
tr	O	So I held her and let her cry .
tr	I	You don want 't to get ahead of yourself .
tr	I	I 'm going to them head off to buy us time .
tr	I	They tried all to go on as usual but life without David and Danielle was never the same and neither were they .
tr	O	Too late , he 'd realized its significance , and he couldn 't even remember when he 'd last seen it .
tr	I	They 'd been running for some time now and he knew they not could stop now .
tr	I	There was wrong nothing .
tr	O	The truth was out .
tr	O	You can come visit .
tr	I	But , like always , just he had to go on .
tr	O	Stretching both arms over his head he tried to work the stiffness out of his shoulders and neck .
tr	I	She made a chomping gesture with her mouth , like she were going to him eat alive .
tr	I	She totally was focused on the task at hand .
tr	O	First , I needed to decide about the board .
tr	I	The keel was safely stowed , and would slide not .
tr	O	At once her fingers fumbled and the milk failed to flow .
tr	I	He was kept suspended over hellfire in a metal cage , his flesh seared with every flare , then rebuilt by his gifts angelic .
tr	O	Too angry to express anything but hatred , she turned to the sink , teeth clenched .
tr	O	' It takes a while to get a good fire going on a ship .
tr	O	I 'd seen Cage in it more than once .
tr	I	You will always be friend my , when you and I are long married to other people . '
tr	O	How am I supposed to get through the week ?
tr	I	She stood outside the door and listened to the conversations many among the men .
tr	I	Noel knew they were critical in stopping determined any attack .
tr	I	My friends looked back and forth between the dagger at throat my and the Reapers still creeping toward us .
tr	O	Thankfully she brought her satin eye mask to keep the morning sun at bay .
tr	I	If shots fired are , don 't look , just go .
tr	I	He waved a hand in the air , and , as there though was some magic involved , a carriage pulled by two white horses appeared .
tr	O	He was persuading the spirits of the underworld to ease off of their mischievous dealings against the people of the middle world .
tr	I	She as watched she wrapped her purse strap around her fingers in her lap .
tr	I	A nerve in Alex 's jaw twitched as he shook 's Volkov outstretched hand and met his placid gaze .
tr	I	The wind died down , a calm breeze replacing once it again .
tr	O	He heard the sound and he answered it .
tr	O	The townspeople thought she was a witch and police suspected arson but the inquest was inconclusive .
tr	O	He hadn 't been scolded by his mother in years .
tr	O	The particles on the walls were drifting free once more .
tr	O	She studied him out of the corners of her eyes .
tr	I	Sara turned her head in shock , knowing she was about to see a woman to fall her death .
tr	O	Besides , it 's a midday cable show .
tr	I	You find a way to get out him of it .
tr	O	I shake my head and lean over and throw the napkin into the trash can .
tr	I	My blessings are you with .
tr	I	Stefan no showed sign of there being a mistake .
tr	O	To invade another Shifter 's secret territory could be death to the invader .
tr	O	In some of the photos the gelatinous blood at the edges of the tub could be seen .
tr	I	He carefully replaced the desk and chair as he had them found .
tr	I	His eyes flicked to up his Prima , and she was smiling .
tr	O	She stood in the shower , letting the warm water wash over her body , and she thought , It 's over with .
tr	O	He pulled his hands back with a flourish .
tr	O	Could it be that this unlikely specimen was indeed Ogg 's person of particular significance ?
tr	O	That 's where we should be entering from .
tr	I	No one said anything as we all became occupied in whatever on was our computer screens .
tr	I	She nodded toward medals the .
tr	I	Don 't you mean since meeting the hottest guy 've you ever seen ?
tr	I	I looked over and was Thompson staring up at him , unafraid .
tr	I	The bee back was .
tr	I	He and his men were camouflaged by night atop a dark rocky ridge waiting for any movement the from direction of Iran .
tr	I	Posters statues and of Julius were everywhere .
tr	O	Knox grabs my feet and brings me to him .
tr	O	Jane looked down at it in confusion and couldn 't see that anything had been disturbed .
tr	O	But this time , there was no spray .
tr	O	Mira asked , not sitting , eyes intense .
tr	O	I ate my bowl of stew later , after everyone else was served .
tr	O	His instincts hadn 't just totally misled him about her nature .
tr	I	But it didn keep 't him from taking Kadie in his arms and kissing her .
tr	I	His hand came under my chin tipped and my head up toward his .
tr	O	He 'd made a fortune selling them on eBay .
tr	I	It seemed ass backward to start off with the and knives end with the pillow , but I understood his master plan .
tr	I	She turned to the phone before she finished the sentence and a dialed number .
tr	O	I grabbed my keys and jacket from the cluttered table and shouted out a goodbye to Kendrick before I slammed the door behind me .
tr	O	In the darkness , she couldn 't stop thinking about the evening she 'd just spent .
tr	O	And the worst part about it is that I think I 've been stood up .
tr	O	Watch him take the bait .
tr	O	Rather than argue , she decided to watch his back .
tr	O	She 'd often talked about coming to Scotland to search for the ancestors , but they 'd never known where to start .
tr	I	My name 's Bond , Bond James .
tr	I	She my was everything .
tr	O	Someone honked behind us .
tr	I	His parents were delighted and pointed to out him that one day he may be the managing director of the firm .
tr	O	My breathing picked up as I found her lips again , pressing against them with urgency .
tr	O	The large open room they entered directly from the outside was divided into three spaces .
tr	I	It ended up being in first my film , the one you saw at the library , but you know that .
tr	O	The question came from out of the blue and lodged in my heart .
tr	O	Who the hell knows that better than me ?
tr	I	The third Stinger pulled up behind them on the adjacent highway , flashing red running lights a like cop jumping a speeder .
tr	O	I have no body anymore yet I 'm trapped in here !
tr	I	They were warriors all .
tr	I	Now we back were to the drawing board .
tr	O	Emma stared at him , but no words came out .
tr	O	Pleasure rushed through him as he sprang from the conveyance before it came to a full stop .
tr	I	Where this to time ?
tr	I	That , s small how our imagined cosmos was .
tr	I	The smile tight returned .
tr	I	Barton had asked Zach to go Williamsburg to and Jamestown with him the last weekend of Break , so he 'd be away then .
tr	I	He felt as if he was exaggerating things when he was talking about the first month a as banker .
tr	O	Vane wasn 't singing for his supper .
tr	I	Then he still lies , activated only by slow gentle rhythmic breathing .
tr	I	I never to wanted stop .
tr	O	Well then , come on in , and make yourself at home .
tr	I	So her did kitchen activities .
tr	O	Emerson , for his part , looks cool as a cucumber .
tr	O	We have traded with Zamora , largely because it was the only nation with whom we could do business .
tr	I	18 Nick was thrown across the cockpit and into a bulkhead ; there was sickening a crack as his arm broke .
tr	O	If this didn 't snap Rowan to , then a tornado wouldn 't do it .
tr	I	They exploded contact on .
tr	O	Instead , I dream about the first time he told me he loved me .
tr	I	Keno held her closely for a few moments before drawing away , serious a look crossing his face .
tr	O	The death of a loved one can either tear a family apart or it can bind the survivors closer together .
tr	I	If I could for go Mexican food with a team I no longer belonged to .
tr	I	At point this , a thunderous barrage of feet thumped against the door , each kick loosening the lock .
tr	O	The younger immortal immediately opened a refrigerator to reveal a large amount of bagged blood stacked up alongside various mortal foodstuffs .
tr	O	Under the trembling girl was a sofa .
tr	I	Bill his shook shaggy brown head .
tr	I	Marion had expected to this get over and done with in Cologne , and was not expecting a third Czech intelligence presence to be awaiting them .
tr	O	Figuring the deed would be a good place to start , I went to the website of the Volusia County Clerk of Circuit Court .
tr	O	There wasn 't one on the floor above , leaving me with little knowledge about where I was or how far up .
tr	I	Eventually I got him to use two small axes hand instead of weights in his fists .
tr	O	Then he tilts his head back , offering his throat .
tr	I	He nodded if as it was a very wise decision .
tr	O	He could see a mahogany table and chairs through an opening that led into the dining room , and leather sofas in the family room beyond that .
tr	I	This big was news .
tr	I	She activated her other quantum magnet , which was pointed still at me .
tr	O	Its black , soulless eyes gazed upon the burning wreck sprawled at the feet of the machine that was now entirely part of her .
tr	I	There no is Nottingham Forest !
tr	O	Malachi staggered backward , arms flailing , until he struck the edge of a bench , hard .
tr	O	I looked up at the facade of the apartment building .
tr	O	I 've read lots of old books . '
tr	O	Seeing her puzzled look , Marja smiled .
tr	O	There was conviction in his voice when he spoke to his brothers .
tr	O	Only a few arrows even reached the ground , and Amira saw only one that actually hit a man .
tr	I	Ruby grief 's had torn me apart .
tr	I	He could actually get the rifle down his trouser leg , but he would have wear to a loose coat .
tr	O	He needed time to think .
tr	O	At one point , Sooty Stoops was purely residential .
tr	I	I slip back under the covers wait and .
tr	I	Then we must find a way stop to them .
tr	I	~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ It was the astrologers of Ashur who him gave the power .
tr	I	Lacy a was junior .
tr	O	That seems to be a really big thing the movies like to do .
tr	O	Was the third cup for him ?
tr	O	I hit play and with the help of some very hot guys and some tasty dessert , I was able to forget about the vision .
tr	I	Happiness held me its in palm .
tr	O	I jumped two feet in the chair at hearing his voice .
tr	O	In fact , she just looked at him , dragging her gaze up and down the length of his body .
tr	O	She didn 't want to tell him anything about her life , anything he could use against her later on .
tr	I	He might once have been a genuine scholar , but he long ago lost all reason .
tr	I	Behind those was a at secretary a desk .
tr	O	His deepest secrets were all there as computer files .
tr	O	The guards pursued after the fleeing men while John stopped and surveyed the grounds .
tr	I	Josie flipped the lock and open threw the door .
tr	I	He turned Bri to .
tr	O	Not long ago , John had admired the man , but now he felt sorry for the broken-down shell of the man he once was .
tr	I	When reached he the top , Guillaume was puffing .
tr	O	Published papers , gave lectures , that sort of thing , but his true obsession was creating angels .
tr	O	He sat on the edge of the fountain .
tr	I	She a made huge meal for dinner that night in an effort to calm her frustration .
tr	O	You don 't know me .
tr	I	Archie pointed to sliver a of broken ice lodged in a fissure in the ice , sticking straight up .
tr	O	So really , when you get right down it , I didn 't accidentally break any postal laws at all , did I ?
tr	O	Dean stiffened slightly at her touch .
tr	I	The man steps the around corner of the cabin front with the long black gun aimed at her .
tr	I	Martin shoved Gary unexpectedly from behind , sending him sprawling into mud the .
tr	I	She whipped back around to at glare him .
tr	I	Kane imagined whatever she said to be directed more toward him to than her blindfolded boyfriend .
tr	I	I open my mouth , but then clamp it shut , my knowing voice will shake .
tr	O	The leaden gray leading edge of the storm front rolled and tumbled over us .
tr	I	I can leave 't these people before I find out how they knew my mother .
tr	I	She could smell the distinct aroma of hot mixtures Chinese .
tr	O	They step forward and take an arm each of Jonathan 's , hauling him upright with surprising ease .
tr	O	We haven 't seen any contradictory evidence so far .
tr	I	Her mouth dry felt .
tr	I	This only angers more her .
tr	I	His softened gaze as stared at me .
tr	O	Finan woke just after dawn .
tr	O	That 's all it could have been .
tr	I	There 's a set with without and photos .
tr	O	I looked at them closely .
tr	I	I gazed blindly out the window as my breath shot out in bursts short .
tr	O	It had been a long time since he 'd had dreams of the war .
tr	I	The moment I stepped into the room throne , my heart sank .
tr	I	A was light on inside , but no shadows moved beyond the curtains .
tr	I	It had been hours since 'd he last spoken .
tr	I	I want to shout at him for giving up her on so soon .
tr	O	The ball hit the rim abruptly and flew into the air .
tr	I	All around us , jungle the breathes , leaves rustling , rain spattering on the sodden trunks .
tr	I	The agreed all that the words were good , and then they all joined hands and repeated them .
tr	O	Gail had a stepson and a baby , with another baby on the way .
tr	O	Amanda stumbled over a broken piece of the sidewalk as Cliff crossed her mind for the first time in hours .
tr	O	Maybe her father had lost his mind .
tr	O	But it was Reyes who drew her attention again and again .
tr	O	It 's going to take all of us to fight him .
tr	O	He held his camera .
tr	O	Despite the moodiness she sometimes displayed , she seemed to like him .
tr	O	FedEx wins the race .
tr	I	He even tried to stop being apprehensive and drift along the present which so was blissful but his mind would not partner with him .
tr	O	Even if they often went over the line of his personal space .
tr	I	I ignore her , and walk to the door and down the stairs and down the hallway and the into elevator .
tr	I	He the was one who grazed Wynn .
tr	O	Lucas reached up and pushed his hat back on his head , not sure where to begin .
tr	I	People scurried ants like , running in every direction , abandoning their cars in their rush .
tr	O	I tuck my books to my chest and begin to shove past him when an arm goes around my waist and I 'm pulled away from Holder .
tr	I	The elevator had at stopped the bottom .
tr	O	I wanted to talk about the decision I had made on the way back from the pier in the taxi .
tr	O	I decided that he needed a taste of his own medicine and from what I heard Judge Henderson liked to double the dosage .
tr	O	The light spread out and Rei could make out a form , indistinct at first , but then coalescing into what looked like a human being .
tr	O	Stuffing them in her canvas bag , she climbed to her feet and ran out of the flat to the back stairway .
tr	I	The piano weren movers 't expected until the next day .
tr	O	Assuming they moved on overnight , he 'd be in the clear to go home .
tr	I	I I knew would say the right thing .
tr	O	Adam picks up the dog and screams when the twitching ears and tail touch his arm .
tr	O	How is it the Director of Security had not seen it and addressed it before ?
tr	I	Alec nods , his piercing eyes my soul as he searches for ... something .
tr	I	She had worked for the firm fifteen for years .
tr	O	At home earlier , all I could feel and think about were the problems , the way my life seemed to be caving in .
tr	O	Indignation isn 't good for my health .
tr	I	We 'd driven to rehearsal ; together Drew 's Mazda was parked three blocks away , halfway to Mephisto 's .
tr	O	Totally ruined me for the guys in high school .
tr	I	Celeste could hear him muttering himself to all the way down the dock as he went towards the street .
tr	O	Feeling slightly sad , Bellamy laid aside his mending and left the hall , seeking the back door .
tr	O	Sarah 's eyes sparked open .
tr	O	Mindy must have forgotten to pay the gas bill again .
tr	I	I cry again out .
tr	O	Mark said to both Reggie and Cheyenne .
tr	O	Clay raised his gun another inch or two .
tr	I	We were debating whether to get another helping of cotton candy when we heard young some men talking about the girlie show .
tr	O	When he did , she slipped off her shoes and lay down next to him , putting her head on his shoulder .
tr	I	They expect everything to be handed to on them a platter .
tr	O	The sound of the demons behind her grew louder , closer .
tr	O	My mother came near me and asked me not to panic and stay calm .
tr	I	It would be very easy to mistake them if you were expecting Corr and were concentrating on getting into the without stall getting hurt .
tr	I	They chirped and fluttered about , hardly making a difference in the noise the wind and other birds already were making .
tr	O	I could see she was angry and that , somehow , made me happy -- I 'm not sure why .
tr	I	I don 't how see anyone could .
tr	I	Roaring battle yells , they charged in do to as their master had ordered .
tr	O	When I finally left , the sun had settled in behind the bush and I could see the moon through dirty clouds .
tr	I	I had only known Dean less for than a week , and I was about to lose it .
tr	O	I squeezed her hand , just as she had squeezed mine in a timeline only I could remember .
tr	O	I turned to them .
tr	O	He always enters through the church 's unlocked front doors and walks the center aisle of the nave , on the way to his office .
tr	O	Now mostly what I notice about her is that she and her sisters have no last name , a strange and extravagant thing just about anywhere .
tr	I	She wanted to least at ascertain whether it was a man or woman .
tr	O	Eve gave her a tiny little smile and squeezed her fingers .
tr	I	The smell of the perfume from her neck , sharp and sweet , in the cloud of oil and meat me excited .
tr	I	Reaching out , he the grabbed door , and it creaked noisily open as if it was the entrance to a tomb .
tr	O	A breeze blew in through the open window .
tr	I	Lizzie was asleep in the chair next her to bed .
tr	O	Brody glanced back at the others , who were all involved in the food and coffee he brought , laughing over something on someone 's phone .
tr	O	Finally the girls and Janice emerged with the visitor dressed in Lavina 's clothes and using Cathy 's crutches to move around .
tr	I	He gasped as I pulled his boxers down and him took in my hands .
tr	O	Finder 's hands glowed yellow , with images of a blue fish and an amber snake dancing across her palms .
tr	O	His eyes dart forward again .
tr	I	Matt 's dad brought over a and pillow blanket .
tr	O	Obviously Beaming Bonnie is too busy pretending to write a book .
tr	O	Silly and giggly and completely unserious .
tr	I	I am forever in the of debt each and every one of you .
tr	O	I had no emotions .
tr	O	* * A slight noise startled me awake .
tr	I	Albert had processed the waste , macerated it , and it discharged legally while offshore early the previous morning .
tr	O	Finally , I leaned against a tree , letting the crowds of people blur in and out .
tr	O	Zane watched him for a few moments , wondering if it was a dream that was causing the grimace on Ty 's face .
tr	O	A moment passed , the sound of his breathing and the clicking of computer keys the only sound .
tr	O	His eyes seared and scorched , and pinned me with an accusatory stare .
tr	O	One down -- about forty or fifty to go .
tr	O	I looked up to the sky and saw a huge vessel hovering above the trees .
tr	I	I will work on the woman , as it is imperative she live for both them of .
tr	O	I watch myself on the video .
tr	O	Lifting my leg up on the bed , I change the angle .
tr	O	I could feel myself blushing from his appraisal .
tr	I	Behind them , party the walked single-file , nobody talking .
tr	I	' It looks all right me to . '
tr	I	I the liked pork ?
tr	I	Madeline rose , gave her a strangling hug , and her walked to the door .
tr	O	I narrowed my eyes , still waiting for her answer .
tr	O	Her mom must have snagged the phone back .
tr	O	She couldn 't understand what made her so happy .
tr	I	He at stares nothing , seeing nothing .
tr	O	I felt him move the cloth under my neck , dip between the shredded halves of my camisole .
tr	I	I watch as she attempts to crank her vehicle , but the car 't doesn start .
tr	O	Edmond and his fellows were blocking our way as we entered the gate .
tr	O	Her attacker was nibbling her .
tr	O	Gabriel 's brief touch warmed me .
tr	I	The purpose of this visit from parents their was a very exciting one indeed .
tr	I	She began planting planted tiny kisses on his bruised fingers , but he her stole lips away with his own .
tr	O	As he approached the door Clarence heard a familiar voice .
tr	O	Then she grabbed his hat from over his eyes and sailed it like a Frisbee across the room .
tr	O	Until one of the men pulled a knife from the inside of his boot .
tr	I	Two dressed were similarly to the captain .
tr	I	When I finally did come out , was I over the top of the river on one of those rock ledges .
tr	I	The sun was still well above the horizon and yet the entire keep looked to be for readying the day 's end .
tr	I	And for the same reason , I didn 't show Durrant the photos mention or the possibility that it could be the murderer .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure whether this was or Keke Lila .
tr	I	He started to jerk his away hand which ended up making the cut much bigger than I 'd intended .
tr	O	He was kind of a loner .
tr	O	I will share my past with you , Sibyl .
tr	I	It 's ... it tipping 's the balance .
tr	I	I toe the fancy Persian with rug my pink Converse .
tr	O	It had astonished her .
tr	I	And even the sound unexpected of crying babies .
tr	I	Ethan light 's eyes widened .
tr	O	My jaw almost hit the floor .
tr	I	Andrea Carbonell , the on other hand .
tr	O	A major paper jam had developed in the Xerox machine down the hall .
tr	I	She continues to look at me patiently while I dig deep for the courage to speak to her ... tell to her everything she needs to know .
tr	I	Not just about that , but about everything else 'd they done ?
tr	I	You need to the know consequences .
tr	O	We hope to have some answers shortly and will keep you informed of any developments .
tr	I	She blinked , but only darkness inky filled her vision .
tr	I	He was willing get to rid of the contract for her .
tr	I	His gaze stayed to glued her eyes as she continued to move in reverse .
tr	I	The girl shifted her body slight , gulped .
tr	I	The only problem was I didn 't know more than his and first last name .
tr	O	With one swift motion Alexis slices at Emma 's throat .
tr	O	For all the evidence that would exonerate them , I 'm still not convinced .
tr	O	Swearing , he jerked the steering wheel to the right , but he made his move too late .
tr	I	Matt talks about a you lot .
tr	I	Ben laid the on floor , out cold .
tr	O	She closed her eyes and thought back to the time the other night when she had told him to get out of her head .
tr	O	A gift to reward the hospitality and kindness of your family has given to the pilgrims over the years .
tr	I	Rachel know should better .
tr	I	He raised his and sword growled .
tr	I	Wil was acceptable an person and in Betty he felt she was acceptable , and maybe his love for her was acceptable rather than passionate .
tr	I	I felt a little stab of something in the center of my chest , but ignored I it .
tr	I	It was not that he did not think about them , it was that they had simply faded from mind his .
tr	O	Lexi thought of her own business and nodded .
tr	I	The rain taps on tent the and thunder barks in the distance .
tr	O	Operation should be over in a couple of days .
tr	O	But she 'd brought Liam into this , because for some unknown reason , she trusted him more than anyone .
tr	I	He knew to refuse at this would point do his reputation great harm .
tr	O	but he said nothing , prompting her to continue .
tr	O	But why would she try to cover up something like that ?
tr	I	Elizabeth to smiled herself , amused by their immaturity .
tr	O	She was still hoping Kevin would ask her out , but he kept dragging his feet .
tr	I	The screams oh ... , the screams .
tr	I	Jasmine and I were on the on ferry our way from the Sausalito port to the port near pier 9 .
tr	O	One second in history , out of so many trillions of them .
tr	O	Kick the kids out of town ?
tr	I	Those in the house were just starting stir to .
tr	O	For some reason , this thought hurt the Prince .
tr	O	Everyone is different in their own way , and he seems harmless enough .
tr	I	Darcy agreed to this house party scheme of Lady 's Catherine because he worries -- as I do !
tr	I	They were from different the living places .
tr	I	If you don 't stop asking questions , you 're going to end dead up like Lily .
tr	O	But those were worries for another night .
tr	O	We drop you off first .
tr	O	He felt love for his brothers .
tr	O	He gasped weakly and his muscles tightened .
tr	O	They were able to reconfigure their biological structure and become a part of foreign matter such as , stone and metals and even pass through them .
tr	I	Shaking head his , he popped the seal .
tr	O	Oh Christ , I 'm making a total spectacle .
tr	O	It is all I can hear as I scramble to get to my feet .
tr	O	But rumor had it , Sullivan 's wife was most definitely not standing by her man .
tr	I	Joye shone flashlight the on Tarzan .
tr	O	I do know for a fact that everything is normal .
tr	O	Rogues have a public service corps - purely volunteer , but we take care of things that need to be done .
tr	O	So she wants to gloat ?
tr	I	If you are like James and have forsaken your Pentecostal heritage , I you urge to return to your roots .
tr	I	The was number one that I recognized .
tr	I	Behind and up top were they building a much larger structure that would come to be known as the Echo Mountain House .
tr	O	I always found it a cozy little nook .
tr	I	She 'd wait death for .
tr	I	The mage shrugged once again and , after carefully retrieving his bags several of belongings , rose to follow her .
tr	O	These events might seem very sudden , but you all appear quite prepared .
tr	O	The past few weeks had tricked him into believing in things that didn 't exist .
tr	O	Stephanie returned and handed him the glass .
tr	I	I shook my head frustration in .
tr	O	Maybe I couldn 't blame Kieran for what happened .
tr	O	I cannot think of a more pleasant way to spend my time .
tr	I	A double row of blue lights stretched away from cluster a of odd-shaped buildings .
tr	I	Katrina sheepishly poked her head out from over the edge of cabinet the .
tr	O	I 'm surrounded by gravestones just like the ones behind you , I told him .
tr	I	I picked up head my .
tr	I	There no 's second option .
tr	O	Reaching up , I fist my fingers in his hair and pull his mouth to mine .
tr	I	They to have want to change their ways .
tr	I	He looked at Michelle and she a gave loving smile that melted his insides .
tr	O	Between the glamour stuff and the boring stuff was a service corral made of four counters boxed together .
tr	O	Rausch looked at her , his tired eyes full of concern .
tr	I	I also did not properly observe man the in front of me .
tr	O	It wouldn 't be pleasant to have him struggling in there for three hours or so .
tr	I	I had to myself remind why I 'd come .
tr	I	He stood for a longer moment and then resumed walking .
tr	O	It often helped her be creative as well .
tr	I	A hundred veiled strangers back looked at her .
tr	O	So where does a heartbroken young man go ?
tr	O	Or giving him too much of her weight and causing him to fall .
tr	I	But also we believe that only God has the complete rule book .
tr	I	He led him in through the front door , a reassuring hand on the back of his neck , then to disappeared find the first-aid kit .
tr	O	She slung her arms around my neck when we finally met up in-between the buildings housing art and choir .
tr	I	I her eyed curiously .
tr	I	The monumental speed with which Billy had hurled the ball would allow one no , no matter his or her quickness , to dodge it .
tr	O	She pushed me into a doorway ; heat emanated from inside it .
tr	O	a male voice called as I left the park .
tr	I	Colton shrugged him off and walked slowly , to unable take his eyes from the girl on the grass .
tr	O	Besides , their shared bathroom should have been condemned by the health department .
tr	O	I 'll be handing this in to the editor on Monday morning .
tr	I	He looked so and frustrated worn out at the same time .
tr	O	I led the way up three flights of stairs and down into the humanities stacks .
tr	I	He gave a me weary smile .
tr	O	She said yes because you 've been together for a whole month .
tr	O	Actually , it was his thing , I didn 't really get it .
tr	I	I force myself to knock down wall that again , the one I always try to first put up when people want to talk to me .
tr	O	Sunshine started to lunge at her , but Ash caught her and pulled her back .
tr	O	As he pushed the heavy thing toward the wall , Tessa cast a sidelong look at Jem .
tr	I	She nodded only and motioned for him to go .
tr	I	Now , he had his mother , but Nicola not .
tr	O	He 'd been too damn gullible , too certain his friend was everything he appeared to be .
tr	O	His need to protect his wife at any cost .
tr	O	His bare chest rose and fell , the motion almost labored , as if he struggled to get his lungs to work .
tr	O	It was then that I decided Ariana and her Dad - or the designer of the house - must be hippies of some type .
tr	O	When she talked about Him , it was with great love and affection .
tr	O	While you were sending me postcards from New York and London and Los Angeles , I was trying to save enough money to get my hair cut .
tr	O	When I graduated from high school , my dream was to go to Dartmouth to do my undergraduate studies .
tr	I	She 't didn mind admitting to it too .
tr	O	She waited until he had gone into his bedroom and closed the door .
tr	O	But the gun only clicked .
tr	O	She sighed with a sleepy , satisfied smile on her face .
tr	O	Then I feel the hot pulse of his climax , pouring into me .
tr	I	It would become a story about me being violent and some hitting poor innocent girl .
tr	I	And at least we hadn 't started choke to like Stanley Snr .
tr	I	The of passion the last battle was replaced by somber and silent contemplation .
tr	I	There was a hint of moistness salty on it .
tr	O	Joe tried to push past Cody again .
tr	O	The man never moved .
tr	I	I had wanted him for the past two years and had almost convinced that myself I didn 't .
tr	I	Have Liz work her magic and you find can out who he makes calls to and maybe even what 's being said .
tr	O	Why have you turned up like this and what is it you want from me ? '
tr	I	Right time in to be stranded on the side of the road in a blizzard .
tr	O	For an instant , the barest hint of time , he thought of running away with her .
tr	I	I 've no idea what that may be , I and 've no idea what we 'll do .
tr	O	Her breath grew ragged , but she pulled away nearly as soon as it did .
tr	O	He 's going to have a good idea of what happened here tonight .
tr	I	I didn 't know what say to at first .
tr	O	He knew how to text on a cell phone just as well - if not better than - the high school students knew how .
tr	I	Aidan draped himself across the couch me opposite .
tr	I	Whatever happened , would Taro not judge her .
tr	I	I kick out , my foot connecting with the nearest man 's gut , up high it where will knock all the air from his lungs .
tr	O	We never reported the confrontation with the Keeper or explained to Detective Mercer what happened to me in the Mist .
tr	O	He blinked and then stepped widely around her .
tr	O	It was three in the morning .
tr	O	We wait and watch .
tr	O	One of the things which did not seem quite to fit was what he had said about the hiding place .
tr	I	They had worked through its contents like a corn picker , taking the best and spitting out the stalks , the little stuff , later for on .
tr	O	I would rather have Selwyn as the leader .
tr	I	she her asked new companion .
tr	O	Outside in the fading light of the hay barn , Spike , Terri and Doc were huddled together trying to keep warm by the makeshift grave .
tr	I	Before , Dragon and I had only battled few a dozen .
tr	O	What did this have to do with Simon ?
tr	I	A hundred fifty yards and closing no and idea how off his scope was .
tr	O	This time , she wouldn 't wait for the court to resign from her .
tr	I	He had a smile self-satisfied .
tr	I	The female ´ s voice back comes on .
tr	O	I say as if I can 't possibly grasp any reason for why he doesn 't understand that .
tr	O	I 'd never walked in snow so deep that each step required you to expend the energy of a toddler climbing a staircase .
tr	O	She wasn 't actually sure she would have been able to get him to leave his brother otherwise .
tr	O	Then Mommy would be upset .
tr	O	Your father got me a complimentary membership .
tr	I	Whoever did this was smart either or very lucky .
tr	O	But I was not one of the shining court .
tr	O	She obviously doesn 't , because her eyes are averted and she looks like she 'd like to be anywhere but here .
tr	I	He his closed peephole .
tr	I	Collective I memories have out the wazoo .
tr	I	There no was escape .
tr	O	She looked a little winded as she plopped down in her now traditional spot on my left .
tr	O	She has to be here .
tr	I	She 's her in bra .
tr	I	He struggled to say something , but his tongue unnatural felt , swollen .
tr	O	Most looked green , nauseated , struggling to find their balance in this , their first experience at sea .
tr	I	That him made smile .
tr	I	Another reality buried in the dark corners of mind my .
tr	O	The loss of our family alone didn 't drive us together ; we were always close , even as children .
tr	O	He ´ s a gifted and well-crafted athlete .
tr	O	He wouldn 't miss this for the world .
tr	I	I was concerned for Guido since he was the lightest of all us .
tr	O	It wasn 't like he was particularly clean , she thought , inspecting a grubby trail tracing down Matt 's cheek to his neck .
tr	O	Leave it to Pia to hire the eye candy .
tr	O	Now I can wreak my revenge .
tr	I	Then there was a sound tiny I couldn 't interpret .
tr	I	I 't can today .
tr	O	We move together toward the house .
tr	I	Her body told truths that her mind could only begin imagine to .
tr	O	She was going to make it .
tr	O	He couldn 't scent anything specific about him , but rather all .
tr	I	She continued to whisper for some time , while Harald and grunted groaned , then as she finished he let out a long sigh .
tr	O	Was this guy for real ?
tr	O	As for my beliefs ... I 'm not sure .
tr	I	She began to shiver uncontrollably as the air cold conditioning hit her sweat soaked body .
tr	I	Kane : You me remind of her .
tr	O	She smiled and touched her own cheeks ; nothing seemed to be drooping .
tr	O	I am reluctant to drop my legs .
tr	I	Freda couldn 't remember when she got the first inkling that she might some have unusual insights .
tr	O	Gods have mercy on them both , for his father had been right all along .
tr	I	The children needed her , and involving herself in an affair with their guardian only would prove to be a foolish mistake .
tr	I	I around spin just in time to spot a tiny , nubby creature scurrying .
tr	O	How could he possibly be that fast ?
tr	I	I had for hoped reasonable cleaning .
tr	O	It was her ultimate act of defiance against society , against her father ... against everyone .
tr	I	Three other bouncers had meanwhile just converged on the scene .
tr	O	Before stepping outside , she pulled him back into her arms and kissed him until he was drawing her in closer to his body .
tr	I	She looked at me with daggers in eyes her .
tr	O	Selena 's look cleared up a bit .
tr	O	He said handing him over a rather old and simple mobile .
tr	O	After approximately six revolutions of the stair ; the air became damp and cold , but light started to creep into the stair well .
tr	O	I placed Paul in my sights .
tr	I	It went right the into interrogation room .
tr	I	Instead we kiss like that , frenzied fast and , bodies smashed together , but never quite going too far .
tr	O	Gabrielle had no doubt seen the press conference and was now standing on a ledge somewhere getting ready to jump .
tr	O	The fact that Fintan was your grandfather is no secret , either , since Niall found you and chose to honor you with his love and protection .
tr	I	Graham Liam gave a nod of thanks .
tr	O	Matt stood and gestured up the mountain .
tr	O	She didn 't even like the man .
tr	O	I cried out urgently .
tr	O	She smiled at him and the young man gave her a little wink .
tr	O	My eyes remained fixed on the crashing waves of the ocean , but I was thinking about the inside too .
tr	O	I moved here specifically for this , I told myself .
tr	O	Mr. Frame entered the room at that moment , and I was forgotten as he announced an impromptu Friday quiz .
tr	O	It was the Bitch .
tr	I	He fluttered his long lashes , doing his best to make me but believe failing .
tr	O	The wooden handle clattered to the floor .
tr	I	You ever hear about that guy back in the 's 90 ... he tried to integrate himself in with grizzly bears .
tr	O	Adam folded his arms and glared at him with disdain .
tr	I	It was accident an .
tr	O	Belle took a deep breath and wiped her hands on her red knit sweater dress .
tr	I	I walked back through the room with the candles and down the hallway where the dogs gone had .
tr	O	Ryder gave a low , angry growl as he remembered the day he was forced to leave Heroes United .
tr	I	Is this she how died ?
tr	O	Unsure as to why , the second call was a bit eerie for Sara which resulted in a phone call to her mother .
tr	O	' Yes , it is I. ' ' You are supposed to be safe ! ' '
tr	O	Smith grabbed one of her fries and popped it into his mouth .
tr	O	He ran his hand through her hair and smiled .
tr	O	I know he came back but then I think he left again .
tr	O	He grinned and turned to face out the windshield .
tr	I	Or perhaps , she thought , was it because everybody was excited to get to know the new people who had moved there .
tr	O	I screamed over the sound of the wind .
tr	O	He had no stomach for killing chickens and wearing shoes .
tr	I	Madeline held phone the outstretched .
tr	O	She wrapped her arms around herself but she didn 't feel warmer .
tr	I	I warned the him people in town would kill him if he started peeping around again !
tr	O	She reined him in .
tr	O	I can 't believe it ... I really can 't .
tr	O	Solos let out a low whistle as he stared at the dust and the scorched soil below .
tr	I	The first time she did not up wake in pain , the first time she could awaken and actually breathe easily again .
tr	I	She hitches her long behind bangs her ears .
tr	I	Feet , help out me here .
tr	O	He got up from his chair and walked over to me .
tr	I	She didn 't look at all convinced , now and Nathaniel was starting to worry .
tr	I	He drew himself up to full height , like a man who refused stop to fighting to love her .
tr	O	His gaze returned , heated , then went completely cold .
tr	O	At Brice , he sat at the same table everyday .
tr	O	He loathed admitting it , but it thrilled him to be in Celestino 's presence .
tr	I	I could feel them she when pressed against me .
tr	I	Adam was when sixteen she died , and I was thirteen .
tr	I	It also an had abundance of homeless .
tr	O	They ended up just above the ancient citadel .
tr	O	He took some money from the top drawer of his desk and took the bus to Bath .
tr	O	I fear a life that has no purpose .
tr	I	Forest green wallpaper covered the top half of wall the , melting into a boldly carved mahogany wainscoting .
tr	I	I on turn the light .
tr	O	You need to be careful around Nicholas .
tr	I	She could no go farther .
tr	I	Stitch and 's Bitch are no longer around .
tr	O	She and Noel retreated to the hot tub and shared a pitcher of lemonade .
tr	I	Sarah nods in face the of the truth .
tr	I	Anne-Marie with smiled sadness .
tr	O	The priest been on the opposite side of the palace from where the killing had occurred .
tr	I	In the silence , green a log popped and a smattering of sparks hissed back into the fire .
tr	O	Samuel pivoted in Vela 's direction .
tr	O	Perhaps the same force that moved Nausicaa .
tr	O	There was no choice .
tr	I	She stared at the soldier 's body again , this time with twinge a of fear .
tr	O	My parents ' voices murmured softly as they talked quietly among themselves in the front of the car .
tr	O	Julia 's mother wanted to be close to her baby 's babies .
tr	O	The three of us are thrown in and the door slams shut behind us , the lock clicks .
tr	I	He stared her past , unable to meet her eyes .
tr	O	The Norms were from the Scientific Field and were manufacturing the charcoal for medical purposes .
tr	O	She was about seventeen hands , a bit larger than the horses I 'd charged about on in the cavalry .
tr	I	I don even 't want to go to the dinner anymore .
tr	I	And that 's no one 's fault and nothing can you change .
tr	O	He had only been out of surgery a handful of hours .
tr	O	I nodded at the door I had broken into last night , the one leading to the backyard .
tr	O	I managed perfectly well in my own little home .
tr	O	She described them so accurately , even to the colours of the fabric in Abby 's shoe .
tr	O	Mike 's immediate response was more than satisfactory .
tr	O	Where are the Spades ?
tr	O	More than he wanted to take his next breath , he wanted to look at Danika , to reassure her , comfort her .
tr	O	For where does examination put us , if not in the balance of the mind ?
tr	O	Maybe she should start wearing a watch so she wouldn 't have to rely on her cell phone for the time .
tr	O	He 'd been awake for some time , listening to her gentle snores .
tr	O	It was not a celebration .
tr	O	Do Not Use Stairs If Burning .
tr	I	Something within her that knew all was not right .
tr	O	Gregori laced his fingers through hers , clamping her to his side .
tr	I	I keep my body clean -- why it pollute ?
tr	I	To survive , to and fulfill their destinies .
tr	I	Parsons was being unhelpful particularly .
tr	I	It will only be for the though night .
tr	O	Steam drifted around her .
tr	I	You have done me quite service a today .
tr	I	I was better feeling , but I still got tired all the time .
tr	O	They certainly needed to clear the air .
tr	I	There are castles around all there .
tr	I	Honest to God , if he didn 't know differently , watching her unabashed glee , he 'd swear she wolf was .
tr	I	It heart was wrenching .
tr	I	He looked down see to the kitten and the bird by his feet .
tr	O	Fortunately there was also a modern bathroom attached !
tr	I	He cool 's with it .
tr	O	Now I understand too : it wasn 't a bullet but a glass capsule .
tr	O	Ian slid his hands to the curve of her waist .
tr	O	Johnson started down the path .
tr	O	I never say much aloud unless it 's to my camera .
tr	I	It was a very enjoyable and awesome feeling ; it like was she would get an serotonin injection directly into her veins .
tr	I	When Atticus first started going to the bar he had barely said more than a few words to so her he was dubbed Mr. Quiet .
tr	O	Standing up , JC excused herself and was halfway across the room when she felt a hand on her arm .
tr	I	The caller was apparently source the of all his problems .
tr	O	They 've never been this coordinated in their actions .
tr	I	Thankfully , the knights that fought for him were only trying to half-heartedly attack him .
tr	O	I looked at her for what seemed a full minute , trying to judge if she was joking .
tr	I	Jenna could Boy feel 412 , 's constant shivering .
tr	O	I want them to be like demons today , I want them to make the enemy tremble in fear as they charge towards them .
tr	O	She raised her head .
tr	I	It felt kind disorienting of .
tr	O	He watched some black kids play a fierce game of basketball in a church parking lot .
tr	O	Not with a man as patient as Cain .
tr	I	Well now , can this , t be .
tr	O	He held me a few inches above him and raised his face , watching mine without kissing me .
tr	I	Her safety came first , however , he and would not change his mind .
tr	O	That first winter would be one they would remember forever .
tr	I	He bent over tie to his tennis shoes .
tr	I	They were ... parents my .
tr	O	Donovan yelled again and I took off in the direction of his voice .
tr	I	I listened for long a time .
tr	O	He couldn 't help but notice a La Salle Inn envelope behind the netting inside the top flap of her suitcase .
tr	I	She looked down him at .
tr	O	The flower dangled between her suddenly weak fingers .
tr	O	That was one thing that I couldn 't do .
tr	I	Don looked up and stopped in writing his little notebook .
tr	I	The smile fell her from face as she spoke to me and I wondered what had gotten her so upset .
tr	O	My first thought is that the demons are mounting an attack , but they don 't seem to be paying any attention to us .
tr	I	Gary stayed close to side her , worried as her face grew more pale by the moment .
tr	I	I played with cup the sleeve .
tr	O	A heavy hot gust of air hit my face .
tr	O	Hell , he 'd never even thought of it before .
tr	O	Then , after a moment 's thought , he nodded .
tr	I	This time , when she saw me coming , I she think was more surprised than when I walked up behind her the first time .
tr	O	The preamble stated that the government intended to introduce a law concerning moral courage .
tr	I	My had brain stopped processing information and fatigue over took my mind and before I knew it I fell asleep .
tr	I	The legal lesser members of the team let out gasps .
tr	O	At that moment , the deer suddenly cuts hard left into some thick brush , avoiding the swipe , and the tiger screeches to a halt .
tr	I	My brain in pinged alarm .
tr	I	Nope , but least at he knows it .
tr	I	When he didn 't answer , she the opened door , gasping at the mess she saw .
tr	I	I grabbed both and them poured into a shaker .
tr	I	She not was a seductress .
tr	O	Calliope was going to capture you and force you to be her partner .
tr	O	The wolf inside was still pissed .
tr	I	Her golden brown eyes widen as she up backs toward the door .
tr	I	Chapter Fourteen that Now I had free time , I wanted to go for a run .
tr	O	Detective Basso looked to me for confirmation .
tr	O	The officer lit up a cigarette before continuing .
tr	I	Who gave to them us ? '
tr	I	My anger had faded once I been 'd able to make a killer dress .
tr	I	Her mother , as overweight as a stuffed Christmas turkey , fanning stood herself with a paper tourist pamphlet .
tr	I	He hopped effortlessly of off the van and charged up a stairwell with his machete drawn .
tr	I	She propped her face with hands her and stared out the window .
tr	O	The advanced things that even we have today just wouldn 't last under that amount pressure and long of a timescale .
tr	O	While Brady was on his way to the airport the police detained his last companion and confiscated a briefcase .
tr	I	Because I didn 't even realize that she wasn 't in the rotunda with rest the of us .
tr	O	I made a mistake .
tr	I	Me : Tell him 'm I sorry .
tr	O	His forehead was lined when he looked back at me .
tr	I	They 'd only begun just .
tr	I	Sadly , his chase caught her attention more than the car ahead of her and she continued to into move the path of the oncoming car .
tr	O	He sees , He knows .
tr	I	Obviously , he some needed rest .
tr	I	They headed out to east the with the anticipation of knowing that they were only a day or so away from finally laying eyes on their homesteads .
tr	O	The Cane 's ears were laid flat back , and it bared its teeth in a vicious , silent snarl .
tr	O	Daniel 's sore ankle screamed at him as his foot landed .
tr	O	Jason didn 't think his brother smoked , so he couldn 't help but wonder why the man carried a lighter with him .
tr	I	I was about to give in flee and .
tr	I	So in the end he said nothing , just eased her down the onto pallet , his palm covering her entire shoulder .
tr	I	With a slight grin , Mark nodded agreement in while Mike and Jeff just stared in anticipation .
tr	I	Planning how it will sound and what it say will .
tr	I	They towed it back to camp and moved it into one of the unused larger storage sheds and closed the doors .
tr	I	His clothing was ripped , but his armor and his helm brightly gleamed , shining in a stray patch of sun .
tr	O	Surprisingly , instead of getting defensive or trying to explain himself , he chose to agree with me .
tr	I	They found me decided and to take me with them .
tr	O	His jaw clenched and I knew whatever Grant was saying was making him mad .
tr	O	Bryn broke up with my ass shortly after Tyler spilled the damn beans .
tr	I	She only hoped that she would know it she when saw it .
tr	I	Raffaele at smiles my expression .
tr	O	I whispered , my fear finally cresting .
tr	O	She raised her own eyebrows - two could play that game - as she spoke with supreme confidence .
tr	O	It 's like sour stew ... we serve it in a clay pot , with a plate of rice and a glass of iced tea .
tr	I	Zack and broke I up , I 'm moving on .
tr	I	The wolf made her safe feel .
tr	I	Before , could I hold on to the illusion that someday it would change .
tr	I	Heck , practically since I him saw on the first day my freshman year .
tr	O	His love for me was indescribable .
tr	O	The girl keeps her face blank .
tr	I	I hit the log again , and this time when it comes at me , I duck under it , on diving the gravel .
tr	O	She pasted an innocent look onto her face and I wanted to vomit .
tr	I	He pulled the Porsche over into a thicket of oaks on a bluff quite high above the deep into valley which the Land Rover had gone .
tr	I	Food in the cupboards and clothes in closets the .
tr	I	She yanked her hand back as if from a scalding of kettle water .
tr	O	Getting rid of Cynthia as the pest that Mickey viewed her to be , was essential to achieving the future where we were united and powerful .
tr	I	Then she on focused the popcorn .
tr	O	The love he had for his family and his desire to protect them were no match for the Lifeless .
tr	I	Cassie inquired , unable stop to herself .
tr	I	Dante shakes his blond bangs out of his eyes and the sun catches every glint of gold his in hair .
tr	I	True , but he wasn 't to going acknowledge it out loud .
tr	I	Being left out of the loop bad was for business .
tr	O	She should say no .
tr	I	He appeared actually proud of her .
tr	O	I 'm guessing he 's not .
tr	O	I 've written the directions on the front .
tr	O	Part of me realized I should have taken Zayne up on his offer to run with him .
tr	I	But now sensed he danger .
tr	O	Finally Rhea and Tanner walk in with a bag of ice in each of their hands .
tr	I	I it say again .
tr	O	If only his worries were about the quality of his salad .
tr	I	Adam Pierce was too well known , and this place was public too .
tr	I	I got out of the car because you didn respond 't to my text !
tr	I	They continued it through towards the dining area .
tr	O	Before he could blink , the girl did several backflips while the blade remained still in the air .
tr	O	No more lying to herself .
tr	I	You can arrange to have the painting on loan permanent but you can 't sell it . '
tr	O	She shouted with joy , then held on more tightly to Michael as her shout bounced them together .
tr	O	She wasn 't fooled .
tr	O	I can 't remember her name exactly .
tr	O	What had her so wound up ?
tr	I	Was in he trouble ?
tr	O	She circled his waist beneath the blazer .
tr	O	I dropped the stone into my pocket .
tr	O	I touch my phone , reminding myself where it is .
tr	I	Was that plan the then ?
tr	I	But that would make Aris version their of Teresa .
tr	O	The pain in my side was throbbing , reminding me of that horrific night .
tr	I	A clanging on the bars steel roused both of them from their slumber .
tr	O	Her fey blood demanded that she occasionally escape the confines of the city and surround herself with nature .
tr	O	A loud snarl , and a vicious curse , snapped Devon 's head around .
tr	I	Chapter Eight The street is reasonably quiet considering the sheer of size the horde we have just fought off .
tr	O	Before I can get up , he dives onto me and begins wrapping his hands around my throat .
tr	O	He also enjoyed the peaceful atmosphere and most of all the quiet .
tr	I	She released a long sigh , stepped back and looked at the burned mark the on floor , then up at her husband .
tr	I	Maybe there still could be a happily ever after .
tr	O	I didn 't know much about him , but he knew things about me and wouldn 't tell me why .
tr	O	She hung up the phone and turned back around .
tr	I	I don 't know how to respond her to but Victoria 's mom , Barbara now stands next to Brianna .
tr	I	He hung up his coat , greeted me and the with cat equal enthusiasm , and walked down the hall to change out of his work clothes .
tr	O	Shane asked wearily , and let his head fall back against the wall as he shut his eyes .
tr	I	With a surge of relief Simone noted the elderly woman was who waving at her in an imperious manner .
tr	I	I hadn 't thought bring to anything with me this morning .
tr	I	There was no mistaking the menace in his as voice he stepped closer to the main tormentor .
tr	I	My wrist and forearm were soaked red and felt as if I 'd just stuck arm my into a meat grinder .
tr	I	This group was armed and was made up of mainly pissed adults off .
tr	I	I figure there 's no hurry ; the 's fire not going to light , anyway .
tr	O	She was actually looking forward to spending the day with Rico .
tr	I	I took breath a .
tr	O	Sarah was so like Elizabeth , and yet she was also her own woman .
tr	O	She had to get out of here .
tr	O	I saw a report via message through the Syndicate that you were permanently dispatched .
tr	I	He patted the in harmonica his front pocket .
tr	I	I bit my lip , realizing was he right .
tr	O	Little Michael , who had taken a real liking to Nicolas , was with them .
tr	I	She suppressed smile a and turned her attention to Ruth Ellen .
tr	O	He called across the barn .
tr	I	His parents hated another one .
tr	I	Before Boone or Delilah could answer Katia , she heard before she saw a newest installment to the night excitement 's .
tr	I	If they didn 't find her immediately , their jobs and heads their were on a chopping block .
tr	O	They 're young criminals .
tr	O	You can 't be eaten !
tr	I	What 's on going ?
tr	I	I couldn 't escape , even while these two caught were in battle with one another .
tr	I	The fluttering same in the stomach , the same restlessness , the yawning .
tr	I	As it was , I 'd too waited long to do this .
tr	I	He turned to back the window .
tr	O	Anna shifted and glanced behind them , Nate did the same .
tr	O	' God has spoken through The Perfection .
tr	I	Ty sat back and both ran hands over his face .
tr	O	She 's the reason why he committed his life to hunting .
tr	I	By the gods , did Myka have a tracker him on or something ?
tr	I	He wearing was braces and a striped shirt with the sleeves rolled up .
tr	I	It was Hazel , 's Chase mother .
tr	I	* * * Charlie glared at her .
tr	O	You 've obviously discovered my little gift .
tr	I	Soon he was pulling his car to the front , and he quickly went around to help Suzy into passenger the seat .
tr	O	All that part of the town went almost at once .
tr	I	I can 't let this go on much for longer .
tr	I	Jackson could feel the fur receding into his skin his and hands tingled as they returned to their human form .
tr	O	His grin was infectious ; his adoration for the baby so obvious , it tore at Sloane 's heart .
tr	I	Bay doors open are , but there 's an atmosphere .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure I was capable of blocking my mind well enough to her keep out of my true thoughts .
tr	I	Tonight she some needed sleep .
tr	I	Ignoring trails , Hugo bulldozed his own path through and undergrowth tangled limbs .
tr	I	He his rounded desk and shrugged out of his coat .
tr	O	Visitors rented them to ride around the island .
tr	I	As he too slowed down when the chute leveled out , Boy 412 's brain to began work again .
tr	I	She went the to window and peered out .
tr	I	He listlessly thought of those olden times in France when he had played with their kind .
tr	I	She going was mad .
tr	O	Then Marty 's expression grew serious , and he leaned into Marcus ' ear .
tr	I	I put would an end to everything now , without delay .
tr	I	She took a step toward the door , but was there no way he was going to let her go after that revelation without an explanation .
tr	O	He cleared his throat again .
tr	O	' Think about it for a moment .
tr	O	She looked to Lucien and Leah .
tr	O	It was only because Nanna had convinced them that it was better for the both of us .
tr	I	The display lit up , I and instantly tensed .
tr	O	Then , I can lead you away .
tr	O	She 'd thought her life was ruined by The Slaughter , and that nothing worse could have happened .
tr	O	I scoot down by her and keep my knees up , resting my elbows on them .
tr	O	Tabitha opened her mouth , her mind frantically working to come up with a plausible explanation .
tr	I	Dee her swiped wrist under her nose .
tr	O	I realized I needed the reassurance just as much as he seemed to .
tr	O	She rushes over to the scanner , presses a couple of buttons , then the conveyer belts rushes me out of the tube .
tr	I	Reuben felt small and and cold miserable .
tr	O	The back of his head bounced off the ground and his vision went black .
tr	I	She lit without one offering one to him .
tr	I	She forced the word through teeth so clenched tightly she could probably bend metal with her molars .
tr	O	I didn 't see a server or anything like a food bar .
tr	O	Hughes asked as the two men began walking into the thick of trees .
tr	I	He been 'd married to her for twenty-five years , after all .
tr	O	' But that 's nonsense .
tr	O	What 's wrong with me ?
tr	O	Louisa put her fork down .
tr	I	It was the new policeman , Officer ... there his was nametag , McClanahan .
tr	O	Those words weren 't Seth 's , but this was the end .
tr	O	As they dismounted , one of the valets from the First Senatorial emerged from the house and hurried to take the reins of their horses .
tr	I	Jake had gone not to her funeral .
tr	I	Gage through drifts my mind like a ghost .
tr	O	By mid-morning they were halfway to the front porch .
tr	O	he muttered under his breath .
tr	O	The heat in his eyes set Abby aflame .
tr	O	Rocky crags replaced them , and I hugged my jacket tighter about me , clapping my hands .
tr	I	Ella stopped and looked her into husband 's face and smiled .
tr	I	But he 't couldn move fast enough .
tr	O	I guessed it meant that it was half past five -- nearly time for the auction .
tr	O	I don 't think it 's safe to try and talk to anyone from here on .
tr	I	I told him not to show up again until was she done with him .
tr	I	A savage truly look sharpened Patch 's features .
tr	O	The chronometer on my wrist changed that .
tr	I	And out scared of my wits .
tr	O	Her smile was sad .
tr	I	His ears turned stones to .
tr	I	It didn 't seem possible that you could ... you would , my return love .
tr	O	This is the only way to keep from suffocating .
tr	I	She nodded , into reaching her pocket and pulling out her keys .
tr	O	I 'm losing track of things since Dad went into the hospital .
tr	O	Holding on to her friend , feeling the other woman 's tremors wracking through her own body , Kayla watched helplessly as Colleen continued CPR .
tr	I	Her life before meeting Sir Marcus may have been boring , at but least it was safe .
tr	I	Renewing the stamp depends on receiving my your cooperation .
tr	I	I tried to not laugh at her and say I am Zac Zombie , Slayer of the undead .
tr	I	Sorcha gathered up Teagan , and her baby tight held , whispered in her ear .
tr	I	Nicole blinked with quickly shock .
tr	I	Maybe the crews rescue were on their way .
tr	I	she asked , aloud to him and to the radio speaker , and as went she to the bathroom door : ' Come on you two ! '
tr	O	chapter seventeen I gaze at the amazing piece we 've painted together .
tr	I	Their ride sank out view of .
tr	O	If he 's comfortable , he 's more likely to remember .
tr	O	And when that inner flood came , it saturated the room with bright light that shot out from her entire body .
tr	I	But you you said wanted to help me .
tr	O	For some reason the blood was rushing to his head and making his face flush .
tr	O	Sean holds up a can of ether and walks to the front of the car .
tr	I	Markman his folded arms and waited .
tr	I	My brain , which has been so unfocused days these , is now firing on all cylinders .
tr	O	It was like getting him back .
tr	O	A chilled bottle of Chilean Pinot Grigio was left to breathe before she poured it into their glasses .
tr	I	He wanted advantage the of surprise should he ever need it .
tr	I	Even a full classroom her tested limits .
tr	O	It was an eyesore and the city would be pleased to approve a change in the zoning to allow for a highrise building .
tr	O	His eyes were hot and dry and furious .
tr	I	If we the call man Jack , we lose the boy .
tr	O	He threw the letter down .
tr	I	She regained composure her .
tr	O	Yesterday morning he showed up in painting clothes with roller and brushes in hand .
tr	I	Don know 't what 's got into you Martin , I really don 't . '
tr	I	I heard the television come on in next the room .
tr	O	Sierra didn 't notice the applause from the crowd , or the tears in her new family 's eyes .
tr	I	First , had Jillian been murdered , then Clementine and her crew had taken everyone hostage , and now this .
tr	O	I couldn 't stand to see him so unhappy .
tr	I	If was it so important , I wondered why he didn 't call my cell .
tr	O	He couldn 't afford to lose control of their trinity .
tr	I	Jake 's face flushes red and he balls his at fists his side .
tr	I	The front passenger seat is , was , also a student there .
tr	I	Walker signed the and paper handed it back as the elevator came to a stop .
tr	I	A narrow door swung from away me and the smell of stale sweat and sex poured out .
tr	I	I 'd spent my time riding and horses helping my aunt deal with the death of my uncle .
tr	O	She would have never stayed at Danny 's for so much as one night if she 'd thought for a second Kent would come near the boys .
tr	I	He 'd aimed it at the wrong person but that didn 't mean he wasn 't to entitled those feelings .
tr	O	' Please don 't go !
tr	I	He couldn 't see it who was , so he crept closer to have a better look .
tr	I	Grip with knees your .
tr	I	He between looked the two .
tr	O	He tugged at her .
tr	O	It also read that he lived in Colorado Springs , which was not too far from here .
tr	O	The corner of his mouth twitched into the sexiest damn smile I 'd ever seen .
tr	O	That must have had something to do with it .
tr	O	I take a seat by the window .
tr	O	When he bent down again , they kissed .
tr	O	( I think . )
tr	I	I just 'm leaving a few hours earlier .
tr	O	While Sylvia searched through a stack of CD cases , the blonde stepped up to Rue 's side .
tr	O	The effort took no time at all .
tr	O	So we do things to let them know people are frustrated with their treatment .
tr	O	The main lift to first deck had direct access to navigation , yet I rarely saw anyone ascend from it .
tr	I	She paused to shove the at heavy casing above Paige 's dresser .
tr	I	It 's the behavior that from emerges the code .
tr	O	He checked in with Nella and got a strong voice in response , which eased one fear of failure at least .
tr	I	I wanted her know to that I was listening to every heartbreaking word she spoke .
tr	I	That tiny voice of whispered doubt at her not to get too used to it , but she brushed it aside .
tr	O	She balanced carefully , not used to the four inch heels that were already making her feet ache .
tr	O	But I don 't mind .
tr	I	I lose war my .
tr	I	He was truthful being .
tr	O	As she turned the corner into the hall she heard a door click shut .
tr	O	The spot where the one sheep had been attacked was still evident but it didn 't seem to bother the flock .
tr	I	The hospital atmosphere was bleaching the life from body my .
tr	I	No how matter much you use it , it will always be sharp .
tr	O	The rage of angels gave her blue eyes a golden tinge .
tr	I	I didn 't like wash to it every single day .
tr	O	I will be strong enough .
tr	O	Because they disappeared a few seconds after the rock hit the water .
tr	I	It Joe 's I 'm worried about .
tr	O	Masterson continued to hobble along , but he glanced over to Gray .
tr	I	Then footsteps pounded down the hall and a cop poked his head into bathroom the .
tr	I	Her innocence or guilt was to irrelevant their relationship .
tr	O	Why did those bastards keep doing this to him ?
tr	O	' No , ' Roach said .
tr	I	I force my into fingernails my palms .
tr	O	The last surprise had been the worst in Sadie 's opinion .
tr	I	Also , I am confused as to why is she here , watching me .
tr	I	It took an him extra second to collect himself .
tr	I	The front door was open and screen the unlatched when Susannah approached .
tr	I	He consulted the android and confirmed that it would be possible to quickly a calculate voyage that would send the entire fleet back in time .
tr	I	Yes , the Dead Gods were the cause of it all , they and would pay for what they have done .
tr	O	Once they were driving out of the gate and down the highway , Zo revealed her plan .
tr	I	He looked at down his shoes .
tr	O	I was disappointed when the drain was pulled and a big white cotton towel was held up for me .
tr	I	I was afraid ask to what it was that was made easier if he could hate me .
tr	O	And then I finally heard it rising above the white noise : low whispers ... and a woman 's laughter .
tr	O	I was devastated when she disappeared .
tr	O	This is the blade with which the Angel drove Adam and Eve out of the garden .
tr	O	The Angel who created us will not aid us , and we are alone .
tr	O	It was as if the bullet had been fired from a rifle on a tripod rather than a handgun with a kick that could kill .
tr	O	Sun Good slid open the glass doors and looked outside .
tr	I	What do I really have to afraid be of ?
tr	I	Did I to want leave or not ?
tr	I	They found them in 's Beth gloved hand .
tr	O	If not for the love she felt for her best friend , she probably would 've resented the fact that Joe preferred her .
tr	I	And on top of that the boys were not even about concerned them being stuck here !
tr	I	Journalists just were as accurate as professors .
tr	O	I shouldn 't be standing in a Scooby Doo episode because I 'm supposed to be in London having an uncomfortable dinner with my father right now .
tr	I	She was waiting for him the in lobby .
tr	I	The impressive arrangement glistened like the in fire her eyes , but could not match the flow of hot tears of joy flooding down her face .
tr	I	He continued , then to turned address the colonizer .
tr	O	The roof of the car collapsed under the impact and the windows all blew out .
tr	O	He stared down at her .
tr	I	She shivered , a full body shake that her made gasp .
tr	I	The sound of his tongue foreign whispering to me softly ... Maybe it hadn 't meant anything .
tr	O	My dad sure as hell wouldn 't pay for my lawyer .
tr	O	The blows came hard and often with hardly any time in between .
tr	I	' Is she ... attractive pretty ... big ... slight ... tall ... short ... ? '
tr	I	I didn 't know what say to to him , but he seemed to know what I needed .
tr	O	Yep , she was so perfect , she was downright dangerous .
tr	O	He unearths a black bag and pulls out a shirt , tossing it to me .
tr	I	My father stood in the foyer in a crisp tuxedo , a large set rolled of papers in his hands .
tr	O	Hell I even miss walking in on MacKenzie and Hunter having sex .
tr	O	' Is it possible for someone to become immortal ? '
tr	I	No one in her life had been able to do for that her .
tr	O	Not overdeveloped like the builders at home .
tr	O	Dad calling me the best brother in the world , saying I 'd take better care of Art than they could .
tr	O	So what if his help came with a price tag ?
tr	I	She could not been have more mistaken .
tr	O	It was a shame it got so bloody and filthy , I had plans to run my knife through it .
tr	I	That , coupled with the long talk she 'd had with Rose the night before , had the sealed deal .
tr	I	' Wait , ' he pleaded , ' can 't you just be little a more lenient , I came all this way after all .
tr	I	I slid my hand down , wanting to feel his firm body and noticed he that still had an erection .
tr	I	She 'd just have to ... listen and hope he hadn 't come to tell her he was leaving again as soon as he was able .
tr	O	Of course that doesn 't mean a thing as he might have changed his clothes before he was arrested . '
tr	I	Victoria continued to attack the in hopes of attracting fire in her direction .
tr	I	She looked pleased , but I couldn tell 't for sure .
tr	O	Like many ancient vampires , Valerie had conveniently forgotten that she had once been mortal herself .
tr	I	It was his to job see to the needs of the personnel and the requests and complaints of the civilians .
tr	O	She looked at Jasmine , who was wrapped tightly in Derek 's arms .
tr	I	Grace didn 't miss the slight of shake his hand .
tr	O	I felt him nod against my head and I continued .
tr	O	It had been fun .
tr	O	Parker and Faye 's mouths dropped as they watched .
tr	I	She would have found this one , the one crucial , much sooner .
tr	O	His hair was longer than I remembered .
tr	O	Women 's fashions were a sore point with her .
tr	I	Eddie was still watching Micah and Jill , so it took him a to moment pick up on my meaning .
tr	I	It took me a moment to realize that was he right .
tr	I	He carried ceremonial a staff .
tr	I	Sex is only going to make worse this .
tr	I	Now they were at northern the end of the courtyard .
tr	O	His throat was pale in the moonlight and his hair was black against the sand .
tr	O	Whatever happens out there now is their business .
tr	O	And he - he could do nothing .
tr	O	But students rarely asked about family .
tr	O	Mercer was running toward them in the lobby .
tr	O	In that moment Verity knew she never wanted to let go of Jonas Quarrel .
tr	I	The took bard it wordlessly .
tr	I	And she knew the consequences failure of .
tr	I	But yesterday , I just 't don know what came over me .
tr	I	You wanted to me go out there and explore my options .
tr	O	Hart 's usual shouting growl broke free .
tr	O	He didn 't want to go through the process of hiring someone new , since there was always a risk the new employee wouldn 't work out .
tr	I	He was home soon and he tapped gently on the door .
tr	I	Once they 'd finished , clothes changed and walked outside , Alix pulled out the pack of cigarettes and lit one up .
tr	I	Laurel refused again with a shake of head her .
tr	O	Racing against the clock , holding death in the left hand and life in the right , nobody could really tell which way it would go .
tr	O	My intention is to present the material in such a way that people will enjoy reading it .
tr	I	Steam rose from filled the bath , and the scent of roses drifted to her nose .
tr	O	I yelled , easing up on the gas .
tr	I	Laughter floated from the as rink they moved toward it .
tr	O	When the phone buzzed again , she wanted to fling it across the park .
tr	O	' Do it Billy , ' she said , climbing into the back with Ryan .
tr	O	He spoke to them harshly in Turkish .
tr	I	Lukas looked through it and got it locked onto the building and down pushed a button on the top .
tr	O	I nodded and shifted until I found a comfortable position .
tr	I	The stranger suddenly looked shocked , as if he had something forgotten .
tr	I	Meanwhile , my eyes searching were for an exit sign .
tr	I	A couple got out , popped the trunk , and out hauled luggage .
tr	I	We to try be smart about where we put our faith .
tr	O	He looks hopeful as though I might somehow decide to replicate what 's going on in the car behind him .
tr	O	Allie found Mikey a street away , stomping on a huge lawn , watching the ripples it created in the living world .
tr	O	That 's when I got to see the Will .
tr	I	She followed the voice and she awakened was .
tr	O	Mary Miller 's father would continue to look after the cultivation of the land so everything was taken care of .
tr	I	Her pride felt had a terrible knife-edge .
tr	I	Red and gold threads still clung to the bones of Jocelyn 's mother , and the heat had her melted father 's dagger to his skeletal hand .
tr	O	He looked at me and I felt my stomach drop at the things I saw in his eyes : sadness , resignation .
tr	O	And even rarer were the young debutantes who were allowed to partake in the scandalous moves .
tr	I	Sheree joined him on the sidewalk , waited while got he his suitcase out of the trunk .
tr	I	I 'm surprised a and little alarmed when I peek into Mint 's stall and see her lying down .
tr	I	Except Jayne 't wasn like his parents .
tr	I	If he could touch now her , Jonas knew , he stood a chance of escaping the compulsion of the rapier .
tr	O	Sam hadn 't meant to insult me when he said my voice wasn 't strong , and he hadn 't .
tr	O	He cleared his throat .
tr	I	How had this gotten interview away from me ?
tr	I	Won 't about think that .
tr	I	Leah shoved it again , and they gained a feet few .
tr	I	When they exited the supermarket , she Colin followed to their vehicle , where he loaded their purchases .
tr	I	Her mother 's request included at least six or seven dolls different .
tr	O	she angrily asked in Japanese .
tr	I	' Ah , 'd he disagree , ' Raphael said .
tr	O	Which is why when she leaned into the mike and introduced her next song , I was so incredibly surprised .
tr	O	Her hand reached out toward something on the floor just as another scream sounded from a room at the end of the hall .
tr	O	Kim had to be smarter than this .
tr	I	In one night she had gone from merely wanting one man to absolutely another requiring .
tr	O	He hates the big boss .
tr	O	She smiled and licked her lips .
tr	O	I printed out the hotel confirmation e-mails as hard copies become handy at times .
tr	I	Obviously , it was painful something .
tr	I	Collectively known as kinsmen , these exceptional beings gave rise to dozen several families , which now form the financial elite of the colonized planets .
tr	I	The man disappeared into one of the other rooms , but Daniel didn care 't to see what he was up to .
tr	O	Now I 'm just in shock .
tr	O	I bet he does .
tr	I	I the was one planning on lying and scheming my way to the top this summer .
tr	I	These days , I rarely go anywhere it without .
tr	O	They followed her through the twists and turns of corridors , barely taking note of their wanderings .
tr	I	As if he knew what I was thinking , he turned toward me , the heat in his eyes hotter any than fire .
tr	I	Annie hadn 't sure been about attending the fundraiser again this year .
tr	O	Whatever he had in mind , she was sure she wouldn 't like it .
tr	O	There could be any number of people .
tr	I	I deflected , not wanting to listen to 's Tamsin opinions of my friends .
tr	I	Edward was there and alone Jacob headed toward him .
tr	I	' So the has arrow to go a bit further , doesn 't it , to where the tortoise is now .
tr	I	The dark circles around them have done very little damage , I wouldn 't have noticed them if wasn I 't really looking .
tr	I	I a took deep breath .
tr	I	Jared swung leg his over his bike and retrieved a couple of grocery bags from the leather pouches hanging on each side of the long seat .
tr	O	I took a step back .
tr	I	The letterbox is open and I can just make out a face little looking back at me .
tr	O	They sat without further conversation , with only his tapping and the clunk of each oyster hitting its respective bucket to break the silence .
tr	O	It looked almost ordinary , but she 'd seen these coats before .
tr	I	Mariah didn 't look at him , he but felt , oddly , as if she were disappointed .
tr	I	She over mulled the different scenarios .
tr	O	The factory was in an old three-story building that had once been a brewery .
tr	O	Ezra pulled his hands away from hers and balled them in his lap .
tr	I	Anyway he 's in his cabin , probably counting money his .
tr	I	She couldn 't explain why she thought the man or his house looked familiar , so she decided it be would best if she went home .
tr	O	Clint slapped his hand hard over the boy 's mouth to keep him quiet .
tr	O	In the spring thaw , the roads were treacherous .
tr	O	We walked toward a wide staircase and descended it .
tr	I	I was being smothered , as if all oxygen had suddenly evaporated the from air .
tr	O	I knew I was in trouble when she decided that flying seven hundred feet over the Atlantic would be the best medicine .
tr	I	Now I have go to to work .
tr	I	She is with playing me .
tr	O	She wore a loosely buttoned shirt and a waistcoat that clung tightly to her busty figure .
tr	O	But I seriously doubted it .
tr	O	She was reported to be the best brood mare in the territory , and the general -- or whatever he was -- loved flashy color .
tr	O	But perhaps Father de la Croix is correct , and we 've witnessed a miracle of creation .
tr	I	It gave her aroma an of licentiousness , and she adored that .
tr	I	Instead , Jake Gates just walked the in front door of the house he had never been inside before .
tr	I	Annie 's fingers were and primed ready as she held her cell phone .
tr	I	Tabitha laughed , a proper laugh neither full of hatred or insanity but instead full the of memory of whatever Jacob was talking about .
tr	O	She lifted her foot to slow at the couple driveways she reached , but neither seemed to mean anything so she went on .
tr	O	Precise lightning strikes knocked out electric power all over the city .
tr	O	There was no such thing as magic .
tr	I	The did leader understand .
tr	I	The wedding was one at .
tr	I	The who pilots picked us up never removed their headgear .
tr	I	I turned to and them lost myself there .
tr	I	She stayed for there the night , even though it was not the address on her license .
tr	I	Polonius in grinned return .
tr	I	Could she contact the media it about ?
tr	O	The conformity to death had not stirred sudden chaos in him but a smooth attention to his last moments .
tr	O	Plus , I had no connections with the publishers there .
tr	I	Burnett adjusted weight his in the chair again .
tr	O	They wouldn 't let their emotions get in the way .
tr	O	Then suddenly the clicking heel headed off down the hall .
tr	I	The bond between them as was exciting as it was scary .
tr	I	If he against stood him now , it wouldn 't be just his career that suffered but his family 's future .
tr	O	It didn 't help .
tr	I	No word of her or family her .
tr	O	She could be a bit of a bull herself .
tr	O	Matthew Baker was a 40-year-old Baptist who kept himself busy visiting hospitals and prisons , and passing out tracts on the streets .
tr	O	Men grabbed them and hoisted them over the railing .
tr	O	I haven 't been able to concentrate for days .
tr	I	She her bit lip .
tr	O	He was moving toward the door again .
tr	O	I still smile to myself when I think about his face when I accused him of that .
tr	I	But his cruel got words the job done .
tr	I	She laid hand one on her distended stomach .
tr	O	We 'll find a way to contact your mom .
tr	I	She 'd never a owned car .
tr	I	In spite of what happened , Caitlin looked up at her and superior spit in her face .
tr	I	Tanner shouldn 't have the power to tweak feelings hadn she 't realized could still be pinched by a careless comment .
tr	I	And the at very centre of his maelstrom was a fragile , young flower he had no idea how to care for .
tr	I	Mr was Malone kindly .
tr	O	Why was he making such a fuss about a single blotted word ?
tr	I	I could have pulled a blaster on the myself crowd .
tr	O	he yelled , with not a hint of joy at seeing him .
tr	I	I guess Ella isn 't the only one jumpy from the in battle New Mexico .
tr	I	He checked out me appreciatively , and I liked it .
tr	I	What was he at driving ?
tr	I	Then he leaned over to her kiss temple , leaving his lips there a long moment .
tr	O	Likewise , it was clear that the senior McClellan was grooming his namesake for just such a scenario .
tr	O	He looked over at Chief Waltrip .
tr	O	She also seemed to enjoy the silly dares the actives made up .
tr	I	When she rose from her seat and approached his table , Voss watched in and surprise hope .
tr	I	Eyes wide open ; face frozen the in mask of death .
tr	I	Someone who didn 't need really the money or the break .
tr	O	She touched a few buttons on the pad 's screen before continuing .
tr	I	I been 've staring at the woodstove all this time and I didn 't notice the fire go out .
tr	O	What was the point of fighting so hard to remain alive , unless he truly had something to live for ?
tr	O	Along with every other dramaturg I 'd ever met , I dreamed of the day I discovered America 's best and brightest new playwright .
tr	O	This is very important in your dealings with people .
tr	I	He glanced down at his erection throbbing .
tr	O	Alec felt Eve shiver .
tr	O	Cassidy 's Collar went off , but she held the man pinned in place .
tr	O	Now , however , he was somewhere else .
tr	O	First was that she actually needed to pee , and she hoped there was a ladies room nearby .
tr	O	She wanted to turn around and run .
tr	O	This is definitely not a normal enclave .
tr	I	We both settle into waiting by lockers the and looking for Tam .
tr	O	Yet she had the worst of it , he thought .
tr	O	The two of you would make an unbeatable team of burglars .
tr	I	Clary had already glanced up at the shattered of windows the higher floors .
tr	I	Coming to a halt , the vampire a offered small dip of his head .
tr	O	She took one more look at the phone .
tr	I	He had placed all his rounds through the precise center of the target , in a ragged hole man a could put his thumb through .
tr	O	-- was as unlike my idea of Carmen as it was possible to be .
tr	I	It seemed like really it wanted to go into the toilet instead of his intestines .
tr	O	Randy turned and glanced back toward the house .
tr	O	My head feels like it is about to explode .
tr	I	Let me you help with your coat ; I 'll not keep you long .
tr	I	He looked down and stared at the tips of shoes his .
tr	I	Just then they heard sound the of a motor turning over from outside the barn .
tr	O	Someone in the room cursed as I crouched , kicking off the floor .
tr	I	And it 's filled with hundred a different pictures of me .
tr	O	We went to the driveway and I got into the driver 's seat of Nick 's car .
tr	O	I pray for him to find his way because I know he 's lost like all the other ghosts I know , have known .
tr	O	Tuck handed them the gun and they escorted the man to some place within the hospital for the police to pick up .
tr	I	For one thing , he seemed be to distinctly lacking in social skills .
tr	O	She might not have made it across the room without it .
tr	O	More conversation about drugging the women and using them as bait later if necessary .
tr	O	The wolf was in front of him .
tr	O	She had stood beside her Chief and handed him the paper .
tr	I	Then I couldn help 't grinning in relief .
tr	I	He kissed 's Lora troubled lips .
tr	I	He picked up his digital camera , clicked on a couple of photos , then handed it me to .
tr	I	That was more than she was really in favor of , but she supposed she live could with it .
tr	I	She without drank lifting her head from the hay .
tr	I	- Some people maintain that the Shroud is the real Grail for which crusades were launched and fought battles .
tr	O	Why would Jiao say something like that ?
tr	I	Even girls the had to stare , including me .
tr	O	Cara looked a little lost .
tr	O	She wanted to know where he was , if he was all right .
tr	I	This was both and Blue Calla in unison .
tr	I	In any case it hisses and darts out its claws in a sure quick motion , scratching Marie 's outstretched hand .
tr	O	As an answer , Aileen showed a recording that displayed how two bombs fell to the planet .
tr	I	She looked over her shoulder at and me blushed , quickly looking away .
tr	I	The flashed light again and I laughed .
tr	I	One of his men is regaining consciousness is and attempting to stand .
tr	O	It 's not like I can really afford to unload so much for land right now anyway .
tr	O	The second shot left a horrendous buzzing in Sebastian 's ears , drowning out Olivia 's sobbing .
tr	O	He lifted it high , ready to hack at the dog .
tr	I	But he weep did .
tr	O	Internet access is tricky at sea .
tr	O	Chapter Twenty-four Emma awoke with a headache .
tr	O	You also have calls from several ambulance chasing lawyers and four different private security firms offering their services , most likely for exorbitant fees .
tr	I	I wasn 't in the mood for another of my mother 's efforts to shed remorse her about deserting me on a major holiday .
tr	O	He kissed me on the cheek and hugged his parents .
tr	O	She might very well be going on about something , but all I hear is the equivalent of a power mower .
tr	I	Soon , he was moving frantically , his breathing panicked gasps in ear her , his hands hot and damp on her shoulders .
tr	I	Kaitlyn leaped off the bed stand to beside Zack .
tr	I	Her 's mom frown was replaced by a smile .
tr	I	He set them aside without looking them at .
tr	I	It was as if this thing unholy was the epicentre of the snowstorm .
tr	I	I reach up and hug her and she me hugs back .
tr	I	The chocolate was bittersweet on her tongue , but nowhere near as tempting as the feel her of in his arms .
tr	I	I threw my phone in the backseat , but something caught my attention , so I picked up it .
tr	O	I 'd left my shoes in the car so I could feel the sand beneath my feet .
tr	I	Juvenile detention was not for meek the .
tr	I	She reached out grab to the paper , but Cain held it away from her .
tr	O	I took it down and read the few lines scrawled in his beautiful , scrolled penmanship .
tr	I	So he was joking , that was relief a .
tr	I	Upstairs , Julie closed the door to the master bedroom , stepped over to the wide window that overlooked acres the of neatly tended grape vines .
tr	I	He laid her down covered and her as tenderly as he 'd used to with Daniel , when the lad had been a boy in a cot .
tr	I	He once lived next the to East Chicago Avenue police station and could pick out Dan Coughlin by sight .
tr	O	I grabbed Dee 's hand and pulled her up the stairs , going sideways so I could keep watching Eleanor .
tr	O	He cracked that smile that she was so fond of , and she tried not to compare it to Brady 's .
tr	I	Reverend Dobson cared more about people than or money property .
tr	O	But Verity had already found the hidden mechanism that unlocked the entrance to the passageway .
tr	I	This had be to good .
tr	I	Ashley her rolled eyes .
tr	O	And before she could answer him Jesse extended the palm of his right hand , outwards and upwards .
tr	O	Cassandra felt a tear roll out from the corner of her right eye .
tr	I	But before I could trot out my excuse , Noah was standing up my ignoring question .
tr	I	I got to the and edge glanced at the street down below .
tr	I	Called out the other guy the on roof .
tr	O	He doesn 't realize it , but he will be taking the life of his own flesh and blood that has yet to walk upon this Earth .
tr	I	I have seen him maybe a dozen times before I moved here and why wondered he had a sudden change in heart and wanted me close .
tr	O	Ned interrupted before they could break into an all-out argument .
tr	I	The starter groaned and but whirred the engine wouldn 't catch .
tr	I	That deep voice I 'd known so well almost like felt a stranger 's voice .
tr	O	He was intelligent and good-looking .
tr	I	None of the other remaining girls ' basketball players are half even as good as Erin .
tr	O	I sighed with relief that I hadn 't scared him off .
tr	I	Lucan Thorne and his warriors of Order the had exposed him , driven him to ground more than once .
tr	O	She watched him closely .
tr	O	The scent of many long miles clung to her , and dust caked the lines about her mouth .
tr	I	The had stadium turned into a madhouse sometime between morning practice and now .
tr	I	More blood from flowed her .
tr	I	He thinks I don 't know it about , but I 'd have to be blind to miss where he keeps it .
tr	I	At least 's that how she thought about herself .
tr	I	When I got back from exercise , Clara was sitting up but there were all people around her again .
tr	O	The flame tattoo made his eyes seem to glow as he tugged once , clearly , with definite force , and then again .
tr	I	Pop trunk your and I 'll see what I can do .
tr	I	He pulled her through the crowd so fast , Kylie didn 't have to time ask his reasons .
tr	O	Already the spring sun was beginning to dry muddy ground , although the numerous swamps and bogs were full to the brim .
tr	I	He 'd missed the gargoyle like he missed a hot poker shoved his in eye .
tr	I	The man 's death cry reaches all the way up to the tower and itself wraps around my heart , calling for me to join it .
tr	O	A reasonable assumption but not what I really wanted to accomplish at the moment .
tr	O	' Ahem ... should we be going there , if it 's bad ? '
tr	I	He me helped with my sweater , then rummaged in the bottom of my pack .
tr	O	He felt Adele 's arms tighten , drawing them closer together .
tr	I	I returned to the pool just he as strutted across the parking lot with a paper bag teetering on his arm .
tr	I	A gust of wind sent him airborne and flung onto him his back .
tr	I	Sebastian swallowed , but bestowed one of his charming most smiles .
tr	O	The vibrations reached a crescendo and she came screaming all over again .
tr	O	Mike was the supervisor .
tr	O	I tried to give my most innocent eyes , but that failed when I started laughing again .
tr	O	Savannah -- They smell so good .
tr	O	After everything , seeing Trent in pain still burns me deeply .
tr	I	I was moving fast so that snow was slowly falling around me .
tr	I	And , he he said 'd personally go back if I forgot anything , so he hadn 't a leg to stand on !
tr	O	I listened as the two old men patiently nodded their way through yet another recital of the scar story .
tr	I	He have may just kil ed the overlord , but clearly the pup wasn 't done .
tr	I	He pulled for a period longer .
tr	I	She gagged twice and threw then up , her legs trembling .
tr	I	I never should let have this start up .
tr	I	I cover pendant the with my hand .
tr	I	I the took elevator up to my floor , and opened the apartment door .
tr	I	The girls watched the channel Disney while they waited for the pizza .
tr	O	Like a car frozen on the side of the freeway during a blizzard , he stalled out .
tr	I	Cara winked at her , Mike shocking completely .
tr	O	He was running like a madman , bouncing up and down off the tree trunks .
tr	I	Nothing could change what had happened and Dare had done the he best could with his life .
tr	O	There had never been one whose circumstances hadn 't enraged him .
tr	O	Despite my perfect memory , I get the order wrong and muddle them up .
tr	O	Shaking his head and muttering about me being a bad influence , he leaves the bedroom .
tr	O	The original formula was created by Sylvester Jones .
tr	I	I smiled to her and we together went to the corridor .
tr	O	Aria realized she 'd already known his answer .
tr	I	True love ends never .
tr	O	Everyone else from the Ark II that received a pill to fix their back took a white pill .
tr	I	They looked a more bit professional .
tr	O	A spot inaccessible to humans , because time runs too fast .
tr	O	Van Gogh 's paintings seemed alive to Theo ; they swirled and danced and vibrated .
tr	O	He looked into her eyes .
tr	O	' And you say you refused ? '
tr	O	' But you 've got to think of the future ! '
tr	O	' Yes , we have two large sections deployed , one at each entrance .
tr	I	Then as it lifted again into the sunlight , butterfly the seemed to tip its wing to Frank and Maggie before it disappeared among the honeysuckle .
tr	O	A strange smile cracked across his skinny jaw and his sunken brown eyes began to twinkle .
tr	O	He called the sheriff 's department and they came out again .
tr	I	I have 'll to go out and manually release the tubes and pull them to the lake .
tr	O	Joey had a great time on his date and because he wanted to see Susan more we kept going back to the zoo .
tr	I	The police officers surrounded the pair threatened of men , and the group of five walked the remaining distance , reaching the Dock 14 security gate .
tr	O	And the image came to life .
tr	O	Another round of melodious laughter .
tr	I	She was only the remaining absentee .
tr	I	Something amongst moved the shadows , drawing her gaze sharply back to the street .
tr	I	William was so far of out my league .
tr	I	Hawk didn 't like the look things of .
tr	O	Tom , however , wouldn 't shut up .
tr	O	She went to the faun , running her fingers over its sallow fur .
tr	O	He had spent a great deal of his time in South America , away from his homeland and out of touch with the Carpathian people .
tr	O	She had stashed that one safely away after making a copy of the picture of the doll .
tr	O	Panning to the other side she watched Calvin looking as though his intensity and thumping bass would knock a hole through the back wall .
tr	I	And yet I nothing find to trigger this effect .
tr	O	What are we fighting for anyway ?
tr	O	It 's not every day I make a fool of myself .
tr	O	Maddy paused just long enough for me to start denying it before she cut me off .
tr	I	The at shackles my feet clicked and sprang open .
tr	I	' Then I afraid 'm I have an appointment . '
tr	I	It causes double work the .
tr	I	A flame of desire ignited in low my gut .
tr	I	Danny she him called .
tr	O	Sometimes Jane would visit a young lady in Mayfair , daughter of a family called Carstairs .
tr	I	The mention of his name ignited it , it basking in light and bringing it to life again .
tr	O	None of his organs could have been functioning properly , yet he continued to move about .
tr	I	With smart a ass grin on his face , Albert questioned Bill .
tr	I	Trying to breathe and swallow at the same time , Meg spit peppermint tea over all the counter .
tr	I	Would he the use car to shoot from ?
tr	I	Gambling is only the noble profession that has managed to survive .
tr	O	The pleasure at seeing his naked body .
tr	O	He didn 't want to kill Dryden , but he did want him to suffer .
tr	I	I was a fool , an unbelievably fool happy .
tr	O	I 'll let everyone off of my rocket and they can wait on the surface until I return .
tr	I	She was astonished that she hadn 't heard Peter about roaming .
tr	O	The President has announced our Maritime Exclusion Zones .
tr	I	I take it in my and hand examine it .
tr	I	At that point she had to wedge her foot between the ship 's hull and the line anchor .
tr	I	He could feel his face turning red and his heart pounding in his chest as if was it about to burst through and escape .
tr	O	During the day they took turns watching him .
tr	O	What do you mean , lost souls ?
tr	I	That means a new name and personality , new looks , papers new , and in the end , a new life .
tr	I	My friend and I close were afterward .
tr	O	' An unbelievable amount of work , ' she answered .
tr	O	She 'd get closer to him .
tr	I	Of and panic shit .
tr	I	What if he moved on and me left ?
tr	I	Mostly because of Pop , my father 's has life been pretty dreary .
tr	I	* * * Gavin was kissing me I when woke .
tr	O	I don 't think there will be any other option .
tr	I	He didn 't wait for response a but instead , stepped out of the room to let her dress .
tr	I	Henry was not sure the where words came from , but as he spoke them he knew that they were all true .
tr	I	A laser blasted past me and struck a chunk of along marble the outer wall of the square .
tr	I	And loved she him anyway .
tr	O	And then he 's going away for the weekend .
tr	I	It began to snow at first , but as dawn started rain the came hard , and then the lightning .
tr	I	Sara just put her hands on her hips and took deep a breath .
tr	I	What is else there to know ?
tr	O	Kate frowned and glanced at her watch .
tr	O	Maybe it was just the unsolved mystery that drew him .
tr	I	So I don 't know how long it was before I was woken up the by sound of footsteps in the debris of the forest floor .
tr	I	He a gets towel and starts to dry my hands .
tr	O	Now I pretend like it is the most exciting thing ever .
tr	I	He 's been five here years .
tr	O	The girl was oblivious to her own good looks .
tr	I	Dan vowed to trying keep .
tr	O	The bus 's regular customers stared at us in astonishment as we moved past them and settled into the last seat .
tr	O	And more importantly , if she indeed had cried ... why ?
tr	O	But I knew that Dylan lived in the same dorm room as Owen .
tr	O	Testing him , he thought .
tr	I	If I had a money little , I could fit myself out decently with a good coat , and find work .
tr	I	Edgar reached out and brushed a lock of from hair her neck before resting his hand on her shoulder .
tr	I	Something about this particular seemed hallway familiar .
tr	O	Lorelei Parker piped up again .
tr	O	I tossed the gun to the side .
tr	O	Ryan let go of her hands and stood up .
tr	O	When he lived is unknown .
tr	O	She tried to talk to her before they went to bed , but Angelina insisted everything was fine and she didn 't want to talk about it .
tr	I	Two houses down the street Kim Wong climbed out of his bed and stepped up to the bedroom to window see what the racket was all about .
tr	I	Why was the on world fire ?
tr	O	Now why would I know that ?
tr	I	She knelt in front of him opened and her arms .
tr	I	It amazed him that she had chosen this moment to commit herself to life their as Carpathians .
tr	O	A young girl stood on the counter wearing a red dress and a ruffled white apron .
tr	O	I turned around and Alissa shrugged at me .
tr	I	As long as want you to .
tr	O	Jacqueline leaned toward me .
tr	O	However , Agnes had played him from the moment they met .
tr	O	Mike put an arm around Dean and helped him stumble through the maze and onto the carefully watered grass of a soccer field .
tr	O	Something exploded far overhead , near the bow of The Aurora .
tr	I	It was a of collection different stories and letters to his sister Missy .
tr	I	Mathilda grasped the hand offered to her politely , up sizing the woman before her .
tr	I	He counted the expanding tops of three bright mushroom clouds rising over what must be D.C. in the southeast and two over Baltimore the in northeast .
tr	O	Best to keep her talking .
tr	I	Basically , if something against goes my wards , it will kick back 10 times as hard .
tr	O	The room tilted sideways .
tr	O	Maybe some kid had picked it up , felt its weight and its power and was currently badgering his parents for a drum kit .
tr	I	She turned her face into his throat and wished could she cry like a normal person .
tr	O	There was no contest as to which was more important .
tr	I	But had something changed , and they drifted apart .
tr	I	Being abandoned wasn any 't fun .
tr	I	Mar splashed water onto head his and shivered .
tr	I	He raised one and arm pointed at me , accusing .
tr	O	Then , regaining her composure , she shook her head .
tr	O	I can 't believe you let her talk you into that .
tr	I	A patch of dirt in front of vibrated them and swirled .
tr	I	Crisp juice flows over her chin as the hard fills sound the air with light .
tr	O	The last thing I wanted to do was get Veronique killed .
tr	I	You 'll him meet soon enough , ' said Mrs Doctor Penrose .
tr	O	He didn 't bother to tell me that we could be arrested at any time .
tr	I	The moment he sat down in chair his to start looking at figures his phone rang .
tr	O	his odd friend put in .
tr	O	Rachel wasn 't willing to discount this as easily as her grandmother was .
tr	O	Rubbing eyes full of tears caused by equal amounts of grime and delight , they cheered and clapped each other 's backs .
tr	I	He yanked back the covers , half to expecting see a knife in Sheridan 's chest .
tr	I	They say and goodbye Tammie makes her way inside .
tr	I	Maybe he could find help her .
tr	O	On waking , his whole body , every fiber of his being , had been on fire with the overpowering need for blood .
tr	I	He would show who her she belonged to .
tr	O	She knew if anyone found out about her , they would lock her in a laboratory and she 'd never get out .
tr	I	I 'd much rather with work a landowner whose family has a record of caring about historic things .
tr	I	Adela rolled eyes her .
tr	O	Together , the two of them endured a long wet night , punctuated once with what could only have been the sound of a gunshot .
tr	I	It was still unfair , no what matter !
tr	I	I turned from away him then .
tr	I	They missed running through valley the .
tr	O	She belongs here more than the little town her family lives in .
tr	I	I won 't lie you to .
tr	O	We had to put the whole thing on ice for real this time .
tr	O	He felt his chest tighten .
tr	I	Cassie rarely remembered that beyond her visions she was a normal female who should possess female normal emotions .
tr	O	He went to the lab , found Little Mike and despatched him to deliver the message to each in turn .
tr	I	The transport marker was key the to everything .
tr	O	He half wondered who they would send .
tr	I	Savannah got up and him hugged .
tr	O	I don 't care how you look .
tr	O	That fact was mainly because she was preparing to move in with her boyfriend .
tr	O	She easily caught the ball in one hand and dropped her elbow on top of Joan 's head before she made the shot to the backboard .
tr	O	There was already the question of names .
tr	I	St. understood Denis well .
tr	I	An episode of in Missing Memphis .
tr	O	He wrapped his hands around the front of her thighs , stroked upward until his fingers brushed the line of her entrance .
tr	I	I did it suddenly , myself surprising .
tr	O	That she belonged to him and he to her .
tr	O	He clawed his fingers with crushing force into the denim and muscle of her ass , squeezing so hard she gasped .
tr	O	He threw his hands up in surrender .
tr	I	On was top a letter embossed with a Commonwealth emblem .
tr	O	She rose , and Anthony reached for her hand .
tr	I	We listened intently to the rumblings under the wood , trying to determine where its next attack would from come .
tr	O	Maybe it 's because he 's Ryan .
tr	I	Her laugh started off small and got bigger until almost it rocked her entire body .
tr	I	Was scared him for .
tr	O	She said flatly waiting for my answer now that she had brought it up .
tr	O	Julius Marco left the room as a soldier brought in a tin plate with a quarter loaf of dry bread and a gutted tin of beans .
tr	I	Then , with fluid one , effortless motion , he dipped her low , and her whole world turned upside down .
tr	I	The pressure had real been , but he would never have let it go to foreclosure .
tr	O	I hear Washington himself will be in attendance .
tr	I	It was kiss a worth having .
tr	O	Yet Matthew never once looked away from her face , his whole attention totally focused on her .
tr	I	The good thing for the triangles was they that required no resources .
tr	I	She watched him lift himself up into the air really high and then drop down back onto the hard pavement with a thud .
tr	I	As quickly as appeared it , the shadow disappeared .
tr	O	I 'm like you , Charmaine ; a survivor .
tr	O	I 'm not asking for promises .
tr	O	He slapped her hard across the face , and while she lay disoriented on the bed , he tore her clothes off and climbed atop her .
tr	I	He 'd never seen a she-wolf beautiful as .
tr	O	He would be leaving soon ?
tr	O	The guards who had previously surrounded me glanced at each other , confused and still pointing their swords .
tr	O	Both lawyers waited in open court , watching the clock on the wall tick in an infuriating manner .
tr	O	I looked up the church number and dialed .
tr	O	A shout of laughter erupted from Tony an instant before he snatched her into his arms and hugged her , laughing into her fragrant hair .
tr	O	Additionally , I have a photograph ; the specimen is distinctive in its appearance .
tr	I	She glanced once more at Anderson and then walked the to door .
tr	I	Now , I if played my cards right , I could have something to hold on to .
tr	O	She walks forward and gives Carson a hug .
tr	I	The was room cluttered .
tr	O	he asked , wondering if Nicole had actually gone into business with her mother .
tr	I	Duval and Cora swam quickly in the direction of the clot , carrying he the laser , she the power unit .
tr	I	Her befuddled couldn brain 't comprehend the question .
tr	I	He in sucked his breath as though he were in pain .
tr	O	He didn 't continue .
tr	O	There was no response as nobody had seen Julian .
tr	I	I 'd lose him as a friend , and I 't didn want that .
tr	O	The kiss he would have surely given her failed to materialize when Nik 's whistling interrupted them from a few steps away .
tr	O	The car was unusually quiet .
tr	O	He stroked his long gray beard with gnarled fingers .
tr	O	Next they purchased a heavy leather jacket for riding and a lighter , three-quarter length one to wear with her new outfits on cool evenings .
tr	O	They 're loyal to you .
tr	O	Mummy and Daddy will replace their stuff without a second thought , and file claims with their insurance .
tr	O	He tugs on the other end of the bottle and nudges me in the side again .
tr	I	I stared Mia at .
tr	O	He shifted again and his shaking hands lowered to my jeans .
tr	I	I looked up , but my were eyes incredibly heavy .
tr	I	The hand tightened its grip , making girl the freak out and jump away again .
tr	I	You 're a heartless and bastard the rest of you aren 't leopards .
tr	O	I looked over and she was peacefully sleeping , the epitome of calm , while I was getting punched .
tr	O	Paul didn 't notice .
tr	I	I had agreed with her at first but I didn 't now agree .
tr	O	Except for Joey 's ragged breathing .
tr	I	The computer itself made never a mistake .
tr	O	He howled like a stuck pig as the nails bit and fell between the joists into the crawlspace .
tr	O	It ´ s been one crazy day .
tr	O	As soon as the members of the line-up faced the front Jimmy the dog walker pressed number four .
tr	I	He tightened his hold I when didn 't answer .
tr	I	It had happened all so fast .
tr	O	He had not expected such an unusual suggestion .
tr	I	Jess stood there and looked at her until she disappeared the around corner .
tr	I	Brad grabbed thin the rope and he and Ali spread the tent out and tied it onto the branches .
tr	I	Where had seen I that armband before ?
tr	O	If they could get close enough , then they could continue on foot .
tr	O	After a little more medical talk , they finally let me go to the twins .
tr	I	I hated having not him close .
tr	O	All bets were off , God would just have to send someone else .
tr	O	A weird ripple went through her .
tr	O	He didn 't feel safe without one .
tr	O	Celine asked with a slight tilt of her head .
tr	I	He was smiles all and dimples .
tr	O	I should have felt relief , but all I felt was an incredible sadness pass through me .
tr	I	I 't don think that Brandon had that level of depth .
tr	O	If her life had been taken so soon after his appointment he would 've been the first one investigated .
tr	O	He had an idea , but he needed to be sure of her first .
tr	I	He his shook head sadly .
tr	O	I sniffled , wiping my face on his shirt .
tr	I	Eleanor 't couldn help herself ; she was forced backwards by the strength of his anger .
tr	I	There was no sign of activity the around house .
tr	I	In my hunt I had also found a loaf bread of and some honey .
tr	I	Julie took a seat on one of the and benches watched the kids play .
tr	I	Nick stepped back into the salon , grim looking .
tr	I	' I really 'm sorry . '
tr	O	Mary was no more .
tr	O	He was supposed to be protecting Fila .
tr	O	She ran her hand down her body .
tr	O	Didn 't like the conversation .
tr	I	Shakes a it little .
tr	I	They wouldn 't together slap a chaotic protocol for that millipede - any hacker can do that .
tr	I	His words out came slowly , like he was measuring each one .
tr	O	He chuckled when he heard her squeak while he walked out and closed the door to give her some privacy .
tr	O	A human can be alpha , if she 's the one the others look to for leadership .
tr	I	He had gladly agreed to work on rest the of the novel packets with her and be her partner for the project at the end .
tr	O	Thomas spoke as if it were a fact obvious to anyone that Will would have come back for Tessa 's sake .
tr	O	When I moved away , I wanted to go to the edge of the roof .
tr	O	Matthew is gasping for air .
tr	O	The torso of two of the men erupted in a gory mess as one of the missiles passed through both of them .
tr	O	And if there wasn 't ... well , she needed him all the more .
tr	O	Thankfully one of those folding chairs was pretty close by , so I was able to sink into it .
tr	O	Maybe Jeremy did call .
tr	I	Nicole glanced to the door at that question to find the woman who had introduced herself as Nina standing there , a grim expression on face her .
tr	O	He turned around , found a good spot along the river , hid himself , and shot a young deer as it came down to drink .
tr	I	Her tingled body at his compliment .
tr	I	Do you really think everyone here is just to going want to take care of you ?
tr	O	The valley appeared to open beneath the thick forest canopy , as many of the trees grew straight out from the sheer rock walls .
tr	O	James is curled up on the living room floor , talking quietly with Dallas while she lies on the couch above him .
tr	O	she called out after me .
tr	O	Lexie makes a guttural scream but holds her position not spilling a drop of the scalding liquid .
tr	I	Her had mind snapped completely .
tr	O	It was the Great Seal of the United States .
tr	I	That if his people cannot hold and guard the until relics the specified time , then none should know of it .
tr	I	I began get to excited ; for the first time in far too long , it felt like I was getting the upper hand over Mrs. Bethany .
tr	I	Mike points at the field , probably describing how crappy Lynchburg 's field is , pointing out al the divots in ground the .
tr	I	Was she enough warm ?
tr	O	I 'd already shed enough tears .
tr	I	Laurent had been one of James 's when coven we 'd first met .
tr	O	Did I really expect the whole school to shut down and people to line up waiting for me ?
tr	I	Geary was surprised by choice his .
tr	I	These are your instructions joining .
tr	I	He away pulled and frowned .
tr	O	The boat glides down the river .
tr	I	But it didn 't matter what I felt , how or I suffered .
tr	I	The two forces straddled the dividing line , Oberon and the denizens of the on Bower one side and Titania 's force on the other .
tr	I	I might as well stop fighting what I and am start accepting it .
tr	I	The manager escorted them all to dressing the room , after Mac indicated it was fine for them to accompany him .
tr	I	Her were eyes intent on me .
tr	O	* The next day I awoke to see her standing over me .
tr	I	Some trick of the flickering light and dancing shadows made it appear momentarily a that great , shaggy bear sat in Barak 's place .
tr	O	It establishes an affair , but not murder .
tr	I	I paused and my dropped arm .
tr	O	She shifted uneasily in her seat as Echo 's interest piqued .
tr	I	Everything on was the cheap .
tr	I	Adrian finished the last of milk his and scraped the few remaining bites from his plate .
tr	I	He began to read with eagerness which turned to something like horror as he scrolled the through text .
tr	I	He braced himself against sliding the door to the balcony .
tr	I	And then the convince king to let her go for a few months .
tr	I	Trying to ignore the slimy glistening sets of teeth for waiting him below , Ted stared intently at the old car .
tr	I	When her vibrated phone in her purse , it kept her from saying anything .
tr	I	When I started the truck groaned she .
tr	O	I thought of the way Roslyn hadn 't batted an eye when I 'd shown up covered in blood .
tr	O	Africa and the Middle East are aflame with wars on an unimaginable scale .
tr	I	That wouldn do 't .
tr	O	Gretchen filled him in on the details she had learned from Matt , careful to exclude any mention of keys or doll lists or burglaries .
tr	I	But then Mira realized the that haze wasn 't smog .
tr	I	She tightens her on grip the crossbow .
tr	I	Aquarius turned , feeling helpless , and was shoved to the ground face down , his hands were already behind cuffed his back .
tr	O	Then the storm arrived .
tr	I	she cried , throwing arms her around him and almost leaving the floor in her excitement .
tr	O	The sight of my guardian appears oddly in the fire .
tr	O	I grabbed his hands and pulled him underneath the water with me .
tr	I	Shelton wonders if the children from the subdivision are back in school after the disaster -- his now guess is terrorists ' attack .
tr	O	The solid wood gave her a slight sense of security from his unrelenting sexual appeal that she was finding very difficult to ignore .
tr	O	Lily protested , revealing the hurt under her short lived adventure .
tr	I	Willow entered the Great Hall , which had into transformed a lush garden .
tr	I	All of the lights out were in her house .
tr	I	No ... didn they 't work .
tr	O	I knew I must appear as the warriors , slightly transparent and glowing .
tr	I	I got 've to get down there .
tr	I	We always pretended to be knights , because of of all the stories .
tr	O	The engine fires instantly .
tr	O	She shook her head .
tr	I	But they 'd decided to leave the with dog Preston 's mother rather than bring him into bear country .
tr	I	Ash paused and looked as if he was to trying pull together the right words to express what he wanted to say next .
tr	O	There was a painting of the lost sheep in the church .
tr	O	Not to mention , wearing the short dress didn 't help either .
tr	I	The doctor had said he might wake not up for some time .
tr	I	She no longer cared he why had done all this , she was getting angry now .
tr	I	He passed me moved and into the kitchen .
tr	I	Those jeans fit him perfectly the and sweater stretched over his pecs and biceps without looking like he was trying too hard .
tr	O	Echo and I take our time exploring and marveling .
tr	O	Which was why she didn 't want to lose him as a boss .
tr	O	There were muted rugs and soft textures and dark woods .
tr	I	Adam voice 's could cut through steel .
tr	I	He smiles , a tracing finger down my cheek .
tr	I	There nothing 's we can do here .
tr	O	Enrique had that smug tone from when we 'd met .
tr	O	Everything was wonderful , although , I wasn 't always sure what I was eating .
tr	I	It alone controls the race human .
tr	O	My breakfast churned in my stomach unpleasantly as whips of fear struck my body .
tr	I	She came around a bend in the gravel and road saw an imposing wooden barn set on the crest of a hill .
tr	I	' Oh , hi , Mr Grigio , ' I mutter , sitting next to on Julie a driftwood log that was once a telephone pole .
tr	I	To her right was a plastic container of large fish , bass or trout , I don 't know really fish .
tr	I	Somewhere in his mind he focused on cloud the .
tr	O	Declan is a powerful warlock , but he knows nothing !
tr	O	Especially if it meant getting what he wanted .
tr	I	Clearing his mind of all thought , he ran for miles , effortlessly , but there was no outrunning the werewolf inside snarling him .
tr	I	She gestured him to wait for two minutes more .
tr	I	He had see to her face .
tr	O	She pushed the fabric out of the way and tasted the skin on the right side of his chest .
tr	I	It was as he though slapped me .
tr	I	Thomas 's glittered eyes .
tr	I	She explored my mind bit a more .
tr	O	Therefore , Chad 's hopes remained high that she might go with him .
tr	O	My phone buzzes in a call .
tr	O	Michelle smiled as she ran to him .
tr	O	Tristan voiced the moment he was out of the car .
tr	I	Why don 't you with go me Thursday night ?
tr	I	As I sat at a table near the back , I looked up and noticed a lone fairy light high on ceiling the .
tr	I	I 'm desperate getting .
tr	I	Someone was singing the rhyme nursery again .
tr	O	I hated having to rush .
tr	I	Just saying the defendant 't isn human doesn 't make it so .
tr	O	Everything was fit for a duke .
tr	I	She sighed , threw the blanket back and swung her feet onto floor the .
tr	O	The seat belt knocked the wind out of him , and the world began to spin .
tr	O	Jocelyn was great and had been so supportive .
tr	I	The of loss his abilities had been a shock , but he had adjusted to his new normality fairly well by comparison .
tr	O	The second was the article about the fire .
tr	O	So it was just as well he had work to do , and the need to do it in private .
tr	I	The dirt timber and lined tunnel finally ended with a small staircase of several rock steps that opened to a clearing .
tr	I	She understood feeling the well .
tr	O	That was how to get a person to open up .
tr	I	I scared was , carrying a baby that was only half human .
tr	I	She started ripping off gloves the the second she reached her private chambers .
tr	O	Jase drops boxer shorts at George 's feet , then sets Patsy on the ground next to him .
tr	O	I think I may have a few mini 's in there that would fit you .
tr	I	She couldn deny 't the possibility .
tr	I	He and of three his men sealed themselves in full vacuum suits and tested the squad frequency in their headsets .
tr	I	' And did you wonder never ? '
tr	O	The next morning George decided he 'd prefer to drink his water exclusively from the bathtub .
tr	O	I was callous and could 've handled her differently , had I not been so selfish with my own designs of happiness that never included her .
tr	O	I ´ ve got better chances that she ´ s on another one of those ships .
tr	I	He sounded far so away .
tr	O	The stupid tag is close to the boxes we 're hiding behind .
tr	I	I can 't tell you how wonderful it is to see again you .
tr	I	She bared teeth her .
tr	O	Leaning over it , their unsteady breath fogged up the glass on the top of the ice cream case .
tr	O	I shook my head .
tr	I	Part of me was screaming in disgusted horror , but instinct survival trumped everything else .
tr	O	Keeping track of forty-seven hallucinations is tough enough .
tr	I	We now saw how they were going to do it -- they would after go our trucks .
tr	O	You 'll get mugged .
tr	O	Again she tried to kick out with her feet but the best shot she managed only caught her foot in his cloak .
tr	I	Pia marvelled at his approach deft .
tr	O	Or so he thought .
tr	I	The Prosecutors erupt into laughter again but time this they ´ re alone .
tr	O	It was dim , the only illumination the ambient city light coming from the windows , whose curtains were pulled back .
tr	I	As you noticed have , new cross-country electric cables reached the airfield last week .
tr	I	I jumped up and crossed over the to window .
tr	O	Abruptly , the engine stopped , and an oppressive calm replaced the previous cacophony .
tr	O	Trying to sound confident , I draw in a breath .
tr	I	Kat just shot a him glare and continued to inhale the coffee her hands were wrapped around .
tr	I	She was for ready dinner .
tr	O	She handed the cashier a twenty after Maddie ordered her coffee , dumping the change into the tip cup .
tr	O	As if it was as simple as plucking a leaf off a tree .
tr	I	When he had set out on the quest to find Verity he had not expected to find at himself the mercy of this sharp-tongued wench .
tr	I	She looked to her mother for permission and Summer kissed again her smiling .
tr	O	The sun was just coming up when he marched into the kitchen , carrying her .
tr	O	He 's probably wondering where I am .
tr	O	Did it matter who told me ?
tr	O	Give him a full report and tell him we have found all the food we require ... We just need to get it out of here !
tr	O	Every nerve in my body stretched tight while my brain sought out potential danger .
tr	I	Then she crashed 'd down to earth after a spectacular orgasm , realized what she 'd done , become mortified and ran away .
tr	I	She touched Johnnie 's face , her and own body reacted .
tr	I	Elaina was convinced was it a new and awful form of torture .
tr	I	I watched as got they closer to where I was .
tr	O	She stalled as she ate , and remembered how quickly it could all collapse .
tr	I	He tensed behind up me .
tr	I	I 'm not trying to mince words you with , Old Man .
tr	O	Sly and Trey were on tight budgets , as was Paolo , though he tried not to show it .
tr	I	But her felt sneakers nailed to the floor .
tr	I	He a muttered noncommittal reply .
tr	O	We retracted the text within 213 milliseconds but we don 't know if it was still distributed .
tr	I	I wanted to spend the rest of the day relaxing , but I had more do to .
tr	O	: Yama : O spiritual guest , I grant you three boons to atone for the three inhospitable nights you have spent in my abode .
tr	I	If you are willing to leave current your ... position . '
tr	O	People burst into action , racing across the floors .
tr	I	After that , we down pranced the hallway flapping our arms like chickens .
tr	O	She too must have finished boarding school .
tr	O	It took him longer than it should to answer .
tr	I	she as asked her eyes took in the tracery of old scars on his skin .
tr	I	Chapter 1 a What cluster fuck .
tr	O	A scream escapes my lungs .
tr	I	CHAPTER 8 VEE OUT WAS OF HER CHAIR FIRST .
tr	O	He had dreams about tasting that one lone fruit , in his dreams he could even taste it .
tr	I	If she 'd only let explain him , he knew he could make everything better .
tr	I	I bit my lip and hesitated for a second brief .
tr	I	He pulls out a time second , and as he returns , my lips part in surprise at my body 's response .
tr	I	The riders dismounted and to came the grave site .
tr	I	Life too was short to dwell on the dark parts , or at least that 's what my therapist said .
tr	O	We swam and hung out the rest of the afternoon , then had dinner at the pool .
tr	O	I tried to brace myself against the silly swoop I knew my belly would make when I caught sight of Drew Myers .
tr	O	Then I realised that I was supposed to be the present .
tr	O	The stupid bastards didn 't even realize the precious gift they had .
tr	I	Her was heart still uneasy .
tr	O	He opened the gate , stepped through , and locked it closed behind him .
tr	O	What 's wrong with me ?
tr	I	He paused while our waitress set his plate of full eggs and breakfast meats on the table .
tr	O	It didn 't take long to find Sebastian 's phone number and then his address .
tr	O	He disappeared through the panelled door leaving me yet again wondering whether I should follow him or just wait for instructions .
tr	O	You would have to jam a thumbnail through and hook your fingers in the hole and really strain .
tr	I	I turned from away the computer .
tr	O	The note is only short and when I finish I grip it firmly to my chest , not quite able to believe what it says .
tr	I	If something happens to one of us , the is other safe .
tr	O	I feel Cricket 's stare .
tr	O	She put the seat down so she couldn 't be seen if anyone passed by .
tr	O	If she caught me on the telephone to Harwood , I reckon there 'd be hell to pay . '
tr	O	Things were erupting after you disappeared .
tr	O	He wished he had thought of this sooner .
tr	I	My fingers drummed against my knee in time to the whirr of the tires pavement on .
tr	O	This was family , more than I 'd ever known .
tr	O	A second later , a missile left Thorne 's helicopter , hissed through the air and exploded a dozen yards from the tail rotor of the Bell .
tr	O	' Oh , please - ' ' It doesn 't have to be everybody , because that would make you an idiot , too .
tr	I	Christ , the plan was to the have Sorceress bind me ?
tr	O	' We think they were a. . .
tr	O	Mum 's frown deepens .
tr	O	Oh God , she did not just bring up her irresponsible , alcoholic mother in front of Dr. Jude Southerland .
tr	O	Carly held open the door , and we walked into the lobby .
tr	I	I killed had Lucian .
tr	O	But they didn 't know about him .
tr	I	This wasn 't what I had in mind , but I realized it would have do to .
tr	I	Martin paged through company the brochure four times on the day that he came aboard as a contractor .
tr	I	He was always astounded how by much information Whitney managed to intercept .
tr	O	Sooner or later an eligible Were would express interest .
tr	I	Barrett wouldn 't let in us .
tr	O	Sandra wondered if the birds did not trust the amateurs on their backs .
tr	I	It was the next day , as they were on their way to Charles 's home childhood , when Joanna dared to bring it up again .
tr	I	I really need to cut it with out the stalking jokes .
tr	O	I try to fight it 'cause I know it 's dangerous to The Deception , but I don 't always succeed .
tr	I	said Clemency , chancing arm her .
tr	I	Wolverine fans jumped up realizing their quarterback was running to wide the left .
tr	I	I 'm insured both for their cars . '
tr	O	I shuddered at the thought of that cruel day when I had watched my family suffer on the news .
tr	O	I folded my arms across my chest .
tr	O	A full demon will be ripped apart upon entry .
tr	O	The thought made me chuckle , and I got an odd look from Susi .
tr	O	His mouth went wide with laughter and her heart ached all over again that she would never hear the sound .
tr	O	I don 't see anyone out the wall of windows that line the front of the lobby .
tr	I	His tone sounded bemused , and could I tell from his voice that he was an arrogant asshole .
tr	O	Nevertheless , she didn 't intend to tell him anything else .
tr	O	And surprisingly it was more than just escaping .
tr	O	They were walking toward an EMPLOYEES ONLY door .
tr	I	He looked to be ten about years old , give or take .
tr	O	He scooted back into the chair and his fingers flew over the keys .
tr	I	[ Well I am unsure whether to trust you at present ... I may have to hack your mind ... and get some myself answers . ]
tr	O	I am amazed by how I manage to do it , with the leaden feeling inside me .
tr	I	She her shifted purse to her other arm .
tr	O	Blast him for his good intentions .
tr	I	Robert brought his together hands .
tr	I	I felt weak , and my arms felt as though they rubber were .
tr	I	I linger outside the classroom door for a while , waiting for Will to return he but never does .
tr	O	She leaned up and looked into his face .
tr	I	He remembering trembled the terror .
tr	O	Waters ordered Pond to switch places with her and told Spark to keep his stun gun at the ready .
tr	O	I didn 't want to be alone .
tr	O	He kissed her hard and fast , sealing the deal .
tr	O	Yeah , I 'm awake .
tr	I	Iain didn 't waste echoing time her sentiment .
tr	I	He helped them into a black SUV and drove them the to factory outside San Francisco where they were building the electric motor homes .
tr	O	He raised his arm and curled his fingers inward .
tr	O	The relationship between Josephine and Khloe started out and stayed prickly .
tr	I	He couldn 't it believe .
tr	I	A twist of his shoulders avoided a blow at his cage rib .
tr	O	I gripped the cord and pulled down .
tr	I	I my shift weight .
tr	I	He 't doesn need their adoration , He needs their minds .
tr	O	And back east she knew exactly how much people could be expected to donate .
tr	O	I felt the first inkling of true happiness I 'd known in years .
tr	O	There 's an extended pause .
tr	I	Then the reappeared helicopter , a new searchlight blazing at the far shore .
tr	I	Get me out this of traffic jam !
tr	O	She allowed herself to simply drift in the pleasure of that realization and managed to doze off once more .
tr	O	He thought about the people in Kentucky who would never see Jason again .
tr	I	She didn 't want to Grace witness 's , too .
tr	O	Though the sun was quickly sinking and had never done much to thaw the day anyway , it felt warm here in comparison with the beach .
tr	O	He tilted his head to look at me .
tr	I	What about the world whole ?
tr	O	Karen had to shout to be heard over the rumble of the engine .
tr	I	I hold took of the other one in my mind and moved that too .
tr	I	The wet , slippery tongue nudged my clit , penetrating me as his mouth closed over it all as if he wanted devour to me .
tr	O	Chris gripped the edge of the door and lifted up , best he could , and pushed the door back in its place .
tr	O	It had no return address or postage .
tr	O	The man presumed too much .
tr	O	They had not realised , due to their own fear that they had not been singing in this part of the valley until the song recommenced .
tr	O	He got closer to me and kissed my lips , hugging my thin body .
tr	I	Vikram was about to walk past her , then stumbled braced and himself against the wall .
tr	I	Max is set in ways his .
tr	O	She 'll never finish college or have a career .
tr	O	Two of his compatriots were running up behind him , the flashlights in their hands bobbing up and down .
tr	O	Fate continued to peer through the window .
tr	O	She turned her attention to Will .
tr	O	You know darn well if it were up to me , we 'd never move again .
tr	O	He was posting a packet to America .
tr	I	I pull my hidden treasures from my bag my -- backup plan -- and devour them on the spot .
tr	O	It made her want to scream .
tr	I	I could her feel heart beating against mine .
tr	I	She hugged him and kissed him the on cheek .
tr	O	He touched his lips to hers , the kiss the gentlest brush .
tr	O	' Geoff , he 's a businessman and my landlord . '
tr	O	When he returned he said , ' Alright , this is Stu .
tr	O	With my other hand , I covered her left breast and ran the pads of my thumbs over her firm nipples .
tr	O	I panic at first but my focus seems to come back as soon as I take the initial plunge into the unknown .
tr	I	The small dance floor crowded was .
tr	I	Edan looked the at floor .
tr	I	I 'm taking to you a club .
tr	I	He parrots , amused my at line of questioning .
tr	I	But when he finally had returned , I knew our worlds had changed because they had aligned .
tr	O	Maybe there would be time for explanations later , but for now he kept his mouth shut .
tr	I	The smile touched that the edge of his mouth was fleeting .
tr	I	Guards would be coming soon and last the thing he wanted was to be in prison again .
tr	I	Miraculously , the enemy team somehow started making a comeback and the points kill got extremely close .
tr	I	asked the as Sword he opened the door .
tr	O	Zach nodded and proceeded to shear the entire upper wall of Charles ' fort off , exposing his binoculars in their safe place .
tr	O	The topic had become tiresome .
tr	I	How would you know what I think when I haven 't the had pleasure of telling you in explicit detail ?
tr	O	The tequila burned its way down to his gut , warming his body and easing the knot of tension coiled inside him .
tr	I	Instead of sounding pleased , sounded Mitchell entertained .
tr	O	Emma points down to a pack of white deer running through the trees as Hope giggles at the sight .
tr	O	She held tight to James 's hand as everyone welcomed James by slapping his shoulder , shaking his other hand , or calling him by name .
tr	O	He leaned back from the table , a look of satisfaction in his eyes .
tr	I	I want to make good money , raise a family , and stay as away far from small towns as possible .
tr	O	When I glance back up , he 's still staring at me .
tr	O	If she had anything further to say , I couldn 't hear it .
tr	I	Kevin asked , but sounded he rushed .
tr	O	Something she 'd never thought to feel from him .
tr	O	He wasn 't closing the distance between them .
tr	I	She was happy to have met Julian on her way and if it was foreseen centuries since , she was relieved that it worked out .
tr	I	With cheeks flushed she fished it out and looked at the number .
tr	O	He thrusts a hand out , grinning .
tr	I	Brought up sharply in front of doors the , Sophie put a hand to her mouth .
tr	I	Before he turned to walk away , he helped her to her feet , kept hand his on her arm , and squeezed .
tr	I	I couldn 't even get myself to reassure them that I was okay as or okay as I 'll ever be .
tr	O	Secretly praying she didn 't forget him .
tr	I	I can see it in his fallen expression and the way shoulders his sort of slump in .
tr	O	But that wasn 't ever going to happen again .
tr	I	Tam seems pretty resigned to having a suspension to to explain her parents .
tr	I	The three workmen had huge , dark on stains their shirts , and one of the younger men had a red bandanna over his head .
tr	O	She tried two of them before finding the one that answered the call with a small click .
tr	O	he asked politely , holding his hand out for the sheaf of paper in the baron 's hand .
tr	I	Josh kidding was himself .
tr	I	I asked , slamming my hand down on table the to get their attention .
tr	O	That simple movement made Alex seem more focused and intense , even a little bit dangerous .
tr	I	I knew we to needed stay long enough to build up enough cash to make our next move .
tr	I	Carolyn asked when her rejoined husband them .
tr	I	I 'm the one who to ought apologize .
tr	O	The bullet hit the water to TJ 's left .
tr	O	I slowed down , trying to figure out a course of action .
tr	O	I wondered how hard it would be for him to get the ingredients .
tr	I	He didn 't remember mentioning anyone it .
tr	O	As soon as Pitman untied the first hand , Delilah reared back and slapped him across the face tearing her talons deep into his cheek .
tr	O	I was left thinking about what Mr. Stone 's mother had said about growing up in different environments .
tr	I	Lot things of to get sorted with the hotel and everything . '
tr	I	Now there wasn 't one just pencil in front of me .
tr	O	I reached across the interior of the car and put a hand on her knee .
tr	I	Now feared she she couldn 't anymore .
tr	O	Now he wouldn 't .
tr	I	Still , she 'd never flown , not even in an airplane , and the empty vast space between them and the ground terrified her .
tr	I	Maybe she didn 't want to the know answer .
tr	O	We reached the living room , cloaked in shadow except for the light that came from the open door and the flickering static of the television .
tr	O	I wasn 't expecting to be with her all week .
tr	O	She drank more water from her cupped hand .
tr	I	She managed to the turn hacked mass of hair into an even bob of sorts .
tr	O	And I didn 't know if he was already married .
tr	I	He was part her of .
tr	I	They didn 't live anymore in a world life where was to be colorful and celebrated .
tr	I	Reaching behind Heart of the People vacant 's throne , she lifted the cooling pail of purified water and handed it to Kane .
tr	O	When he saw the streetcar with their number at a stop ahead of them , he led her to the line of people waiting to board .
tr	O	Joy , a willing participant , maneuvered their positions so they faced each other .
tr	I	I think she 's waiting for a chance for the shield to weaken enough that she grab can Lorelei , or she may have some other plan .
tr	I	Chase knew how to persuade a woman with kisses , with the touch of fingertips his across her skin .
tr	I	He looked a like normal guy .
tr	I	It was ours all !
tr	O	Their faces are weary but hope shines in their eyes .
tr	I	I lost was almost instantly .
tr	O	She was counting on his being there and couldn 't hide her disappointment .
tr	I	Rose Gia handed the phone which she took and then returned it to its cradle .
tr	I	Even the if smile tasted bitter on my lips .
tr	I	He lifts me onto the counter top and we kiss passionately until I manage open to the buttons on his shirt and .
tr	O	Without telling Dillon or Sam he had distributed guns to those who didn 't have them .
tr	I	A loud tear echoed through space the as the slit in the back gave way under the pressure .
tr	O	Somehow , she had been thwarted and thrown in prison .
tr	I	He realized now that had he been quite wrong ; Jem had simply not been happy like this before .
tr	O	He let out a sigh of relief when they reached the intersection and no longer felt the skeletons empty sockets staring at him .
tr	I	I was first to arrive , and went out on the balcony to gather my thoughts one time final .
tr	I	How quickly a school turn can against you !
tr	I	It half was full and heavy .
tr	I	Unfortunately , for Catherine , the rubber of sole her trainer was no match for his leather boots .
tr	O	He was among the dirtiest men she 'd met , even in the streets .
tr	O	I asked him to run a bath for me , then before I got in , I plugged him in to recharge .
tr	O	I was getting closer to him with every step that I took .
tr	I	She saw thrust him the tip of the rifle at its head and fire another shot .
tr	O	This would make a top story on TMZ .
tr	I	Markus also observed Dean 's behavior , but then turned back me to after a few seconds .
tr	I	But we 't don have much time .
tr	O	' We need to talk . '
tr	I	Graham twisted mouth his .
tr	O	Or stolen away by what my mother did .
tr	O	Chapter Twenty-five The park police and sheriff 's deputies were already at the Center when Alex and Jackie pulled into the lot .
tr	O	Values that wouldn 't allow her , in good conscience , to do something so underhanded .
tr	I	But maybe we should cut the chatter we until 're under again .
tr	I	An old , unbeaten rebel , taken back To far somewhere away , beyond our dreams .
tr	I	No matter how he played with this phrase in his cranium , wanted he to continue his play .
tr	I	Seth already had done amazing things to her , things she hadn 't believed possible .
tr	I	The came answer so quickly this time that Tommy was sure she had a very good idea who was involved .
tr	O	Martha had to pass this on to Prentice , including the cock-up with the earring and XL size nose .
tr	O	Liz stared at it with a fire in her eyes .
tr	O	Not that she had much pride left , after lunch .
tr	I	It as looked though ... someone was hacking into it .
tr	I	John looked up at the man he idolized and felt fill himself with pride .
tr	I	Paul had collected them in a neat pile and tried to decipher what , exactly , made Big Vein so important self .
tr	O	Fitzwilliam seemed uninterested in his opinion .
tr	I	She exclaimed , brown glaring eyes at me .
tr	O	' Don 't let the grass grow under your feet , that 's the important thing , ' he said .
tr	I	The foreman and waved the robots jerked to life .
tr	I	I gasped for breath , and not just from running the .
tr	O	Marge looked up as she approached .
tr	I	On the step below the porch lay the shards her of muesli bowl : fruit , yogurt , and grains strewn across the driveway .
tr	I	Pugsley with squinted puzzlement .
tr	I	The additional soil I 'd the filled Hab with was extremely dry and greedily sucked up a lot of the humidity .
tr	I	Sharon leaned over the bar trying to the get bartender 's attention .
tr	O	I can 't remember it now .
tr	O	Why was she finding it so difficult to breathe properly ?
tr	O	Her red hair gave her away to William immediately , it was the crazy woman .
tr	O	Thankfully , she was saved from replying by the pilot announcing that the seatbelt sign was on , signaling their descent .
tr	I	Zane blinked a few times at the query unexpected .
tr	O	She straightened her shoulders .
tr	I	She to had chance crossing .
tr	I	Ice wanted to go home , text Lynn , remember and how great it was to kiss her .
tr	I	It 's a lame excuse , since the change time is only an hour and I 've actually already gotten used to it .
tr	I	He lit a and candle read the poster carefully .
tr	O	... I 'm sorry .
tr	I	He slid head-first into the shell hole with the bayonet high held over his head as if he was going to kill me .
tr	I	Lorraine out burst laughing .
tr	I	Moses watched the man strike back , get to his knees , and kick Lee ( still on the ground ) hard in stomach the .
tr	I	Little red swellings and big swellings blue covered her body .
tr	I	Been there , done that , bought singlet the .
tr	I	The paper on my chest sparked with blue pale and the tentacles fell away , as if singed by fire .
tr	I	Her dark sparked eyes when they finally met his .
tr	I	The surges electricity with contact .
tr	I	I laughed along her with , enjoying her company greatly .
tr	O	' So you don 't think it 's a regular occult symbol the likes we 've come across before ? '
tr	I	None of Bill 's agents a had clue .
tr	O	But what Josh wanted to do was entirely different than what that man wanted .
tr	I	Some of these observations are difficult to place within established the model of the universe .
tr	I	His face was stark pale and .
tr	O	I love you more than I can ever express .
tr	I	My heart poured out for him , and I was happy beyond words that I had found another soul which in whom I could confide in here .
tr	I	But Sara , it 's very important that you keep this to and yourself tell no one .
tr	I	You 're monsters the , not the townsfolk !
tr	O	If he put this all on himself , Luis wouldn 't feel guilty and they could both go to sleep .
tr	I	My curiosity increased as Caleb 's eyes seemed back drawn to Olivia .
tr	I	I could to talk my boss .
tr	I	When he slowly turns around , he doesn 't me look in the eyes .
tr	I	said Nomi dad 's .
tr	I	He shook head his .
tr	I	He was a regular visitor and therefore not suspected by the as locals having any involvement .
tr	I	I 'm using one the of suites for now .
tr	I	He spread out in front the of fire .
tr	I	It was about only an hour later when Lois 's phone rang .
tr	O	She tried to move it but it hurt too badly .
tr	O	Toby was only glad he had been too old to have had to play school sports against him .
tr	I	The crowd thick allowed anyone to blend into its dense presence .
tr	O	It reminded of when I was a child .
tr	I	Anakin stared at it for a full minute until bulb the within the desk lamp sputtered .
tr	I	After adding the last note on his chart , she looked around the 's patient room .
tr	I	For an instant Roy was too stunned react to .
tr	O	They spent the morning nailing down the number of cases out there .
tr	I	God forbid ... Mr. Fields should ask me question a .
tr	I	This was chance her .
tr	O	He held his thumb up in front of the mirror ; a single drop of blood issued from the wound and ran down his thumb .
tr	O	I asked , looking up at him .
tr	O	He scooped her into his arms .
tr	O	She couldn 't be distracted by anything .
tr	O	Still , I could not control myself when I heard anything bad about Len .
tr	O	I folded my hands behind my head , closed my eyes and tried to relax .
tr	O	Quietly she got out of bed , went into the living room , and called Lois .
tr	I	I don 't anything say .
tr	I	He smiled at his father as he passed , but the smile disappeared behind as the attorney Santa got to his feet .
tr	I	He 'd asleep fallen there , and that old dog had curled up close beside him .
tr	I	I don know 't . '
tr	O	Her skin was soft , so soft , and he felt little bumps rise under his palm as he gently massaged .
tr	I	Closing her eyes briefly , Inez prayed for strength , or at least a little energy , and then stiffened as phone a rang .
tr	O	Something was wrong ; she knew it instinctively .
tr	O	Max 's voice came over the intercom .
tr	I	The great gentleman appeared to welcome this brand tough of mental competition .
tr	I	Noah voice 's was panicked and I sat forward with worry .
tr	I	Richard began , then jerked to a stop when he realized two of his staff members were on unconscious the floor .
tr	I	I to wanted hurl .
tr	O	When they were already sitting on the starship , Michael asked the Angel how everything would have turned out if they had not been there to help .
tr	O	As he passed the tech lab , Gideon came out to meet him in the hallway .
tr	I	After a time , Devlin stretched , got up and went to the nurses ' station like a man on an expedition the into wilderness .
tr	O	My mother read me the story of Daniel in the lions ' den , one of my favorites .
tr	I	The wall ticked clock the hour .
tr	O	I had never imagined that Mark and I would meet again , here on the other side of the world .
tr	O	But someone has to make the first move .
tr	I	It 's Sunday a .
tr	I	Doug said relish with .
tr	O	* * * * After taking off their bowling shoes the boys get on line to square things with the guy at the counter .
tr	O	Her distinct lack of welcome disturbed him .
tr	I	' I don 't need to any make money .
tr	O	He bowed briskly , turning towards Jack and fixing him with searching grey eyes .
tr	O	Elisa , I remembered .
tr	I	I often wonder if she was always crazy even -- before my father died .
tr	I	Joe laughed , but didn answer 't .
tr	O	His blue eyes glittered in amusement .
tr	O	Occasionally , those fiery eyes peeked from the hole , searching for signs of the Empire 's troops .
tr	O	Kevin seemed to be enjoying this situation however , he was laughing a lot .
tr	I	Because I not 'm going to do that .
tr	O	Erica would prefer to settle in a little before she was forced to deal with Don Jarrod 's other children .
tr	I	Josie relaxed and for watched the next opportunity .
tr	I	Three years later , the construction of the first martial capitol of the First Region UMC , Sodom Metropolis , was complete .
tr	O	I told you a dozen times I know you 're innocent .
tr	I	I had never allowed pain or injury overpower to me in the heat of battle ; I simply ignored them and fought on .
tr	I	He switched it on with a swipe of his thumb and took a breath deep .
tr	O	Unfortunately , that pressed their h * ps together .
tr	I	He raised a clenched fist and his then cup .
tr	I	If this is mishandled , a number of will them be in trouble with their own governments .
tr	O	The sunshine feels good , the gate 's locked , and I 'm well armed .
tr	O	You 're far too aggressive and that 's very dangerous .
tr	I	A turtleneck was a bad among sign their kind .
tr	O	As always she skipped the formalities .
tr	O	~ * ~ When morning came and Titus still hadn 't returned , Selena couldn 't help being worried .
tr	O	he cried in disbelief .
tr	O	As we beached the canoes , a red-faced man in a green shirt and green pants started down a rough bank to meet us .
tr	O	The swelling in my chest returned , but in a good way .
tr	O	I texted Evan and asked him to tell his parents .
tr	O	The chair on the other side of the table was empty , but Nancy preferred to stand .
tr	O	Mikaela stepped back into the diner and glanced around .
tr	I	There were no secrets Pauline with .
tr	O	Ricky returns Steve to the ground and with twinkling eyes , crouches down , and throws up his dukes .
tr	I	And there was no signal on her phone mobile , so that was no help either .
tr	O	She cried out , sinking her nails into his arms .
tr	I	Sini 's back faced me , but I could see that her hand strangled her cup a in death grip .
tr	O	Their father took the binoculars .
tr	O	His room is dark too and I strain my eyes to see where I 'm going .
tr	I	He the slammed book shut .
tr	O	Mike looked up from his hands where he 'd fallen to sit on the coffee table .
tr	I	He hugs me back , but only for a second before his hands wrap around my wrists , removing arms my from around his neck .
tr	O	You should see him when he drinks tequila .
tr	I	I met his hand and took he mine .
tr	O	All I can ask is that if you can 't control yourself for my sake , then think of your mother .
tr	I	The horrible wriggling creatures as massed if eagerly awaiting the movement of blood .
tr	I	I know I now was mistaken .
tr	I	I went to the front door , yanking my coat the off hook on the way out .
tr	I	He lifted the hem of her gown floor-length .
tr	O	He said , actually pacing the floor and vibrating it with each step .
tr	I	Jeannie carefully opened the package that her mother had given her on the she day left the Long Lake mound .
tr	I	The huge mirror mounted on the ceiling both fascinated terrified and her .
tr	I	My rattled chains as I caught it .
tr	I	She was walking already toward the main entrance of the house .
tr	O	Smith left a moment later .
tr	I	She her threaded fingers though his hair , surrendering to his kiss .
tr	I	Trill on looked with some consternation .
tr	O	To prove I wasn 't some insane candy freak , I poured half of the gummies back into the tureen .
tr	O	Finally the sun starts to set and we get up from the bench and make our way home .
tr	O	Only , he wasn 't enough to chase away the demons .
tr	O	Pain seared Lucas 's arm .
tr	O	She left the kitchen and walked over to us .
tr	I	Any interference on your part will be as seen an act of aggression .
tr	I	I actually would believe close to the entire school was spread out over all the wide property .
tr	O	A drunken musician was trying to keep a solid tune but failing at it .
tr	I	She noticed frightened his expression and heavy breathing .
tr	I	Kya said , pushed then open the door so Aya could go in .
tr	I	Julian straightens too up .
tr	I	It appears as though Dr. Elliot was keeping the parasites alive in sort some of chemical that we haven 't identified yet .
tr	O	Unlike the plantation , he didn 't give any of the workers the generosity of a coin toss .
tr	I	Starting his at collar , I trace his tattoos , ever so slowly , up , up , up .
tr	O	She was wishing for the same thing .
tr	O	He immediately excluded himself from the running .
tr	I	This was what it must be like , being a normal person , to trying fight her .
tr	I	She didn 't like where this going was .
tr	O	I felt it was not my place to say him yea or nay . '
tr	O	There 's just no denying that we 're attracted to each other .
tr	I	But in the process , he made had other , slight alterations to him as well .
tr	O	She crossed her arms over her chest to emphasize her point .
tr	I	she said , pulling a band out T-shirt of the mess .
tr	O	His mother was stitching furiously at her embroidery , eyes down and her breathing uneven .
tr	O	I must work faster .
tr	I	It hadn 't been updated in at least three decades , to the point that looked it and felt abandoned .
tr	I	Dreamer frowned her in sleep , her mouth parting as she whispered something .
tr	O	This time she took no offense .
tr	I	Saber tested her legs , standing up to gather picnic the supplies into the basket .
tr	I	Ironically , she 'd been trying to do that something should please them .
tr	O	On to more immediate concerns .
tr	O	The next he was losing his balance and tumbling backward .
tr	I	I said getting between in them .
tr	I	They did so now as she listened for shadow the .
tr	O	I took Dash 's hand and guided him inside .
tr	O	The engine whined to a start as Crowe strode swiftly toward the aircraft .
tr	O	It gives you perspective .
tr	I	There was loud another series of rapping .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure what she was hoping she 'd see , but she was disappointed when she nothing saw .
tr	O	He abruptly lied back on the couch and held his arms out to me .
tr	I	They all worked in different places and they all had completely lives different .
tr	I	He probably hadn 't had many friends , with what being tutored at home and all .
tr	I	Rayford then tried to give the assembly bigger a picture of the significance of the moment .
tr	I	His erection , still inside his pants , huge was and throbbing as it pressed against her .
tr	O	Her hands reached for the lapels of his coat , and as the kiss deepened she pulled away , blushing .
tr	O	Liz 's eyes fell on Logan and her hand caught Simon 's attention .
tr	I	I decided trust to my instinct .
tr	I	Danny , Davey , and Chris all in joined .
tr	I	Hell , I 'd had that and look I didn 't want it steered toward Aspen .
tr	I	Clovis 's voice came over the again speaker .
tr	I	You think would I would have learned .
tr	O	What 's going on here ?
tr	O	First of all , there wasn 't a playground , just a big gymnasium with bleachers and basketball nets at either end .
tr	O	She sat next to him as she put on her shoes .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure exactly what he was going to do about last night .
tr	I	Seeing him into reaching the quiver over his back for another arrow she called out a hello .
tr	O	Anything he might say lost appeal as he studied her hourglass figure .
tr	O	No it isn 't .
tr	I	I had no idea what was going on , I just knew , whatever it was , it didn 't bode well me for .
tr	O	One swipe , and I 'd end up just like those other girls , my life bleeding away before me .
tr	I	I to want see you bound .
tr	O	She could see a dark passageway with rounded walls like a tunnel .
tr	O	My fingers stop plucking wet cotton away from my chest and I stare .
tr	I	After all , it didn 't make any to difference the count how late it was here .
tr	O	What was most worrying to them right now was knowing that they had an ocean to cross .
tr	O	I guess all the while we 'd been planning the trip , she 'd been planning to be ill .
tr	I	How that could be , he asked himself .
tr	I	Of course I rude was .
tr	I	It was almost big as as the other ones around .
tr	O	But I got you out of the deal , so I didn 't give a shit about the suit .
tr	O	Dallas puts her hand on her hip .
tr	I	She shuddered and her wrapped arms around her waist .
tr	O	Dr. Rose nodded and tapped his fingers together .
tr	I	She slapped another medicated patch over the wound entry .
tr	O	There were half a dozen stalls , separated by partitions and with small doors to each .
tr	O	' I won 't do it again , Sheriff .
tr	O	Instead he looked like he was trying to put the pieces together .
tr	O	There were smiles from around the table .
tr	I	There were fresh bruises all her over body and a shining stream of blood trickling from her open mouth .
tr	O	Holding him back long enough to get a better look , she raised curious eyes to his .
tr	I	she asked , noting the on frown his face .
tr	O	After a moment , I realized it wasn 't a greenery , but it could easily be mistaken for such .
tr	I	When he gets into the car , Adel pulls out of the driveway and down speeds the street .
tr	O	She was grinning broadly that Errol could point out all of her teeth .
tr	I	My vision and sharpened tinted the world in red .
tr	O	There had been something almost feral about it , he decided .
tr	I	What was it that had these two so men scared , so ready to risk everything to remove me from some mysterious danger ?
tr	I	After we passed through without incident and reclaimed our belongings , turned Ed to the officer with the scanning wand .
tr	I	She removed the orange top and crawled the under covers .
tr	I	A warm hand on my shoulder made jump me .
tr	I	She yanked the lever , and the in slack the chains began to reel in .
tr	O	The wide windows of the bungalow 's living room were out of bounds .
tr	I	Trace was shaking Ashe as came he back to the present .
tr	O	I want to watch it some more .
tr	I	' Sorry old ; boy couldn 't help myself ' .
tr	I	Greg , just a minutes couple of your time .
tr	O	If he was a member of the House of Pyr , then he had to be related in some way to the late King .
tr	I	I to gestured myself .
tr	O	Haven had stolen Dormer 's black sedan from the garage to get her from the Dome to the airport .
tr	I	He slid Lisha off and swiped it up along with a handful of leaves .
tr	O	Lea just slid around the city , doing nothing in particular .
tr	O	Paul laughed , looking down at her .
tr	I	And look it at this way , it might generate some interest in your work .
tr	I	When he saw Grace , he got up and told her to sit while he another got chair .
tr	O	Jon wondered where the girl 's father was , or if she even knew who her father was .
tr	I	She starts climb to up the stairs .
tr	O	It is your mother I fear for .
tr	O	Without another word , he Seeing his muscular back retreating she felt the terror rise up in her throat .
tr	O	He warned me about going off world and working on the mines .
tr	I	Luc his waved hand in front of her face .
tr	I	The baby fussed hardly with the stitch removal .
tr	O	After all , it was Gale who checked our compartment , not me .
tr	I	Chapter Six Maddie 's out coming party was everything she 'd ever wanted and more .
tr	I	I could not see what was done to the man , but from the inhuman sounds managed he my imagination filled in the blanks .
tr	I	Suddenly , the space station did not seem far so away .
tr	O	Benny said , returning the jovial tone to his voice .
tr	I	The tears begged differ to .
tr	O	Somehow he survived , thanks to having learned English at college .
tr	I	He leaned askew in his saddle and fell from his horse as he reached the unit , wounded twice the in back by rifle fire .
tr	I	I gave a her nasty look .
tr	O	It was dark enough that our only light came from strategically placed lanterns along the camp 's main path .
tr	I	Everything I 'd imagined a small to town be held true here in Ashland , Oregon .
tr	I	She didn 't see the storm clouds , nor did she see the sunrise coming up over the horizon in other the direction .
tr	O	My wolf howled in pleasure .
tr	O	He made some choices she didn 't agree with , but that didn 't mean that he was a bad politician or greedy or selfish .
tr	O	I eyed the employees , searching for Eddie 's kind face .
tr	I	He thought 'd she want more between them not less .
tr	I	Flipping the envelope over , I debated whether I open should it .
tr	I	Well , not with a parachute , but she 'd been lowered on a cable with her countless dog times on search and rescue missions .
tr	I	The brisk morning air was invigorating , but too all soon , they stood at the gap in the wall near West Hall .
tr	O	He 's not like the other guys you dated .
tr	O	It just didn 't feel right , and now she felt so cheap and evil for having done what she did .
tr	O	I had just given him an out and now I had to wait for him to take it .
tr	I	It probably shouldn 't have been mine either , except the of anonymity the place held that mysterious freedom I longed for .
tr	I	I don 't want to it change .
tr	O	But that was not what I meant .
tr	I	Stefan and tripped fell , rolled , and looked up , only to find Damon standing over him again .
tr	I	But there 't wasn indignation coloring her features when she turned back to me at the door .
tr	O	Or are you paying her to marry you ?
tr	I	After having dodged Pigeon , the man was facing mostly from away Summer .
tr	I	Chapter Eleven covered Abby her mouth with her hand .
tr	O	Cassie glanced up at him , noting the worry in his blue eyes .
tr	I	His face whole went pale and he almost got sick .
tr	O	Why isn 't Bishop here ?
tr	O	Seconds passed , and seemed to last a century .
tr	I	His grasp was and warm sincere .
tr	O	Link was stomping around behind Lena , trying to catch up with her as she made her way through the lemon trees .
tr	I	Why do we have to involve many so people ?
tr	O	Don 't ask me how .
tr	I	She wanted call to Remi .
tr	I	Bernard said , one clenched fist , his voice frustrated .
tr	O	I felt as though I had shed my skin like a snake , and this new skin would carry me to my new life .
tr	O	And he 's so great at so many things .
tr	O	Getting involved with my ex 's right-hand man wasn 't anywhere on my list .
tr	I	She just seemed to be living her life free his from .
tr	O	I fear they 've crushed her spirit .
tr	I	I was getting tired of elusive the answers .
tr	I	I wander the world for a while and end up in city a with a coast .
tr	O	Knitting is a hobby .
tr	I	I was a firefighter who in was the wrong place at the wrong time .
tr	O	He almost gathered me up by his quick action in closing the causeway .
tr	I	I that wanted back .
tr	O	I couldn 't move my arms .
tr	O	Del a knew how Kylie and even Miranda felt about the whole blood issue .
tr	O	I felt like I was about to lose my wife .
tr	O	What would one do if it didn 't work ?
tr	O	Been almost a year , hasn 't it ?
tr	I	The white makeup quickly and effectively covered all her face and she made credible hearts on each cheek the with red .
tr	O	The widely held belief amongst the general public was that John Judge would deliver them from this dictatorship .
tr	O	thought Gregor , springing to his feet and smacking his head into the ceiling .
tr	I	There was nothing challenging about school especially after last night meditation 's .
tr	I	I moved my hands to hold his arms in place , putting my mouth his to throat .
tr	O	Boone sneered in disgust .
tr	O	He counted amongst his friends a thief from the Warren ( albeit now the acknowledged second daughter of the Duke ) and a Duke 's heir .
tr	I	She lifted head her and her eyes connected with his green ones .
tr	I	Of finding a way into a heavily estate guarded .
tr	O	Race is just someone I know through a mutual friend .
tr	O	One of Anderson 's aides unnecessarily let him know the show was about to begin .
tr	O	I kind of looked like a hobo that had just crawled into the airport for shelter .
tr	I	There I stood in the middle of the waiting area he while sobbed .
tr	I	She seemed to my take hesitation for agreement .
tr	O	Ganondorf asks , handling the situation as amicably as he is able .
tr	O	Moody recalled the time she had run into Cooper recently .
tr	I	Guilt filled her , but she pushed the emotion back , hoping Derek hadn 't been close to enough sense it .
tr	I	The orb crashed to the ground , splashing Echo Shimmer and .
tr	O	No , better to get out while she still had the chance .
tr	O	Not only for how she dressed .
tr	I	These were concerned the with former group .
tr	I	We do will better to await a proper invitation .
tr	O	Lea realized that the girl sleeping beside the bed was the girl that Lea saved back at the alley .
tr	O	From the corner of my eye , I saw both Felix and Jane grimace .
tr	I	Helena set tea her cup down .
tr	O	Resisting the urge to pull out of her embrace because for some reason it made her happy to tear their hearts out this way .
tr	O	' I don 't know where you find them . '
tr	I	He grunted , which took I as a sound of hedonistic fulfillment .
tr	I	Since we were going out for dinner , I took advantage that of forty minutes , more or less , to work out on my treadmill .
tr	I	Chris 's sapphire eyes were thoughtful , sandy his blond hair in disarray as he studied her .
tr	I	I stood so I suddenly knocked a pile of cardboard boxes to the floor .
tr	O	I swallowed and nodded , thanking the receptionist before heading towards the elevator .
tr	I	Disregarding the garments , she called for to him enter .
tr	I	She looks fierce powerful and .
tr	O	Surely it was normal for your first love to always have a place in your heart .
tr	O	He knocked one of her swords out of her hand , so she backhanded him , causing the big ox to stagger away from her .
tr	I	Why you did even carry me to term ?
tr	I	It was like a prickling feeling at the back of his mind ; itch an that could not be scratched .
tr	O	A predatory one who seemed to like to destroy them .
tr	O	The plate followed Dreamer into the kitchen as she dialled on her mobile .
tr	O	Charlie was normally a very caring person , though he did have a low patience level and a very short temper .
tr	O	Her husband was killed earlier in the month and she has two small children who depend on her .
tr	I	Angelina 's annoyed grimace turned into a smile pleased .
tr	I	And opened his again eyes .
tr	I	Vegetable and soup a turkey sandwich .
tr	O	Her body , seemingly of its own accord , moved toward him , turning into his , seeking the security and the strength she felt in him .
tr	O	I nod at his words and continue looking forward at the apartment structure that is now a beehive of activity .
tr	I	She swallowed perfect a bite of eggplant Parmesan and tried to mask her surprise .
tr	O	Every second had been a lesson to his human side to never allow anger , pain , or evil to rule his actions .
tr	I	You hired me for job a .
tr	I	He rapped his knuckles the on counter .
tr	O	Has me jumping at shadows .
tr	I	She watched her go before catching Brian eye 's .
tr	O	Bark turned around and went for his communicator tablet , but was stopped by Tobias ' hand .
tr	I	One pair ... i. what ?
tr	O	Charles had been kind , but firm .
tr	I	There wasn 't to time find a replacement before this morning , but I imagine one will be here by tonight .
tr	O	Timmy 's face went blank for a moment .
tr	I	Cassandra 's senses swirled at the contact unexpected of his lips on hers .
tr	O	A tear trailed down her cheek .
tr	I	Dreams or nightmares , I couldn 't tell the anymore difference .
tr	I	John continued ' your assassination worked squads well too .
tr	I	You didn 't sound this discouraged when you found things the .
tr	I	Maybe he doesn 't that mean , or even think it , but I ascribe those words to him as I suck in a deep breath .
tr	O	He opened his arms for me and I sat on his lap , nestling into his cool stone embrace .
tr	I	The conversation silent fell .
tr	I	We sit in room a in Candor headquarters called the Gathering Place , which the Dauntless have taken to saying in a mocking way whenever they can .
tr	O	Tonight was a soiree , held to celebrate the success of a deal Zane had been active on closing .
tr	O	with the lights out when they heard he was coming down the street .
tr	I	Valentines Day , telling our folks , from going one family to the other on the holidays .
tr	O	My heart rate spikes .
tr	I	With Deputy Smith out of the picture , 's there nothing to fear .
tr	I	So they were still their on own out here .
tr	I	Doing spin a , I ascertained it was empty .
tr	I	Tiny in the distance , three riders were on a line that their matched own .
tr	O	Becky wrapped her arms around the tall man and hugged him tightly .
tr	I	I joined them to peer at the wreath light of paw prints surrounding Charlie .
tr	I	I waved goodbye to Jeannette as I headed towards the elevators gold leading back to the main entrance .
tr	O	Amazed , Ernest watched as the young man proceeded to hoist his younger sister onto his knee .
tr	O	She can accept it , or she can wallow in self-pity .
tr	I	I seeing miss my toes .
tr	I	But the angry words got clogged in her throat when she he saw only had on a pair of boxer briefs .
tr	O	Is this state of affairs in accordance with God 's will , or not ?
tr	O	Her cheeks heat , and Serena finds herself searching for Simone 's bright red coloring .
tr	O	Tessa stood , frozen , staring at the tableau before her .
tr	I	I felt just as safe and warm in arms his .
tr	O	This guy didn 't give up control with ease or grace .
tr	I	I don 't want to endanger by you giving you too much information .
tr	I	Most never witches ascended to those heights .
tr	I	I stepped and forward turned around , allowing the dress to slide to the floor .
tr	I	The quiet moment continued between us and I not did know what to say .
tr	I	Standing just the below grate , he felt the wall .
tr	I	It was as if he had planned it , or at very the least expected the news .
tr	O	The situation had been awkward , to say the least , with her old lover and her new lover confronting each other .
tr	I	I said I as took a step toward the door .
tr	I	I didn 't noticed that my right foot turned to chains long as my anger rose up .
tr	O	As I approached , he smiled at me .
tr	I	The unions replacing were moderate leaders with hardliners as quickly as they could , to take on Margaret Thatcher .
tr	O	Her face was now regaining its color .
tr	I	I can 't even find my voice to ask what happened the to mother .
tr	I	I don 't even know how far my from home I am .
tr	I	Of course , wouldn it 't have mattered if I 'd seen it coming or not .
tr	O	The girls were not malicious yet they were fully capable of committing atrocity .
tr	O	I know I 'm there because I see and hear everything .
tr	O	They approached the pit from the North .
tr	O	' We need to see the director please , ' I said in near perfect Swiss German before she could utter a word , returning her smile .
tr	I	It hurt hell like , so that wasn 't a lie , but it wasn 't the whole truth either .
tr	O	But his wedding was still moving forward , with no sign of doubt on his part .
tr	I	He held his hands his over heart .
tr	O	The End Chapter 1 Tory was hugging me so hard it hurt .
tr	I	Alice jumped to her feet and left room the .
tr	I	Their conversations used never to be stilted like this .
tr	I	I had to learn live to with it .
tr	O	Jill grabbed her phone .
tr	O	He looked at her and smiled knowingly , but fortunately did not comment .
tr	I	You 'd be amazed at clumsy how they can be sometimes .
tr	I	She rather 'd die .
tr	O	Charlie consoled Kate and eventually they went to bed .
tr	I	His truck was parked near country the road .
tr	O	Fox Sports fantasy football draft pick ?
tr	I	How does head your feel , little one ?
tr	O	I shouldn 't have been surprised by either her question or her apparent knowledge of the details of our break-up .
tr	I	He 't hasn broken my serve all day .
tr	O	He gives me that already familiar expression of doubt , and I laugh .
tr	I	With hundreds of bags these at home , there was no reason to purchase brown , paper lunch bags at the store .
tr	I	Instead he glanced the toward wall lined with Crows .
tr	I	Shane laughed , amused but mocking not .
tr	O	Of course she 'd lied .
tr	I	His day wouldn 't have been so chaotic , though , if he hadn 't been at meetings for much the of afternoon .
tr	I	Just to see the it difference makes ?
tr	O	And then finally one hundred years ago I was dug up .
tr	O	It rockets through the train and howls around my ears .
tr	O	Maurice 's usual trick of just talking fast until people got confused didn 't work on her at all .
tr	O	Cara found that out from a Facebook photo .
tr	I	This 't wasn a slap .
tr	I	The initial surge with flowed a wave towards the pinnacle as hundreds of panels of varying sizes vented and vanished .
tr	O	It 's a perfectly respectable place .
tr	I	He loved his car , and he loved especially having a driver .
tr	I	I intended never to do anything that would hurt the company .
tr	O	I turned my head .
tr	O	For a few seconds he stood staring out at her , his face a mask of agony , and then he collapsed backward , out of sight .
tr	I	With a slight nod at me and a smile for Rafe , the waitress gathered my dishes and moved away from table the .
tr	I	He pulled my hand toward him once the disk was in place , pressing skin the of my inner wrist against his lips .
tr	O	They said that she 's the greatest beauty in the district , and that the count sealed her in that tower when he returned from a journey .
tr	O	This was going to work .
tr	I	He picked up and then tied he his jacket around his waist .
tr	O	But the equatorial rain forest was unchanging : winter or summer , the foliage remained the same .
tr	I	Instinctively , she quickened her pace , pleased when Caine gave a growl low of approval .
tr	I	She glances out at the sky blackened .
tr	I	Her legs ached from running , and her face lined was with sweat .
tr	O	Ben ate with the ferocity of a starving animal as he watched Joe and Mike tussle with some of the younger children .
tr	O	Yet Luna might need time to process what she 'd discovered so far .
tr	I	33 and already too late to direction change .
tr	O	Matthew would have found out if he lived , and you know Matthew .
tr	O	They are giving us what we need so that we can win this war for Japan .
tr	I	The vampires around him shifted uncomfortably , rising too , almost as ready though to flee .
tr	I	So get your off mind your problems .
tr	I	He caught of sight a carriage just coming into the street .
tr	I	You 've got smarts whether like you it or not .
tr	O	I knew both men were on the fine edge of defeat , and looked up at father to see if he was going to let this happen .
tr	I	So Claude had sought help outside of channels regular .
tr	I	Truthfully , I 'd been in much better shape since trip my to the beach .
tr	I	You , me , being in the same house , the same room , pretending we not 're looking at each other .
tr	O	But he started it because of me .
tr	I	He spied Torin a few feet away stalked and forward , quickly closing in .
tr	O	Eating alone all the time .
tr	O	A Silent Brother stood over a thrashing man dressed in the remnants of red gear .
tr	I	I 'll scrub floors the .
tr	I	I 'll just have to trust you not to get me arrested supplying for alcohol to minors .
tr	I	We tried calling you and over over again and you wouldn 't answer .
tr	I	Did you drink from the nonstop girl ?
tr	O	If you 're interested just because you want a drummer you 'll have to talk to him .
tr	I	But he not 's scared .
tr	I	His head slumped forward and he breathed more no .
tr	I	Connected in spirit , kissed we and his hand glanced across my breast , testing the waters , but I did not deflect him .
tr	O	But I 'd call Helena , I told myself , I 'd call her more often , and come and see her again soon .
tr	I	It was crazy , weird , exhilarating , the the way two of them communicated .
tr	I	You that knew , right ?
tr	O	In the driveway , he eased the car into park and got out , coming around to my side .
tr	I	Wow , thought Amy , and he was saying that his after second work related affair .
tr	O	He threw it in the trash and plopped down on his back , scooping me up after a second to my new favorite spot on his chest .
tr	I	I smile as Jenna her and other bridesmaids join us .
tr	O	They didn 't like it , but clearly not all of them could go to Delphi .
tr	O	And you know , I 've never done it before .
tr	O	Trust me , the Doctor said that she might have another psychotic episode , and somebody has to subdue her .
tr	I	At Mary noon Lou , the receptionist , came into her office .
tr	O	I 'd wanted him with all the pent-up passion of a deprived youth .
tr	O	Scott caught on to it right away .
tr	I	We were betrothed already , what so did it matter ?
tr	O	There that 's better .
tr	I	It had been hours since drove I out of the Hotel Vanderbilt garage .
tr	I	He jogged to a stop in front of me and panted a few times to his get breath back .
tr	O	Tell Aunt Amelia not to wait up .
tr	I	We believe he had a hidden agenda in mind when he first walked into our Boulder , Colorado office recruiting , and he followed that plan through .
tr	I	We 't can let them win .
tr	I	Romulus spun holding around out his king of spades playing card at chest level .
tr	O	Even after the horror of what we were facing , Amelia was still the best and brightest thing in my life .
tr	I	Abigail Winfield lived in a one-story house five about minutes from campus .
tr	I	I to needed clear my frigging head .
tr	O	The water was falling , falling and not rising again .
tr	I	Her throat dried her and belly tightened .
tr	O	His face is ecstatic .
tr	I	Connor kicked back violently , desperately , Harrison so pulled the shaking body towards him and restrained the boy 's kicking legs with his own .
tr	I	Sal had made him head of IT , computer technology , the section of that ATI developed software programs for various clients , commercial and government .
tr	O	The bones of his skull made him look hungry .
tr	O	Why do I need to get this necklace ; why is it important ?
tr	O	Rhonda 's dry hack pulled Gene 's eyes away .
tr	I	Over it time would reduce you to a vegetable .
tr	I	I said , my temper temporarily removing any of thoughts my own safety .
tr	I	Would I me kill too ?
tr	I	She waited for him to her answer last question .
tr	O	So long as you are connected by the stone to any of our kind , your power is gone .
tr	O	Zane kept his in his pocket .
tr	O	There was a quiet pause until at last , Hawthorne answered the question .
tr	I	He smelled even different , a combination of musk , spice and wild outdoors .
tr	I	His sapphire eyes were clear in the dim lights the lining walkway .
tr	O	She brought up the crossbow and shot an arrow straight into his shifting throat .
tr	I	And then it dawns on Shelton this that is Sunday and they wouldn 't be in school anyway .
tr	I	Elaine the rotated stick of wax over the flame until it was ready .
tr	O	When I took the call about your father from Jameson , there was no mention of a little boy .
tr	I	She 'd hoped she 'd done a better job , but he was walking on his now own .
tr	O	I don 't want you with him .
tr	O	Yep , it was there : her flip knife .
tr	O	Standing motionless for a moment , I gather my thoughts .
tr	I	Her were lips soft and seductive , clinging to his as she wrapped her arms around his neck .
tr	I	I been 'd in his private office twice before , and each time I 'd been devastated by his news .
tr	O	Dominic pushed deeper , ignoring the pain .
tr	O	I think the rest of us do too .
tr	I	This wouldn 't suit my figure all at .
tr	I	He smelled like and firelight pine .
tr	O	I always wanted a sister .
tr	I	Leaders are what their want followers him to be .
tr	I	A slanted scar up towards his hairline on his face .
tr	O	There was talk that some of the top colleges in the nation were looking at Coach Miller to take over their programs .
tr	I	Now there was another son who was falling in love ... and mother another whose intentions were suspect .
tr	O	I wanted her so bad it ached , but I couldn 't stand the thought of becoming another mistake for Maggie .
tr	O	I continued to focus on playing football through the rest of my afternoon classes .
tr	I	This situation dashes any hopes of a quiet ending to conflict this .
tr	O	She pictured the form of the battle .
tr	O	He started to rake a bloody hand through his hair , then thought better of it , dropping it to his side .
tr	O	He shouted so loudly , she cringed .
tr	I	Rick took a towards step him .
tr	I	If they could get across Something - screamed into the air .
tr	O	You were at the compound .
tr	I	I try not dwell to on the deal .
tr	O	We came on account of the lady here .
tr	I	His oily black hair is slicked and thin are lips in a straight line .
tr	I	Downstairs , he found Jimmy in the kitchen , eating a of bowl cornflakes .
tr	O	They 'd agreed to meet at Gus 's , which had long been a favorite hangout of theirs .
tr	I	Even own her home was against her now !
tr	I	Wherever possible , however , transactions were done cash with .
tr	O	Julian gave him a shuttered glare .
tr	I	It means that we 've exhausted every possible we way have of making a case against him .
tr	I	He let the drive rod in slowly and tapped a larger share of beamed the power .
tr	I	He leaned into her ear , another inhaling whiff of her sweet smell , delaying what he was about to say for as long as humanly possible .
tr	O	Grace , a plump and very pretty brunette exclaimed , brown eyes twinkling triumphant delight .
tr	O	And Eve soaked it up , loving every minute of it .
tr	O	The random tones of meditation bells drifted through the temple from the hidden sound system .
tr	I	Unclean meant the person was of thinking deceit .
tr	O	After another few circles the dust sharks turned as one to glide off towards the distant elevator .
tr	I	It is you because are weak .
tr	O	I scratched at a bit of gunk on the window , taking my frustrations out on many years ' worth of grime and who knows what else .
tr	O	Serenity hated the potential for violence inside of her ; she didn 't recognize herself anymore and the knowledge scared her .
tr	O	Bennett held me while I trembled and pulsed and finally came floating back down to earth .
tr	I	He made his way around to her help , his gut twisting at the sight of her in so much pain .
tr	I	He nodded , understanding finally .
tr	I	' Oh , Maria Rosa 't wouldn want that , ' he said . '
tr	O	He doesn 't make excuses , doesn 't blow me off .
tr	O	At Silken 's nod she began to sputter .
tr	I	Not only was this kid watching his mother die , he couldn 't even express how he was feeling about in it a typical manner .
tr	I	She considered anything upwards of bucks fifty a splurge .
tr	I	Sam stopped me to pick the at burrs .
tr	O	Jacobs ' face twisted and he swatted at the gnats around his eyes .
tr	I	The little patted girl her left shoulder .
tr	I	He took a couple steps of backward , but still hadn 't turned away .
tr	I	I guess I 'd have to learn the between difference a relaxed and unconscious heart rate .
tr	O	Della seethed as she tackled him , pressing him into the layer of pine straw covering the ground .
tr	I	She 'd we known weren 't actually friends with Veronica , and she might have been strong enough to fight Adrian 's compulsion a little .
tr	I	But listen , have I a question for you and Patricia .
tr	I	He reflected on for this a moment then smiled .
tr	I	The and hills valleys surrounding the city were covered with miles and miles of vineyards .
tr	I	' So you 're saying that us beneath is that jungle ? '
tr	O	Every person in the room stared at him with mouths hanging open .
tr	I	Chapter Five It taken had Henrietta maybe two hours to pull herself together that morning .
tr	I	Richard was forty minutes late and 't hadn let her know .
tr	O	I guess a light keeper is an important position .
tr	O	So , criticise that at your peril !
tr	O	She knew exactly who was behind all that .
tr	I	He was slender , but far from gaunt , and his dark eyes held a thriving to strength them .
tr	I	My mother was governess a there , so it 'll be quite the coup to be invited as a guest . '
tr	O	That he could no longer sense it , would never have sensed it if he 'd simply come to check on the village , made him uneasy .
tr	O	She makes me feel so much better simply by being here .
tr	O	I 'd spent two days in the palace trying to act as everything was ordinary .
tr	O	The hall appeared to be a dead end .
tr	I	He was , she decided , class first fodder for some mental toying .
tr	I	The music haunting was and evocative .
tr	O	Verena was sitting right in front of the altar like a pillar on which the church was resting .
tr	O	The other women laughed and said : ' On your head be it , ' whatever that meant .
tr	I	To be real honest with you , I never really much thought about Him .
tr	I	Then he looked the at other man squarely .
tr	I	I like adventure as much as the next man , but I 've had far too brushes many with death .
tr	I	I 'd never have the heart to tell a to-die-for gorgeous boy to stop kissing me because it 't didn send out fireworks .
tr	O	After several more moments had passed it was Anya who broke the ice , the others at a loss for words .
tr	I	In fact , worked she long hours because human relations were just too irritating in general .
tr	I	It 's time me for to move on .
tr	O	Preston wanted to beat him to a pulp , to vent his rage over everything Emma had told him .
tr	O	He had just agreed to put himself in harms way to help him .
tr	I	I pull ahead until Corr is distracted and then Puck is suddenly us beside , her dun mare 's ears pricked and clever .
tr	I	He pointed the gun back me at .
tr	I	Jenny pulled me aside as I came Pete into 's awhile later .
tr	I	Then we start counting from again sunset .
tr	O	' Dan 4 Jenny ' and ' Ben iz gay ' were about as sophisticated as it got .
tr	I	I did the on same my side , grabbing my bag from the backseat .
tr	O	He also had no idea what the price of a lime was and put little stock into whatever bargain was being offered .
tr	O	That actually did happen , but I do feel like a jerk for not coming straight out and telling him about the journal and drawings .
tr	I	Arnie laughed at long that and hard .
tr	O	He shakes his head .
tr	I	He had some tea ready and I my started recorder .
tr	I	They headed back to the quietly foyer .
tr	I	Mac felt a needle poke into his thigh , suddenly and he felt drowsy .
tr	I	He had spent hours practicing free throws , letting each side compete freshly against the other .
tr	O	My mom 's in bed since it 's so late .
tr	O	I know him for less time than you .
tr	O	Meanwhile the night had passed and as the day began to dawn he was drawn from his sleep by a gentle force .
tr	O	He moved to sit again .
tr	I	Now that she has been sent upstairs I cannot toss out her .
tr	O	When the prey came in close enough , the Shadow would sweep over , consuming it .
tr	I	Not even death could part the Medallion from maiden the .
tr	I	Maybe I 'd wanted to lash at out him .
tr	I	I looked up and found watching Roth me .
tr	O	She met his gaze directly .
tr	O	Dex stepped into the hallway beside me and lowered the camera .
tr	O	I took him completely by surprise , but he didn 't have the books .
tr	O	' The student does not defeat the teacher . '
tr	I	It also he meant could watch me work .
tr	I	Still , his eyes kept darting to back her .
tr	I	There would never be .
tr	O	Although he didn 't know her very well , she seemed to be acting out of character .
tr	I	Everything in seemed it dry , lifeless ... shocking .
tr	I	Alvin stopped and called for dog the .
tr	I	Clint felt his face red flushing .
tr	O	Ric tilted his head , pressing a kiss to her hair .
tr	I	The rain had up slowed but it was still coming down .
tr	I	Terri and Jane had both bid on men , had but lost out each time .
tr	I	He a was good man .
tr	I	The sun getting was low on the horizon when they finished .
tr	I	Amira could barely sleep that night , alone her in vast canopied bed .
tr	I	She wiped her eyes with fingers shaky and I wished I hadn 't come over .
tr	O	He rose from the table and bowed ; of course he could not stay in her company now .
tr	O	She wrapped her arms around him and kissed him on his forehead .
tr	I	It was trap another .
tr	O	Cindy , she understood , probably didn 't mind walking around town looking like a porcelain doll .
tr	I	I don 't remember discussing or agreeing to any this of with you . '
tr	O	She wasn 't just a normal person , though .
tr	I	She found him in the unlikely most of places .
tr	O	He eyed her seductively .
tr	O	Had he left the building or only their room ?
tr	O	There 's no one on there now , so if you want to get changed and take some time to warm up , that would be ok .
tr	O	I didn 't want to leave Aiden by himself too long , so I logged in and scanned the page .
tr	O	My face felt numb , my lips struggling to form words .
tr	O	I cheer for my teammates during games .
tr	O	He wouldn 't be that carefree about the situation if it had been his fault .
tr	O	In my experience , smoke usually made things dirty and gritty , but I wasn 't about to argue .
tr	O	One of his eyebrows went up .
tr	O	It 's like , I do something for you , and then you must be happy , for me to be happy .
tr	O	Between cases he answered the phone .
tr	O	She glanced over her shoulder .
tr	O	Tonight 's crowd was small , just a few of my old friends and some of the guys Blake hung out with now .
tr	O	But it felt close enough to perfect for me .
tr	I	I think the whole town can be very proud of how well you worked together to protect the here homes .
tr	O	They were about to mess with some very serious energy .
tr	O	Gabe shook his head .
tr	O	John 's coming on so fast that he doesn 't have time to adjust and crashes into the wall beneath me .
tr	O	According to her map , the road would eventually run out and become nothing but dirt .
tr	O	He was flustered by this unscripted intrusion and how close she was standing in front of him .
tr	O	I was the only person on the whole ship who hadn 't called her that .
tr	I	Dreamy was the only for word it .
tr	I	They 'd saved her some pizza wanted and her to hurry so they could see a movie .
tr	I	Finally can I 't take it anymore and hang up on her .
tr	I	If only they 'd had more to time talk .
tr	I	Anything could happen , I and had total control , but no control at the same time .
tr	O	Jack slipped the teen some cash and Mike took his leave .
tr	O	Whatever I 'm dealing with is nothing compared to what you 're forced to deal with .
tr	O	On both the Acheron and the island , they 'd slept until noon .
tr	O	She could not contain her disbelief .
tr	I	Newton has not been falsified but has been extended in domain its of applicability by the greater accuracy of general relativity .
tr	I	I knew about because it I 'd given Kevin a blowjob back there the night he helped his mentor hang his retrospective .
tr	O	I stuck my phone back into my jeans skirt .
tr	I	He at chuckled her words .
tr	O	I focused on the movie trying to get my mind focused on something else .
tr	I	He frowned at her but she didn relent 't , so he stood .
tr	I	My father golfed all day Fridays on .
tr	O	Instead his mouth twitched .
tr	I	It may or may not have played a role in my to decision come here .
tr	O	Her evident confidence in his interpretation appealed to him .
tr	O	I never really will .
tr	I	She almost feels like yawning .
tr	O	I shook my head .
tr	I	She seemed she grieving , anxious , and slightly scared , but beneath all that I saw that she happy felt to be here with me .
tr	O	Someone else is approaching the inn -- a man in a blue coat .
tr	I	All he could see was Janice naked but scantily wrapped in beautiful silk material and surrounded in a sexual light mist that engulfed them both .
tr	I	Perhaps she should insulted be .
tr	I	Yeah , he 's flirted me with a few times , but never acted on it .
tr	I	A heavily built blonde Murderer reaches me first , slashing my at throat .
tr	O	There was nothing that could touch me as long as I remained here , hiding away .
tr	I	He took a swallow of water then spit it out the onto counter .
tr	I	Then will we have a life together .
tr	O	Zo went to open the kitchen door .
tr	I	He looked and confused looked me dead in the eyes .
tr	O	His jaw tightened anytime Stephanie was even mentioned .
tr	O	I knew this right away .
tr	O	He rubbed his wrist , his teeth chattered , but his eyes dry .
tr	O	In a moment my shaking hands had clutched upon one of the powerful electric flashlights .
tr	I	' The is palace not far , you see .
tr	I	My drops mouth open .
tr	I	Master Sole stands behind a desk with standing Roland on the other side .
tr	I	That meant Stannard would quickly discover the copper unconscious .
tr	I	Though her touch seemed to calm him , Mike couldn 't her meet eyes .
tr	O	Tegan 's question dropped on them like a hammer .
tr	O	Then whose blood is on his shirt ?
tr	I	This wasn 't man the who died .
tr	O	Had he been confused enough to leave all his money to himself ?
tr	I	I swallowed back my unease went and over to the table , taking the seat opposite him .
tr	O	I threw open my door and started to get out , which made no sense at all .
tr	O	A dying pine lifted its branches to the fading light and she tilted her head back to peer into it .
tr	I	Shattered the collarbone another of and grabbed the bastard 's gun .
tr	I	She to wanted move forward .
tr	I	I rubbed my palms over my bumps goose .
tr	O	he replied with feeling .
tr	O	I hear horns honking , Jesse swearing , and the screech of tires .
tr	I	Tried to shelter her from very the thing she 'd needed .
tr	I	I 't don trust him .
tr	O	I gnawed on my lower lip and I remembered our neighbor Christine talking about how she 'd just broke up with her boyfriend of five years .
tr	O	It still gutted him to remember how close he 'd come to losing her .
tr	I	CHAPTER IT TEN TOOK HER TWO DAYS , but Nike finally located Atlas 's home , a sprawling estate in Olympus .
tr	O	They never really talked much and I 'd always assumed it was more of an unspoken bond .
tr	O	It was the big question , the million dollar question , as the saying goes .
tr	O	The slapping stopped and was followed by croaking .
tr	I	We 't weren about to tell on her .
tr	I	She gasped as he reached under her bottom and dropped back onto the tub 's seat , pulling her squarely his onto lap .
tr	I	I snapped myself out of my thoughts , quickly my drinking coffee so that I could get in the shower .
tr	O	And the human had been correct - he was burning through all the life forces he had taken .
tr	O	Why do I find that smile so damn charming ?
tr	I	It was the crack of dawn , and she wasn 't to out impress anyone .
tr	I	I held her tight between my body and the and bar snapped my fingers for the bartender 's attention .
tr	O	I couldn 't fully grasp or wield it yet , but the sweetness of that power was heady and restorative .
tr	I	He tried turn to his head , but he was paralyzed .
tr	I	Factors affecting government all like things change over time .
tr	I	Why did Aon Mea , character the for thoughtfulness have an X that crossed somewhere in the middle of the Eon County ?
tr	I	While he 'd known that was Zane capable of killing , Ty hadn 't seen it .
tr	I	Off the top of head my I didn 't know how long it was until her next resurrection , but it couldn 't come soon enough .
tr	O	I was waiting for someone special .
tr	O	Chuck didn 't know what Felix was going through just as I never knew what Ken was going through .
tr	O	Reid and Eric kept themselves below the lip of the hill so they wouldn 't be silhouetted against the bright morning sky .
tr	I	It 't wasn until I took a drink myself that I realized how thirsty I was .
tr	I	She swallows the past tremor in her throat .
tr	O	They 're going to come for us ... Some of you have heard that because you were listening in when they discussed it .
tr	O	What he wanted , he wanted out of love .
tr	O	We 're talking to Desmond Sturbridge at ten AM .
tr	O	It took nearly half an hour for them to realize Riley had walked off .
tr	I	He sits just there , stunned and quiet , while ABC goes to commercial .
tr	I	Once again , there was coming shouting from down below .
tr	I	It 's time we it get all out in the open .
tr	O	Coming here was probably a mistake .
tr	I	Glowing eyes descended from the like wall teardrops .
tr	O	The Christmas tree takes up the entire corner of the lobby , between the fireplace and the windows .
tr	I	And with that , she picked up her backpack started and heading for the door .
tr	O	All the files on those deaths have walked .
tr	O	I 'm following a script sent by NASA , which was set up to make things as easy as possible .
tr	I	He removed the shoestring strap around from his neck and set his binoculars down nearby .
tr	O	I touched her soft skin and the tingling spread to my fingertips .
tr	O	I debated for two seconds how to respond .
tr	I	Gerry explained what he was doing , and the maths behind fuel the situation .
tr	I	Nearly everything days these was digital .
tr	I	He looked so funny flailing around on the ground , like a beetle on its back , that I despite laughed myself .
tr	O	Gabe had never felt anything so urgent in his life .
tr	I	No answered one , though I could have sworn I heard a muffled sound from inside .
tr	O	Oddly , my cold shivers seemed to get worse with time .
tr	O	Jack replied , prompting the soldier to shoulder his rifle at the ready .
tr	O	She reached The Lower Forks Road and the white lines disappeared .
tr	O	I asked a tattoo artist in the next store .
tr	O	Hopefully , any latecomers would be in for a surprise .
tr	O	When we got back , we found that Dale had made soup .
tr	I	I had no idea were you so web savvy .
tr	O	There was a light in Claude 's bathroom window , so I walked around front to check his bedroom window .
tr	I	She slid her hands around his waist leaned and in .
tr	O	I can understand why Mia went to Jeff to put this in place .
tr	O	But it 's not Skyla who opens the door , it 's Brielle .
tr	I	' What you 're gon na call him in the meantime ? '
tr	I	This time the door garage was down .
tr	I	Janie that got shy look on her face that Dillon thought was cute but she wasn 't all that uncomfortable being naked there with him .
tr	I	He was a vampire , just like TV on .
tr	O	Tristan was facing her and suddenly smile .
tr	I	This storm wasn natural 't .
tr	O	I think you 're fantastic and that 's something else I forgot to say before .
tr	O	We 're understaffed , so it may not be until tomorrow .
tr	I	Instructions , precautions and drugs have been prepared and are stowed with briefing your materials .
tr	O	She walked toward the fireplace .
tr	I	I wondered what moral I could draw the from story .
tr	I	The won batteries 't stay in now .
tr	O	Finn paused long enough to salute the doctor .
tr	O	Susan 's her friend who got her the gig at Foodie magazine , though .
tr	O	The spark of amusement in his eyes after an emotionally charged few days was a welcome sight .
tr	I	She rolled down the to window let her long , blond hair flutter behind her .
tr	I	Instinctively , I the let healing warmth flow from me to her , erasing the bruises from sight .
tr	O	God , he 'd fought that dragon .
tr	O	No way could she make it .
tr	I	Amber herself lowered into a chair near the window , hoping to calm him down .
tr	O	This time , I wasn 't going to leave it up to my maid to send the gift .
tr	O	Jimmy clenched his hands into fists .
tr	I	She could taste the bile creeping up her and throat she was fighting back tears .
tr	I	' I 'm in the building , ' he said into phone the .
tr	O	Boasting the shape of a large sphere resting atop a high-rise building , it was the most intimidating ball on a stick she had ever seen .
tr	I	Correct : what about the book Deuteronomy of ? '
tr	I	I smirk myself to .
tr	I	When we arrived at York Rupert started to the whip army into shape .
tr	O	Not just because she hadn 't thought people actually did that , but because she couldn 't understand Ellen 's thinking .
tr	I	Addy 's ex halted in his tracks and they sized each up other .
tr	O	No dust , not even the musty smell you might expect from something that had been packed away for a period of time .
tr	I	Maybe I should just leave it here and come up with something else to put on the Wall him for .
tr	O	Then she heard something that made her turn .
tr	I	' What does your father you think 're doing ? '
tr	O	But that 's not true .
tr	O	I gazed into her light brown eyes and pulled her face to mine .
tr	I	The push sent the surprised teacher back stumbling towards a high wall they were passing .
tr	O	I asked , hoping half-heartedly that maybe there was an easy explanation for this carnage after all .
tr	O	His teacher walked away , shaking his head and muttering to himself .
tr	I	We won 't you hurt . '
tr	O	Sensing he was awake and well aware of her embarrassment , she tilted back her head , intending to slay him with a heated glare .
tr	I	Now he 'd everything seen .
tr	O	She 's staying with us .
tr	O	Rosie , driving Fat Charlie home from Heathrow , decided that the subject should be changed .
tr	O	He glanced at the caller ID to see it was Gibbons before punching the Talk button .
tr	O	She 'd stay in the air until he said down , too .
tr	O	The tanks came and encircled the camp .
tr	I	I pushed him away using the hand that wasn 't into strapped a brace , all the while holding back tears .
tr	I	Matthew reached up and a felt tender knot above his right eye , just below the hair line .
tr	I	It was plain of some these books were printed , and some were not .
tr	I	No , he couldn 't this allow .
tr	I	The wife was but happy less so when she saw a photograph of Mademoiselle .
tr	O	No one liked this Mary , and it seemed she was the only one prepared to spare the youngest girl , Jessica .
tr	O	The raised splotches of red skin were speckled with darker dots .
tr	O	Just as I was about to go to him , he flopped down on the bed .
tr	O	Ted was in an unusually good mood after his discovery that he wasn 't the last person on Earth .
tr	I	A little red dome glowed camera on one and Hammond shifted subtly .
tr	I	To his right , the of floor the hall was packed with shuffling , coughing , whispering people .
tr	I	After giving him a small smile , I ducked my head and hurried off toward the suites , silently praying no one would me follow .
tr	I	Daniel got up came and over to where I was standing .
tr	I	Peeta , bearing a warm loaf of bread , up shows with Greasy Sae .
tr	I	Michael thought that she was just using to them do her dirty work , but Josh thought that they owed it to her to avenge her .
tr	I	It was the ugly cry of ugly all cries , but I didn 't care .
tr	I	I do not really this want .
tr	O	... I arrive before any of the other girls .
tr	I	He opened it and up saw a portrait of the women 's young child , who must have been killed in the early days of the invasion .
tr	O	What seemed like thousands of candles had been lit and placed on the floor .
tr	O	No crude leathers , rather he was armed in light bronze plates with a shining shield at his side .
tr	I	The children fourteen were of widely differing ages and sizes .
tr	I	They all laughed at her antics and on went with their celebration . .
tr	I	With his aunt watching , he knew Kelly 't wouldn have any choice but to use his card and buy herself something nice .
tr	O	As it passed into the light he could make out clearer now that this was no living person , but instead looked more like something dead .
tr	O	His hands were shaking uncontrollably as he floundered with the keys .
tr	I	Teddy 's dad told him that the monster wasn 't a monster , that it was a doctor , but he wrong was .
tr	O	As this came out she could see a nasty enjoyment spreading over this other woman 's face .
tr	I	Actually , she will probably you blame forever .
tr	I	She opens of one her eyes to see what he is doing .
tr	O	Feeling as though I shifted through time and landed back in The Colony , I obey , raising my arms .
tr	O	She looked at his hand then up at him .
tr	O	Rose always stalked rather than walked .
tr	I	Dress pants , and red Santa hats their on heads .
tr	O	Steve was embarrassed by it all .
tr	I	She pul ed back , wiped her eyes , and stared at him stretched out beside her the on tiny twin bed .
tr	I	Nik to turned Ice , his eyebrows riding high on his forehead .
tr	O	Maybe she should have questioned him before opening the letter , instead of deciding to confront him afterward .
tr	I	She was beautiful and I weak was .
tr	I	He looked her at face and tried to remember how good she had been .
tr	O	And that insecurity may be due to the fact that an evil Witch wanted to kill her .
tr	O	His chest tightened , his ability to breathe melted away .
tr	I	None this of bullshit about relationships .
tr	I	He gestured for me to read it so I the pulled note from the envelope .
tr	I	I punch him the in jaw and I hear a crack .
tr	I	When Felix succeeded was as procurator , having already detained Paul for two years , he left him imprisoned as a favor to the Jews .
tr	O	He didn 't hate it and he didn 't hate himself for his lack of opportunity .
tr	O	The involuntary protest was wrung from her , and he released her completely , sitting up in the bed and swearing softly under his breath .
tr	I	The peace in her gaze washed over me and I felt myself returning to normal , my previous moment painful pushed back .
tr	I	And I thought maybe I should be pissed at off her , saying something so ridiculously obvious .
tr	O	Kevin and Selena were somewhat baffled by such straightforward words .
tr	I	She caught the sparks form her blade with stick the .
tr	I	The other children came piling into room the .
tr	O	Figuring out why they want him so bad would be even more of a bonus .
tr	O	Harry warned us of this .
tr	O	I sighed softly , and pressed myself against him .
tr	I	Every time the phone rang , jumped he , hoping it would be some word about Kelly .
tr	O	Whoever had beaten her had done a damn fine job .
tr	I	He had warn to them that something might be coming their way .
tr	I	I 'll have keep to some of it to myself until I understand better .
tr	O	I imagined the destruction bringing it all back to her .
tr	I	He didn 't even need to use any force and I was yielding already , ready to devote my whole life to him willingly .
tr	O	John thought the man was a goner for sure .
tr	O	The black-clad mage stopped in the archway to the right of the center one .
tr	O	He is about to explain this all to Allyson , but then he stops himself .
tr	O	He looked so scared , that I was afraid for him and what we both knew was comin ' .
tr	O	Connie butted in , ' he 's pretending he don 't know . '
tr	O	I didn 't want him to act like nothing was changed between us .
tr	I	Duncan sat across from Colin at their favorite neighborhood pub in late the afternoon as the after-work crowd began to drift in .
tr	I	It seemed to hang near the buildings and scattered lighting of the small city beyond distant the border of the graveyard .
tr	I	You 're on your with own that .
tr	O	Or was hiding something ?
tr	I	Jason tried to summon the strength to speak , but his mouth drier was than he had ever thought possible .
tr	I	He is a hollow shell with worms eating what good is left him in .
tr	I	It caused an in ache my chest so intense it had been hard to breathe .
tr	O	I sniff at his warmth like I 'm a white tailed deer and wonder what the crap I 'm doing .
tr	I	The senior quarterback who had Paul replaced Rose was a friend of his and they stuck together like glue .
tr	I	Brick was meant be to immune .
tr	O	The cab flips over .
tr	O	The same hazel eyes .
tr	O	I slip my feet into clear plastic flip flops and tie my hair in a messy bun on top of my head .
tr	I	I not 'm really sure .
tr	I	I would never admit to him how hard it was for me when he was - gone how it brought back the abandonment nightmares .
tr	O	He said he was sorry , but the crops weren 't that good .
tr	O	These files were all blacked out .
tr	I	But that clearly 't hadn cramped his style .
tr	I	The chair other was empty .
tr	O	We shouldn 't have come here .
tr	O	I served it with rice since potatoes were more expensive than the dried grain .
tr	O	She could feel him offering her the gift of sleep without dreams .
tr	O	He 'd mentioned his girlfriend ; she got the point .
tr	O	It wasn 't anything to worry about .
tr	I	I 've in been the shrubbery of that empty house up the street , keeping an eye on 'em .
tr	I	Henrietta wrote the word in the air , just and as she finished , a surge of energy shot up from a symbol at her feet .
tr	O	Raised as a mortal , the girl was no doubt having trouble getting past the fact that she was having to drink blood at all .
tr	I	Toys , books , other and learning tools such as computers are also accepted .
tr	O	We 're taking it all back , now and the final push isn 't far off .
tr	O	But I went further down to the vacant lot at the corner , then cut back here on the pavement .
tr	I	You the have same look in those lovely eyes as you did the last day I saw you way back in the dark time .
tr	O	Aria widened her eyes and shook her head .
tr	I	What did it say about his heart , or lack one of ?
tr	I	It was so much more friendship than on my side .
tr	O	Yes , the torches had slowed the fog for a time , kept it at bay anywhere the torchlight hit .
tr	I	This was getting just out of hand .
tr	O	From the moment man invented the wheel he 's been looking at ways to take the effort out of life .
tr	I	At the of end the hallway he looks back at me , and then disappears around the bend .
tr	O	A few seconds later , the lock clicked and the door opened the tiniest of cracks .
tr	I	He 's like the hottest in guy my old school .
tr	I	And at what statue it was .
tr	I	She 't wasn capable of more .
tr	I	I to need talk to her .
tr	O	It was like watching a beautiful , deadly dance , the way he moved .
tr	O	Were these six supposed to be what Dryden was attempting to perfect ?
tr	I	She pulled back to look at him and kissed his wonderful , lips beautiful , and suddenly , she was giggling again .
tr	O	He assumed the campfire was a lone traveler like himself and soon forgot about it as he drank from the cool , crisp water .
tr	I	He pointed up at the airship falling the from sky .
tr	O	Eddie shook his head .
tr	O	That was not the case , however !
tr	I	Steve slouched his in chair .
tr	I	Her adrenaline had crashed , she supposed , her draining strength .
tr	I	I 'm her rolling now .
tr	O	He wanted to go to bed .
tr	I	She his rubbed ears .
tr	I	You , 're you going to show leadership .
tr	O	I quickly ran through my cartridge of ten .
tr	I	She obeyed immediately , balancing her box in her hands as she to tried avoid slamming it .
tr	O	Sawyer tried to grab my shirt , to stop me , but I pushed her hands away and hurriedly backed up ... onto the court .
tr	I	She didn 't want a just little longer .
tr	O	She froze , her heart pounding .
tr	I	That your is best option .
tr	I	I sunk a back bit .
tr	O	Liam returned first , placing four holsters complete with pistols and extra magazines on the table .
tr	O	There was absolutely no way out of my misery .
tr	I	He wasn 't hers and he could what do he wanted .
tr	O	Right then , the sound of fast-approaching footfalls sounded in her ear .
tr	O	The work was difficult .
tr	I	Panic me shocks into reality .
tr	I	Jake his crossed arms over his chest .
tr	O	Max escorted her to her room and kissed her good-night .
tr	O	Thank the gods that mortals can 't see Minky .
tr	O	The men turned and Reginald started to follow them , but then Penelope put a hand on his shoulder and turned him around .
tr	O	He stood unmoving with one hand near the Destroyer 's shoulder .
tr	O	Was that too honest ?
tr	I	But I 'm he sure 's dead .
tr	I	Since then had it been a time of immeasurable greatness for the Immortal Ones .
tr	I	I 'll no longer be what am I .
tr	I	He finally asked if I okay was .
tr	I	The halls were mostly empty by now , with the exception of a few drama kids wearing robes black for the school production of The Crucible .
tr	I	Amy got in front me of .
tr	I	I have good a feeling about today .
tr	O	And the smell ... oh , my good lord !
tr	I	And they were capable of seeing what coming was as if it was a battle scene playing out in slow motion .
tr	O	Greg slid his hand along my leg , drawing my skirt up a little .
tr	I	Sera saved had Alexander 's life , though not until she 'd seen the hegemon die from the poison .
tr	I	Joanna put a to finger her mouth , not following why he was bringing this up right now .
tr	O	He let the peculiar refreshing serenity sweep through him , bringing him a deeply rooted happiness at simply being alive .
tr	O	Men were ordered to be murdered in the same manner as ordering lunch by just placing a simple nod .
tr	I	Douglas sat back again down .
tr	I	Her entire backside was blue and purple , around especially the wound .
tr	I	She 't didn want them to .
tr	I	Richard 's laughter cut had like a chainsaw .
tr	O	My word for this outlook is apathy .
tr	O	She just wasn 't sure how .
tr	I	Mackenzie stood , the shutting door firmly behind him .
tr	O	The lies he spanned gave her peace of mind .
tr	O	His smile exploded for one moment , right before it dropped with desire .
tr	O	I was too far gone to object .
tr	O	My Siddons and Kemble are gone , and I am now left with nothing but the inferior features of secondary players .
tr	I	Your wound is lethal plainly .
tr	O	Then , still crouching low , I started making my way toward the office building in the heart of the compound .
tr	O	Before he died , he told me it should be you .
tr	I	I hadn 't cared what Sarah and would Daniel think .
tr	I	He like 's one of the dukes in those romance books you like so much .
tr	I	Raja knew he would make never the turn at sixty miles per hour .
tr	O	I think he said he 's six foot six and weighs two forty-five .
tr	O	I stopped by the grocery store on the way home to buy the ingredients for Tara 's homecoming meal .
tr	I	Greg swam to the side of the river and up hurried the bank into town .
tr	O	He sipped the coffee but didn 't taste it .
tr	O	The clone process is not going to happen in that basement lab .
tr	O	Instead , she just stood looking at me , the expression on her face saying she was hurt - really hurt .
tr	O	Too calling close to an iron in the real eyes , eh ?
tr	O	But now I was an adult , and that meant sharing tiny apartments in overly large cities in pursuit of a little self-respect .
tr	I	Because at the other man 's shout , Duncan pushed her away him from and leapt from the table .
tr	O	Even if it was Viper 's arms around her .
tr	O	We don 't want him to do that , so concentrate on barrels .
tr	I	You will overlook this clause during the final signing of agreement the .
tr	I	If wanted he her to beg , then she would beg , but she would also take all of him she could take .
tr	I	The throne itself was more opulent , despite the scarcity of precious due metals to the war .
tr	O	Jackson frowned and glanced toward the areas of the craft where the outside cameras had already been burst by the cold .
tr	O	The three glared at him and he retreated back to his corner , mumbling to himself about how much he hated it there .
tr	O	Caroline made a desperate , moaning sound .
tr	I	Eric relieved was of having to explain more about Iona by the arrival of Jace .
tr	O	People who go to war to serve and protect what they know as their homeland .
tr	I	Tonya up got early that morning , left David 's bed , took a shower , got dressed and made a quick cup of coffee .
tr	O	She apologized for not being able to get rid of her dad last night after the trial .
tr	I	Zayne at stared me .
tr	O	He leaned over and opened the door .
tr	I	With a sigh , rolled Isabella back against her pillow and stared up at the ceiling .
tr	O	Leslie was no stranger to fights between parents and children .
tr	I	He couldn 't hold himself up anymore and felt thump the and jarring of his body as he landed .
tr	O	And that losing him was a big enough failure to trump all of her later successes ?
tr	O	She referred to his stained sword and the buckets for dipping their arrowheads .
tr	I	All the brothers stared at me with wide eyes and knelt on ground the .
tr	O	That was Horus himself , I 'll bet .
tr	O	Jack sits at the kitchen table flipping through the phone book .
tr	I	A low voice behind us made me startle in 's Dale arms .
tr	O	Surges of red energy began to shoot out of his body , damaging the floors and walls .
tr	I	If that was the case , it wouldn 't be a very sea deep .
tr	O	It 's part of how I 'm wired .
tr	O	Henrietta turned again ; she could hear a steady dripping noise to her left .
tr	I	At military bases outside the ASSC states , planes ships and left their bases bound for bases within the ASSC states .
tr	O	She took the fork out of my hand and fed me .
tr	O	Jake here kept trying to convince me we should just tie the shopkeeper and his employee up !
tr	O	My heart leapt -- a gift from Cassius ?
tr	O	And there was a time when I was the only one who saw this in him .
tr	O	A long suffering look came to her face .
tr	O	After a long and cautious conversation , he 'd upped my paycheck and added to my responsibilities .
tr	O	I breathed slowly and took my time answering .
tr	I	He grinned to and himself hurried out to his car .
tr	O	It had been addressed to a newspaper reporter , so the kil er had to have known that the letter would appear in the paper .
tr	O	She shook her head .
tr	I	We don 't dare let ourselves otherwise believe or even hope it .
tr	I	There was a half full pot coffee of remaining .
tr	O	Eleanor smoothed his hair again .
tr	O	I had him on the floor , and we were both a few hits in , panting , when he spoke .
tr	O	He was the most private of the four boys and the one Rena knew the least .
tr	I	The paper cup of coffee teetered dangerously on his knee , held in his hand slack .
tr	I	In the darkness , I glided my hand the along unstained wood until I discovered a latch .
tr	O	I jumped on top of her and punched her in the face .
tr	I	To any human there , Julian and simply I vanished .
tr	O	Read on and I hope you enjoy three of my favorite works .
tr	I	She got up from her chair in that moment , kicking my foot as she so did .
tr	I	More and more , their forms faded out , their but words were clear .
tr	I	She was the good that hoped he would overpower the bad .
tr	I	Jax looking was at her intently , his eyes roaming quickly over her face , down over her body .
tr	I	He was sure felt Samson the same way .
tr	O	He had loved her as a sister .
tr	O	He needed ... to find ... Zane ... She wasn 't doing it the right way .
tr	I	But my side sensible speaks up this time .
tr	I	Why all the men gear and ?
tr	I	We are teaching them how to utilize their powers and look at how strong they are becoming and how they quickly are growing .
tr	I	If he 'd me seen , no way would I have lived over that .
tr	O	The blank look her temporary fill-in had given him too many times over the past fortnight had filled him with frustration .
tr	I	She patted the beside spot her , glancing up at him from under her icy lashes .
tr	O	Lily 's gaze settled on his face .
tr	I	Ryan watched him walk away down hall the .
tr	O	Every single day I 'm trying my best to blend in , keep my head down , and survive .
tr	O	The corner of his mouth curved into a smile .
tr	I	PLEASE , I CAN AID YET YOU ... DELIVER TO YOU WHAT YOU DESIRE MOST OF ALL . '
tr	O	He 's devilishly handsome with a crisp white T-shirt , his hair brushed to the side .
tr	I	He me surprises and pushes into me .
tr	I	Turning to Kendra , he gestured toward a door the on other side of the room .
tr	I	I to went see what was inside .
tr	O	I looked up and - Oh .
tr	O	This terminal is not going to work for us .
tr	O	I frowned as I considered that .
tr	O	But then the booze starts scorching through my veins again and I follow him inside and up to the second floor .
tr	I	After all , it 's always nice know to .
tr	I	I have no choice but to follow up with a add blunt on .
tr	O	I was enjoying our little show .
tr	I	I secure my helmet , goggles , and vest before getting a leg from up the groom to mount .
tr	I	She wordlessly stepped over to the coffee pot and took the last of coffee the .
tr	O	There was still a chill .
tr	I	Ending up in the twice office in the same week .
tr	O	Some of them , Daniel noticed , had gone to extremes on their projects , making them elaborate and detailed -- and big .
tr	O	I lower my gaze wanting to stare at my feet but I see his fists .
tr	O	At least Keith and some of his lacrosse friends were at our table .
tr	O	The slanted morning sun warmed his striped orange fur to show up golden against the green of the plants and the dark brown of the stone .
tr	I	We don 't have time for foolish your adolescent scuffles .
tr	O	In my head too .
tr	I	It was quite obvious the Normans coming were to fight .
tr	I	He didn 't appear to care that was he surrounded by armed soldiers .
tr	O	For a moment they stared eye-to-eye , neither willing to back down .
tr	I	She up looked at him in surprise .
tr	O	You did beat him up pretty well , Kane , so I don 't think bumping up the monthly payments to twenty-five grand is out of line .
tr	O	She sighed and pinched the bridge of her nose , closing her eyes .
tr	O	I screamed , and banged on the trunk lid , but the sound was swallowed up in the starting of a big engine .
tr	I	As Mom the started show , I glanced over my shoulder .
tr	I	For so long she didn 't know if Lily was a figment of her imagination or she if were real .
tr	I	Harry pursed lips his and made a peculiar sound with his teeth .
tr	I	Do anything you to need increase your Shield powers , and get yourself surrounded by people .
tr	O	Moira worked with Nellie in another position two years ago , and they kept in touch .
tr	I	The man off shot his seat , furious .
tr	O	She 'd been inordinately perceptive about his meeting and how the hell had she seen the plan that night ?
tr	O	The water is flowing sideways over the middle of the sink wall before curving back down to fall straight into the drain of the other basin .
tr	O	Mom asks as I shovel a bite of Cookie Crunch into my mouth .
tr	I	Bill Pomeroy stared at us , raising eyebrows his in mock surprise .
tr	I	The most time-consuming part of it was making those minute adjustments that eliminated signs all of her previous condition . '
tr	O	She placed her hands on the edge of the desk letting him take control of her body .
tr	I	Kai 's laptop was gone , as was his laptop bag , his and lamp was turned off .
tr	O	I wonder if he knows I 'm a Grim Angel .
tr	I	She won 't get far being without spotted . '
tr	I	He looked me at with a mixture of pity and contempt .
tr	I	Morgan took in a deep breath exhaled and .
tr	O	I got up to take a seat at the table .
tr	I	All I know is that I not 'm going to put my face down in shame because some jerk is ridiculing me .
tr	I	He held me close his in arms , barely a breath between us , and moved us as though we 'd practiced a thousand times .
tr	O	She always grumbled and was talking to herself .
tr	I	The more have you , the more desperately you want him .
tr	I	Advise your clients to down pull that house , and go back to Australia .
tr	I	I picked up it .
tr	I	he asked , moving back to against lounge the door .
tr	I	Karen continued to stare Daniel at .
tr	O	She shook her head .
tr	I	Like night the before , tonight she was wearing a sundress that accentuated her figure .
tr	O	I 'd fainted only once since becoming vampire and remembered it vividly ; Gavin kissed me and then blackness had come .
tr	I	She wondered what he 'd been before like the loss , the bitterness , the life-altering decisions .
tr	I	I thought of Richard the III Society ; all those people interested in these times , all these centuries later .
tr	O	The signs had been there .
tr	I	She tried to act like didn she 't care , like I was just some guy she met once .
tr	O	Everyone she saw wore the same white cloaks .
tr	O	Oasis would always take me back , but I wanted to prove to Lynnette and Melisa that I could survive outside its walls .
tr	O	' That sounds well , ' sneered Saruman .
tr	I	Why take her and him not ?
tr	O	She set of into town full of determination and within fifteen minutes she was walking up the High Street and could hear his voice .
tr	I	Chapter Four Zach wanted Heather with hunger a he 'd never felt before .
tr	O	But there was rancour in the Second Nun 's voice .
tr	I	She and smiled hugged him .
tr	O	Instead she was surprised to find him staring at her with his usual intensity .
tr	O	The chain itself was made out of strands of mistletoe , with several small petals dangling off it .
tr	O	There was another snap and another and another .
tr	I	The entire afternoon and evening seemed to flash by a in second , because we were having fun .
tr	I	Probably she intended to the finish traitorous work she had already begun .
tr	O	As the door opened and closed , I could hear the cast chatting loudly inside .
tr	I	Their weapons lost power , falling to the to ground be abandoned and buried .
tr	O	Morgan followed with Samantha taking each step as if her feet were planted in wet concrete .
tr	O	She smirked , and shook her head with a laugh .
tr	I	Then a rope snaked out over his head landed and right beside Willy who was trying desperately to swim in the muck .
tr	O	His physician and former classmate wanted to speak to him and that couldn 't be good .
tr	O	Why leave that , when we don 't know where to even go ?
tr	I	He knew that he hadn 't given been the whole story .
tr	O	Keith asked , his voice lower .
tr	I	Jones took drink a of beer .
tr	I	I slowly turned over and started feeling around the end table to turn off it .
tr	O	She switched back over to the secure network and pulled up a web page showing the current DEFCON , or Defense Condition .
tr	I	And McDonagh was strange a name ( not that some of Callum 's people didn 't have strange names ) .
tr	O	He told the nurse he had an intolerable craving for some beef broth .
tr	I	I have to hand it him to .
tr	O	It was easier , and a hell of a lot safer , to be on his own .
tr	O	I can 't wait until I 'm grown and have my own place ... I know you hate it now , Nick , but savor it .
tr	O	The police department investigated the scene of the shootout where dead bodies seemed to be all over the place .
tr	I	The assassin would then track down and eliminate Barry , closing the loophole largest .
tr	O	I can see his face gearing up for a confrontation , so I walk over to him and touch his arm .
tr	I	I braced myself for the impact , but by some miracle the car ground to a halt only millimeter a from the next car 's bumper .
tr	O	Despair haunts the steps of the common people .
tr	I	Gary impatiently paced until Beau managed to maneuver the craft to the edge of the swamp .
tr	I	This darkness held warm shadows the and sound of rustling trees .
tr	O	He paused as if waiting for questions .
tr	I	Frankly I don 't know whole a lot about it since I 'm not a neurologist .
tr	I	Surrounding Zep and the group were over three dozen men in white combat harnesses , like those they 'd earlier encountered .
tr	O	But Peyton hadn 't filled out any of the questions about his life , his family , or his job .
tr	I	I was only the messenger , and if Alistair indeed was impressed he would meet the boss , as until then the department had to have denial .
tr	I	But I wouldn 't be any help to her if I and caved had a drink .
tr	O	In fact , I 'd always thought that I could get away with never talking about it again .
tr	I	It went straight through the deer head 's .
tr	I	Her snug sweater showed off a soft , curvy figure that begged be to held .
tr	I	You don know 't these guys .
tr	O	As the band passed by , some people winced at Auron .
tr	I	She keeps my patting back rhythmically .
tr	O	His clothes were tattered and ripped , but he still radiated power .
tr	O	Something has struck my back as well , but doesn 't seem to have penetrated my vest .
tr	I	With a shudder , he across stepped the room toward the bed .
tr	I	She looked to either side of porch the .
tr	I	Ingrid toward turned me .
tr	I	Someone sighed behind her , and turned Emily around .
tr	I	Something close to the truth so it wouldn 't hard be to keep up with .
tr	O	He shook his head .
tr	I	But David Tom had already told his honey bunch .
tr	O	Looking at the clock , she knew there was nothing she could do to change what she was wearing .
tr	O	Elizabeth woke late in the morning , and found herself alone .
tr	O	Then she just stood frozen .
tr	O	Clark was slinging guilt at her and she needed to step away , stop being his target .
tr	O	Not only has she changed , she arranges her hair in a bun with long string flowing from it .
tr	O	He pulled Olivia back down the corridor .
tr	I	I will have to find a to way get free and help my brother .
tr	O	I see a gas station ahead , and force myself off the road and into the brightly lit convenience store .
tr	I	She got 's a sign .
tr	O	Chapter 9 -- Reading and hiding I spent the afternoon reading the three remaining diaries .
tr	I	But so have I. I feel her eyes on me as shovel I in hunks of meat and potato like a man starved .
tr	O	Lucky for him , he did not have to try to blend into the woodwork .
tr	I	I 'm done so with the tears .
tr	I	CHAPTER 28 It dark was , not late , when Archer pulled up to Josie 's place .
tr	I	That was what you did in game this .
tr	O	Why not just let go , trust the earth to catch me ?
tr	I	She 'd never seen her in a vulnerable state before she and didn 't know how she felt about it .
tr	I	Monday , April 2021 5 The dollar debacle went as predicted and U.S. currency becomes effectively worthless in foreign markets .
tr	O	He expected you to come back for me .
tr	I	Her nervous energy brought pace her to a brisk run , crossing the distance to the crumbling wall in short order .
tr	I	He thought this feeling inside was him shame .
tr	O	He sat down at their dining table .
tr	I	My husband is a not vampire .
tr	O	Sam sat beside her , his back ramrod straight , his hands clenched in his lap .
tr	O	At dawn werewolves shifted back into human form .
tr	O	She is welcome to sit too .
tr	O	A bright yellow , glistening light that radiated warmth like the sun on a perfect summer day .
tr	O	It wasn 't him .
tr	I	Dundee was small enough to make a chance meeting than more a remote possibility .
tr	O	She marched into the open living room and headed toward the bookcase to grab a few off the shelves .
tr	I	He turned on the shower with one hand , then dove the under warm spray .
tr	I	The said doctor that I am healthy and everything is okay .
tr	I	I made it a steps few into the house and turned .
tr	O	John always spent hours outside , whenever his nurses would allow .
tr	O	My life was pretty uneventful .
tr	O	Marty lifted the Chevy 's tailgate and slammed it home .
tr	O	I tag along with Skye occasionally , but it 's not really my scene .
tr	I	Autry grabbed keys the to Tracy 's cell .
tr	I	But neither one would stop the fighting or bedding the .
tr	I	Yes he told her and we were not even charged for the either service .
tr	O	I 'd show her focus .
tr	O	I believe in her , Rye .
tr	I	He positions himself against me , kisses me on side the of the head , then slowly enters me .
tr	O	But what he said next surprised me more than anything else he 'd said or done .
tr	I	He doesn 't think about twice it either .
tr	O	They weren 't in Harlow 's league , though ... No !
tr	I	Agent Ward had never at smiled her before .
tr	I	He pulled a card out of his pocket handed and it to Henry .
tr	O	He was well and truly stuck .
tr	O	It all seemed crazy to me at first , then intimidating , but now that I had done it , it felt like nothing had changed .
tr	I	Again , he didn 't answer her , simply jerked around raised and himself up .
tr	O	I sigh with relief .
tr	I	The slope beyond the palisade was acute and the at ditch its base deep .
tr	O	He 'd need to hurry if he was going to catch up .
tr	O	It all felt like a big mistake .
tr	I	But , someone else her found , too .
tr	I	Not when it came right to down it .
tr	O	A doctor walked in with a clipboard and I stood up .
tr	O	His h * ps were moving faster , pressing harder , she melted further into him , tightened around him .
tr	I	Ian helped Simon with the dead fish while she on stared .
tr	O	Azalea could literally feel a pain so deep she could have sworn there was a knife sticking out of her heart .
tr	O	Not even a single vampire hiding in the shadows to spoil things .
tr	O	What feats we might have performed for the world .
tr	O	It wasn 't a feminist statement .
tr	I	He lives two about hours away , which pisses me off .
tr	O	Mary asked a few moments later once they were in her bedroom .
tr	O	His hands roamed her slick curves .
tr	I	And since then ... for eight thousand years , we have only on lived as a very scarce tint of our older grandeur .
tr	O	Lexi made a sound in her throat .
tr	I	And sun the moved high in the sky .
tr	I	The heroes hurried past while paralysis the lasted .
tr	O	She knew there 'd be no stopping him .
tr	O	I feel it making hot circles over my clitoris .
tr	O	A couple of large oak trees shaded the front yard and the house .
tr	I	And there will be commercial no flight .
tr	O	He had a ridiculous smile on his lips , and Danica felt a bit like she was on display .
tr	O	She licked her lips .
tr	I	I steered our course toward the garage parking .
tr	O	Even when Matt was unemployed for months she kept it hidden from me .
tr	O	She gasped , feeling as if he 'd hit her .
tr	I	She him grabbed , and for just an instant , her fingers seemed to slip right through his body .
tr	I	They were not far from the freshly section inked of his map .
tr	I	He had just returned from and delivering installing one of his metal creations to an art connoisseur when he heard strange voices from upstairs .
tr	O	Apparently neither could Phyllis , as she was cross-eyed .
tr	I	But I no make promises .
tr	O	He probably thought I heard what he just said .
tr	I	Selena lowered her eyes as he looked up her at just in time to catch her staring .
tr	O	I looked away from him again .
tr	O	My brows rose and my eyes narrowed .
tr	I	I grab his hair roughly with my other hand , him yank out of bed , and drag him into the small bathroom .
tr	O	I 'm dreaming , I thought .
tr	I	It was the first letter Len from .
tr	O	The vine popped off the first branch .
tr	O	Hana would have been proud of it .
tr	O	He shimmies up and over falling into the new room .
tr	O	You can imagine the reaction of the Governor who listens to one more story about one more river that flows to one more sea .
tr	O	I 'm going to keep my head down for a few weeks .
tr	O	There was beauty within the earth .
tr	O	She saw him all the time without a shirt when he was landscaping .
tr	O	Chapter 22 I was up all night .
tr	I	Now was it up to his allies to get the Amendment passed by three-fourths of the states and provinces .
tr	O	The base was less than ten minutes from the freeway .
tr	I	Fallon Jones had walked through the door front of the cafe that same morning and sat down at the counter to order coffee .
tr	I	She hadn 't intended to actually fight him ; otherwise she 't wouldn have chosen the dangerous blades .
tr	O	Plus , if I had left my car there that 's where I would go , upwards , there wasn 't any other direction of interest .
tr	O	A bout of laughter sounded off up above .
tr	O	Silently , Sam twisted off an apple from a nearby branch and set it in the center where the casket had been lowered into the ground .
tr	O	I have to do something .
tr	O	Across the road she could hear barking .
tr	O	I start to pull out again but she whimpers and squeezes her legs around me .
tr	I	Seconds passed and the eyes yellow remained motionless .
tr	I	Vane ignored Tabitha 's question he as knelt in front of Bride .
tr	I	Kenzie gasped , and I yanked into her the trees as the monster lunged , barely missing us .
tr	O	I haven 't been to a proper ball in many a year .
tr	O	The pain stunned her , and it wasn 't until her mouth filled with fresh blood that she realized her recently healed lip had split open again .
tr	O	Emma shakes her head .
tr	O	The handspun wool of the kilt was more valuable than the cashmere coat and lawn shirt put together .
tr	I	These walls were covered with iron works into dating the nineteenth century .
tr	O	I 'll tell you later .
tr	O	But surely if something too awful had happened , she wouldn 't be here .
tr	O	Precious time was wasted winding my way out of the Nichols Hills neighborhood but I finally made it , driving straight toward Hefner Parkway .
tr	O	Andrea took Sean 's hand .
tr	I	Grandma had just died and she would go over to his house every day to check him on .
tr	I	The look was before gone I could be sure , though .
tr	I	He stared out at the nocturnal cityscape , didn but 't register the view .
tr	O	That 's a lot of coral .
tr	O	Suddenly they turned into a dense part of the forest and onto a lightly used trail .
tr	O	I got the saline solution and clean rags .
tr	O	Brad snapped his finger near her ear , and she jumped .
tr	O	There 's a possibility that there is a new drug on the street that we can 't detect .
tr	I	she demanded , referring her to missing daughter .
tr	O	I 'm really starting to get annoyed with this .
tr	I	Todd took Paulette on many other getaways romantic .
tr	I	We could have a pandemic our on hands !
tr	I	He looked up as the waitress returned with drinks their .
tr	O	He might be weak , but there was no silver chain to stop him .
tr	O	Outside , more shouts and shrieks ring out in the night .
tr	O	Eddie looks back up at me .
tr	I	Holly , always thoughtful the one , offered to help Dan set up his room .
tr	O	Was that awful or what ?
tr	O	Luke did his best to keep us dry with his umbrella .
tr	I	He opened glove the box and found a stack of road maps and a small leather folder the size of a purse diary .
tr	I	His biting is a that symbol you are being allowed into their family .
tr	O	Until I met you .
tr	I	Surely still she wanted him .
tr	I	I 'm zoned in the on sequence that propels me forward , hammering again and again , releasing all that anger with each hit .
tr	O	The young adult lady smiles at me .
tr	O	That was why she loved to paint now .
tr	O	The blue man adjusted the mirror and glanced to the backseat , his oversize eyes filling the glass .
tr	O	Avery 's drunkenness took this as an appropriate sign to have his way with the woman while she was so easily accessed .
tr	O	No descriptions , no tag number , nothing but a white four-door car .
tr	I	Dare was glad was he driving .
tr	I	I be 'll back next Monday morning .
tr	O	He gently takes my hand in his .
tr	I	Now , crimson ink from branched both scars , forming glorious wings .
tr	O	He saw the incomprehension in my face .
tr	O	A close examination from the doctor would be able to tell .
tr	I	He was still looking at her in a way that made clear didn he 't understand what she was saying .
tr	I	But no matter how hard I searched the trees , I saw no evidence of nest a .
tr	I	he shouted the over engine roar .
tr	O	Janelle froze , holding her breath .
tr	O	And I 'll get over being angry .
tr	I	How was I going to compete with those all years of history ?
tr	O	Evan was going to be feeling a lot worse , Kate knew , when she met him at the door with her luggage packed .
tr	I	Because I 'm on side your .
tr	I	I of think Ari .
tr	I	They re ´ not the same .
tr	O	She couldn 't put a finger on what it was , but there was something about him that worried her .
tr	O	He pushed her away from him and held her there .
tr	I	He flung me aside and staggered I , almost taking a header into the bushes ... but still I held on to his lapels .
tr	O	It sounded familiar even as a new dread gripped my body .
tr	O	The other man looked confused .
tr	I	By half past seven the front of the was store already a brown , sludgy , sloppy mess .
tr	I	But being around Maggie made it hard to him leave in my past .
tr	I	He reached down , pulling one of the shadows to its feet , and heard muttered a curse .
tr	O	Neil wasn 't playing for himself anymore ; he was playing to represent them .
tr	O	The drowned girl she had seen on the beach ?
tr	I	Although said some they had never seen a man like that on their turf .
tr	O	He looked down towards the floor of the valley and saw mostly woodland - the perfect terrain to lose himself in .
tr	O	He captured her hand , which hung limply at her side , and lifted it , meeting it halfway with the descent of his mouth .
tr	I	I pushed my chair back and walked toward the counter small .
tr	O	I shook my head in annoyance .
tr	I	The king sat down at his desk , running his hand over his black beard , now to starting show hints of gray .
tr	O	The moment blood came into the picture , his Fallen nature surfaced .
tr	I	Sarah went down the list crossing each item off as she added it to suitcase her .
tr	I	They the 're voice of the One Who Guides Us .
tr	I	I back look at the TV .
tr	O	She took a step back , laughing again , letting the sound warm him , ignite the fuse deep inside him .
tr	I	What if the windmill gossip flew regarding the Italian count and Alexa ?
tr	I	She was beguiling , just she always was , the but tension that she had been carrying had kept her face pale today .
tr	O	Removing her Levis and western blouse with front snaps , she opted for a short sleeve shirt dress with tiny yellow flowers in a swirling pattern .
tr	O	Then he seemed to remember I was in the backseat .
tr	I	She carried no weapons , as none of them trusted with her them .
tr	I	I chased her after in the hallway .
tr	I	Chris went to one side of the chest , to Nate the other .
tr	O	There was something ... seductive about his arrogance , the way that he utterly commanded the space around him .
tr	O	Matt ran to the window and peered down .
tr	O	She handed it to me .
tr	I	And who know would that ?
tr	I	I frankly am astonished . '
tr	O	Were they out there in the trees right now searching ?
tr	I	Maran , I should know than better to have doubted you .
tr	O	A depravity that I always fought to keep at bay to try to be a better man .
tr	I	I don ´ t know what ´ s going to knock me first out , her blade or her disgusting breath !
tr	O	I shuddered , imaging what had happened once the boys and I were removed .
tr	I	He those needed women as hostages .
tr	O	He could only hear the loudest of sounds , and his sight was restricted to seeing whether the room was light or dark .
tr	I	The classroom empty was .
tr	O	I let go of him , and the guy standing next to me nudges me with his elbow .
tr	O	She hailed from Sweden , and there was something about her clean design and use of natural colors that called to me .
tr	I	She into reached her bag .
tr	I	Maybe I 'm wrong about the creature -- I hope 'm I wrong .
tr	O	Colby doesn 't know that I can 't tell one side of a cookie sheet from the other .
tr	I	I sat back against a of pile my pillows and listened .
tr	I	For starters , was he going to crash the party .
tr	O	She can hear everything .
tr	I	Dagmar answered the for boy while wrapping her arms around Frederik , squeezing him tight .
tr	O	She chewed madly on her lower lip .
tr	I	He slid his other hand around her waist as she braced one of on hers his arm .
tr	O	This , the trip , had nothing to do with how much they all loved each other .
tr	I	Two later hours I sat on the couch beside Christopher .
tr	O	It was the things that she kept seeing that were more of a worry .
tr	I	The scene cut to the studio news where a distinguished looking anchorman calmly continued .
tr	O	Something went down , and I 'm not angry about it .
tr	I	Scattered applause his met announcement but also a few sad cries .
tr	I	' They angels 're .
tr	I	Or maybe it the was warmth of her tone and the smile on her face that caught the baby 's attention .
tr	I	Chapter 16 : After the descent I 't don know exactly what happened .
tr	O	A gentleman would walk away .
tr	I	He must be keeper a if she wasn 't talking .
tr	I	The relief and ... joy of being connected to someone tears brought to her eyes , but she blinked them back .
tr	I	Two more bolts pounded into the side of the boat the near front .
tr	O	There was no other word for it .
tr	O	Eleanor went to it and pulled out the box .
tr	I	So many these tears past few days .
tr	I	I wanted to know you in a no way one else did .
tr	O	He 'd hate to hear it , but apart from his eyes , his hair is his best feature .
tr	I	The one who sent us Erebus to to save you .
tr	O	I am this new person , an empty person , and I think I 'm broken .
tr	I	Nathan put his hand on the counter steady to himself .
tr	O	Damn the man for not installing a dishwasher yet , anyway .
tr	O	Catching my expression , he chuckles again .
tr	O	It was there , while eating in a largely empty restaurant , that I told her my plans .
tr	I	But she 's mine now , so I will make her fall in love me with completely .
tr	O	We just have to make sure he really does disappear .
tr	O	That one made me laugh , my discomfort passing .
tr	O	Brittany was an easy sell .
tr	I	I knew the news was bad when she refused to eye make contact .
tr	I	Dean back leaned , his chest rising beneath the white v-neck throttling his biceps as he inhaled a thoughtful breath .
tr	O	He was surprised to see her looking so pretty .
tr	O	My muscles won 't respond and every movement makes my skin scream .
tr	O	Bailiff ... restrain the prisoner .
tr	O	I tucked myself in between the rocks and stayed mum for the moment , my heart beating in fear .
tr	I	The wind is ruthless it as finds me in the arch .
tr	O	It had gone wrong .
tr	O	Forte had developed his own regimen for these types of all-night watches .
tr	I	He could have merely gone mad , sensing his mistress dead was .
tr	O	She replied in disgust .
tr	I	Why wasn 't Dorian crying over corpse her ?
tr	I	She 'd the finished bidding and would stick to the bargain .
tr	I	I shouted after him then , still with bristling fury , stomped out of school and all the way home .
tr	O	James stepped back and rubbed a hand down his face .
tr	I	I 't don even stop to think what 's going to happen when I get in there .
tr	I	Bodies in snow the !
tr	O	I haven 't hiked over there in a long time .
tr	I	* course Of not .
tr	O	She was the first thing that came to his mind .
tr	O	I don 't say it aloud , but this is March , which means I don 't need to .
tr	I	He that knew his mother would dare not cause a scene here in front of everyone , she had a certain image to keep .
tr	I	I kept my eyes the on plate .
tr	I	He butted me with his shaggy head black .
tr	I	Thick and white , it flowed from his chin to wide his belt like the tail of a horse .
tr	I	I looked at him , a little irritated he that was making this big decision for me .
tr	O	The minutes dragged by until finally she heard his voice .
tr	I	Beth vision blanking began out as the knife came closer to her face .
tr	I	She was presence a .
tr	O	I understand the Times will be carrying a picture in the next edition . '
tr	I	Then she glared at the salt and pushed at it with a withered forefinger , prodding into it heaps and whorls .
tr	O	I concentrated on turning back to myself .
tr	I	First , we should take my new car or the Mercedes ?
tr	O	Grief and despair weighed him down , drowning him .
tr	O	He ran towards the horse baffled as to what had happened and he stopped in front of the majestic huge black horse .
tr	O	He had lowered his pitch when he said my name .
tr	I	Let her see how I close 'd come to letting my charge get killed ?
tr	I	The sun hung low over the eastern horizon , casting dancing of shards light over the foamy sea surface .
tr	O	There is no comparison , so get that shit out of your mind .
tr	O	Except that pain was easier to bear because it was shared .
tr	O	( FYI ) Bitcoins are associated with a high level of risk , as they are volatile and currently under no regulation or legislation .
tr	O	It was well after midnight when she tiptoed into the kitchen , carefully avoiding the squeaky board in the floor .
tr	O	Smile , she thought , smile , through the sustained hurricane of worship .
tr	I	It suddenly occurred to me that I had left a man in his late lying forties in a basement , gurgling .
tr	I	He called the waitress over to remove plates their and bring them some coffee .
tr	I	Peter gave me an wink exaggerated .
tr	I	She should have tried to break free once they were out the of van .
tr	I	Names of individuals and companies used in book the , unless historical fact , are pure fiction .
tr	I	He could feel her smiling against his face , his and heart swelled .
tr	I	He knew now that .
tr	I	I can 't find the carpenter always who did our work .
tr	O	Jason explained the ability of the mushrooms to suppress memories and keep swamp animals away from the tree .
tr	I	Holiday asked Kylie a in low voice .
tr	O	Lady Lauda Aldous generally didn 't have a kind word to say to her .
tr	I	Mac cursed his stupidity own .
tr	I	Lyssa could hear the voices distant of her classmates laughing oblivious to her absence .
tr	O	As she cast her eyes down the menu , she felt her appetite diminish .
tr	I	I forgot my strength extra .
tr	O	' You know , these photos mean so much to me . '
tr	O	Vane ignored Fury 's outburst .
tr	I	From the date , it was the probably last party Eliza had ever attended .
tr	O	I turned the key and opened the door .
tr	O	He knew that it was a possibility .
tr	O	Cole screamed , rushing forward .
tr	I	He was going to Sarah see .
tr	O	He could not place the source , but it was out there - wherever out there was .
tr	I	I worry her about .
tr	I	I really should get back and try to her kill .
tr	I	Helping sort her blocks .
tr	I	He 's looking me at like I 'm an idiot .
tr	I	I stood now , he and with me , and there was a long moment of silence .
tr	O	He gave his mother a hug , then managed to walk up the stairs without flinching .
tr	O	He got out of bed , his naked body pale in the shadowy darkness .
tr	I	Edwin with asked feigned concern .
tr	I	He now knew more the about different types of cuts and color qualities of diamonds than a man had any right to .
tr	I	She had said , though , that she really didn 't have any she friends could talk to .
tr	I	Each wore the same -- expression a mixture of shock and elation .
tr	O	He flips onto his stomach and pushes up to his hands and knees , panting from the fall .
tr	O	My pounding heart constricted and I took a quick intake of air , afraid , for a moment , that I wouldn 't be able to breathe .
tr	O	The thought of not having Bennett in my life filled me with such melancholy that I inhaled sharply through my nose .
tr	O	He takes a pillow and shoves it under my hips , before parting my legs .
tr	O	Maybe a little irritating for Mom to listen to , but I figured she 'd forgive me .
tr	O	I have to wonder how long they 've been imprisoned .
tr	I	I was nearly tears in , now .
tr	I	And if this whole situation scares you , wait just .
tr	O	Instead , she reached over and took my hand in hers .
tr	I	The acrid smell finally registered Hannah in 's brain .
tr	I	Turning his head , he saw Amanda coming through the doorway , in dressed sweats .
tr	I	Even so , through the tiny recording device that Robinson had hid in flack his pocket , they were both beside him .
tr	O	Very well , let 's start with Pink Teddy Designs .
tr	I	There no was reply .
tr	I	Maybe it would her save .
tr	O	His dark eyes caught hers across the room , and she smiled .
tr	I	Suddenly I came up short , detecting another in body the tunnel , just ahead .
tr	I	My mom had a few too many tonight drinks and I almost lost it .
tr	I	He given 'd his blood to help Nika , and in her book , that made him a hero .
tr	O	I grabbed several shot glasses from the dishwasher and took a seat at the table .
tr	O	Harsh , but true .
tr	I	My sense of direction was never very good and I was so turned around , I really had no where idea we were .
tr	O	Enforcement members were intimidating enough without covering their faces .
tr	I	Curious , neither of us had ever heard Terrance 's assistant him call the president before .
tr	I	The acceleration constant was and there were occasional clicking noises that Seldon imagined might be the passing of individual magnets .
tr	O	You never told us how your date went last night .
tr	I	Am I betraying my own in teaching too short a group of sentences ?
tr	O	Hues flicker and pop .
tr	O	Where ... Leaning close to steal one last kiss .
tr	I	The kids smiled and laughed , pleased by Ariana violin 's playing .
tr	I	Nothing happened for a seconds few .
tr	I	He 'd made his years decision ago .
tr	I	She saw his silhouette as stood he at the living room window .
tr	I	Still , she couldn 't help noticing he made his fashion own statement of sorts tonight .
tr	O	I adore the ballet .
tr	I	He get would Stuart back .
tr	O	But this was so important that she 'd have to just come around .
tr	O	In silence , we rode up in the elevator .
tr	I	Lois didn 't quitting regret her job .
tr	O	He looked small now under his slouch hat as he looked back at her .
tr	I	This was no time to analyze mistakes his .
tr	O	Was she already seeing to the truth ?
tr	O	Now that that 's cleared up ... Scott , on stage with Brie .
tr	O	But of course he made it worse .
tr	O	Which could mean anything .
tr	I	Make it good , because fifteen werewolves and three stormed humans Winkler 's house tonight .
tr	O	How could he know he wasn 't hurting innocents ?
tr	O	The black sedan was waiting in a visitor 's parking space .
tr	O	Lucas placed the book on the coffee table .
tr	I	He held her in his arms , for grateful a second chance .
tr	O	I wrote to Teagan in the morning before class .
tr	O	They 're my feathers .
tr	O	Ethan dabbed his mouth with a paper napkin , and I got a glimpse of his knuckles - already healed from the blows .
tr	O	I 'm trembling so hard I don 't think I 'll be able to hold myself up any longer .
tr	I	She could tell how exactly much those words meant to Wren .
tr	I	I 'm too old to pretend to something be I 'm not .
tr	I	I adored him even more than did I on that night .
tr	O	I stand up and kiss her on the forehead .
tr	O	Arjuna 's concentration switched up then .
tr	O	Caroline didn 't think about avoiding a scene or being careful when hot pain radiated from her shoulder joint .
tr	O	Was she a loose woman by nature ?
tr	O	We hadn 't talked since I opened up to her two days ago .
tr	O	Thibault breathed a sigh of relief as he made the shaky rise to the platform .
tr	O	I nodded as we followed her into the master bedroom .
tr	I	But he her knew name .
tr	I	My were tears so hot now they seemed to burn my face .
tr	O	I wish I could actually feel that blase about the whole thing .
tr	I	He set his cup in its saucer and leaned back , leveling his gaze her at .
tr	I	Nothing was exposed to the beating sun but their hands , and were those red and cracked and scabby .
tr	O	Did she really have to spell it out ?
tr	O	She is not his type , but she makes him wonder if he truly knows what his type is .
tr	I	The next few weeks passed peacefully and life at Castle Wolfram settled into a pleasant routine .
tr	O	Protection , just in case .
tr	O	He reached out to take her into his arms but she flinched and clutched the sheet even tighter .
tr	O	T was a compliment .
tr	O	Every step she took from then on she took with some trepidation , prepared for the world to flip .
tr	I	He stepped back in confusion , unable to decide if he should try and defend himself or and turn run .
tr	I	she asks , humor in creeping her voice .
tr	I	Anne wasn 't sure how to or feel what she was supposed to do .
tr	I	Every part of my body aches , like a knives thousand have been stabbed into me instead of one .
tr	I	a voice out called to me .
tr	I	I 'd just as soon drain you for dinner and be with done it .
tr	O	The computer technician hasn 't figured out a fix .
tr	I	Not up showing , especially at the last minute like this , was a hardship on everyone .
tr	O	Elena watched the sheep .
tr	O	When he looked at her with those black eyes , his hair tumbling onto his forehead , all she could think about was kissing him .
tr	O	He heard the question : ' What do you want , Gerald ? '
tr	I	She was who someone needed protecting , and she 'd always been able to rely on Anton .
tr	I	Was still she pissed ?
tr	I	She felt dizzy as exited oxygen her body in swirling tendrils .
tr	I	You will no longer oversee the women of the keep will nor you enjoy the privileges you 've enjoyed till now .
tr	O	Devon leans against the door , watching Tammie carefully .
tr	O	My better judgment is telling me I shouldn 't flirt , but I punch it right in the mouth and say what I 'm thinking anyway .
tr	O	And I fainted once again .
tr	I	So did the image of a man on lying the floor at his feet .
tr	O	The wedding weekend just got better .
tr	O	Maybe he was glad .
tr	O	Yes , there 's a lake .
tr	O	She stalked to the living room , placed both items on the table next to the couch , and sank into its soft cushions .
tr	I	another lacrosse player asked drew and closer .
tr	O	she asked , her voice tinged with anger .
tr	I	She put the key in the lock and , a like teenager sneaking home from a late night party , turned it as quietly as possible .
tr	O	It 's just that , you know , I was ... That is , I 've heard of things that happened to , you know ... people .
tr	O	She inhaled loudly , her back arching against the force of it .
tr	O	Her words soothed my soul deeply .
tr	O	A furrow appeared between her brows .
tr	O	Soon more blazing teardrops began to weep and flow in rivulets , slowly erasing the details of the Seal .
tr	O	That might be arrogant , but it was the truth .
tr	O	She shook her head .
tr	I	Alex had the car packed and waiting the in paved courtyard .
tr	I	With a subtle nod , acknowledged Armand the little jest wearily .
tr	I	Mrs. Dark bent was over the staircase railing , howling with mirth .
tr	O	Caroline tried fitting a piece of the puzzle .
tr	O	Words she 'd heard before .
tr	I	I looked behind me for guys the .
tr	O	The next blow shall be ours ! '
tr	I	Can you tell and Dad Martin ?
tr	I	The black metal mailbox nailed to the brick face the of house was half open and visibly stuffed with catalogs and other mail .
tr	I	It entirely never dissipates .
tr	O	The entrance was so well defended that they made little progress against it .
tr	I	Thomas glanced over his shoulder , noting that his fair-haired , usually mellow cousin was but anything mellow now .
tr	I	Shay glanced over the piles food of .
tr	O	I drop my gaze to the writing on the floor .
tr	O	That sent a whole new wave of frustration over her .
tr	I	Jake smiled his feral in smile return .
tr	I	The scent very was male and weakened her knees .
tr	O	More than just his sinful body and smoldering eyes , it was the way he treated her .
tr	I	I couldn accept 't this outfit !
tr	O	I reckon there 's one or two things you ain 't bin tole ! '
tr	I	Finally , we stood the at large , intricately carved double doors .
tr	I	I my tilted head , curious .
tr	I	Another member of Bjorn crew 's spilled out the contents of a leather bag .
tr	O	She deserves my respect .
tr	I	They get to the corner of the block stop and .
tr	O	She just wondered what it was about her that made him like her so much .
tr	O	Instead , I grin like an idiot until she walks past me and greets Nat and Kate with an enthusiastic hello .
tr	O	Moving to my car , I left them there , him in his delusion and her in her pool of blood .
tr	I	He turned the off car and unbuckled his seatbelt .
tr	O	Kids were whipping out lists and cookies and digital cameras , while I just had Vile Bodies .
tr	O	Valkyries will carry me off to the hall of Blind lo where there is perpetual feasting and drinking ? '
tr	I	The garage had haunted become .
tr	I	he said , to looking Saga .
tr	O	He snaps summoning another bottle of wine .
tr	O	My family and I respected your privacy then .
tr	O	I couldn 't literally see red , but I knew where the phrase came from .
tr	I	In the control room , Eddie getting was quite a show .
tr	I	The general reached into an inner pocket of the Mao civilian suit he wore tonight and removed a long , slender cigar .
tr	I	She was squeezed in two between girls on the couch , laughing and talking .
tr	I	Having Nic so close was making remember me things I 'd spent years trying to forget .
tr	O	Thirty seconds later , Kenny 's Ford Edge was safely ensconced in the garage , out of sight .
tr	O	After a time , the houses began to thin , and the occasional plot of open land began to appear .
tr	O	Surely he wasn 't seriously describing his grousing about the trouble with my schoolwork as a conversation ?
tr	I	I study front the of my black birthday envelope .
tr	I	Powerful men their want women looking and acting a certain way .
tr	O	Maybe he 's watching the Predators on TV ?
tr	I	Something her told she might not want to part with it so easily .
tr	I	He was looking up Bootsy Mildred Katz .
tr	O	And now my heart breaks all over again .
tr	O	And I 'll help you , Jamie .
tr	O	Its flames stopped and it continued to run through the village .
tr	I	Who did you in meet America ?
tr	O	My stomach growls and I realize it 's close to lunchtime .
tr	I	Marcie 's thinned eyes to slits .
tr	I	What happened next explained the absence the of coins .
tr	I	And then he was standing in her doorway office , those hard , challenging eyes looking down at her with something she couldn 't quite identify .
tr	I	I warn her that I look nothing the like Malcolm Bannister she met in prison .
tr	I	A flicker tiny of hope sparked inside Chloe .
tr	O	He felt something tighten around his ankle , his head hit the ground , and suddenly he was upside down , swinging gently left to right .
tr	I	I just want talk to .
tr	O	Instead , he held his son against him and bent to kiss his brow .
tr	O	Her skin burned as it had when the dragon killed her , a blistering pain she hadn 't survived the first time .
tr	O	Armed guards stood watch at each entrance point .
tr	O	Blake headed out the door .
tr	I	Josh wiped the sweat his off face with his sleeve , smearing a streak of red dirt across his brow .
tr	O	Because Pendleton , too , stood , and he placed himself between her and the door .
tr	O	He raised an eyebrow at Bobo as he spoke .
tr	O	Send them a bottle of champagne and gift baskets with my apologies and best wishes for the holidays .
tr	O	In that moment , she truly felt as if Rodney had ripped her heart out and stomped on it .
tr	O	Saturday - January 26 , 1985 I had a really bad case of the flu but I am feeling a lot better now .
tr	I	While I was packing , my eyes on lingered a half-finished puzzle on my desk .
tr	O	Austin felt a pang in her stomach .
tr	O	And she was tempting .
tr	O	He would like us to come .
tr	O	They were meant to feel it like the lash of the whip , driving home their destructive path .
tr	I	It was almost as though Death was speaking his thoughts very .
tr	I	Daisy thought , I 'm getting too old for shit this .
tr	I	He gravitated toward her , dying to know what she was doing in there , just needing one more glimpse .
tr	I	Isaac watched the film afterward , and Greenspan advised again that John was best left alone as long as he was being reasonably well behaved .
tr	O	He was trying to touch his toes .
tr	O	The only problem is I got in a fight with some strange man earlier and he seems to have messed up my crystal .
tr	O	He has pride and prejudice in equal measure , but they only serve to make him stronger .
tr	I	She raised hands her .
tr	I	At the same time , the point SEAL activated his magnetic hooks and began to climb , a spider scaling monolith a .
tr	I	Anyway I 'm not eager to spread how around I was taken in by that old woman .
tr	O	It was light returning from his human eyes , a small circle growing steadily in size .
tr	O	He grew a beard , oiled his hair , became a radical , and was beloved on the lecture circuit .
tr	O	I don 't really know how to explain it to you right now , but he is gone .
tr	O	I could feel the bloodlust rising inside me as my disgust turned to anger .
tr	O	Since there seemed little danger of anything getting into the cave , everyone took him up on his offer .
tr	O	What if this night was a failure and she ended up feeling like an idiot ?
tr	O	She just stared at him .
tr	O	I hated being controlled , and nobody could break me .
tr	I	At rst they were too on big me , but I put on a thick pair of socks over my tights , so they 're comfy now .
tr	I	As they walked Eris noticed that there were symbols on the walls corridors that would glow feebly when the blue orb passed .
tr	I	It is not safe traveling out on the plains Texas in just now , as I 'm sure I do not have to say .
tr	O	The ancient philosophies tell us to align ourselves only with these intangibles as utility because ; our own consciousness has worth only as intangible .
tr	I	He was like an eagle looking for mouse a in a field .
tr	I	I have to see my son , make sure he 's okay ... Yes , someone will ... talk you to ... take you to him .
tr	O	Cameron 's eyes glinted .
tr	I	I wanted to him feel inside me .
tr	O	She 'd stubbornly refused to consider it .
tr	I	But he didn mean 't it in a lecturing way .
tr	I	Leave a message if I 't don answer .
tr	I	Parsons been had so proud of the baby .
tr	O	For example , I don 't see it as any problem telling Mito what we 're doing , but we don 't have to tell her everything .
tr	I	We going 're to take care of that freak .
tr	I	And things if develop like they did this afternoon , we 'll pursue them .
tr	O	I should 've kept my mouth shut .
tr	I	She depended the on drug .
tr	O	I asked through the crack in the back door .
tr	O	She felt sick , and angry .
tr	I	The Falcon is definitely going to know her , but there no is harm in having some fun .
tr	O	I asked , snapping out of my shock .
tr	I	Once she returned to the obstetrics ward , she was in an for inquisition that could teach the Spaniards a lesson .
tr	I	Then Riva ashamed was .
tr	I	She to wanted come in .
tr	O	Stefan gave a tired smile .
tr	I	His shook father his head sadly .
tr	I	The older the person receiving the Mark , the greater the of chance a bad reaction .
tr	I	I suspected this was what needed to be done to bring vampires the back with you all along .
tr	I	To believe it in .
tr	O	He dug into his back pocket for his wallet , thumbed through the dollar bills to his only twenty .
tr	I	Being a vampire was all about power plays and games mind .
tr	I	I didn 't like feel puking .
tr	I	Beyond the was campsite miles and miles of uninhabited land .
tr	I	I 've it let fester too long .
tr	I	Brian takes my arm , not gently , and gestures with his other hand to the back of pub the .
tr	O	No , surely some girls are joking with her !
tr	I	A twinge peculiar went through her .
tr	O	She had never before realized how amazing this was .
tr	I	She would to go the movies alone , as planned .
tr	I	He was carrying a large platter , set with a meal , which placed he on the cube before them .
tr	I	It had been designed that way , though he couldn 't have foretold the current benefit he was getting it from .
tr	I	Only went politics on .
tr	O	She was able to conjure up wildly distorted images and emotions from her past .
tr	I	Had Painter the suspected man all along ?
tr	I	She felt as if she 'd been waiting this for moment forever .
tr	O	Even if he didn 't include her directly in his praise .
tr	I	Perhaps something he that has had less personal experience with .
tr	O	I 've been putting everything I have into simply stopping the countdown .
tr	O	I have maybe ten seconds of peace before I hear footsteps .
tr	O	The lawyers hadn 't known what to say to that , but Doyle had worn the blue shirt .
tr	I	The elves took every advantage over the mortals who could not uncover the falsities by the which elves maintained their ascendance .
tr	O	Abby was first to take those last few steps ; she held her breath , readying herself for the worst .
tr	O	She was pretty sure her voice cracked .
tr	O	That 's when I finally took note of Evonne 's hand .
tr	O	He thought of the gray day outside when he went to see the Emperor .
tr	I	None us of were asleep .
tr	I	He would think her dead if he could not see the pitiful rising and falling of chest her .
tr	O	He scrunched his heavy eyebrows .
tr	O	If I didn 't know any better , I 'd swear his eyes were brightening as we sat there , looking at each other .
tr	I	It was a all charade , and it made him sick .
tr	O	His hands trailed up her back , quickly unhooking the latch of her bra .
tr	O	19 The turbulence continued to increase as Brian drove the 767 across the wide stream of vapor feeding into the rip .
tr	I	she huffed as carefully I opened the gift .
tr	I	This cryo tube was developed after the glass my boxes parents and I were frozen in .
tr	I	Liam voice 's is raspy and distant .
tr	O	I glance over at my father , silently begging him not to make me engage in small talk with his girlfriend .
tr	O	It was way too obvious .
tr	I	With that thought firmly in mind , she let her sympathy for his loss up rise to drown her silly hormonal meltdown .
tr	I	Her body was twisted now into something resembling one of the pretzels Leigh Ann continued to eat .
tr	I	She looked at Simon , who nudging was Neil .
tr	I	I expelled heavy a breath and barely noted it was cold enough my breath was visible against the night .
tr	I	A figure black in stood in the doorway .
tr	I	In fact , were they guilty of any more than planning secret a meeting ?
tr	I	It was New England oatmeal with maple syrup , but I gave Elise some cheese to go with it and she generally seemed satisfied .
tr	O	It was at that point that I realized something else : Someone was still on the boat pinning the Water Beetle against the dock .
tr	I	The gesture brought a lump to her throat and made her glad she hadn 't ditched the kids favor in of her personal life .
tr	I	My hand brushes past the of strings energy .
tr	I	He tenses I and know he 's figured out what 's been bothering me , that it 's about marriage and our future .
tr	I	She ran at John with surprising speed and her swung sickle .
tr	I	Even in the dark Zoey could see was he flustered and frustrated .
tr	I	Benji sets plate a of eggs and bacon in front of me .
tr	I	She wasn 't certain what they would out find or even if she really wanted to know .
tr	O	He waved Ty and Zane over , and after another moment of confusion , Ty got up to step around the other side of the desk .
tr	I	He surprised was to see there was no doorman when he entered .
tr	O	His face remained shuttered as it usually did , his dark eyes raking my face .
tr	O	I didn 't show how little the job appealed .
tr	O	It 's a charade , he thought .
tr	O	Preston used his apron batons to direct and halt the aircraft , which was painted in silver and white , with air force insignia on its sides .
tr	I	He drummed fingers his on the table , thinking .
tr	O	The homeless didn 't last long in Beta Sector .
tr	O	Marti and six other women were seated at a rectangular table .
tr	I	Something passed between us night that .
tr	I	Her eyes were drawn to the north side , where gentle rolling hills back laid off the towering cliffs .
tr	O	We thought hunting you or one of your colleagues would be harder .
tr	O	He 'd been obvious , and even though I knew it , I 'd still let him hang around me .
tr	O	We both fell headfirst .
tr	I	That 's why stopped I by .
tr	I	I be 'll in my room . '
tr	I	She recognized the voice mental , and the hand clamped across her mouth .
tr	I	Finley ´ s dad can ´ t be one the of Arcs or can he ?
tr	I	Charity waited until she had left , then shut door the .
tr	I	Ahmad was standing at the door , emaciated his within white robe , his face a pale mask .
tr	I	Raven for struggled control .
tr	O	She downed a sip of soda .
tr	I	No , I wasn 't dancing just for the of fun it .
tr	I	He done had that in Chicago .
tr	O	So , he wanted her to have something to make her comfortable during a potentially long discussion .
tr	I	' Close enough to London but without the tourists , ' Zeus said with a smile .
tr	O	I want to pick out carpet and curtains with you .
tr	I	I asked , getting annoyed by my 's dad rudeness .
tr	I	Their beat wings the air .
tr	O	She recovered the jar and smiled at the boy .
tr	I	If the Bod music had heard until then was a prelude , it was a prelude no longer .
tr	I	Some days she was lucid , and she 'd let treat him her as a man should treat his wife .
tr	O	He turned to look at me .
tr	O	She made baked chicken with lemon , corn on the cob , and cornbread .
tr	O	Maybe Wikipedia would have something about it , but we really need to ask Leon .
tr	O	Everyone scrambled to their feet and squeezed into the hall in a panicked knot .
tr	O	He closed the door behind him .
tr	I	The rest of the made crowd their way down the slope .
tr	O	He steps forward and finds my ear .
tr	I	In her office she climbed back into wet her trousers .
tr	I	CHAPTER FIVE I my do grocery shopping first thing every Friday morning .
tr	O	It was because my friends there have fathers . '
tr	I	It was nice to have someone to sit with , to have someone talk to to .
tr	O	Miranda just shook her head in disbelief .
tr	O	A few more steps and I felt the ground grow harder , more rocks and gravel than forest debris .
tr	I	Jac brought attention his sharply back .
tr	I	He would not do that Danika to nor would he let his friends hurt her .
tr	O	Thomas began to rub his head absentmindedly .
tr	I	He might 've been referring to the weather for all the emotion in revealed his voice .
tr	O	Simon emptied a bag of chips in his mouth .
tr	O	Instead , he took a step forward , kneading the brim of his hat .
tr	O	With a soft touch that was very much at odds with his character , Joshua Cook proceeded to spray her wound with the specialized compound .
tr	I	Josie 's heart skipped Hannah at 's name .
tr	I	I her told it was just allergies .
tr	I	She was still in her party clothes from the night before , with complete a loaded backpack .
tr	O	Either way , my case got stronger and stronger .
tr	O	Calvin waved him off .
tr	O	I say , and turn back to the window .
tr	O	She had a small breathless voice like an asthmatic child and it was clearly evident why amplification was mandatory for her .
tr	I	It naturally followed that they fell in love and after a few months of courtship they married were .
tr	I	One perfect night , when all of her dreams become had reality .
tr	O	I felt challenged by her innocent remark , but I bit my tongue .
tr	O	Kim being upset was so foreign to me that I almost couldn 't process it .
tr	O	She threw clothes on the ground and then I heard her take a sharp breath as she stuffed something in her bag .
tr	O	He would find me .
tr	O	Eli asked putting away his dagger .
tr	I	My mind refused to register significance its .
tr	I	I was sitting alone , watching the houses go by and wondering who lived in them , and inventing stories of grand their lives .
tr	O	As he spoke with one of his friends , he cursed the day Xavier was born and called him every nasty name that came to mind .
tr	O	They decreased altitude once they were over the coast , and flew out another ten miles before Preston got onto the radio and called in their position .
tr	O	The fighting instinct had left so many of them , they simply waited for whatever doom the McGill had in store for them .
tr	O	He thought for a moment and chuckled .
tr	O	I personally have always wondered what happens to my socks , ' said the Bursar cheerfully .
tr	O	His dark brown eyes were very much in focus .
tr	O	She lets her hair out of the pony tail and slips off her dress to reveal the lacy red lingerie underneath .
tr	O	We got the ball on our own 15 yard line with 85 yards to go .
tr	O	Charlie smiled at Kate and then addressed DeVries .
tr	I	That was more than most children Afghan could dream of .
tr	I	Understanding that his good friend was right time this around .
tr	O	But no doubt he was about to learn .
tr	O	Between the creaky sign and the empty house behind him he was getting the creeps .
tr	I	I peeked at over him .
tr	I	She stabbed portion a with a fork , then pushed her plate away .
tr	I	He suddenly realised that Isabella was by close and sucked his gut in as best he could .
tr	O	The bright white paper sailed from his hand and surfed away on a wave of moist air traveling away from the cascade beyond .
tr	O	I just needed him close .
tr	O	There was her father , scowling as always , his arms folded across his chest , though what concerned him today , Gwen didn 't know .
tr	O	The dragon ornament at the head of the bow even contained large kerosene lamps for the added effect of fire-breathing .
tr	O	My parents knew exactly what buttons to push to make me feel like an ungrateful child .
tr	O	A small town lay only half a mile below them but they didn 't head for it .
tr	O	I smiled back then giggled .
tr	I	When I looked back at the girl , I saw that she now was sitting as far away from me as possible .
tr	I	About an hour after noon suddenly he came out of the wood into bright sunshine .
tr	O	How many of them will even consider calling out to God ?
tr	I	Briggs 't didn rise to the bait .
tr	I	I laughed , because Aiden whenever cussed , I couldn 't help it .
tr	O	The Angel knew that all deeds that come straight from the heart bring great joy to all people .
tr	I	If nothing else , he could pretend they were fodder cannon .
tr	O	It 's then that I notice the dark circles beneath his eyes .
tr	I	Ben eyes 's are wide as he looks up at me from the ground , his hands pulling the zombie 's mouth from his legs .
tr	I	You cases work together .
tr	I	Dev and shared Lex a long look .
tr	I	She was the after Goddess all .
tr	O	Their rutting whipped the ocean into froth .
tr	O	I just shook my head .
tr	O	He 'd come in the morning of the meeting to pick up some paperwork and had smiled briefly when she 'd wished him luck .
tr	I	I am sick and sad you without .
tr	I	How else would mercs the have known where we were refueling ?
tr	I	I smiled , glancing down at notebook my .
tr	I	My eye notices something on the cup I and look closer .
tr	O	It 's his normal .
tr	O	A small surge of satisfaction coursed through my veins .
tr	I	She was starting to fall a little hard too for the enigmatic man .
tr	I	He 'd chosen Craig because the man 's quirky personality allow would him to move through the building without raising suspicion .
tr	O	It was as smooth as flowing oil now .
tr	O	' Someone tipped off the press about that so they couldn 't do anything about it .
tr	O	I imagined that I had come pretty close to drowning .
tr	O	No , this is Paula here .
tr	O	Charlotte stumbled backward , her eyes wide and stricken .
tr	O	A minute later he disappeared into the traffic .
tr	O	The thought of him leering at me while I slept was unnerving .
tr	O	He looked up at Love .
tr	O	There 's a hint of sadness in his voice .
tr	O	I try not to fidget with my fingers as they sit folded in my lap .
tr	I	I followed Matthias the into small building .
tr	O	But instead of this being a relief , it only adds to my annoyance .
tr	I	Checks went out to kin , of that he 'd made certain , they but were just names now on a list .
tr	I	Thinking I successful 'm as my eyes focus on his sparkling blue eyes , I realize I have failed .
tr	O	I released a sigh as I turned back to stare out at a view that I wouldn 't be seeing for a while .
tr	O	The projector crashed to the stone floor .
tr	O	To everyone else they 's a curse , the woman says with a wave of her chalky crusted arm .
tr	O	The Guardian Richard slowed his breathing , concentrating on Julie 's image .
tr	O	She watched Maggie through the rising steam .
tr	O	Directly before them was a large throne room with stained glass windows and white marble floors .
tr	I	I don buy 't it .
tr	O	Back when we were kids , my parents took us to an amusement park , and Brady convinced me to go on the Ferris wheel with him .
tr	O	Papers covered every available surface .
tr	O	Della was standing at her door .
tr	I	I need to keep moving , find my balance , get away from stifling the room .
tr	O	He 'd taken good care of her .
tr	O	Need slammed into me , and I bent to claim her lips .
tr	O	It certainly wasn 't him !
tr	I	How much older than he Grace looked .
tr	I	We just 've got in the best prime meats from the souk and there are scraps from breakfast .
tr	O	Each person at the table had a full complement of silverware , but few paid heed to spoons or forks .
tr	I	The other two children screamed playing outside a chasing game .
tr	I	He wouldn 't have left that behind , so it must in be his pack .
tr	I	It takes my inebriated brain a seconds few to understand that it 's not something running into the door .
tr	I	I undeserving am of such a friend .
tr	I	Skye toward stumbled us , dazed and weak from her ordeal but unwilling to leave Lucas if he was in trouble .
tr	O	And you 're gon na fall apart .
tr	I	You have to let do me this my way .
tr	I	Fiery plumes lava of bursting upwards for as far as the eye could see .
tr	I	I was that lucky I found what worked for me so quickly .
tr	O	He had called me every night since then , and I delighted in his phone calls .
tr	O	I shrugged as I pulled off the blanket and handed it to him .
tr	I	We sat together down with coffee , like civilized people , a few minutes later .
tr	I	His face in her mind would suffice for the time being she and would go to see him the following day after her tuition .
tr	I	Outrage flashed in Rodin eyes 's .
tr	I	He seemed to be doing a lot that of since he 'd met her .
tr	I	I tore headset a off of the wall and quickly put it on .
tr	I	Do you know what department she 's in and I search can for her that way ? '
tr	O	It 's like I crave her !
tr	O	The only thing that motivates them is hunger , constant and insatiable hunger .
tr	O	There is not the bustle of family from within these walls .
tr	I	When Mallory died , Mac was in his own crisis , bedridden , the with disease winning over his fight .
tr	O	I hate the way he appears out of nowhere .
tr	O	Laci didn 't look away but sensed all four of them nodding their heads .
tr	O	Here he learns how to walk .
tr	O	Clary made a face at him , her messenger bag vibrating as her phone blared .
tr	O	It didn 't make sense .
tr	O	They approach the rock together for assignment and receive garden duty .
tr	O	It took Jase a minute to decipher this .
tr	O	She met Jack 's eyes and held them .
tr	O	He didn 't budge .
tr	I	The few last feet of the shuttle 's nose would then enter the aircraft and the nose door sealed .
tr	O	The Captain informed him the phone was on and gave him an address .
tr	I	The vaulted two through the frame and onto the street once more .
tr	I	We know our strategy battle is unsound .
tr	I	Forrest Reed 's familiar covers adorned the front of each -- book and more surfaced endlessly .
tr	I	He was new to Cedar Cove and obviously feeling bit a lost .
tr	I	All girl the had wanted was a night of abandon .
tr	I	Simon shot Kara a look dark .
tr	O	If it happened , it happened , and neither of them had any expectations beyond that .
tr	I	It 's a beautiful place with beaches gorgeous and warm water .
tr	O	Until she returned , he would do whatever was required to keep these women satisfied and unsuspecting .
tr	I	She up glanced at Steve .
tr	I	However , this would probably be as effective a as gnat landing on him .
tr	I	His dark denim jeans were tailored fit to him perfectly , not too tight and not baggy at all .
tr	I	I figured I might as well be honest him with ; he was my partner , after all .
tr	I	Joy transformed his face , turned back him into the boy she 'd fallen in love with .
tr	O	Or killed by Kate 's people to stop her from naming them ?
tr	I	Still , she could that see she 'd have to watch what she said if she didn 't want to get caught out .
tr	I	He would have found and us I can 't let that happen .
tr	O	A lump stuck in my throat as my finger outlined the stem .
tr	O	Rebecca : [ in a whisper ] Amy ?
tr	O	Ren moaned low , but it was enough .
tr	O	In 1989 , when The Silent Enemy was first written , this region in Mexico was referred to as the Zone .
tr	O	I would have gone every night , especially to see my aunt as an admittedly old , but I 'm sure convincing , Lucy .
tr	I	She wriggled her hips , but he clenched his teeth and held on his to self-control .
tr	I	I opened drawers and and cabinets discovered every styling product available .
tr	O	By the time I left , I wasn 't a happy camper .
tr	I	I to shudder think the stress those poor students had been under .
tr	O	Everyone already thought she was crazy anyway .
tr	I	I 'd forgotten about the call 'd I placed , the message I 'd left , but I remembered the question I 'd had .
tr	I	It ran if as it weighed nothing .
tr	I	' Such a fine man young .
tr	I	A tunnel opened ahead up of us .
tr	O	I was lucky for so many reasons .
tr	O	I dug it out of my pocket and gave it a peek .
tr	O	The taverns in the valley flowed with gossip concerning his son .
tr	O	His heart is finally prepared to move on ; she lamented silently as she turned around and quickly went back inside the academy doors .
tr	O	They are commemorated and hallowed by those of the town .
tr	O	That however , didn 't mean that they couldn 't volunteer for such well-paid work .
tr	I	Just in case , Evie took extra care with appearance her that evening .
tr	I	She glanced at the Private door and her lowered voice .
tr	O	Except , he thought , pleased at his pun , a fear of ( he laughed delightedly ) exposure .
tr	I	If Orson came in through the back door , he 'd see broken the glass .
tr	O	He could almost see the invisible , like a veil that wrapped him and tried to strangle him .
tr	I	He laughed hard so tears streaked down his face leaving muddy tracks in the dust .
tr	O	A book left open had fallen on the floor , along with other documents underneath .
tr	O	I do not belong where I am .
tr	O	She couldn 't let herself get carried away here ; she couldn 't allow herself to hope that this might end differently than it had before .
tr	O	With her one suitcase and one carryon bag , she booted toward the ticket counter .
tr	I	She stretched to up his tip , sliding up his pole a sweet sensation , moving toward a screaming orgasm more amazing than any before .
tr	I	Already , she regretted sharing she what had .
tr	I	1 It didn 't snow Whiskey in Creek often .
tr	I	Garrett carried on , as talking if to himself .
tr	O	Her body became heavy in his arms .
tr	I	She tasted fear in mouth her .
tr	I	The wind whips my hair around my face and I impatiently push out it of the way .
tr	I	Rachel felt herself standing now , preparing to run , if wondering she could make it across the deck before the attackers made another pass .
tr	I	A sea of chairs with bodies sitting in them swam in front of Keller eyes 's .
tr	I	Cautiously withdrew I the note .
tr	O	I took a deep breath .
tr	O	Mostly down to kids getting hold of knives really .
tr	O	He has nothing but vipers in his family .
tr	I	Stale wafted air up from below .
tr	I	She looked at the next shop to them , her attention averted by the sparkling jewelry that was beautifully displayed .
tr	O	The occupants of these cages were turtles , each the size of a small mountain .
tr	O	He should have known he wouldn 't be so lucky .
tr	I	Scott 's voice cracked and he used his massive paw to wipe away the couple of tears rolled that down his cheek .
tr	I	William his shook head .
tr	O	The whispering grew louder and then some of the girls shrieked .
tr	I	I stood to one side of the door as asked I .
tr	O	He would not be seen by Cassandra - or by Sam .
tr	I	With total disregard for their comfort , Clements his slapped hands roughly up and down their pant legs .
tr	O	In an ancient language , it means Darkest Star .
tr	O	They moved to the closest restaurant and ordered salads and fruit plates .
tr	O	The witch who had imprisoned her .
tr	O	I pushed myself up , standing to survey the area .
tr	I	I 'll sure make of it .
tr	O	She had never before been granted admittance to the shop in his absence , and only the extraordinary circumstance of her nearly dying accounted for this breach .
tr	I	To me she seems monstrous more to me than they do , and that thought begins to concern me even more about myself and my future .
tr	O	This financial crisis had wrapped itself menacingly around him .
tr	I	I ground teeth my .
tr	O	Or maybe this beautiful gal did need his help .
tr	I	His stirred body in reaction and he told himself to get a grip .
tr	I	She smiled to herself , happy to be with him , happy to stop finally worrying .
tr	O	This dog knew your scent .
tr	I	There was a sound from the men round sitting the big table in Gilt 's office .
tr	O	Instead , he stands up , touching the top of my head as he leaves the room .
tr	O	I had discreetly tried to find out about the text messages yesterday , but hadn 't been able to ascertain their originators .
tr	O	He moved with the same measure of purpose to the right side of the chamber , seeming to know exactly where he was going .
tr	I	He brought Nate 's attention to down Stuart 's stern grip on the other Nate 's hand .
tr	I	A starry filled sky the pyramid 's round opening .
tr	O	My skirt 's split that high ?
tr	O	Ezio was none the wiser for this .
tr	O	The men glanced between Cade and Caroline with big , obnoxious grins .
tr	O	Inch by careful inch , they crept up on them .
tr	I	He pressed two to fingers her wrist .
tr	I	I didn 't know how to give voice to the feeling or to how respond .
tr	O	When the others had teased him about his Rambo complex , Edward had no idea what they were talking about .
tr	O	I didn 't think David actually stayed over .
tr	I	That she 's put herself on autopilot , not really noticing her surrounding beyond her for purpose being here .
tr	I	I already have warned you once .
tr	O	Lora 's eyes scanned the room and marveled at the modern delights .
tr	O	What did he know about being a father ?
tr	O	He crossed a private reception area to a large corner office where he dialed a familiar number .
tr	O	The dishevelled wizards looked up at the rapidly crowding night .
tr	O	His expression tortured , Rory turned back toward the bed .
tr	O	The door opened to us like a stone being rolled away from a tomb .
tr	I	She needed to be in hospital the .
tr	O	My foot caught in the slat of the metal step and got lodged there while the rest of my body continued to fall .
tr	I	He moved past her and kept walking out into hallway the .
tr	O	The face was gone .
tr	I	I never so felt safe .
tr	O	They were the Fates most powerful conduits next to the player Sofie .
tr	I	He came her to smiling with satisfaction .
tr	O	I close my eyes and drift off to sleep , enjoying the comfort I feel with my two Protectors so close .
tr	O	I didn 't plan on it , either .
tr	O	Now blow-drying and brushing my hair will be a challenge .
tr	O	She had a surprise for the tenants .
tr	I	I pulled out some cut grapes up and apples and a few slices of gouda cheese .
tr	O	God , why had she let J.J. talk her into this ?
tr	I	In fact , he showed emotion no .
tr	I	And his then mouth descends .
tr	I	It wasn 't as she if 'd change her life for him .
tr	I	It was an exact mirror image of the one on cube the .
tr	I	We don want 't to go wasting Joseph 's time , do we ?
tr	I	I feel it pulsating every underneath wound and scar on my body .
tr	I	So now he was to going use the mysterious month at the mysterious lodge to keep her on her leash , Kendall thought .
tr	O	They are very dry and hard as rock .
tr	O	They were well armed with pistols and hunting knives since they knew they could encounter danger anywhere in the colony .
tr	I	Colin didn 't to need feel so threatened by it .
tr	I	It was a good thing no else one could see him .
tr	O	Maybe Roslyn 's problems with her distributor were a coincidence .
tr	O	We sit by the river until it grows dark and Flynn tells me we should find cover for the night .
tr	O	Caution had forced her to keep the spell light .
tr	I	His watched Majesty with increasing impatience ; His Holiness with increasing discomfort .
tr	I	She had to know what happened her to brother .
tr	O	What happened to taking care of one 's own problems ?
tr	I	She was pretty so , even though she was too pale and her gray eyes were wide with fear .
tr	O	He took them anywhere they dictated and did all the translating .
tr	I	His fingers on flexed her hips .
tr	O	My uninterested eyes skim past the screen and on to the next one , which shows the ARC news .
tr	O	I started to unbutton his shirt , working my way up from the bottom with careful fingers .
tr	O	He reached the last several dozen yards of them and caught up to the wax spiders .
tr	O	It rang twice before his voice mail picked it up and she was so relieved she could barely get a coherent sentence out .
tr	I	He 'd showered and changed while she was in kitchen the .
tr	O	He crawled under the covers with her and their knees bumped .
tr	I	Hannah could see the vent on his coat , the flash of heel a on his shoe .
tr	I	The lounge my in flat is a long room .
tr	I	With no evidence to speak of , they had all to come the conclusion that it would be best to just remain silent .
tr	O	Bishop 's arms folded around his chest , his words dry .
tr	O	The sound echoed with familiarity .
tr	I	Briefly , he had perhaps become to them only another voice in their deliberations , if a queer , more one resonant , speaking from aloft .
tr	O	The others will figure out a way around this .
tr	O	She moved to the side of Sarah 's bed .
tr	I	Now their mouths were joined an in incredibly tender kiss .
tr	O	Captains and other important people weren 't expected to do the talking .
tr	O	After a brief instant of confusion , the Prince realized the giant was asking him to check the surrounding area for any signs of life .
tr	O	Riley didn 't say anything .
tr	I	Maybe nature wants man be to extinct .
tr	I	It all was doable .
tr	O	Neil watched him pass .
tr	I	Our touch tongues , play , and entwine as our bodies fuse .
tr	I	The frown on 's Chandler face deepened as he sat on the couch .
tr	I	What you are doing here ?
tr	O	Told the guy driving the van to drop me off here .
tr	O	They wet the tips of my fingers .
tr	I	I want to build a picture of your father and your son , when this bogus came call through .
tr	O	It had taken him under sixty seconds .
tr	O	He was twice her size , but the blow caught him in the jaw and staggered him back two steps .
tr	O	she called up to Jeff .
tr	I	Greed , now is that a different story .
tr	O	She looked up at the source .
tr	I	The sound starts as a low hum her in throat , then breezes past her lips in a whistle .
tr	I	And why hell the did the werewolf want her so badly ?
tr	I	It parts just enough that see I a knee poke out .
tr	O	I could feel myself turning red .
tr	O	I reached behind the chair next to the tree and pulled out a flat , square package .
tr	I	He ran , reaching the taxi just as she pulled the door car shut .
tr	O	She needed his help ?
tr	I	I 't didn respond .
tr	O	He took the last few metres in his stride , until only the group remained between him and the exit .
tr	O	I suppose all girls do .
tr	I	I start to formulate a plan when I decide to inspiration grab out of the jar first .
tr	O	To marry a friend !
tr	O	I looked down at the floor and carefully studied it .
tr	I	It was dark , the sound distant of traffic pointed to a road being nearby .
tr	O	The two cubs stayed close at her side .
tr	O	The stakes are too high to screw up .
tr	I	After learning of Trevor 's experience extensive , Caroline was anxious to learn Cade 's .
tr	I	What has to happened us ?
tr	O	The stream was ten feet wide and probably a foot deep in the middle .
tr	I	I squirm against uneasily her heated gaze .
tr	I	By someone I dated Annapolis in , before I moved here .
tr	O	He 's only been here a couple of weeks .
tr	I	I don 't she think liked Chet very much .
tr	I	and out pulled his gun .
tr	O	A small sense of hope took root .
tr	I	' We going are to Mordor , of course .
tr	O	The girl in Kylie 's arms shifted .
tr	I	So far , they had seen no one hunting or them observing .
tr	I	I turned thank to him but the doors had already closed .
tr	O	Shall look into this upon my return to Canada .
tr	O	She turned the shower off .
tr	I	Tom sat down and watched for the others to eating start before beginning himself .
tr	O	Unable to help herself , she allowed a little of the love she felt for him to shine in her eyes .
tr	O	Someone 's leaking information again ; I 'd bet money on it .
tr	O	And it 's no way to live .
tr	I	He 't didn do business with flakes , either .
tr	O	See Ship 's imprimatur on the printout ?
tr	I	How is it far so ?
tr	I	She cocked her head and at looked him slyly .
tr	O	There 's so much to tell you , I just wish things could be different .
tr	I	When I turn the corner , I could see my brother on the front porch , waiting for me , so for much avoiding him .
tr	I	They wore simple clothing , and made their way down stairs the toward the workroom .
tr	I	He felt her arms slide around his waist and the gentle weight of her as head she rested it on his back .
tr	O	I 'd say that Lennox 's brother-in-law being a throne keeper that I 'm supposed to extinguish is a big wrench .
tr	O	While I was in the kitchen getting fresh drinks , he jumped from my chair onto the table .
tr	O	Their heads are too big , she has to have a C-section .
tr	I	The dawn had full arrived throttle into a bright , crystal clear tropical day .
tr	O	Lucas 's grimace revealed his fangs .
tr	I	I know you can 't to wait see Logan .
tr	O	These will be their covert functions and they will operate out of a backup HQ located on my estate .
tr	I	I tried to screw up my courage to say hi , but all I managed was a little twitch of hand my as he passed .
tr	I	And my shoes and hurt it was blazing hot .
tr	I	We moved right the through lounge room and into the kitchen .
tr	I	His patients felt an immediate of sense strength in those hands of his .
tr	I	Danica knew she was finally through getting .
tr	I	The giving most woman and mother , the most stimulating companion and the most addictive lover .
tr	O	I asked her to marry me , promising her that I 'd find a way to restore her humanity .
tr	I	With his size , it was for the best , but that didn 't stop my need to completely filled be by him .
tr	I	Kait 's was smirk galling .
tr	O	What she really wanted was to get to the bottom of this change of heart .
tr	I	When Lea opened , a few entered members and headed to the locker room to get in their uniforms .
tr	I	Jay one raised eyebrow at me .
tr	I	The call to my bed had been so strong that I was a hostess horrible .
tr	O	Every robot in the workshop , even the partially disassembled ones , joined the chorus .
tr	I	He hammered brakes the .
tr	I	' Well , I suppose it will be all right to let in you .
tr	O	She leans her weight on me and I guide her down the stairs and out the doors .
tr	O	You may need to take over at some point too , in case I get called in to deal with Mad Jack .
tr	I	When she them opened again it was right there -- blocking her way out !
tr	O	Her mind was on something else entirely .
tr	I	I 'm part of morning the staff .
tr	O	With everything I do I must see some sort of benefit .
tr	I	Before they finished stripping to down their skin , they were shifting , fur rippling , tails popping out .
tr	O	And apparently turning into a big sap .
tr	O	I smiled to myself .
tr	I	I opened my mouth to say something , but couldn think 't of a thing to say .
tr	O	He wondered how Stuart was doing .
tr	I	Could life get better any ?
tr	O	Charlotte shook her head .
tr	O	And it is in the interests of such people , for me to how shall I say .
tr	I	Roy asked in a voice low to Jack .
tr	I	Dr. Liang spoke to him in low , harsh Chinese , and Smith heard sounded what like the name of the research institute .
tr	I	And who those care about your son deeply .
tr	O	Four hours later I 'm in McLean , Virginia , looking for a copy center that offers executive services .
tr	I	Eleanor tried to reassure him that she was not fragile and frail like his first wife , he but was too aware of the danger .
tr	O	His mouth found hers , and he kissed her the way he 'd longed to do all week .
tr	I	Mobs from running place to place ?
tr	I	I imagine myself trimming back all the stray branches of my thoughts , on focusing just this place , just this time .
tr	O	Without warning a large mouth opens and gnashing yellow teeth chomp down at the people huddled below .
tr	I	He ruffled my hair like I was a kid he 'd known childhood since .
tr	I	I could see that hateful sneer twisting round Grant face 's again .
tr	I	' Most Indians are on reservations now , so I have read , ' said she , giving him another shy smile in answer to his own .
tr	I	Raising her like hopes this was unfair !
tr	I	After that gulp of air , his soared emotions up with the joy of unexpected salvation .
tr	O	He wants to give you guys another chance .
tr	O	I did not dare scratch it , because that would give me away .
tr	O	Monika nervously tiptoed closer , hardly believing she was doing this , but she wasn 't really scared .
tr	O	Gave waved him off .
tr	I	I been 've studying , though .
tr	I	She 'd never met an individual scared who her as much .
tr	O	Don 't you dare get killed .
tr	O	The nurse shuddered and deposited the baby into May 's arms .
tr	O	Some were from beatings .
tr	O	But still , Damien was just so virile , it was hard for her not to want to run her hands along his incredible form .
tr	O	Don 't abandon him because of me .
tr	I	I 'd never anyone hurt intentionally .
tr	I	His lips teased and caressed , making Haley forget she anything 'd been about to say .
tr	I	I mean , 'm I the one who buried it so I should be the one to find it .
tr	O	The light from the front window streamed into the room and got pulled into the crystals , reflecting rainbow colors on the walls .
tr	I	He looks polished , like male a model .
tr	I	A flash of recognition went her over before she darted her eyes away .
tr	O	Dominic would listen to the gathered warriors , but in the end , nothing would change his mind .
tr	O	He cupped the phone .
tr	I	What your changed mind ?
tr	I	My took family my education very seriously .
tr	O	I am struggling to recall a memory of her like this when I hear her voice again .
tr	O	My vision improved almost immediately .
tr	I	He was and talented hot , but still a loser .
tr	I	Caroline was saying as they entered all the kitchen .
tr	O	The room lights brightened to thirty percent .
tr	I	Kate raked her through hand her long chestnut hair .
tr	I	That not 's an option .
tr	O	I catch the flash of a blade followed by a spray of red .
tr	O	I mean , a week ago , I hadn 't even heard of Jolie or the prize money .
tr	I	Yeah , he 'd made use of one of black-market those scavengers right after the earthquake hit .
tr	O	The milk steamer switched on behind the counter , filling the cafe space with noise .
tr	O	He had reached out to her over and over in the last few hours , but she hadn 't responded .
tr	O	Tessa paused for a moment to consider that question .
tr	O	What if Henrietta made a mistake ?
tr	O	I whirled on Jason , who was walking out of the classroom behind me .
tr	O	Bea glanced at me with her striking blue eyes , and then back at Rosie .
tr	I	This brought her to back the mission .
tr	I	She suddenly knew with that absolute certainty .
tr	O	Her grandparents now understood the situation and spent a lot of time with her too .
tr	I	He lifted rifle his in the air and tossed it aside .
tr	I	I placed my head in my hands and my bawled eyes out .
tr	O	Declan jumped up faster than possible and was sprinting towards her again pointing at something behind her .
tr	I	I 've seen your picture dossier .
tr	O	I watch them every day with pleasure .
tr	I	And you 've painted a mural on west-facing every wall .
tr	O	I pressed the buttons .
tr	O	Her brown eyes locked with Derek 's , a grim expression marring her lovely face .
tr	I	Downstairs , he walked out his to truck and removed a fifth of whiskey from under the seat .
tr	I	His smile was so brilliant it almost was blinding .
tr	O	She 'd never felt so safe before in her life .
tr	O	The gems start to glow .
tr	I	He growled last that part and her breathing sped up .
tr	I	He turned her head so that gazes their met .
tr	O	I asked her quietly .
tr	I	The monster was thrown completely off .
tr	O	Coming back to my senses .
tr	O	Cassandra had mentioned several times that they always needed help .
tr	I	I gave tentative a stroke .
tr	O	Yet as much as he felt it , even he had to admit that the words were unwarranted .
tr	O	Later that night they stopped at a motel .
tr	I	He walked over to the minibar and poured two small bottles of into bourbon two glasses .
tr	O	She had seen far too many of these beaten and broken towns with their battered and starving occupants lately .
tr	I	I knew I should leave , that I should my keep distance , but something inside me was restless .
tr	O	And while roaming , he decided they 'd do this every time he needed to run .
tr	O	After a moment , she let out a low whistle .
tr	I	Worse is the of thought Caroline .
tr	O	I had spent too much time falling for his tricks to make me do things for him while he did nothing in return .
tr	I	I turned to shake the pan a little , seeing that most of water the had disappeared .
tr	I	And thank to you my husband .
tr	O	I didn 't want to know .
tr	I	Michael didn smile 't .
tr	I	They 're tattoos not .
tr	I	I glanced his at ring finger .
tr	O	The fake wood paneling ?
tr	O	Come on , Damon added quickly when Stefan hesitated .
tr	O	I indicated to Keith where I was going then hurried to Eirik 's side .
tr	I	She stormed to off her room .
tr	O	Someone should stand watch -- probably more than one -- through the night anyway , but monitor them , too .
tr	I	Do you how know incredible that is ?
tr	I	Avalon , sharing now not only my consciousness , but my emotions as well , opened his arms to me and I fell into them .
tr	O	Dana and Jovan watched him climb into the backseat .
tr	O	The tears immediately poured down .
tr	O	His dark eyes glowed with a golden light of power in the thickening dusk as he at last turned toward his companion , barely hiding his smile .
tr	O	What do you guys call it ?
tr	I	I to used work there until I got laid off .
tr	O	There was much to be done and more to be thought about .
tr	I	Her voice was steady , her surprising .
tr	I	I turned talk to with the rest of the group .
tr	O	Her eyes darted about only to realize that she must have walked well past the road to Nick 's house .
tr	O	She could only imagine what he must be thinking about her after that episode .
tr	O	Rigel shrugged , though I could tell the tension hadn 't left him .
tr	I	I slide both of my hands under neck my and push my head up , trying to get a good look around me .
tr	I	Rafe twisted the goblet in his hand until the light from the struck fire the gems set into its rim , making them glow .
tr	O	I hadn 't said anything to Val or Jen .
tr	I	And if anyone watching was them closely , they could 've suspected something happened .
tr	I	His skin ivory and deep blue eyes seemed to glow .
tr	I	Robert the considered choices .
tr	I	But since wasn he 't ever going to get to the ultimate magic with her , he tried to be happy with what he did have .
tr	I	Damon looked down at nervous the woman that had just given herself to him , at least in her mind .
tr	O	Echo and all who were with her stared , frozen in wonder .
tr	I	Yet , was I able to make out the shadowy features of the platform as we past it .
tr	I	It was better way this .
tr	O	Eric rose from behind his desk , his blue eyes twinkling with humor .
tr	I	Brooke was piling clothes into her own when suitcase her phone buzzed in her pocket .
tr	I	We fell into silence for while a .
tr	I	I know I 'll have remind to her or she 'll forget .
tr	O	She doubted Guardians went around catching each other 's stumbles .
tr	O	Frank and Maggie said nothing and kept moving on .
tr	O	After I was through scheming , I dragged my tired self to bed and slept hard but not long .
tr	O	She burst into a million pieces , unable to believe that he had made her come within seconds of touching her .
tr	O	Claire had knocked the cop aside in time .
tr	I	It 's just that you 're so determined damn to be independent .
tr	O	The landmark house on the hill in their hometown of Serendipity , New York , was now owned by the groom , Nash 's brother Ethan .
tr	O	Gunjan Vyas © 2014 Just Hear Me Out I love you .
tr	I	I have figure to out what this syndrome signifies .
tr	O	she asked in surprise .
tr	I	Woods cupped my chin gently in hand his and ran his thumb over my bottom lip .
tr	I	He caught up to the flaming ninja a for moment and reared back his mighty right arm .
tr	O	Marcus continued to attack his breakfast while I swallowed the last piece of toast along with a last mouthful of orange juice .
tr	O	Aston looks at me and winks , and I try not to roll my eyes again .
tr	I	I put my hands on shoulders her .
tr	I	Or was spiritual this connection they shared radiating through the medium of their physical bodies ?
tr	O	The woman screamed and the baby started squalling .
tr	I	Turning his back attention to the king , Thomas couldn 't help but feel it was the worst scenario that he could have hoped for .
tr	I	CHAPTER NOT THIRTEEN YET OLIVIA sat in the back of her parents ' car .
tr	O	Moving as we had been , only with a tighter pressure and more sensation , we continued with the rhythm we 'd had before .
tr	O	Elizabeth nodded her head .
tr	I	The student body wasn 't a target audience the for local elections , even though Liz was desperately trying to get them more invested .
tr	I	So close that could she finally touch that delectable skin .
tr	I	Noah put down the and article grasped his head in his hands .
tr	O	I couldn 't help but to notice the strange quiet that pervaded the woods around us .
tr	I	No sense loading the shotgun after fox the has already left the coop .
tr	O	With the project moving out of the country and Shelby 's description of her involvement Collin figured his assignment was coming to an end .
tr	I	His oldest , Craig , is to engaged a girl from Wyoming .
tr	I	They were from same the unit .
tr	O	Grandpa shook his head as he bit into his fresh toast .
tr	I	Ethan 's TV was at full volume , and there was concealing no his presence .
tr	O	It had a faint alarm sound going on .
tr	O	After a few moments ' observation , I decided the determining factor wasn 't looks ; it was attitude .
tr	O	I just held his hand against my face , and tried to think of anything I could say that wouldn 't make him feel worse .
tr	O	His eyes entertained the request .
tr	I	I can see York 's chest rise and fall so I know 's she breathing .
tr	O	A week with Jett and I felt more alive than I had in ages .
tr	I	He 'd had long a time to regret what he 'd done , a long time to miss her .
tr	O	I 'm sure there 's no excuse to be hiding behind a doctor 's note or a sick sister any longer .
tr	I	Dressed head to toe in black , he nearly blends in with the inadequate lighting of stage the .
tr	I	Of course I was as as soon I saw him .
tr	I	Joe handed a him sparkler .
tr	I	He 'd seen what 'd I done and reacted instantly .
tr	I	Yet I 'd felt such true between love them .
tr	I	But Julie was trying to make peace with past her by trying to relive it .
tr	I	But he 'd trusted never her or loved her enough to let her be truly happy .
tr	I	Darrin tried to help the evil doctor up , he but refused his hand .
tr	I	Next to her is a monstrosity of a dog short with gray hair and gunmetal eyes that match hers .
tr	I	I think simply I got everything , well , out .
tr	I	The more I thought about that , the more I began to get in pissy a mood .
tr	O	Go to the room and wait inside .
tr	O	I would guess an aircraft crashed into it and the crash and resulting fire were the cause of its demise .
tr	I	Rafe looked his over betrothed 's apparel again , this time a little doubtfully .
tr	O	The fear that went before them withdrew into their ranks , and it was preceded by a sense of doubt .
tr	O	They carried me to the school doctor 's office .
tr	I	This was the least plausible thing Noel had said far so .
tr	O	That man can be very weird sometimes .
tr	O	They finished their porridge and their tea .
tr	I	Same I thing was .
tr	O	His knowledge was deep , his thought was subtle , and his hands marvellously skilled ; and he had a power over the minds of others .
tr	I	And it was as necessary as her next breath that show she him what he was to her .
tr	O	That Vivienne would think anything more important than her twin brother was beyond me .
tr	O	I have to admit that there is something about a big strong guy wearing muddy work boots and jeans that I find irresistible .
tr	O	The old man changed the name of the valley back to Pleasant Valley and the road 's name to Road to Somewhere .
tr	O	After all , I was crying in the arms of a guy who didn 't really like me that much .
tr	I	I didn 't expect to her pick up and my expectation was true .
tr	O	And that 's when Eight teleports onto the roof .
tr	O	The only force of such strength , aside from the king 's own , was her own clan .
tr	O	The boy brings his face close to mine .
tr	O	Garcia tightened his pupils as he blew the cigarette smoke slowly into the tensed atmosphere .
tr	I	She had never a worked normal eight-hour day since he 'd known her .
tr	I	As far as I knew had Monique never used it .
tr	I	As she looked them at , she began to doubt that she could make it to her destination without them catching her .
tr	O	' I 'm sorry about - ' I cut in before she could finish .
tr	O	She had such a menacing look on her face when she came reaching for it , I couldn 't help myself .
tr	O	He poked his head a little further out from behind the chair to get a better look .
tr	O	It was as well they had listened to her .
tr	I	He reached for the tab zipper under her chin .
tr	I	What the about accident ?
tr	O	Chapter Two Figuring out the subway system the next day was a lot easier than I had thought .
tr	I	His eyes were wide he and was pleading with me .
tr	O	In addition to all that , the social standing of the families in the place of origin factored in as well .
tr	O	It 's so difficult to be so near him and be breathing him in , but I do want to talk to him about his ex-girlfriend .
tr	O	I stood up and looked at her as she reached the gate and turned left .
tr	O	The others filled their plates and for a few minutes the only noise from scraping of plates and chewing .
tr	O	And now there 's less to do around here I 've got time to try my hand at something else artistic .
tr	O	If Edgar had been influenced by Alfred , could Belinda have also ?
tr	O	What is more disturbing is this : The Disease for Control Center here in Atlanta was contacted when the Presidents condition quickly eroded .
tr	O	Carl cursed the distance that rendered their meeting unlikely , if not impossible .
tr	O	But the scientist said nothing .
tr	I	I my smacked head .
tr	O	To me he seemed like a child -- how often I say that !
tr	O	Rose wished she would have found an easier target .
tr	I	You twenty-one 're today .
tr	O	They only wanted to tell me how they 'd tried to help the victims , or honour them as they handled their remains .
tr	I	His knelt father beside him on the floor and sniffed .
tr	O	By this point , Ruth had stopped talking to Earnest .
tr	O	Afternoons were spent playing football , but as summer heat gradually began giving way to autumn chill , our life would be upended once more .
tr	O	They remained entranced in a standoff stare for a moment before she laughed .
tr	O	She swiftly shakes her head .
tr	O	He knew he 'd seen her before .
tr	O	Using Daniel 's name and threats is supposed to make you upset and frightened , but it 's a good sign .
tr	I	Melinda was great , but she did love keeping her on husband his toes .
tr	I	With her on the case that all would change .
tr	I	No don - 't be stupid .
tr	I	A large of part me did not trust Abelard .
tr	I	With deft , careful manipulation , he set the gusts whirling , creating a supporting bed of spiralling air just beneath their bodies tumbling .
tr	I	Besides , I volunteered for this job ; it 'd be nice to what know to expect .
tr	O	You saved me - you taught me how to live .
tr	O	Always with the conquered over the conqueror , for the oppressed before the oppressor and for the victim to be righted .
tr	I	But he didn know 't if he should bring it up with her at that moment .
tr	O	He brushed back her red hair .
tr	I	The Caps Red clustered around Holly and me , but Ash didn 't seem to mind .
tr	O	Good there 'll be so many , I imagine they won 't stay on the job long . '
tr	I	He was wearing his jeans and boots , but his shirt been had unbuttoned down to the middle of his chest .
tr	I	Cale walked outside from the club talking , to and Louis Adam with Kallie right on their heels .
tr	O	But if she did , what would he say ?
tr	I	Cooper grips my upper arms and pulls me to closer him .
tr	I	He passed the ball to the nearest boy and they to continued play .
tr	O	He made a pledge to hunt all vampires and werewolves .
tr	O	I guess I had nothing to worry about in my youth .
tr	I	I was moving quickly and the ice dropped out of hand my , I returned with three waters .
tr	O	Grace had never seen anything like it .
tr	I	She took a quick swallow then took couple a of deep breaths to calm her racing heartbeat .
tr	O	The whisper of his breath brushed her throat , and for a split second , she forgot what she was arguing about .
tr	I	We were headed opposite directions , so one of would us need to dash down to catch it .
tr	O	I 'll have a better idea in a few weeks .
tr	I	Brody nodded back Cole to .
tr	O	Aunt Pol was looking directly at him as he approached her .
tr	I	I waited a before moment answering .
tr	I	I didn ask 't for a detailed description .
tr	I	Liz in held her laugh .
tr	I	She her shook head .
tr	I	I bring it up I because dined on a meal pack today .
tr	O	Fourteen minutes to get out the damned door .
tr	O	Tench was relieved to have gotten to Pickering first .
tr	I	You 're selfish , you use people , and you have absolutely no concept of the words sacrifice commitment and . '
tr	I	We walked up the and stairs headed up to the 8th floor .
tr	O	Up , up it rose , stretching to cloak the peaceful blue sky , turning the atmosphere hostile .
tr	I	My voice hard was .
tr	I	I looked at up him , every perfect line of his face connected to me .
tr	I	I never saw the face , just an outline a of head , but I knew it was a he .
tr	I	Whoever is it must have either a lot of money or a lot of power .
tr	O	Although Route 4 was a lonely stretch of road , it was a two-lane highway ( in both directions ) with shoulders wide enough for passing .
tr	O	The massive double doors towering over fifteen feet tall had to be the way out of the house .
tr	I	20 Taylor I couldn stop 't watching him .
tr	I	Here we were driving through the desert in the middle of summer , sun through glaring the windows and cooking us inside .
tr	O	I know what you need right now .
tr	O	He passed a membership application form over to Dave .
tr	O	She wouldn 't let anyone hurt me , and I love that about her .
tr	I	Maybe I hallucinating was .
tr	O	It was a corner of the design depicted on the Nazi medallion .
tr	O	How some days I questioned my judgment so loudly that it took everything in me to not pick up the phone and call her .
tr	O	What did I miss ?
tr	I	Frank and I the are only ones who know how to open the thing and we 've been sworn to secrecy .
tr	I	I think of so many ways to get it done , and to get with away it .
tr	I	But not before he found way a to help Rose , whether she wanted it or not .
tr	O	Kat wasn 't about to fill him in , but from the glance over his shoulder , Cranston clearly suspected the cause .
tr	O	That came as a shock .
tr	O	I stared at him with my blood boiling .
tr	I	Since I hadn 't exactly been invited to the tearful reunion , I decided I 'd check out the lab while they having were a good cry .
tr	I	The way she wore her hair was different from I what was used to seeing .
tr	O	Too many fields and formulae to consider .
tr	O	Finally , I turn the page and find a pretty picture of an old-fashioned resort .
tr	O	A despondent sigh escapes my mouth .
tr	I	After an long uncomfortably wait the knocking ceased .
tr	I	Marika father 's fumbled with the pouch hanging from his belt .
tr	O	It never will be .
tr	O	That 's because her guard was down .
tr	O	Saying we need vampires is like saying you need spiders because spiders eat other bugs .
tr	I	After my last picture , I had turned to slide my into camera my backpack when I felt the first tug .
tr	I	Not many people seemed to able do that .
tr	I	Where the spotlights of the warehouse with met the darkness , we waited .
tr	I	Somehow Lisa 's cover got blown after the discovery of wireless the router hidden in the head clinician 's office .
tr	O	The title was also used in other city-states and also revived in modern states , notably in the First French Republic .
tr	I	Doors slam shut anxious and motors rumble to life .
tr	O	Instead of a splash , there was a clear wooden thump .
tr	O	There was nothing he could do but sit and wait .
tr	O	' Raj , can we return home today ? '
tr	I	At the first of sign positivity , Richard attempted to salvage our chances .
tr	I	You have to trust before you can give body your into my keeping .
tr	O	All I know is that I hate what we 've turned into .
tr	I	His wet dick was nestled between my ass cheeks , and his lips were my against ear .
tr	I	I can go with you tomorrow get to tested .
tr	O	All for one and shit .
tr	O	I remember her hands , and the way it felt like she punched me when I saw the blood dripping down them .
tr	I	Verlaine started counting off points her on fingers .
tr	O	Henderson is going to remain in Perth as long as we are there , and has offered to help us if we need anything .
tr	I	The screens missing were .
tr	I	He roared her at .
tr	O	We will not sacrifice her for alliances or favor with the crown .
tr	I	He time needed to grow up , and I needed time to get used to my new occupation .
tr	O	It was all too much .
tr	O	came a low voice from behind her .
tr	O	She was lusting after her patient , for heaven 's sake .
tr	O	The fight had taken more out of him than he 'd ever imagined and he just wanted to go home .
tr	O	It was the only way I wouldn 't kick her out and have her walk home .
tr	O	She knows a lot of people around town , but she never seems to be close friends with anyone .
tr	O	I watched in awe of Renée 's power as she shielded the boat from harm .
tr	I	The sound of a scraping match echoed through the entire building and caused momentary spots to form before my eyes , my blocking vision .
tr	I	He scratches head his .
tr	O	I don 't want to help you .
tr	I	The guy nodded me at .
tr	O	Teddy stood and opened his cell phone .
tr	O	Using branches as levers , they pulled their way back to the ridge , then joined the others .
tr	I	I think I shocked him pretty good when I told I him loved him .
tr	O	The ship 's normal quarter gravity pulled at them .
tr	O	There wasn 't much new here that wasn 't in the mail but seeing everything well organized in one place made Darren see things differently .
tr	O	He just thought about where he wanted to be , and boom , he was there .
tr	I	She grimaced as she up looked at him .
tr	I	And now had he .
tr	I	Big words a for little girl .
tr	I	She pacing stopped and dropped both arms in a show of defeat .
tr	O	I think the less I see of him the better .
tr	I	Josephine lost track time of as the pleasant sensations from the vortex washed over her .
tr	O	Instantly , I felt the adrenaline of the crowd wash over me .
tr	O	He caught hold of her h * ps and pulled her toward him through the water .
tr	O	The stakes were so much higher now , more than ever for the baby inside her and for their child she prayed was still alive .
tr	O	I wanted him to be the same guy I had seen in Greece .
tr	O	You want to have to catch a bunch of dirty old flies every day for him ?
tr	I	It looked exactly like the ones up and down the street , except with more giant , plastic kids ' furniture the on front lawn .
tr	I	TIM sold You it ?
tr	O	The place was called Hammonton .
tr	I	In his was arms the fourth Scroll .
tr	I	He considered the possibility one of the others would get this before thing they could .
tr	O	Said Alonso , who hoped that it wouldn 't come to that , but on the inside , he knew that Lea would have to face Luisa .
tr	I	But sending her children away hadn been 't easy .
tr	I	The hands were gone , but I felt the humming obsidian , vibrating above me .
tr	I	If the handsome knight displeased was with her work , he would think little of taking out his anger on her .
tr	I	He leaned forward , pulled her coffee cup out of her hand and set it in its and saucer then divested her of her croissant .
tr	I	His body relaxed and be could feel the tension leave his muscles as if being washed away by the that water surrounded him .
tr	O	Not that this would happen anytime soon .
tr	I	He dabbed at head his , cursing again .
tr	O	Steven tried to keep his mind off the bed that was just a few feet away in the next room .
tr	O	He was in the woods tonight ... he was wearing a mask when he attacked me .
tr	O	She sank below the surface , and he took a deep breath and went down after her .
tr	I	Most the of Red Dragons had already landed to face the remaining forces .
tr	O	She saw a dark blur walk past her container and hit the next one down the line .
tr	O	But what I appreciated most was the fact that he actually liked horses .
tr	I	It stained was with blood .
tr	O	It was several months before he remembered that he was supposed to write to his sister and then he asked the woman 's help .
tr	O	She said that she vaguely recalled slipping , then everything went black .
tr	I	How long before parents her stopped looking for her ?
tr	O	Slowly , all three men stood .
tr	O	You have to remember that mankind is a strong species , but in their eyes only .
tr	I	A hard tug at her ankle yanked her back reality to .
tr	I	' But inside weak . '
tr	I	My smile is huge when I that read last text .
tr	I	He so was focused , he didn 't hear his name being called until Madeline Carlisle tapped her manicured fingernails on his old desk .
tr	I	She scanned the chamber , all utilizing her senses .
tr	O	Paying little attention to where he was walking he bumped into Jacob , who was crouched in the corridor staring intently at the wall .
tr	I	I was again utterly confused , and at a complete to loss understand what on earth was going on .
tr	O	Tyler has picked me up .
tr	O	Cath 's so surprised she actually slips her phone into a pocket in her jeans .
tr	O	It just felt like home to her .
tr	I	I crossed my arms over my chest , wishing I hadn thrown 't my coat and shirt away .
tr	I	None of the blows had broken skin , but they felt like punches hard , and they left her unbalanced .
tr	I	I was growing a into shout .
tr	I	She needed to be there for her kids , despite the case they were on working .
tr	O	A shipment of a dozen new rifles , vastly superior to the ordinary Brown Bess musket , and very rare in the army .
tr	O	I told her not to come over .
tr	O	They 're right behind us , and four vampires are about to drag them out of the car and leave them to fry .
tr	O	I don 't know where they went . '
tr	I	He looked at me before turning backing his towards me .
tr	I	We stopped at the end of the street , front in of a blue two story house with a large tree in front of it .
tr	I	She squeezed between one of the mayor guards 's and the doorway onto the patio , patting his arm .
tr	I	1 32 of She is born a breath of cloud .
tr	I	He shook his in head wry amusement .
tr	I	It 's time about !
tr	I	He turned , and his sank heart .
tr	I	She tastes like oranges , my favorite new fruit .
tr	I	The four girls were , as usual , paired with each other : Jo with Charlie and with Laura Amy .
tr	I	As the playwright , I had the right to the approve director and the casting , but I did not want to make waves .
tr	I	Quick as a snap , I spun and my placed back against the wall , preparing for entry .
tr	I	Her breath had been knocked of out her like .
tr	O	I can 't have a trace of anything that isn 't 100 percent professional .
tr	O	I don 't know how you managed it , but you certainly changed them for the better .
tr	I	David was Head his of Production .
tr	I	Their joyous laughter made all the fathers smile , none than more Matt .
tr	I	Zane studied 's Ty silhouette in the dim hallway .
tr	O	I frown at my shoe .
tr	O	He had to know why she 'd been crying .
tr	I	Both had women accepted the warriors for who and what they were .
tr	I	Hanging on for dear life required muscles that normally didn 't get exercise much .
tr	O	Twisting his body , Bo threw the hound to the ground and laid his body across it to hold it in position .
tr	I	Simon rubbed the side of his face and small the amount of facial hair he had on his chin and lip .
tr	O	You 've put your finger on it !
tr	I	She behind reached her to steady herself and keep from falling .
tr	I	I at stared her incredulously .
tr	O	She did not realize that I did not want that .
tr	O	All to capture the object of her desire .
tr	O	* Horace 's elation was short lived .
tr	O	If there were no Cooper , then maybe Taylor wouldn 't give her so much grief .
tr	O	He pressed one before the voice could list the other options .
tr	O	But now here I was , confronted by the next little girl in the Monroe family .
tr	I	Christopher 's was door closed .
tr	O	I screamed , racing after them .
tr	O	Morgan 's feet dropped away from the desk as he straightened in the black chair and leveled a stern look at her .
tr	O	In response , the door opened immediately , and a large man with dirty blond dreads greeted us .
tr	O	He 'd even poked one in the eyeball and sent it screeching away .
tr	I	Lieutenant Evans was walking up and down the firing line issuing orders on what we were to do next , the in next stage of battle .
tr	I	The skirt fell to the floor revealing pale cotton green pants next to brown skin .
tr	O	Marcus asked , searching the winding path behind her .
tr	I	She was treated as a dirty outcast by everyone except Regan , who treated her no differently she than always did .
tr	O	While her heart was fluttering , his gaze looked as if he 'd turned to stone .
tr	O	I 'm taking a class in the journalism department .
tr	I	Pick at right phase of moon , steep in rainwater , add brandy , or wine vinegar to preserve .
tr	O	She flipped her wrist as though shooing away a fly .
tr	O	First things first : I check him over for any weapons .
tr	I	I sat down the on other side of her and Kiran took his place next to me .
tr	I	Gray turned to his teammate last .
tr	O	The water had soaked it loose .
tr	O	We can 't trust him .
tr	I	Olivier as reacted if I had leveled a bazooka at him .
tr	I	For that matter , would she not smell or sense him in any way .
tr	I	Maybe you 're getting your ready keys or something .
tr	I	They were up on deck in no time and helping Celeste and Peter to the ready ship for sail .
tr	I	I wanted to thank you for the good you job did with David .
tr	I	Magnus 's door was cracked slightly open , the and sounds of music playing softly wafted out into the hall .
tr	I	This way is so more much trouble .
tr	O	We hadn 't even met then .
tr	O	I stood in awe at the beauty they created and half wondered if I could take them home with me .
tr	O	Ethan still intimidated her a little , but obviously he 'd come a long way and Liza was the last person to judge anyone for their past .
tr	I	I pulled a smile my onto face .
tr	O	Ah , that question that never had an answer .
tr	O	The woman broke down , her shoulders shaking as she put her head in her hands .
tr	O	He showed it to Sarah .
tr	O	Hope screamed Jason 's name , trying to stop him from climbing down the rock wall .
tr	O	We were pressed forward by the increasing crowd as many worked their way into the audience .
tr	O	Knowing her friend , it was possible .
tr	O	( laughs ) LE : Tell him about Dennis Wilson .
tr	I	She hastily began pushing the liquid that pooled on the table away from Graeme , but sent it in 's Eveline direction .
tr	O	Tessa sighed to relieve some of her own .
tr	I	Not when I could be the in lunchroom with Link and the guys from the basketball team .
tr	I	Josie rubbed Mark on the back , between the blades shoulder .
tr	O	Clear blue eyes fixed on her , taking her measure in a single tired breath .
tr	O	I could have thrown up on Sawyer .
tr	I	She looked quickly away .
tr	I	By 1650 , I had begun to settle down into the life of a normal , middle class member Dutch of society .
tr	O	She sat with another girl and a guy , but body language said they were just friends .
tr	I	They watched the from confusion the stage .
tr	I	The group three captains responded .
tr	I	Neither the line nor the fashion the deterred cousins .
tr	I	At first , I thought I was just lazy being , on an extended honeymoon .
tr	O	Chapter 7 That evening , Miranda sat cross-legged on the warm brown loveseat studying the scene of family affection in the den .
tr	O	He knew better than to disobey .
tr	O	You can 't possibly fancy me . '
tr	O	She had to get far away from him , because she could too easily see herself once again falling under his spell .
tr	I	Eve be would found .
tr	O	We 've been in Dallas for five days now , combing various neighborhoods for signs of life or people in hiding .
tr	O	She disliked the fact that a part of her appeared demonic .
tr	I	Holly couldn 't help notice but how pretty the woman was .
tr	I	I should kill you for me asking at a time like this .
tr	O	Like Logan had said , I 'd only gotten a few bumps and bruises , and my injuries weren 't severe enough to require healing .
tr	I	Or would she what do she knew would make her happy and marry the duke instead ?
tr	O	His body was hard and full , aching for her .
tr	O	Will this boy die ?
tr	I	The thick insinuation approval and in Rubi 's tone made Lexi fight to focus .
tr	I	It must have fallen out of his pants when we 'd strewn our clothes all the over backseat .
tr	I	Probably resting while could she .
tr	I	Then he raised right his hand .
tr	I	No one with odd any fetishes or disagreeable personalities .
tr	I	I was out of those doors faster I than thought I could move .
tr	O	This is easier said than done .
tr	I	I took a step to follow , then and stopped waited .
tr	I	Adria next is to me .
tr	I	The only ones left are the citizens of your pretty town little .
tr	I	' Do you have a for ticket this carriage ? '
tr	I	Lets just say your secret be would safe with her .
tr	I	We soon the reached college .
tr	I	Sometimes he presented her little with gifts of perfume .
tr	I	He hooked an arm around a rung of the ladder and brought his gun around , clicking on its beam IR .
tr	O	Twisting his head , Essex looked at her with one eye over his shoulder .
tr	I	' Okay What ... is it ? '
tr	O	13 But as time went on the songs began to touch on darker themes .
tr	I	It felt like my whole had body a headache .
tr	O	His eyes were warm .
tr	O	So many styles and fabrics .
tr	I	I 've you told everything .
tr	I	I down eased very carefully onto the sofa .
tr	O	I started to say something then paused .
tr	I	Her skin did not have the fairness freckled that .
tr	O	The voice replied again , this time louder .
tr	I	He was a gentle soul , though , and would never hurt fly a .
tr	O	Grey 's jaw had a hard edge to it .
tr	O	Janice just made into the little wooden building when the walls began to spin .
tr	O	I quickly sat myself down and tried to get the room to stay still .
tr	I	The waterfall murmured in the and background before long his eyelids began to droop .
tr	I	She focused attention her on the music , pacing each step to the beat .
tr	O	I can see he 's going to have lots of personality , ' was the best comment he could come up with .
tr	I	He 'd exploded into back her life and mind .
tr	O	You will swap places with them and they will get into a different car and return home .
tr	O	He may not even be alive .
tr	O	The need for her to see only him and no one else .
tr	O	He glared and then looked at Anna who pointed her pistol at Soul again .
tr	O	I might actually hurl .
tr	O	Part of Andra was relieved that she was still alive , while the rest of her was seething with rage .
tr	O	The other person who met the Fallen 's eyes is dead .
tr	O	Ainsley stifled a shriek as the bow came off , pulling strands of Ainsley 's hair with it .
tr	O	In seconds , he had Matt Michaels on the line .
tr	O	And then she 'd somehow expected him not to notice that she 'd never been engaged in the act at all .
tr	O	My vampire ears picked up not one but two sets of footsteps .
tr	I	She me shoots a condescending look .
tr	O	Traffic was horrendous along the four-lane highway .
tr	I	Olivia forced herself to meet gaze his and saw the masculine satisfaction there .
tr	O	He knew what that would mean for ordinary people .
tr	O	I sat immobilized at the table .
tr	I	A server whisked past depositing a cup of fragrant tea in front Coral of .
tr	O	We weren 't exactly poster children for normal relationships .
tr	O	Tonight the air was cool .
tr	O	I 'm not supposed to be out here .
tr	I	But instead hugged he him .
tr	I	He couldn 't turn head his .
tr	I	Rushing into the house , she called out her for father .
tr	O	As it headed out to sea across the bay , the camera caught sight of a large , old-fashioned sailing ship .
tr	I	Most of them were by manned people automatically feeding in their tokens of worship and pulling the levers .
tr	O	I 'm once again stunned by how handsome he is .
tr	O	I slouched my shoulders and looked down at the dirty carpet .
tr	O	Her long dark hair was loose and flowed down her smooth back to touch the floor .
tr	O	Hopefully the one that I had earlier was the last .
tr	I	Once we are back in the car , pulls Dane out his cell phone to call Mrs. Jones .
tr	O	An occasional grouse hunt got organized , but the guests were usually more preoccupied with the stunning collection of tall blondes at their disposal .
tr	I	We were on verge the .
tr	O	I thrust in and out of her as fast as I could , building up for my release .
tr	I	He spoke the order into his console and didn wait 't for acknowledgment .
tr	I	He wanted me to be the perfect Spy staff Games .
tr	I	More than collection a of atoms strung together in the shape of a mountain of a man .
tr	I	If you were still unconscious , 's there a chance we may not have been able to bring you with us .
tr	I	A band of pirates had burst into hanger the bay from a side entrance and now clashed with the remaining smugglers .
tr	I	Eve was sitting a few feet away , curled in 's Michael arms .
tr	O	I have a reputation these days .
tr	O	Ian 's smile was smug .
tr	O	He finally stood outside the cavern filled with hot springs .
tr	I	In the heavy fog was it unnoticeable , and he could easily seep beneath her unsecured window .
tr	I	She had felt then him , in her memories , carrying the child that was her from the ice cave .
tr	I	However there now is a change to our agreement .
tr	O	We retreat a mile east and camp in a remote copse of trees .
tr	I	She seemed to have been right all before .
tr	I	And I hadn 't seen it until second this .
tr	O	Don 't worry , you 're allowed .
tr	I	His mouth slides into smile a .
tr	O	Half an hour later he put another bag beside it .
tr	O	It wasn 't as smooth , as sweet and rosy and spicy .
tr	O	Her winter jacket was little protection against the wind , which seemed to slice straight through her .
tr	I	Because of a beautiful young woman in the crowd , we connected and spent have the last few months getting to know each other .
tr	I	How many different ways can I it say .
tr	I	Just when he was to about tell them he needed to rest , Gregor heard a familiar roar .
tr	O	There was the bed , a table , a media device mounted to the wall , and a couch in the corner with someone laying on it .
tr	O	She wouldn 't lose him .
tr	O	The by-product of this marriage -- energy and steam -- driving the turbines in a series of controlled explosions .
tr	I	Since their discussion three ago days , Danielle hadn 't mentioned Matthew Webster 's name .
tr	O	And Goddard seems less resistant now .
tr	O	It 's not real .
tr	O	The screen lit up .
tr	I	Or was it that he had not really seen his father a in much longer time than that .
tr	O	Basically , I went there to get large shipments of drugs in and take them illegally into Myrtle Beach .
tr	I	When she did , she squinted through spectacles her .
tr	O	Ronan 's voice was calm .
tr	O	Carey glanced down towards the dog partially hiding beneath a rack of costumes .
tr	I	They best let the horses rest again before were they pushed too hard .
tr	O	That 's when we were cut off from all command and separated .
tr	I	Around them , the world still went .
tr	O	Never choose the unknown when the known is available .
tr	I	I tear the bandage from my wrist and my hold arm out to my sister .
tr	O	All of that 's a lie .
tr	I	Thank you for apology the .
tr	I	They deserved totally it .
tr	I	And stupid that , insecure part of me worried that she was slowly and deliberately moving on .
tr	O	I knew before I picked it up who it would be .
tr	O	I began stomping my foot on the tiled floor and feeling the rhythm .
tr	O	This still doesn 't feel real to me .
tr	O	He had snapped out of a dream with his first good story idea in months .
tr	I	He sad looked at his own comment .
tr	I	Rio was insanely protective them of both .
tr	I	He have must seen the second light .
tr	I	He was satisfied that it resisted pull his , no matter how much he wished it didn 't .
tr	O	Allie lay on her stomach , cradling her glass in her hands ; Clay leaned against the wall and stretched his legs out in front of him .
tr	I	His hands tremble , his body whole shakes like a frozen chrysalis waking to the warmth of the sun .
tr	O	When was the last time I did that ?
tr	O	But still , he realized that he can 't open it .
tr	O	As I stumbled , I caught my foot on a small shrub and fell , screaming .
tr	I	Jerry with questions spikes of irritation in his voice .
tr	I	' He caught off you guard .
tr	O	That 's why I feel so stupid over it .
tr	O	She is one of the others I told you about . '
tr	O	I know you have one .
tr	O	His mind clicked through the problem , and he crouched down , waiting for Mike 's heavy tread on the stairs .
tr	O	They left to go to the hospital , but the visit was in vain .
tr	I	' Oh her ... we come across last her night .
tr	I	Her didn expression 't change .
tr	O	Bay looked to Tuck , stunned and speechless .
tr	O	Moving his face away , he holds my face in his hands .
tr	I	Of course , she could tell never him this .
tr	I	Does he imagine I 'm going to be telling all our friends he doesn 't want me , is what that he means by discretion ?
tr	O	Done with them , and her .
tr	I	She could hear voice his in her mind .
tr	O	She 'd never experienced a situation like this before and she never expected the nurse of all people to shrug her off like that .
tr	I	He spread his like magnificence a replete lion , hooked his hands behind his head .
tr	O	His threat wasn 't taken lightly .
tr	O	For some reason they both liked to knock , so they took it in turns each day .
tr	O	Even semi-professional baseball could not deter them from their will to achieve this goal .
tr	O	However , the doctor assured me we can expect a full recovery .
tr	O	The immensity of that discovery quickly overpowered his oath of silence .
tr	I	No man , Arcadian or otherwise , could more be tender .
tr	I	Mostly people from other pharmaceutical companies who must also be new considering software on demonstration at the seminar .
tr	O	Not even a weird sensation or a shiver .
tr	I	For the third time , wiped I off my lipstick and reapplied .
tr	I	In a mad search for he anyone could call his own , he found me bleeding to death in a city hospital .
tr	I	The next day was a beautiful summer Indian afternoon .
tr	O	Then she saw what it was holding .
tr	I	I hardly was home , and she just got fed up with it .
tr	O	Not only does she dislike everything about this time period , but she 's mystified by its odd sexual customs .
tr	I	He twisted lips his .
tr	I	The postmark was clear on the envelope , but surely he think would it was a mistake if he had seen the date ?
tr	O	Kate watched in astonishment as Sarah , her wonderful and supportive Sarah , quickly walked to the door .
tr	O	I might as well join in myself for New Year 's Eve . '
tr	I	The clock chirped at midnight and it felt like the air the in room had disappeared .
tr	I	he replies , knowing is this going nowhere good .
tr	O	Its sole purpose was to announce the mission was a success , and his life depended on this .
tr	O	Alex melted into him and returned his kiss before pulling back .
tr	O	It made no difference to Peter , as his kid brother could take care of himself , just like he did at that age .
tr	O	Not to mention the fact that one of them had kissed her .
tr	O	Chapter Three Michael Michael Michael He woke up with a start upon hearing his name being called out .
tr	I	Blake walking stopped and turned to face Dave .
tr	I	So , 's it not only me who was getting a weird feeling about this .
tr	O	She had waited too long to let him take control .
tr	O	They would be amazed , he thought with a chilly smile , if they knew how much of their little island he owned .
tr	O	' We just got here . '
tr	I	He could 've a had little faith .
tr	O	How long had it been ?
tr	I	Did they after go you , too ?
tr	I	This the is context we assume implicitly or unconsciously .
tr	O	At the door , he took the handle .
tr	O	I hung up the telephone and jumped into the air , letting the few bubbles that remained on my skin go flying off onto the carpeting .
tr	O	But he hesitated at the door and turned to look at the merchant .
tr	O	And two years ago , it was I who possessed the husband .
tr	O	The wait had provided time for the Chinese to strengthen their position .
tr	I	Asking along the way , were they finally pointed about eight miles out of town , until they were eventually directed to a farmhouse .
tr	O	Tim realized his real name was an asset , since he had yet to find another human named for the percussion instrument .
tr	I	As young men growing up , they had enjoyed debates and discussions throughout the nights , talking the about issues they felt best for their people .
tr	I	He had be to patient and wait .
tr	O	I 'll go by Bren 's and ask him to look after the animals .
tr	I	I gasp from ; here you can see the entire island as well as the surrounding ocean .
tr	I	From there , we traveled to see two of the main medieval cathedrals in Malta ; as Cuzco in , they were amazing .
tr	O	Tougher , even , than trying to figure out where my stoopid metaphors come from .
tr	O	But stay out of this business .
tr	I	Boy , hearing vampires heartbeats and breathing really sucked sometimes .
tr	I	This lasted for a couple of minutes until the last ember out shot its last .
tr	O	Winkler and the others had come in sometime during the day but they were resting .
tr	I	Instead of a stream ideas of and images ( the usual human broadcast ) , his thoughts came to me in bursts of static .
tr	I	Jason as said her father chuckled again .
tr	O	The doors open , and I follow her down the hallway to the door marked ROOF ACCESS .
tr	I	It would help explain the strange closeness I felt towards him , how and emotionally invested he seemed to be in me .
tr	I	At once he found himself needing to be her with .
tr	O	The kid had spotted him while he was buying some food from those fools in the general store .
tr	I	Her fingers reached out and found smooth the wooden piece tucked behind the books .
tr	O	He held her tight in his arms , leaning his head against hers as he shook with relief .
tr	I	He lifted his chin , and it was almost as he though were challenging my parents to intimidate him .
tr	O	More police had been called in to guard the perimeter and several new military trucks rolled in .
tr	O	The shire is confident of raising the necessary funds to get the project off the ground and to comply with the conditions I am imposing .
tr	I	But she dare 'd not tell him .
tr	O	I hit the side and tumbled the full one thousand feet to the bottom .
tr	O	The roof tiles trembled with the noise .
tr	O	He 'd also tried to get up to that window after he 'd fallen into the cellar .
tr	O	It struck me that they seemed to know the whole story of how Flora had tracked down the Rembrandt .
tr	I	I bolt to the fire exit and down stairs the .
tr	O	Probably not to the Biltmore Fashion Park where she might run into Bonnie .
tr	I	I see reason no to kill the fairy , yet .
tr	I	A soap bubble in shimmered the room 's weak light -- capturing on a film finer than spider silk the scene from Althea 's last night .
tr	O	All the Mayor had left was the ability to hurt him .
tr	O	Then Marcus heard her say something that chilled him .
tr	O	Logan and I carried Jacob in and laid him on a table at the priest 's direction .
tr	O	And it could be some time .
tr	I	The press had sniffed out story a and wouldn 't be satisfied until they knew all .
tr	O	I gave strict instructions that Derek Novak was to be kept under surveillance until he returned to The Shade .
tr	I	Her eyes threatened to great deliver harm to Quentin .
tr	I	... but they had play to it cool .
tr	I	Would they me treat differently now ?
tr	O	When she knew what was going on here , she 'd be able to push the issue a bit harder .
tr	I	His angular jawline as softened he grinned .
tr	O	The long journey and the weeks of training had made her stronger somehow more confident , and today was the day she was going to prove it .
tr	I	She cast a surprised look back at others the .
tr	I	See if you can consolidate 's everybody things .
tr	I	It 's true not .
tr	O	In the distance , running away , I saw that same tattered form , clad in rags .
tr	I	She also researched several new charities that had introduced been to her .
tr	O	Tasha stepped next to Hal and marveled at the weapon .
tr	I	With my head spinning in daze a , I glanced over at Shannon .
tr	I	She like looked a runway model in her sequined , emerald green evening gown .
tr	O	Then the trail stopped .
tr	O	Meantime ... ' ' Over optimism ? '
tr	O	They 're hoping to invest in one of our plans .
tr	I	The saloon aboard a cruiser destroyer or , where alcohol can be served .
tr	O	I pulled up my phone directory and tried to reach him .
tr	O	He moved for the edge of the decking .
tr	O	Then they tell the child he must do what they want or they will kill his parents .
tr	O	We 've been having such fun here : This place is so old .
tr	O	I enquired , not that it made a difference .
tr	I	The movement lifted her upward as wide his chest expanded .
tr	O	She 'd grown almost dependant on the pots of coffee she constantly kept full to help her remain awake .
tr	O	I pulled two cigarettes from my pack and put them both in my mouth , lighting them simultaneously .
tr	O	The priest had warned them that their new bodies within these other worlds were mortal .
tr	I	She and were Tyler my closest friends there .
tr	I	There was a gnarled tree root sticking up in middle the of the trail .
tr	O	That line is one she stole straight from her papa .
tr	I	Zarah didn 't bother even to look up as she was bent down low picking up several belts that had fallen behind a display case .
tr	I	We never said because it we never believed that .
tr	O	Savannah said and both laughed .
tr	O	Day mutters close to my ear .
tr	O	And philosophers didn 't listen to one another .
tr	O	Letting myself into my silent house in Shakespeare , I peeled off my sweaty clothes and headed for the shower .
tr	O	It was simply his nature .
tr	I	To her , most of the stories she heard the in class were just that .
tr	O	Barry had been her partner long enough to know that when Jaxx said there was trouble , there was hell out there .
tr	I	The patient sucks in his breath sharply , that but is all .
tr	O	The woman didn 't scream or cry out .
tr	O	Rocks and skeletal weeds sprang up intermittently .
tr	I	She removed a navy jacket and cap , damp exposing , dark hair .
tr	O	I don 't need this .
tr	I	A sigh soft flowed from Karen as she watched Aly with sympathy , because she knew all about the pain I 'd brought down on her daughter .
tr	O	Then , as he hovered there , confused , he heard it .
tr	O	He started toward the door and stopped .
tr	O	Relief washes through me and I let out a breath .
tr	I	I made a mental note to have Dave replace the bulb , then I grabbed my flashlight under from the driver 's seat and climbed out .
tr	O	That simple touch , the brush and press of her body against his was enough to undo him .
tr	I	No-one of Amy 's description been has seen at any of the stations .
tr	I	I lean and down pull her lifeless body into mine and hold her and cry with her in my arms .
tr	O	Give yourself a wee bit of a break .
tr	O	Some of the candidates stood motionless , mocking those that fled .
tr	I	We cannot this keep blockade a secret much longer .
tr	I	Now lie down leave and me alone - please .
tr	O	Ty bowed his head and closed his eyes .
tr	I	Good as she was at running a going institution , I have 'd welcomed the chance to work with someone else , someone less confrontational .
tr	O	And I don 't have any friends other than you .
tr	O	The guilt weighed on me with every lie I told .
tr	O	He has that smug look on his face again .
tr	O	But he didn 't answer .
tr	O	The bottle looked broken ; the way it was designed , it bent over in the middle .
tr	I	We can figure this out all in the morning .
tr	I	Am I asking anyone to me give bread and butter ?
tr	I	A MATTER HOURS OF .
tr	O	Chapter Six I supposed nothing Cyrus could say should have surprised me given the day I 'd had .
tr	O	He couldn 't believe she was really there .
tr	O	I have to focus on today , on the here and now .
tr	O	The corners of his eyes crinkled as he smiled and sipped on his drink from before we arrived .
tr	O	You 're in every corner of my mind .
tr	I	The Empress smiled wryly , acting as if the question slightly had stumped her .
tr	I	She whipped her head around and looked me at with evil in her eyes .
tr	I	LOG ENTRY : SOL 16 One I complication hadn 't though of : Water .
tr	O	The girls had all completed sixth grade , and they knew each other from going to the same Walnut Hills school .
tr	O	Jamie hadn 't expected the move , and he tried to pull back .
tr	O	You were better than us !
tr	O	I needed to tell her what she wanted to hear to get her off the phone , and I couldn 't risk Ellery hearing me .
tr	I	He looked out over the shipping crate he was hunkered and behind spotted a very faint muzzle flash from the top floor of the grain mill .
tr	I	The Order was clear on almost situation every and dosing was often the first answer it provided .
tr	I	Fraud is a word that seems be to associated with science more frequently than in the past .
tr	O	She took him in deeper as she sucked his flesh .
tr	I	He clambered down the stairs after Cleo , anyway , and they made it safely the to ground .
tr	I	Everything owned they or had was on their backs .
tr	O	The fox licked his chops .
tr	I	Wielding mop the like a baseball bat , Bax swung it at the bucket .
tr	I	I took a sharp breath let and it out slowly .
tr	I	My name is Linde Abigail .
tr	O	I didn 't expect anyone to stand up for me .
tr	O	Their sensual and emotional awareness of each other seemed more intense every time they met .
tr	I	I stood the at water 's edge , enraptured by the fury rushing to shore .
tr	I	We were prepared for CME the when it came .
tr	O	She stared back down at her phone .
tr	I	And isn there 't something about ' eyes of blue ' in Don McLean 's song ?
tr	O	Still , with no choice , he shook the man 's hand .
tr	I	She handed it back to the child with a look snide at Abbey .
tr	O	Then I let go of the door and it slams shut .
tr	I	She to turned him , smiling in amusement .
tr	O	In the bedroom he saw the pile of clothes she 'd stripped off and the holdall .
tr	I	He buckled harness the , hands quick and sure ; then he looked up , staring at her thoughtfully .
tr	O	The club was rather busy and there wasn 't much room to move , but that was okay .
tr	O	Okay , let 's get started , and make sure you document your assumptions .
tr	O	' Let 's pack up .
tr	I	I about was to go over by them when I heard my grandfather behind me .
tr	O	Fluffy swelled up and hissed a little .
tr	O	Jeff looked at Sera and admired how well she looked in a pair of jeans and a white cotton shirt .
tr	O	That 's what he had to say about me being shot ?
tr	I	The vision and wavered vanished before Josephine could see more .
tr	I	She 'll take of care you too , feed you and clothe you in the cold weather , and bring you home .
tr	O	I think back to the first time I met Cam .
tr	O	If he made it back to the village of the Yellow Leaf , he could warn them of the Chickasaw war party .
tr	I	Or he 'd my blocked abilities to find him .
tr	I	He has been in your keeping barely day a !
tr	O	I can 't care less about the burning .
tr	O	If you hadn 't , then none of this would have happened .
tr	O	Hess 's Guardians entered as well .
tr	O	' By the way I 've been meaning to ask . '
tr	I	The raid and passed the all clear was sounded .
tr	I	Meagan : you ok guys ?
tr	I	He was a brown mutt type , like a German shepherd with no markings other than white one paw , his left front one .
tr	O	I draw back the covers and step out of the bed .
tr	O	Have you looked in a mirror , lately , Adriane ?
tr	I	It has a numbing effect on the ability to and use perceive magic .
tr	I	Their were orders to take custody of the two teenagers , take them to a holding room , and await the arrival of the detachment 's telepath .
tr	I	This job was a step her towards dream job .
tr	O	On the day of the magpies , the dog was ready .
tr	I	What it do did was cause more misery .
tr	O	Behind him , the elevator door opened and then shut again , like a mechanical mouth balked of its prey .
tr	O	I relaxed farther and even laughed a little .
tr	O	I lower my head and suck in a breath .
tr	O	The door to the tasting room opened , allowing a slice of afternoon sunlight to spill inside .
tr	O	Liam nodded and asked questions , holding Hanna 's hand when she felt like she was about to cry .
tr	O	His voice is rough with emotions long held back .
tr	O	But maybe it 's something a little less ordinary : something for our new shared bedroom , perhaps ?
tr	I	Sour faces spread like disease a among the common people .
tr	O	A tarp covered with various knives and pistols appeared on the ground at his feet .
tr	I	He a had solid track record for sensing danger , knowing when to panic , and when to take a nap .
tr	O	Their names were affixed to their uniforms , Bates and Sanders .
tr	I	That 's exactly 810 steps , not counting your dirt boot prints heel .
tr	O	I 'm going to throw it over the top of the hedge .
tr	I	he asked , and the answer was maybe the terrifying most thing of all .
tr	O	Hell , you 'll be a hero .
tr	I	Crusty from leaned the back , hooking his elbows on the seat between them .
tr	I	I really 't didn want him of all people to know .
tr	I	He seems happy perfectly to have her on his lap , pressed against him .
tr	O	I understood what Ruth was saying .
tr	I	She was such a big part of his life even though they only saw other each for a few weeks every year .
tr	O	Harrison turned to face me .
tr	I	After you use glasses the , keep them with you .
tr	O	Chances were I wouldn 't be able to save her anyway .
tr	O	Pamela snapped her mouth shut and nodded .
tr	O	To her relief , her dad walked in from outdoors at that precise moment .
tr	O	The addition of the new platform was not all that had changed .
tr	I	asked an incredulous Miller when the visit first was suggested .
tr	O	But it wasn 't Paris .
tr	I	Her head slowly swiveled to eye the other that stranger stood at the entrance to her cell .
tr	I	They were too deeply ingrained for too years many .
tr	O	She ran for another minute or so until she felt the need for a brief rest .
tr	O	I looked over at Jaden sitting about twenty feet away from Pris .
tr	O	Every time she looked at me , she saw the one responsible for our son 's death .
tr	O	It was so frustrating not being able to do anything .
tr	I	Again the tilted world .
tr	O	He nodded to Op Nine , who repeated the question in my other ear .
tr	O	Now word of mouth brought people to her store , and she 'd grown to love the clothes she wore .
tr	O	The small box of the airfoil would no longer be entirely enclosed ; it would no longer have unbroken walls .
tr	I	She had 'd no choice but to oblige him since her only formals were basic black , far too somber for a wedding .
tr	O	Sleep had not finished with him yet .
tr	I	She ran over to the man , apologised her under breath and gingerly retrieving the valuable knife , ducked into the darkness of the warehouse .
tr	I	But he wouldn 't her let withdraw that easily .
tr	I	If 'd she used the courts of Kansas for a legal name change , there was no record of it .
tr	I	I could feel a rebellion , a Viking rising rebellion inside me .
tr	I	My eyes left his as I down looked and started picking at the blades of grass .
tr	I	I did my to best ignore the fearful sweat that ran down my back and threatened to turn me cold .
tr	O	She sat and stared at the thing .
tr	O	He shone the flashlight under his chin to make his face look scary .
tr	O	From his shelf I pick up a little black horse figurine .
tr	I	Even when he 'd rashly offered marriage , Lucien had agreed never to be hers .
tr	I	I save 'd them for the important stuff .
tr	I	Her fingers shook as she pushed each button through opening its .
tr	I	I 'd against railed Ethan for withholding information from me .
tr	I	Her hands tightened on the steering wheel he until could see the white of her knuckles .
tr	O	Darla stopped digging in her bag and looked at Maggie .
tr	I	Raphael had also known about rash the .
tr	I	And can you do that ?
tr	O	Her mind often drifted to the other girls left behind , and soon she was past the point of hoping for every rescue .
tr	O	I screamed like a little girl , but I didn 't hear anything .
tr	I	She sighed as she felt the water move her over naked skin , but she didn 't open her eyes .
tr	I	He didn 't jump up as soon as the bindings clattered the to floor .
tr	O	It was my turn to do the smiling and nodding .
tr	O	Almost like being a whole person again .
tr	I	When the work is finally done , Warner Castle and share a brief moment of acknowledgment before they head in opposite directions .
tr	I	Sabine stared at up the light above her .
tr	O	There had just never been the right time .
tr	I	Of course , in the meantime , it meant she had to be driven everywhere , or escorted rather .
tr	O	Tears filled his eyes as he thought about Ashley 's charming smile .
tr	I	He a was handsome man .
tr	O	Even under the guard 's stinky clothes she smells like a breath of fresh air .
tr	O	We collapsed on our couch as everyone filed out .
tr	O	Grace held up the small hand mirror , then shook her head and watched as her hair swung forward .
tr	I	His hands creeped toward my chest , the cool tips of his fingers sending across goosebumps my skin .
tr	O	Grabbing the bottle , he poured another set of drinks .
tr	I	One at step a time .
tr	O	This time she wanted nothing to get in the way .
tr	I	I was dumbstruck by the beauty and elegance of what was formerly Kiran 's 's family home .
tr	O	Causing flow required imbalance and achieving equilibrium required tempering flow .
tr	O	I let it saturate my brain .
tr	O	He took it as a challenge .
tr	I	His mind was a storm of possibilities , survival his primary at concern this point .
tr	O	I 've seen the old newspaper articles .
tr	O	Wrapping a towel around me , I comb my fingers through my hair and walk out into the bedroom to get dressed .
tr	I	Gio pinched the of bridge his nose in irritation .
tr	O	Something was very wrong , and Colby had decided they were in real trouble .
tr	O	You can ban your thoughts and energy for other beings as well as you can absorb energy and thoughts of other beings .
tr	I	She looked at up him and blushed .
tr	I	I snapped my jaw shut and flexed my aching still fist .
tr	O	They treat people like my father , but who were repatriated , as treasonous outcasts .
tr	O	He 's the one who put you through a ridiculous test .
tr	O	The pit in her stomach grew wider , her disappointment profound .
tr	I	Both of them were on their cell phones , their thumbs moving rapidly across screens the .
tr	O	Lacy jumped , not realizing she had been walking around the store in a daze until Jason spoke .
tr	I	Such a thing was a last resort for kind their .
tr	I	She was to right throw him out .
tr	O	From their standpoint I am an elderly retired bit player named Al Jarry .
tr	O	Wakeman wouldn 't let him .
tr	I	When he did appear , he looked so terrible no that one said a word .
tr	I	Ari 's parents stood next her to mother and Uncle Dimitri .
tr	I	We 'll fly him there and pay him enough that he 't won mind staying through the season .
tr	O	He always tossed himself about to begin with , until he was able to stay still and just wait , enduring the terrible pain until it stopped .
tr	I	Newbies always had questions about traveling other to cities .
tr	I	She currently was enrolled at Yale University .
tr	I	Mama , with Min at her elbow , presented Papa 's for apologies his tardiness .
tr	O	Cassie hissed at him .
tr	O	He glanced her way .
tr	O	Within minutes , we were speeding away on the Heathrow Express and arrived shortly at Paddington station .
tr	I	Growing up in he Langley attended Langley Meadows Elementary School where he discovered his love for writing .
tr	O	I didn 't want to hear any more of this crap .
tr	O	Tim and Russ were OK guys , but Killer and Davis were her special friends and they were the leaders of the Fang Gang .
tr	O	Building supplies were always a bit short , but we made do the best we could .
tr	O	Confusion slipped into his eyes as the smile left his lips .
tr	O	We had signed the contract and now he wanted to seal it .
tr	O	Then she gestured for him not to look .
tr	I	The chopper will be here in two about hours .
tr	O	In the mean time , Chris called it off with Mike and moved back into his old room at home .
tr	I	Had she expected him to ask permission her first ?
tr	I	Plus , Chad as explained , we don 't know how far this thing stretches .
tr	O	To Robins it looked like Clements had finally got into the car .
tr	I	The others backed away , fearing an equal dishing hot of ash .
tr	O	Nancy hadn 't stopped at lipstick but had insisted on mascara and a touch of powder .
tr	I	I want to ask her if she knows what have might happened to me , but I don 't want to scare her .
tr	O	We are your friends .
tr	I	There 'll be a window team , bathroom a team , a corridor team .
tr	O	If your family was trapped on an island , what would you do ?
tr	I	The elevator door closed him behind and began to climb towards the top floor .
tr	I	We 've moved only a foot .
tr	I	Over the years he had developed his own theory on how to survive ravages the of international travel .
tr	I	I knew who would come through it , and for the first time , was I happy to see her .
tr	O	Maybe they were trying to send a warning to all attorneys , to avoid obviously insane clients .
tr	O	The restless desire to be on his way back to claim his woman made Severance lengthen his stride toward the port offices .
tr	O	Without warning , Grand began to march again .
tr	I	The beer wasn 't bad , despite early the hour .
tr	O	I struggled through water that was now almost up to my waist .
tr	I	Now beginnings the of emotion were involved .
tr	O	They won 't get to do any of those simple things .
tr	I	This he placed carefully in the satchel .
tr	O	If I can just make it to the mini fridge and chug a bottle of cold water , I 'll feel better .
tr	O	Then I saw what he was doing .
tr	O	One look was enough .
tr	I	Kids can never eat ice cream without making royal a mess .
tr	O	My mind instantly went through a horrible list of things that he could have possibly done that I wouldn 't like .
tr	O	She 's in no way a snob .
tr	O	Her nose dominated her thin face , but in an attractive kind of way .
tr	O	The hands on her arms tightened briefly as his body hardened subtly .
tr	O	Staccato bursts of gunfire rang out as the soldiers , Russian , Amanda realized , mopped up the Chechens on the factory floor .
tr	I	The chimp was still his brandishing dagger .
tr	O	That was the first time she realized he was no longer the kid she remembered him to be .
tr	O	Supposedly , I did something similar to the knife we found in the shoebox during the days leading up to me going into the fire .
tr	O	Angie zipped her up .
tr	O	Automatically , he turned and walked away .
tr	O	And this is going to be the really fun part ... Guess who it is .
tr	O	He held its collar to his face .
tr	I	Use it - or would you rather have throw me you through ? '
tr	I	His shirt soaked is through at the top .
tr	O	She had long hair that fell to the ground and mixed with the scorched earth , and a circle of iron around her brow .
tr	O	We have been torn from You , and now we are cast even from your presence ?
tr	I	Unfortunately , Lea noticed that was Tania still calm .
tr	I	The girl at stares me for so long I think she 's done speaking .
tr	I	she asked when was he done .
tr	I	Elodie moved him towards exclaiming , ' Oh Monsieur !
tr	O	I almost felt sorry for him .
tr	O	And the great glory of the Temple did seem beautiful - white and shining and full of gold - unspoilt - at least at this distance .
tr	O	I just wanted to be sure she understood how I felt about it .
tr	O	Maria stuck her finger down her throat as if to throw up .
tr	O	The kiss was liquid fire and Willow completely melted into him .
tr	I	Somehow , as as beautiful his companions were , their slick wit only rippled the surface .
tr	O	He wondered if Zane was seeing the same thing .
tr	I	The worktops of were a black marble design and covered the tops of the pale grey cupboards .
tr	O	You 're manipulative and jealous , cold and controlling , and you have to win no matter the cost .
tr	I	Uh , no , I 't didn .
tr	O	Sort of like being the Wizard of Oz .
tr	I	A beam sun of dazzled the water and stabbed into Hart 's eyes .
tr	O	I shook my head .
tr	O	He found himself looking down at the person who had apparently been following him ; however , they didn 't look that dangerous .
tr	I	What surprised Giles how was few people were in the home now .
tr	O	Bigger than Ben even , though not as bulky .
tr	O	She always pictured him as an uptight , rich guy , with an uptight , rich family .
tr	I	I mumbled hi ducked and into the living room , hoping to catch the score before going downstairs .
tr	I	He was fitting amazingly well into my world , which should disturbing be but wasn 't .
tr	O	The somber tones of his garments and wig were matched by his grim features .
tr	O	He focused on his notes , looking even more uncomfortable .
tr	O	What are they going to do when machines have removed labor as a skillset leaving only artificial intelligence as a viable means of employment ?
tr	O	Their yard wasn 't large , but her father 's landscaping was meticulous .
tr	O	' I 'll find you , ' he promised , intercepting me with a hand on my waist .
tr	I	He has been her protector his whole life , and now she 'll start to look toward someone else to that fill role .
tr	O	Joan looked into Miranda 's eyes then began to cry anew .
tr	O	I guess they weren 't expecting any rebels on the road once your force passed by them .
tr	O	Julian had said it depended on her .
tr	I	Now to try managing his libido , and find out if he had any of money his own .
tr	O	Sam closed his fingers around the ring , a strange soaring sensation in his heart .
tr	O	I looked at the police officers ; they were looking over at the broken window and one of them walked over to it .
tr	O	Jake returned from the kitchen with a tall glass of ginger ale .
tr	O	Back at Temple Road as Matthew arrived home very late in the evening , something he was now trying to accomplish on a regular basis .
tr	O	He rubbed his face with his hand , as if trying to wipe something off .
tr	O	A tiny trail of water zigzagged down Nate 's chin as he spoke .
tr	I	I flipped open the book and let out low a whistle .
tr	O	She decided that she must be seen to be submissive and obedient so that her time with the Daughters would be short .
tr	O	Before I knew it , I had a dozen sketches of every detail of his face .
tr	I	The took praetor a step forward and clasped his hands behind his back .
tr	I	She have should known .
tr	I	Mac withdrew his cell phone and speed a dialed number .
tr	I	Eveline 's widened eyes .
tr	O	Josh grinned then got up and pulled down the covers on his side of the bed .
tr	O	I never particularly wanted to get acquainted with the insides of trees , Damon thought as he spat out a mouthful of blood .
tr	O	We are all going to die anyway .
tr	I	Mr. Goodwin drags a hand his through hair .
tr	I	See , I put my black gown dressing on .
tr	O	I doubt they 'll ever find them .
tr	O	' The problem we have is how do we differentiate them from the genuine ones ? '
tr	I	Ike worried about the weight they 'd both and gained being out of shape .
tr	O	I thought I understood enough of your dynamics to do things my way .
tr	O	Sitting on a chaise on the beach below Rico 's house , Teresa curled her feet up under her on the floral cushion .
tr	I	Remnants of food and dirty dishes littered table the of the open kitchen .
tr	O	And John Paul is upset and afraid of losing her .
tr	O	Upon landing , the jet taxied across the busy airport into a private hangar .
tr	O	Jenna and Nicko looked at Boy 412 in surprise .
tr	O	he whispered back , presuming Beth 's shushing had been directed at him .
tr	O	It sounded like young Jenny had a lover .
tr	O	And then that night he had a dream .
tr	O	Did her husband really see a comparison between Amber and Edith Bunker ?
tr	I	Did his father 's so death affect him that he became a murderer for money or was it just money ?
tr	O	Sage leaned up and kissed me .
tr	O	I turned to check on my brother and sisters .
tr	O	The tail had seen Brady remove the SIM and casually discard the phone into a rubbish bin along with his newspaper .
tr	O	Both men switched their attention to us , and my stomach gave a severe jolt as the policeman looked me up and down .
tr	I	She course changed immediately .
tr	I	Maybe this was Eleanor 's way of getting bit a of leverage over the studio head .
tr	I	Her wide eyes accused him enjoying of the killing .
tr	I	Daniel smiled wide so .
tr	I	If I been 've as sick as you 've said , I shouldn 't be feeling this good so soon .
tr	O	Alice stared , then turned and raced towards the back of the house .
tr	I	The portion of the island that had still belonged to Buster when passed he away was again inherited by Dillon .
tr	I	Her hair is and blond styled .
tr	O	Daniel Hanson cleared his throat and dabbed his mouth before continuing .
tr	O	Ragnar wanted her in the south for a reason , but neither of them knew why .
tr	O	To prove to her that they were meant for each other .
tr	I	I pulled his head to down mine and kissed him as deeply as he had kissed me .
tr	O	Smiled Haddington as he bowed to the tree .
tr	I	He kidnapped them from the parking lot so no that one saw them , no one even connected them with the Crypt .
tr	I	Windle trudged across the to quad the Great Hall .
tr	I	So , Logan me gave all of his and even his mashed potatoes .
tr	O	After her initial greeting she walked over to the table by the window and opened the briefcase .
tr	I	A test failed I .
tr	O	' You 're going to make this difficult for me I can tell . '
tr	O	He shrugged and took a heaping bite of pancake .
tr	I	This was her room , all after .
tr	I	What had she done there at end the ?
tr	O	She 's requested an interview , and she didn 't do it in the nicest possible way .
tr	I	Tom watched as a black flame grew around Jacob , watched as he broke a into run and charged forward .
tr	I	Chapter One Tiny had just raised his hand to knock on the door when shriek a rang out from the other side .
tr	O	His jaw worked under his fingertips as he continued to pace .
tr	O	This phenomenon provides an explanation for déjà vu .
tr	O	CHAPTER 22 Harlin glances at the sofa and then back at me .
tr	I	The man wiped dirty a hand down Arthur 's shirt .
tr	O	He yanked her head backward and she squealed in pain .
tr	O	It was getting to the point where he would just go behind her back and arrange everything himself .
tr	I	I gazed at my friends , who so seemed enamored with their dates .
tr	O	She called Peterson 's home number .
tr	I	Roman took hand her .
tr	O	He was running so fast that he tripped and fell several times onto the next few landings .
tr	O	You never truly knew these days !
tr	I	This was only biggest the question I 'd ever ask anyone in my life .
tr	I	The man out came and opened his arms .
tr	I	a voice with an English accent unexpectedly called the over speaker in the elevator .
tr	O	Air stopped reaching my lungs as I forgot to breathe .
tr	I	He found himself on a small road belonging to the next site industrial along the main road .
tr	I	* * * The looked storm menacing as Carlos took off from Hill Air Force Base a couple of hours before lunch the following Friday .
tr	O	I pick it up and it 's a text from Holder .
tr	O	I ´ ve had enough of this already .
tr	I	I hold the small rectangle of paper up to the to light read it .
tr	O	Neither of us moves .
tr	I	I for ask water and try and make myself as inconspicuous as possible , hoping to avoid conversation for at least a few minutes .
tr	I	The book far was from ready .
tr	O	The first shock was the change in Hal 's appearance .
tr	I	He lowered black the crystal .
tr	I	This really an was adventure into the unknown .
tr	I	She couldn 't take her gaze from his face , not even to look at the man needed they to follow .
tr	I	Duncan cleared throat his .
tr	I	Several times he to had use the trenching tool to catch himself .
tr	I	If I hadn 't been suspicious enough before not by finding the jewels , now I was certain .
tr	I	He releases me and looks around apartment the .
tr	I	Suddenly , something bigger rested her at wet entrance .
tr	O	You 're now hosting Sites .
tr	O	He turned to face Captain Hoff .
tr	O	Two words that felt as powerful as when Thomas spoke I love you .
tr	I	That might be although Zero it did not seem right .
tr	I	' How many times do I have say to it ? '
tr	I	' I hate to say it , but this not is looking good , ' said Reid while we took cover within a narrow thicket .
tr	I	Alisa 's family down came the aisle we were in and Anna was angry .
tr	I	Travis stayed quiet , his hand moving rhythmically the over uterus .
tr	I	I stay down keep and my distance , just in case .
tr	O	A magpie lit on the chest of the unmoving boy , his breathing ragged and shallow while his eyes stared fixedly at nothing .
tr	O	Your sentence may be reduced !
tr	I	A series of appeared photos on the screen .
tr	I	But she to had remind herself , life was different now .
tr	O	Scarlett wanted to scream .
tr	I	Just like I know emotions that freak you out , but deep down you feel more about us than a lot of people feel in their lifetime .
tr	O	A fat snowflake landed on her arm , and Lauren glanced up .
tr	O	Lily leaned back against her bed and read the article again .
tr	I	The giant had fangs , wild hair , and a contorted posture as he though were as much a beast as a person .
tr	I	' The second , and by far the most extraordinary finding , are biological the remains we found with the scriptures . '
tr	I	Instead she intended use to Fire and Air to melt stone .
tr	O	She ran after the two cubs , who were loping off into the darker part of the cave .
tr	O	The foundation of who I had become .
tr	O	I needed to have a long talk with Lana .
tr	O	He can handle his own .
tr	I	I tried to pick her up but she gave a cry pain of and ran off down the garden .
tr	I	A swing hung from porch the rafters .
tr	O	The McGill was pleased with the current state of his world .
tr	O	I keep inviting people , but apparently Wednesday nights are more highly valued elsewhere .
tr	I	The nodded receptionist sagely .
tr	I	There was no reason for it be to where it was .
tr	O	Still , he had to go through the motions .
tr	I	Perhaps it reminded him of the innocent more days of his life .
tr	O	Without trial , Arnold Matson had been found guilty of that most preposterous of crimes : merely arriving in a backwater as a total stranger .
tr	O	Two of the rooms were empty while the room closer to the master bedroom held a bunch of gym equipment .
tr	I	The eyes were bothered what him the most .
tr	O	The normal dreaming world , her waking world and this one .
tr	O	He couldn 't see her , but he knew .
tr	O	That he does good , still .
tr	I	She 'd probably rather in sleep a bed shaped like one .
tr	O	I turned my head on my pillow to look up at him .
tr	O	His right hand at the top of the door jamb , his left at his chin , a hilarious smolder on his face .
tr	O	Luckily , the harvest for this year was in , but next year would be much more difficult .
tr	O	Jordan grinned , clearly thinking she 'd made a joke ; she hadn 't .
tr	O	What time passed , I can only guess .
tr	O	Tucker interrupted , remembering the fresh boards shoring it up .
tr	O	But she still wished for something better .
tr	O	She surely must be a very special child .
tr	O	That is when I hear it , the faint note of disbelief in his voice .
tr	O	Earl stepped out of his daughter 's room with tears glistening on his cheeks .
tr	O	I think that the books said that there were blue dragons in the mountains . '
tr	I	I adjust pink my panties with the little red flowers to be a bit more comfortable against my skin as I lie upon the old couch .
tr	O	41 I topped in my B.A. final year exam in Political Science in the college .
tr	I	This part of the river , wide while , was extremely slow and shallow .
tr	I	Rock to wanted go through , but he was concerned as to what exactly was holding the boulder .
tr	O	We sank most of our funds into this operation .
tr	I	We both know you don 't even want try to .
tr	I	She turned around paused and with annoyance .
tr	I	I felt the eyes roll back my in head as my lids drifted closed and my head rolled to the side .
tr	O	In comparison to needlework , the outing sounded better all the time .
tr	I	The man who held Molly on his lap until fell she asleep , then tucked her safely in bed .
tr	I	My dropped mouth open .
tr	I	They couldn 't get naked fast enough , couldn touch 't enough , couldn 't get close enough .
tr	O	He held a stoic face for about ten seconds and then burst into laughter .
tr	I	The Danes timed the perfectly attack .
tr	I	She felt click the .
tr	I	Women like to the have last word .
tr	O	I could get in and get the car gone in less than 45 seconds .
tr	I	Besides , they the were ones funding his rather elaborate lifestyle .
tr	O	How could she have forgotten to talk to Lucia about Lucas being her father ?
tr	I	The men wildly disputed .
tr	O	Hear then the judgement of your master .
tr	I	Edwardian put his drill back his in miner 's briefcase .
tr	O	I think people guess first that it 's short for Katherine , or Kathleen .
tr	O	Each drawer was labeled with things like Northern Lights and Power Skunk .
tr	O	Her father grumbled beside her .
tr	O	If something goes wrong , but it won 't , again no one will be able to trace who you are .
tr	O	Taking his hand , she tugged him toward the gates .
tr	I	The next thing she knew , she stood in a room clouds of , in front of Lucas .
tr	I	See what mean I ?
tr	O	Dominic raised her hand to his lips and kissed the inside of her wrist .
tr	I	The cyborgs and Cowboys were already working together build to emergency living facilities for the newcomers , and they were already making great progress .
tr	O	He raised his eyes to the almost quivering girl in front of his desk .
tr	O	Some outlet for getting rid of the horses they take , and the tack .
tr	I	Julian flashed a bright grin , flicking his fingers through his disheveled white hair blond .
tr	O	As a result , I was allowed to realize the enormity -- and horror -- of what was happening outside .
tr	O	St. Denis asked , knowing this would surely cause more tension among the tribes .
tr	I	After a moment discomfort of , the strips of tape came loose from his skin and the needle slid out of his vein .
tr	O	He had my number , but it was a prepaid phone ... but he also maybe knew me from coming into the shop so there was that .
tr	O	Like , I would have been a passive sort of Nazi , but I still would have been a Nazi .
tr	I	He looked about as wonderful from the back as he did from front the .
tr	I	She to tried relax in obedience .
tr	O	She took a deep breath .
tr	O	I had perfected what I called my business smile ; forced but well faked .
tr	O	It is in his best interests to stay on my good side .
tr	O	Metal on metal ground together as the ship shifted , finding a new balance , slightly askew .
tr	I	Since morning come had , they searched the surrounding forest for any survivors .
tr	I	His smile a fixture on his face as he her followed .
tr	I	She had just beaten a vampire in hand hand to combat .
tr	I	She was dying in front of me and just I watched .
tr	O	Then I thought , where 's Ruthie and Katy ?
tr	I	She , too , shut her flashlight off reaching after the boardwalk and made her way slowly toward me .
tr	I	Franco had turned cold immediately after he 'd finished ... .
tr	O	Everyone else in the house is human .
tr	O	Until Aidan met Emma , Nadia 's future had seemed secure .
tr	I	She didn 't know she why was pursuing this .
tr	O	That didn 't sound good .
tr	I	Tex strolled around the tables took then center stage , holding his hands in the air .
tr	I	I shook my head pieces and of glass wiggled free from my hair , clinking off the hardwood floors .
tr	I	I stood and gave him a hug , remembering the circumstances our surrounding last meeting .
tr	I	Avril came up with Pepper and the jumped puppy in my lap and licked me all over .
tr	O	This wasn 't going at all like it was supposed to .
tr	I	You don 't look old enough to be librarian a .
tr	O	I started to walk away and ran right into Jess .
tr	I	Killian held J.J. off his by feet his neck .
tr	O	It was like Juliet was totally hawt for Romeo .
tr	I	They continued along driving , being unable to bring the car to a halt .
tr	I	Simon 's never band actually produced any music .
tr	O	He kissed her on the cheek and left through the wall panel .
tr	I	Adria stares at the skeleton , no doubt the recalling very second that the man died .
tr	O	She walked up and down the aisle , and I could see the wheels turning in her head .
tr	O	he mutters to himself as he slows his horse and reigns it back in her direction .
tr	O	Maybe the sex was what she had meant when she talked about decompressing together .
tr	O	I regretted letting her talk me into going to this dump .
tr	O	Even the biggest stars in the world needed food and sleep just like anyone else .
tr	I	Marta nowhere was to be seen .
tr	O	They were trying to make her out to be some kind of whore .
tr	I	Rocco braced his arms on the mattress on either of side her , keeping his body apart but enjoying her kiss , following her lead .
tr	O	My hands slide up his wrists to clasp his .
tr	O	What was I thinking ?
tr	O	At least she has a cab waiting for me when I come out .
tr	I	The sensation worsens , growing tighter and tighter until I gasping 'm for air .
tr	I	I always swore I 'd leave her before 'd I hurt her .
tr	O	She was up to her chin in one of the cooling barrels , the excess liquid surging over the sides and splattering onto the stone floor .
tr	I	Pushed against the wall , she her arched back , driving herself into him .
tr	I	We 't can hold on much longer .
tr	O	Aden 's boisterous laugh surprised his three companions and for a moment they were silent with shock .
tr	I	Ned shifted to see her better and gritted his teeth against pain the .
tr	O	Then she 's pulling me into another hug , her mouth right next to my ear .
tr	O	You were the prick that refused to move out .
tr	I	The walls were covered in tapestries plaques and of all our school 's achievements .
tr	O	A tiny pinpoint of light appeared far away and approached quickly .
tr	O	' In the dresser , ' Cora said , signalling across the room .
tr	I	Once you dumb were enough to get into its reach , it was over .
tr	O	His heart is as strong as he is .
tr	O	Laci started to shake her head .
tr	I	I promised him that I would look after and care for you the way that you were trying to care me for .
tr	O	Dario pulled the letter to his chest .
tr	O	I about fell over as I stumbled at his words .
tr	I	Big , fat bleeding F 's that mock me , but they 're nothing compared to thing the behind me .
tr	I	The whole time I fixed him up , I avoided his stare and I avoided touching more him than necessary .
tr	O	I turned to face forward , settled on the horse and cradled Ghost .
tr	O	But Marcia knew why the boy looked different .
tr	O	She glanced at the screen .
tr	O	It did , however , make her a perfect roommate for me .
tr	I	This Magick ... didn it 't touch her .
tr	I	Kane : State the third and final of phase Art .
tr	I	The internal to struggle push away the acceptance of certainty or find a logical reason to deny it remained in place .
tr	O	Nigel hurried to catch up with his friend .
tr	I	Spencer at gestured her parents .
tr	O	It had the name of his alma mater across the front , and for some reason that made her like wearing it even more .
tr	I	The design made me shiver , as if it spoke to some dark , secret deep memory inside my brain .
tr	O	You were always strong , but you never felt other people like that .
tr	I	He didn 't want to walk in on his either mom .
tr	O	The nurse beside me stopped walking and I did the same .
tr	I	And they powered were by another curious mixture of technologies .
tr	O	She had done everything in her power to make certain of it .
tr	I	Somehow , Anon 's voice was audible both telepathically , physically and .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure I liked that he could do that to me , but I let it go .
tr	I	Some fell back , prayers murmuring .
tr	I	And I wouldn 't that do .
tr	O	They instead informed me that it had been taken care of .
tr	I	Notify the court immediately if you or anyone you know is in any way contacted with regard to your involvement this in trial .
tr	O	I look down to see bandages everywhere .
tr	I	I wanted to charge in there now , and mutilate every of one those sons of bitches .
tr	I	Most of the patrons began leaving the establishment they until heard Aria begin singing .
tr	I	She smiled broadly and reached her into pocket .
tr	I	Eleanor tapped the end his of nose .
tr	O	But , I must stop right there , because Dallas and his family are not on earth during the Tribulation ; they have been raptured .
tr	O	Even with the amazing things that she could do , she had reason to be fearful .
tr	I	The gold of his stare far seemed too deep , too dark .
tr	O	I shouldn 't have thrown them together like this .
tr	I	She half him expected to pull away and laugh the whole thing off , but neither of them was laughing at the moment .
tr	I	I know what now I really want !
tr	I	Yet , as he watched the two , Dan was the same cousin kind-hearted as always .
tr	O	I mean , I have family and friends in Akron too , and I don 't want anything to happen to them .
tr	O	The shadow behind her vanished .
tr	I	He at glanced me only for a moment before raising his crossbow just in time to deflect an ax .
tr	I	I got lost for few a minutes , and you brought me back .
tr	I	And God him help , he was helpless before her .
tr	I	Yet he chose to fly under the radar and showed real no interest in anyone other than Cheung .
tr	I	I rather said more firmly .
tr	O	At first I think I 've heard her wrong .
tr	I	And I don 't know how strong I can be when I 'm faced with desire his .
tr	O	Lord K looked around suspiciously , but he was certain the king was too busy to ever look at the records .
tr	I	They both have more and armor Skyfire , and will replenish themselves on their own .
tr	O	I promise I 'll use the utmost caution .
tr	I	Said Sebastian showing him little a mirror .
tr	O	He didn 't say it , but with you echoed in the beat of silence that followed .
tr	I	Staggering the into circle , they threw the faery at Mab 's feet .
tr	I	Come on , baby , grab a and shower eat something .
tr	I	Both men ignored the moving people by them .
tr	O	A sense of joy filled her up with her next breath .
tr	I	Jonas was sprawled on a chair , his legs stretched out in front of him , his hair dark falling forward over one eye .
tr	I	They stay would in contact with the outside world and interface with even the president himself if need be .
tr	I	I never had heard Veronica beg before .
tr	O	She 'd wrung him dry in every respect .
tr	O	I want to be near them for a while .
tr	I	Don 't with mess her .
tr	I	He the covered mouthpiece with one hand .
tr	O	He called after Steven , who understood Manuel 's silent reminder to watch over their mutual friend .
tr	O	He wasn 't smart , but he was physically intimidating .
tr	I	That wasn 't part of the plan so technically wasn it 't my fault we were late .
tr	O	she asked , but the confidence had faded from her voice .
tr	I	That certainly was true .
tr	O	His gaze slowly came down from the ceiling .
tr	I	Leo 's leg throbbed pain in .
tr	I	Ty knew his partner better than did Deuce .
tr	O	McDermott pulled up another chair and the man sat down at the table .
tr	O	The door shut with a quiet click and Elizabeth faced Marcus with shoulders squared .
tr	O	My mouth fell open , and a murmur rippled through the remaining council members .
tr	I	After the initial impulse , James wondered , would momentum the remain constant ?
tr	I	Vicki dropped her handbag the on sofa and ran a hand through her hair .
tr	O	Killing zombies , she hoped .
tr	O	The blood would not wash off .
tr	O	I believed with every part of my being that this strange figure did not mean to increase my business .
tr	O	She found Jeremy sitting in his makeshift chair , leaning forward and letting the drool drip from his swollen mouth into a simple pot they had made .
tr	I	His plan was to return to the States evening Sunday when he could retrieve his wife and escort her to Europe .
tr	O	She blinked repeatedly until she could focus on the mast .
tr	O	Inez set the towels on the floor beside him and then examined the knife in his back , trying to judge how deeply in it was .
tr	O	Six inches of hail lay on the ground .
tr	I	And are you in a quarry .
tr	I	His head struck a crystal ; mind his spun .
tr	O	I 'm pretty sure it was her wince that made me flip .
tr	O	I didn 't know if this cell was still spelled or not , but I wasn 't about to find out .
tr	O	It 's all part of the scheme .
tr	O	She flashed a careful smile .
tr	I	She sat cross beside legged him , and bent down with another swift look around .
tr	I	It 'll fine be .
tr	I	Folks talk , and they have memories long .
tr	O	We gripped each other hard , releasing only when the aftershocks faded and our breath leveled .
tr	O	Fortunately for Anya the two women wore the same size and Lady Hartwell generously shared her wardrobe .
tr	O	And she wasn 't sure she believed another baby would either .
tr	I	It just 's speculation .
tr	O	He seemed to be burning up from the inside .
tr	O	He also took a wine glass out of a cabinet .
tr	I	Abbot Antony , Brother Benedict and Steve gathered the with friends of Saint Peter , Maurice , Verena , Catherine and Julian sat in the first row .
tr	O	I tuck the knob back into its wrappings .
tr	O	The party was in full swing when we arrived .
tr	I	Not they that hadn 't listened to him with respect .
tr	I	He left the lab to visit the men 's room and was on his way back when he heard his name called being .
tr	O	The tingling feeling that usually precedes tears came over me .
tr	O	The file cabinet was empty except for her jacket .
tr	I	Three since years my mom had been out to California , begging me to come home .
tr	O	The trip is about two hours each way .
tr	O	Just because you weren 't conceived the old-fashioned way doesn 't mean your purpose isn 't any greater .
tr	O	The terror had so gripped her that she couldn 't form a conscious thought .
tr	I	I 'll be bodyguard your .
tr	O	She whispered the words , but I could hear them as if she were talking normally .
tr	O	They 've been with me for years .
tr	O	The guy has a rap sheet and a warrant .
tr	O	She could be out of line and take decisions that her bosses won 't allow in normal circumstances and blame the situation for that .
tr	O	Lennox is laughing too .
tr	I	He mimicked her words with his mouth sitting before down in a huff .
tr	I	Giant flames were coming of out the main barn doors .
tr	O	If he was to placate her family , he needed to have his two weeks without any competition .
tr	I	And why the hell was he talking about to lying protect someone you love ?
tr	I	He turned and at looked her .
tr	O	Her summer has taken her to the extreme of our environmentalism , just as I 've realized the other side to my beliefs : compromise and priorities .
tr	O	America had been discussed and as the band 's dynamic changed Johnny sensed Russell not embracing its new spirit .
tr	O	JASON This was probably a bad idea .
tr	I	Highlights flicker on points of interest as known about information the object begins to scroll up on the left side of the image .
tr	O	The sound is so loud that I press both hands to my ears until they 've passed .
tr	O	Now we can 't go directly to Salt Lake from here .
tr	O	A trickle of fear seeped into her .
tr	I	He her watched watch the moon .
tr	O	She turned to him .
tr	I	My staff was inside pocket my in coin form , so I guess we were ready to go .
tr	O	The youngster burst into tears again .
tr	O	It also was laden with sleeping potion .
tr	O	It was nearly as important -- Gem thought it might be more important -- than the lab .
tr	I	I her let talk .
tr	I	She had flee to .
tr	I	Lauren cried , pieces of old an family puzzle suddenly coming together .
tr	O	When his hands wrap around my throat , I am surprised that I can 't immediately remove them .
tr	O	Mag told the class .
tr	I	His will flowed through the wood , forcing the limbs slink to back into the darkness .
tr	I	I stood in the doorway and at stared her .
tr	I	Jobe nodded and the innkeeper showed them the two rooms the group would share , but left Monika to fulfill her promise to Deja .
tr	O	The easiest was to set them on fire , but that did not always work on the oldest and strongest vampires .
tr	I	Two made boughs a nice little cradle for her to stretch out in , her weapons close .
tr	I	It like 's I could feel the warmth of her soul pouring out of her and I 'm dying to get wrapped in its heat .
tr	O	They could stand upright which was more than they could have done entering the cave .
tr	O	Her daughter had Charlotte 's best interests at heart , misguided though she was .
tr	O	It had only given him the respect of the seniors above him as well as the rest of the school .
tr	I	He could partially shift track and her by her scent .
tr	O	His heart rate , recorded on the monitor in front of Amar , rises and rises , like a bird taking flight .
tr	O	The EMT nodded and they hurried out the door .
tr	I	He reached and out shook her hand .
tr	O	The leader lowered the pistol and sighed .
tr	I	Perhaps was it the lie of omission .
tr	I	Buildings tall were , square , and quite simple as if the Soviet planners used large concrete dominoes to piece those buildings together .
tr	I	Prescott Police Valley had observed it on 69 proceeding south out of Prescott Valley .
tr	O	All of it was just talk filled with empty promises to give the government time to do whatever it was planning on doing .
tr	I	I write 'll the letter when I get home .
tr	O	It was a letter to Braden 's tenants , asking them to vacate the premise in one month 's time .
tr	O	They wanted the process for themselves to sell on the market to foreign governments and terrorist organizations .
tr	I	Dominic stood the on porch , listening .
tr	O	But he wasn 't in love .
tr	O	She had no idea what being his wife entailed .
tr	O	Most were on making weapons and the plants of the Amazon .
tr	I	We bounce back and forth in the truck as Amar drives over the railroad tracks , staying close to the high cement on wall our right .
tr	I	* Olivia the spotted padding amongst the refuse .
tr	O	His facial expression didn 't change once .
tr	I	I wasn 't expecting it , but caught Owen my hand and steadied me .
tr	I	She crossed her and legs folded her hands .
tr	I	He her followed as she walked toward the exit sign .
tr	O	His eyes were haunted as he stared at me .
tr	I	They would spend half the evening circling verbally each other in an anxious search for common ground .
tr	O	I didn 't want her to crash .
tr	I	I 'd decided wear to a short pleated skirt because nylons are easier on my ankle than socks and pants .
tr	I	Why 't can I just speak to her ?
tr	I	The monster the clawed lawn , my spear stuck in its ribs like a harpoon .
tr	O	No movement , no reload .
tr	I	He and turned gave McCall a sheepish look .
tr	O	He was never much for comfort , but after my mother died , he didn 't want to add or change anything about the house .
tr	O	Louisa nodded back as politeness dictated , but her head and heart ached .
tr	I	He started pouring a her drink .
tr	O	On every corner we pass , there seems to be someone hanging about , but in a way that doesn 't seem casual .
tr	I	Casters , we go we where like .
tr	O	She wouldn 't say who .
tr	O	As the boy stomped , the little paper man climbed quick as a whip up his leg and did some kind of over the back flip .
tr	O	He caught her in the act of trying to hide her amusement , and thus began his lecture .
tr	O	She should have days earlier .
tr	I	If you so say , Kendra placated .
tr	O	Finally the lot was drawn , and a lanky fellow with shockingly blond hair was selected .
tr	I	he says with a genuinely curious look on face his .
tr	I	he yells at guards the .
tr	I	He was getting weaker , and the rest of the hunting party waited for eminent his collapse .
tr	I	He suddenly rose , which popped her mouth off his nipple .
tr	I	Yet , Sarah was totally when ill-equipped Rose took a bad fall and broke her hip causing much pain .
tr	O	She never really noticed a man 's bottom before .
tr	O	It whispered to the rough stone floor .
tr	I	Tears of confusion and fear come to eyes my .
tr	O	He was so quick -- much faster in his movements than a human should be .
tr	I	He moaned and remembered suddenly .
tr	O	I felt a profound sense of sacredness wash over me .
tr	O	I hurried home , not looking back .
tr	O	After he left , I tried to dissect that quick impression I 'd gotten , the one that had prompted me to duck .
tr	O	She blinked her eyes mildly , showing sympathy for me .
tr	I	After the boys left , Fathers House was devoid of its assortment usual of voices and myriad activities .
tr	I	Losing Susan did almost me in .
tr	O	Because I want to matter to you as much as you matter to me .
tr	O	The pureblood vampires , inherently linked by centuries , recognized each other on sight , but Kaitlyn lacked that particular talent .
tr	O	Goss surveyed the scattered contents , and even with a pounding headache came to the obvious conclusion .
tr	I	Zook over shouted the noise .
tr	O	She knocked free of Monk 's arm and gained her own feet .
tr	I	Celeste 't didn seem interested in any help from Gabe right now .
tr	I	I hadn 't seen him do this before , and even caught Sky send a questioning over look his way .
tr	O	The counter had nothing on it .
tr	O	At this point , Callum stands up realizing what 's going on and frantically started searching with me .
tr	O	Reacher had once read that boat shoes had been invented by a yachtsman looking for better grip on slippery decks .
tr	O	Long ago , he 'd admitted there were things he did without any reason .
tr	O	Henry had met Nicola during the first week at medical school .
tr	O	Cordelia shook Matthew 's hand .
tr	O	Stephen sat down in the wheelchair and I held his hand as Ian pushed him out of the hospital .
tr	O	I glanced at my watch .
tr	I	' Do really you care what they think ? '
tr	I	On one such night , had he a dream .
tr	I	She over looks at me .
tr	O	I shook my head .
tr	O	Dinner was awesome and Dad quickly dropped the uncomfortable conversation about Asher .
tr	O	Fredrick stopped and looked as Nova squeaked and put her head down at the sound .
tr	I	But I didn 't mind much too .
tr	O	SARA KNEW DRIVING five hours in a car would be tough even if she stopped every sixty minutes to stretch her legs .
tr	I	Bender nodded at absently the assembled dignitaries as he leaned forward .
tr	I	You can 't to go the cops !
tr	I	She something had blazing in her hand .
tr	I	The I longer left it the harder it got to find the words to tell you .
tr	O	Apart from that I was fine , except for my hand .
tr	I	The man scratched his head , looked at wife his .
tr	I	I hadn 't seen her since we discussed me going the to vault .
tr	I	Fili and Kili were at the top of a tall larch an like enormous Christmas tree .
tr	O	Lacy sat across from him and cut her own generous serving of cake .
tr	I	I shake head my as the events of the day begin to take their toll .
tr	O	She closed her eyes and looked through his .
tr	I	She 'd put Sloane and Samson 's needs first now and silent remain .
tr	O	No one else understood it .
tr	O	Now , it felt good to know that people were looking out for her .
tr	O	I stop to find my love .
tr	O	His red face flushes with sweat .
tr	O	Sam had gotten three envelopes from his duplex tenants .
tr	I	Of course , the economy never recovered as stagnation and resignation settled in as the U.S. economy sank and lower lower .
tr	I	She chants quietly , I listen but cannot make the out words .
tr	I	To her hide discomfort , Anne Marie grimaced .
tr	O	He 'd had his sling removed the week before and behaved as if nothing had ever happened , including heaving Ruby around .
tr	O	Now , she would surely freeze to death before she discovered her name and why she 'd had blood on her hands .
tr	I	Confusion muddles features his .
tr	I	In the distance burning huge pillars of fire are rising many kilometers into the sky .
tr	O	They are not very dangerous individually but can become a problem when encountered in swarms of more than two hundred , as is occasionally reported .
tr	O	Jones kept smacking the gavel , losing his cool .
tr	I	He lowered his voice a to whisper .
tr	I	The flashes were so brilliant , that developed she an aversion to the light .
tr	I	Jem seemed to look through her then , as if he were seeing something beyond her , the beyond corridor , beyond the Institute itself .
tr	I	We healed 've them and we 've tilled their fields to yield grain for their food .
tr	I	There was some irony in the way she picked carefully the words , though .
tr	O	Marianne laughed and Leslie joined her .
tr	O	This was probably the most beautiful spot I had ever seen .
tr	O	Remember your precious Helen ?
tr	I	But on the time ninth that the fleet set sail , a whale appeared amongst them .
tr	O	The gatekeeper took the money and grabbed Ben 's hand , pressing a stamp against it .
tr	I	She rode a huge beast the color of blood that pace matched with my lion .
tr	O	I dismissed the thought after mulling it over .
tr	I	Hardly had they left the pad launch , a growing roaring was wafted to their ears .
tr	I	She reached the upended tree , wall the of vines .
tr	O	Maybe in a month .
tr	I	And she 'd he thought couldn 't hurt her any worse .
tr	I	Somewhere in there he realized she was coming again , crying out his name as her body tensed then released ecstasy in .
tr	O	My initial intent had been to either get Stanton to take legitimate action or else find out if she might accidentally reveal knowledge of a Warrior connection .
tr	I	Marcie is not enough you for .
tr	O	I wanted them to suffer for what they 'd done to my mother .
tr	I	The following day , a came runner to the workshop , where I was pitching in .
tr	I	The dart stung in side his .
tr	I	I asked , standing up then to make presence my known .
tr	O	The entrance to their tunnels must have been close .
tr	O	He dodged one of Sammy 's angrily flung hands .
tr	O	Her eyes went wide before she could control her reaction and the smile in his voice hit his lips .
tr	I	I the think little lady wants me .
tr	O	His voice sounded super calm , as if trying to offer her the emotion .
tr	I	Nobody called Jasmine her .
tr	O	As any queen would , she stood for her people , injuries and all .
tr	I	She not 's my sister .
tr	I	She looked over back at Nicole who was watching Elspeth 's departure .
tr	I	Whether or not she could the handle truth was beside the point .
tr	I	I just ´ can t point it out exactly .
tr	O	And he certainly didn 't want a puppet , as she had accused him .
tr	O	Three more figures crested that same ridge then , and my relief faded .
tr	I	The Specialist as relaxed he saw the Captain wasn 't going to pull rank on him .
tr	I	Crushing Becks on would be like crushing on my sister .
tr	I	The pampering was good for her ; she looked relaxed more and happy than she had in weeks .
tr	O	In truth , he was going off to die .
tr	I	I 'd never understood the true meaning of the word until I woke up and found left myself there helpless and chained to a cave wall .
tr	O	True , but what about Laurel ?
tr	O	His gray shirt was so thinned down by excessive use that it had holes here and there , which to Hazel 's dismay didn 't bother Ash .
tr	I	Anger instantly was banished by Healer .
tr	O	He came to me and curiously asked , ' What did you say to her ?
tr	I	A light blinked out in western Australia and Nathaniel shed a tear his for dead sister .
tr	O	Her possessions could fit into one box -- she had accumulated almost nothing over the last decade .
tr	O	Which left her breathless , on edge and in a constant state of excitement .
tr	I	I glanced up and watched as she the delivered beers and snacks to the table .
tr	I	Before she could answer , a door shut outside somewhere of the large , cold room .
tr	I	After a few seconds , McDougal could stand no of more the anxiety .
tr	O	But since the vampires hadn 't been forthcoming with information , I 'd kept it to myself .
tr	O	What if that guy killed you tonight ?
tr	I	Marcella looked around nodded and approvingly .
tr	I	Slipping the leash off her wrist and stripping off her coat , she went into the bathroom , shutting the door before could Sam follow her .
tr	O	I was meeting Ben later at one , so this might work out perfectly .
tr	I	And it isn true 't .
tr	O	With the exception of his wife and Vane a few seconds ago , Dante never touched an Arcadian by choice .
tr	I	I his pondered question .
tr	O	Amy and Ariel began to ooh and ah over my diamond jewelry .
tr	I	On the opposite wall was a carved marble fireplace , the creamy white stone with sketched grey veins .
tr	I	I 'm lucky , though , I and know it .
tr	I	Peter to continued study her , his expression revealing mild surprise .
tr	I	We 'd be closing Circle the of Blood , and there was no way we could foresee the consequences .
tr	I	The kid didn 't have a mark him on .
tr	I	Nuala now had to get jobs which would allow her to take the baby her with .
tr	I	Ryan nearly crushed his cell phone in his fist he as stared blindly out at the ocean .
tr	O	Caroline kissed him on the cheek .
tr	O	Archie was caught off guard had to think quickly .
tr	I	My napkin fell to floor the as we walked away .
tr	O	I wanted to hear her tell me where she went that afternoon and what happened .
tr	I	He stayed there for a bit and then turned around and began a long back hike to camp .
tr	O	Matthias hung his head and reluctantly trudged back to his seat .
tr	I	It a was relief to let go of such a heavy burden .
tr	O	Having spotted an aquarium in the corner Matthew made a couple of fish jokes that had then all rolling about laughing .
tr	O	What made his grief so different that it would qualify him for a second chance ?
tr	O	Lexi had promised to be good , and here she was at a party again .
tr	O	Reflected in that glossy patina , she saw a shadow move across the opening of the far side of the fireplace .
tr	O	She didn 't need anyone to tell her he was avoiding her .
tr	I	Up they got ; again and this time the result was disastrous .
tr	I	And then he brought his hand other into the exploration , tracing it along her torso until it rested beneath her breast ... Oh .
tr	O	Hannah spent the morning gardening and tending her goats .
tr	O	It fluttered to the floor followed quickly by his pants and briefs .
tr	I	He laughs something that sounds like an breath amused .
tr	I	Patrick was going to be father a .
tr	I	I nodded , then leaned head my against the glass .
tr	O	But that didn 't mean her uncle wasn 't behind this .
tr	O	First David and now my wife .
tr	O	In a matter of seconds he 'd gone from tears to tyrant .
tr	O	I left for my uncle 's with more unanswered questions than before .
tr	O	She tried to ignore it , but it was difficult .
tr	I	Such a fee had never been seen by me or my partners , and we excited were , initially .
tr	I	Hands landed on her back and prayed someone .
tr	I	He glanced down at his work attire and then back me at .
tr	O	He 'd only just managed to leave on Sunday night before ravishing her .
tr	I	Everyone has choices to make ; no one has the right to take those choices from away us .
tr	I	Then Noah would to come the house again , this time for dinner .
tr	I	The company employed upwards of three thousand people with their main headquarters in Darlington and other smaller offices at seemingly random throughout locations Europe .
tr	I	When you drive me I 'll know what to say her to .
tr	O	I came at Victoria 's behest .
tr	O	I 'd only ever imagined myself with one man .
tr	O	I recognized a few from the group that had been led by Dominic , the ones who had met us at the walls when we arrived here .
tr	I	I knew I would have to keep a level head , as or level as was possible for me .
tr	O	They were always laughing truthfully and respectfully and everybody appreciated them .
tr	O	The gorgeous man enters , a majestic cat at his heels .
tr	O	I 'm beginning to like my new kip in spite of my nagging fear that I could be left here alone forever .
tr	I	' I think , my little Mouse , we have been in the presence of one the of gods .
tr	I	And , in the alleyway you 'll ﬁnd two the dead Ministry spies .
tr	I	She appeared be to loading a reply .
tr	O	And the air went right out of her lungs .
tr	O	Or the nearest to life I had left .
tr	O	Eric dove into two Sycamore defenders , knocking them back out of the way .
tr	I	For some reason she had a distant about way her .
tr	I	I hope you 't aren going to be getting this number of visits every day .
tr	O	And the others had reluctantly agreed to the plan after wasting five minutes arguing about it .
tr	I	He had hand one on the knob , preparing to step out into the hall .
tr	I	They quickly scuttled from the room and then there was just and Nicolas herself .
tr	I	The basement instantly pitch went black .
tr	O	called Belinda up the stairs .
tr	I	Although something still troubled me , could I not tell or clarify with words what it could have been .
tr	I	They rushed forward , their voices jumbled loudly together in their to urge be heard over everyone else .
tr	I	It didn 't seem do to the trick .
tr	I	My focus drops to limes the in front of me as I work to regain my composure .
tr	I	I looked William at 's face as he lowered his mask and felt chills run down my spine .
tr	I	With a shallow breath he walked towards the outline the of column and didn 't look away .
tr	O	This also kept her from calling Martinique right away because she feared the hire guns would make a B line straight for her .
tr	I	As I was headed out the front door of my apartment building , a large U-Haul pulled to up the curb .
tr	O	It had all seemed foolproof in the planning ; why were there always so many sudden doubts and second thoughts in the execution ?
tr	I	I know you 're with Salter , but would it be nice to see you again .
tr	O	A horn sounded in the street , reminding him of where they were and the omnipresent possibility of paparazzi .
tr	O	As Andrew signs the last document to ensure our country is to be protected and occupied by his men , a woman approaches me .
tr	I	Sometimes I 'd filled in the empty spaces of coloring books with cheap packs of I crayons 'd found in the gift shops .
tr	I	she asked , the strain of keeping still almost too for much her .
tr	O	Yes , don 't lie , you told me you did .
tr	I	The two were strangers taken aback and had quickly swung their eyes to Jack .
tr	I	Brady brushed Elliott past and walked to the door .
tr	O	It was empty , stripes of light from the street lighting shining through the thin curtains , reaching far into the corners .
tr	O	I took the time to wonder if the steam pipes running beneath Delphic helped heat the place .
tr	I	He picked his up spoon and plunged it into his tea glass , and also began to stir vigorously .
tr	I	For Ted , it seemed as the though roundhouse was coming at him in slow motion .
tr	O	I couldn 't breath , but that didn 't panic me .
tr	I	It took five minutes and happened in time real .
tr	I	She ran and ran , until the hallway ended a in blank wall .
tr	O	And from what I 've seen , it doesn 't stop at any other Wal-Mart or campground in the area .
tr	I	I to walked the door .
tr	O	Still a bit confused .
tr	O	They rose from their seats and shook her hand .
tr	I	Thank God we don 't have children any .
tr	I	And then it was late too .
tr	O	I have to respect his rules .
tr	I	Zac could feel its warmth on his skin his through rough homemade clothes .
tr	O	Her hips swayed from side to side , seeking more intimate contact , and he was happy to oblige .
tr	O	There was also a black man , perhaps a slave , who accompanied the procession in some as yet unknown quest .
tr	O	It was astonishingly smooth , and warm .
tr	O	I sat in the leather visitor 's chair , while he leaned against the edge of his huge desk .
tr	O	That I 'd made a mistake .
tr	I	The body jumped and grabbed hold of Ellis ' his leg as he was slowly writhing on ground the .
tr	I	Her fine dark eyes in widened outrage .
tr	O	The squad positions itself under Boggs 's direction , and then we have to wait for Cressida to get the cameramen in place as well .
tr	O	Lyssa The first thing that filled Lyssa senses was the smell of overused Lysol and then the brightness of white .
tr	I	The three shared men knowing looks .
tr	I	Her stare wasn 't bravado or defiance she ; just didn 't care .
tr	I	I had my fair share of beauty treatments my most teenage life living with my mother .
tr	O	He stopped talking about what kind of art he thought the Atlanta suite could use and turned his head to look at me .
tr	I	Yet although this irritated the dinosaur , he succeeded only in it enraging further .
tr	I	Trapper looked around and couldn see 't Corsair anywhere .
tr	I	There were techniques many a fraudulent medium might use to make her clients believe she was talking to their deceased loved ones .
tr	O	Daddy 's not here , so you can have a little friend of your own .
tr	O	Sweet cream brushed the tip of my tongue and I tried to lick it , but it pulled out of reach .
tr	I	He poured himself whiskey another and drank it straight , attempting to calm his nerves .
tr	O	I turned back into her room and Alexandria stood in the doorway .
tr	O	I lost control of where we were and started to cry out , but Conner put his hand over my mouth until I finished .
tr	I	In the flashing lights red of the ambulances , I couldn 't read his expression .
tr	I	She handed it to me as walked I up to her .
tr	I	I asked , the feeling sick sense of dread thick in my throat .
tr	O	He folded forward ever so slightly .
tr	I	It sounded like Chuck wasn 't forward looking to his life off base .
tr	O	Chad needed no further invitation .
tr	O	Susan pushed the others aside and waved frantically towards the bottom of the stairs .
tr	O	He wouldn 't have stopped .
tr	I	Something dawns over her face , and for a moment , I 't needn be there - it is merely her and her epiphany .
tr	O	the one on my chest yelled in my face .
tr	O	The man sat down at the kitchen table .
tr	I	Even with denim the barrier , warm heat enveloped him .
tr	O	Why is she looking for Calder ?
tr	O	In a short period , four more squad cars surrounded the scene from various departments .
tr	I	The had days flown by , and it was closing in on Christmas break .
tr	O	Their ears were still pinned back , but they no longer looked as if they wanted to eat me .
tr	O	Put on the spot , Mike wasn 't sure what to say .
tr	I	He turned his focus back to his car , parked in driveway my .
tr	I	The 's beast cry reached their ears .
tr	I	Peter holds up a hand , and Sidney walks over to the of edge the stage .
tr	O	It 's never been about me .
tr	O	I tugged on his arm .
tr	I	They stepped out into the hot sunshine , and a huge gust of wind blew Caroline 's veil into her face , it swirling around her head .
tr	O	And when he does take it down from the wall to examine it , we 'll know for certain that he still has the touch .
tr	O	Her team gathered around her and cheered , taunting the starting players .
tr	I	She smiled at back him ever so sweetly .
tr	I	I think changing out of the dress was a huge disappointment for him , but he wasn 't so socially as inept to refuse me .
tr	I	He made straight Billie for , s office .
tr	I	I thought of dream my .
tr	O	These demons once were angels , and roamed freely throughout the earth and heavens .
tr	O	People who 'd had parents and children and friends and pets and jobs and hopes and plans and memories and futures ? .
tr	O	Except for Sara and Rafe .
tr	O	Her heart quickened with recognition of its hunky form .
tr	I	You say did casual .
tr	I	He opened Aston the Martin 's passenger door for her .
tr	I	For once in your life stop running from yourself and the have courage to take what you want .
tr	O	It was as if someone else had taken charge of her mind .
tr	O	Jonah had insisted on a private room .
tr	I	By his actor 's talent , he was trying not showing to before the children how much nervous he was .
tr	O	The TV was loud when I got inside .
tr	I	This one looked the like outline of a giant , disproportionate boomerang .
tr	O	Jackson made guttural noises as he withdrew his erection almost all the way , then slammed back into me .
tr	I	He kisses the top of my before head walking to the stairs that lead to Miller 's room .
tr	O	Cain 's body tightened .
tr	O	The light fixtures and knobs and gadget controls were gold-plated .
tr	O	You look hot and you know it .
tr	I	Or it could be because he about was to go insane .
tr	I	Warm fanned wind me .
tr	I	No , don you 't .
tr	O	Then her eyes fluttered to his .
tr	O	Pretending the past few weeks with him never happened .
tr	O	Fredrick trailed off and looked around at nothing in particular .
tr	O	Pagan had noticed him and Miranda was now sitting up .
tr	O	The pleasure rose once more .
tr	I	Surprisingly , the sky was clear of the rain clouds that had been blocking the light of the of moon late .
tr	I	Without conscious thought , she found herself standing outside 's Zack room .
tr	O	Twilight had settled across the lake .
tr	O	He wet one finger with his tongue and held it up .
tr	O	There were few men as good as him in the jungle , but Jack Norton was one of them .
tr	O	It was an ache that was constant in her mind .
tr	I	Those are of works art .
tr	I	I reach over hug and Hailey .
tr	I	I sank to my elbows and grabbed his hair , kissing him harder than I 'd kissed anyone my in life .
tr	I	She needed to find out Cordelia if was real .
tr	I	Thick , black blood poured freely form both of wounds their .
tr	I	She to managed fish out one at the edge , but could only watch as the rest defiantly sailed away on the breeze .
tr	O	It was discovered that the Keeper 's guards were infected -- likely had been for some time .
tr	I	After all , the can library wait .
tr	I	Just then , Alex saw something out of the corner of eye his .
tr	O	No one was with Shane .
tr	O	He only lived a few blocks down .
tr	O	He wrapped his arms around my waist and pulled me close .
tr	O	the one wearing green , Sophie if Selma could tell by the names called out , surmised .
tr	O	He set down his empty beer glass and stepped off the stool .
tr	I	Genevieve had been there that in park .
tr	I	I looked up to meet the eyes of the who stranger captivated me .
tr	I	Do not listen to his voice a with human ear , he added as a caution .
tr	O	He was bending forward and looking at her with one eye squinted , trying to get an admission of something .
tr	I	Her son breezed into the house , hugged her and then lifted immediately the lid on the Crock-Pot .
tr	I	Then screaming her faded .
tr	O	He smiled all beautiful white teeth , full lips and dimples .
tr	I	Simone kept her locked eyes onto his .
tr	O	The gun never moved from Rachel 's temple .
tr	O	Seems he 's well acquainted with all our tastes . '
tr	I	The lower ground where from they had come had suddenly disappeared , replaced with a face of rock matching the opposite side .
tr	O	I turned back to Micah and cocked my head .
tr	O	She hadn 't fought a water witch yet .
tr	I	She heard César 's low growl like a and startled angry animal .
tr	I	He pulled window the shut behind him .
tr	I	He was surprised that the did cut not look as bad as he 'd first thought .
tr	I	The guards resumed their places flanking us as we entered the back doors of palace the .
tr	O	Needed it , but I didn 't want it .
tr	I	Seth wiggles the bottle in front of my face and the liquid splashes inside against the glass .
tr	I	Violet caught me in a giant hug , laughing hysterically she as wrestled for the hose .
tr	I	She turned hands her out , palms to her own face .
tr	I	Devlin let out a curse , halting in front the of coats .
tr	O	The dimple made an appearance and I felt my breath catch in my throat .
tr	I	It landed on the below rubble us with a wisp of dust .
tr	O	I looked at him steadily over the car door .
tr	I	It feels so good and Adam is sleeping with Sis ' under Shirley a mound of blankets and quilts .
tr	O	' Assuming we can get into the Citadel and steal the key , we will still need a distraction to get into the dungeons .
tr	I	I groaned a and little reached for it .
tr	I	Da Bear takes another step forward glaring while at Steve .
tr	I	He took the phone Charles from .
tr	O	He locked the front door and proceeded into the kitchen .
tr	I	Jon quickly pulls Running Deer to the ground throwing the blanket over him that so he won 't be seen .
tr	I	That hadn 't been up cleared ?
tr	O	He let the softness of her hands in his hair soothe him .
tr	I	I was in London using a different name before shepherd your 's pie was properly cold . '
tr	I	Of course , he was her kidnapper , and she was supposed to hate him , but every time he said something , she ground teeth her .
tr	I	' I have offered him the and princess the throne , he seems happy . '
tr	I	There is life everlasting life , the Kingdom of Heaven and your for nostalgia those who have gone before you .
tr	O	Since then , there was an unbreakable bond between the two of them , and they had been working together ever since .
tr	I	She hadn seen 't Brady in three days .
tr	O	Sometimes she even believed herself .
tr	O	Instead , we sit back-to-back and huddle under blankets while relaxing and eating our rations .
tr	O	I only ever made her sad .
tr	O	When I caught her I grabbed her foot and pulled her toward me .
tr	I	He crashed down , books and paper going everywhere , everybody and started laughing .
tr	I	She wasn 't a team player , and she felt a bit knowing self-conscious they were all watching and monitoring everything she said and did .
tr	I	' Didn 't you say you 'd to been the porcelain room , Carey ? '
tr	I	He 't hadn thought about her since last week 's knitting class .
tr	O	And Just Two Sweet !
tr	O	A heated conference ensued at the side of the clearing .
tr	O	Paulo always came home smelling like sour apples and vinegar .
tr	O	It 's soft to the touch and the binding still gives off a faint whiff of leather .
tr	O	But it 's my grandfather 's basement .
tr	I	See that black plastic liner there up ?
tr	O	Basalt , with his short legs , had to almost run to keep up with the long stride of the two yeti .
tr	I	Called Deimos , back then , he was a warrior for Alexander , his height making him visible from a distance any in battle .
tr	I	It banged clattered and on the floor .
tr	I	She held up finger one .
tr	O	Putting the bottle back , she laughed and grinned devilishly , in a way that reminded me painfully of Kellan .
tr	I	I know what they 're feeling , and many realize of them have been through what I 've been through .
tr	O	Wrapping my arms around his neck , I sniffled for a moment before getting myself back in hand .
tr	O	* * * Shortly after midnight , Iris and I returned to Olympus .
tr	O	If I ever wanted to regain my sanity , I needed to get out now .
tr	O	He tasted hot and male and musky .
tr	O	Jordan 's hand tightened around hers .
tr	I	The doctor in said Nairobi I got lucky .
tr	O	All I can tell you is that it 's been three days .
tr	I	She loved the sound and feel the of his voice .
tr	O	She has a son to support , and she 's got to do her best to provide for him .
tr	I	And why would I have to careful be in the dark ?
tr	I	How had she let it this get far ?
tr	I	Nathan stared at the messages in hands his .
tr	O	Yeah , I don 't trust her , but that doesn 't matter .
tr	I	When a man was married and not staring down your at arse or your bloody knockers , it was obvious you should try a different sort .
tr	I	But Glory had felt her head and heart might explode if didn she 't tell someone .
tr	I	It was a deep , rich brown with an of undertone auburn .
tr	O	He hitched his steed to a fence post and approached the hut .
tr	I	A tiny whispered voice out to me .
tr	O	Jimmy was going to call the cops that first night , you know .
tr	I	The four gathered it around , pleased yet nervous at what they would find .
tr	I	What is excuse your for your disobedience ? '
tr	I	Sadar had barely kept his fall being from one with severe consequences .
tr	O	Not exactly what I had in mind , but that works .
tr	O	I didn 't say anything .
tr	I	The startled grunt of surprise and pain it issued was to music her ears .
tr	I	You guys here stay .
tr	O	I hopped out and we walked up towards a large abandoned building .
tr	O	As the ball moved upfield , Cory could clearly see the battle for possession in the midfield .
tr	I	Leon : In preparation for my escape , I a became student of survival skills .
tr	I	That they year had decided to try out a new location , and it had become a favorite for everyone .
tr	I	We tucked Noah into the guest room for the night , but after about an hour , I the heard door creaking open to our bedroom .
tr	I	You under were the building .
tr	O	It dug into their silver , but she was in no mood to nag him about their finances .
tr	I	I reached over and buckled her seatbelt then and mine .
tr	O	Was her attacker simply drunk or was Olivia in more danger than Alexander had originally believed ?
tr	O	The P.A system crackled .
tr	I	Without word a he spun and hurried back toward the infirmary .
tr	O	The rest of the week passed uneventfully and she was quite happy when Saturday came and her father delivered her to the station to go to Bristol .
tr	I	I him loved yes more than anything .
tr	I	Make question her everything she had ever known .
tr	O	I swallowed hard and suddenly questioned the wisdom of coming forward .
tr	I	Her hands were gentle , and the more she touched me the less control I felt with her , especially when she this was close .
tr	O	I always had a hard time around handsome men .
tr	I	And this , turn in , obliged us to reorganize our Gatherings .
tr	O	She chose for them not to .
tr	I	Her was mouth just a little too full , her eyes a little too round .
tr	O	Joshua wondered what his father did with the toy sword and rope .
tr	I	Continuous conflict it seemed to subconscious my , the ancient and the future , forever in conflict .
tr	O	Danika had changed him for the better .
tr	O	Then we 'll part and never see each other again .
tr	O	I loved that I could see the ocean and hear the waves .
tr	O	I was happy and no one was going to ruin that for me .
tr	I	His hands tightened painfully in her hair , and she whimpered protest in .
tr	O	This man who would soon be her husband was considerate , thoughtful , loving .
tr	I	Only a couple of Americans would arrange a lunch at such odd an hour .
tr	I	Briggs his had arms folded over his chest , waiting .
tr	O	Vincent slipped behind the wolf and raised the stake to plunge the weapon into the creature 's back .
tr	O	As she spoke , an idea sprang into his mind .
tr	O	There had to be something out there stirring .
tr	I	She was welcome to believe whatever she about wanted me .
tr	O	He dug into the box once more .
tr	O	After almost three hours , Joe collapsed , unable to get back up .
tr	O	He grins at me again , and I feel a smile tugging at my own lips .
tr	O	She lived two hours away in Denville .
tr	O	I prefer to have a good one for the rest of my life .
tr	O	Then he exploded with laughter .
tr	O	Isabella winced , and the duchess immediately turned a kind smile on her .
tr	O	Lily was alone when Margaret rapped her knuckles on the door the usual four times before opening .
tr	O	As she worked , her mind began to function again .
tr	I	She felt sensation the of spiders crawling over her skin .
tr	I	The said voice I would not die .
tr	I	Afterwards , he collected his belongings from the barracks squad room and carried them to new in quarters a room adjoining the dispensary .
tr	I	The other two announced their agreement , Terra with a nod , if as goading me to accept this fair deal .
tr	O	I get enough leverage to be able to pull myself up and gaze out of the window .
tr	O	This is so unfair !
tr	I	Without and sickness violence .
tr	O	Give yourself a chance .
tr	O	Instead you 're in a shithole in America .
tr	O	Like I was going to say no ?
tr	I	When my class last finally ends , I 'm out of the building as if it 's on fire .
tr	I	Sven and Olaf can marry into instead some powerful and wealthy family from the Eastern Settlement .
tr	I	Liam just felt the opposite .
tr	I	She thought they going were West , she used the stars to guide her but somehow it did not make sense .
tr	O	Jessica took her sister 's shoulder and pulled her toward the closet .
tr	O	They could be having fun while someone else pleads their case in a high court in another dimension .
tr	I	Time get to this situation back under my control .
tr	O	She moaned as she slowly rocked back and forth , grasping the infant tightly .
tr	O	The driver had to speed down a few back roads before they finally got rid of the convoy of fans .
tr	O	That he isn 't an angel ? '
tr	O	But these ordinary aboveground everyday sort of riddles were tiring for him .
tr	O	His pleasure became my pleasure ; he 'd made that very clear .
tr	I	It does defy belief , I mean , why do they still have such a stupid gun over culture there ?
tr	I	Brigitte spit out the one words by one .
tr	I	She woke up suddenly , tears streaming down her face as tried she to catch her breath .
tr	I	I walk can it .
tr	O	Thinking about it was close to treason .
tr	I	There 's nothing I hate worse than to judged be unfairly .
tr	O	She seemed to be perspiring , though it might have been moisture from the rag .
tr	O	I expected Joe to magically appear the way he always seemed to do , but the street outside was empty .
tr	O	I was quicker than the others , better at combat .
tr	I	He wouldn 't have left up me here all alone .
tr	I	she asked , and put the down towel .
tr	I	8 Day 6 after ( midnight ? )
tr	O	But I have to try and survive it as well .
tr	I	One of them held gingerly a football , or as the Americans call it , a soccer ball , as though he 'd never held one before .
tr	O	Why the hell does it seem that this just went from sort of exciting ... to very , very bad ?
tr	O	She wore white satin gloves and was leaning on the arm of some sort of nobleman .
tr	O	The doctors would look at him in a pitying fashion and leave for another hour .
tr	O	When I finished telling him , he chuckled .
tr	O	Once he was on his feet he ran from the house .
tr	I	Nash 's final swish got more fanfare a than guy in the woods who saved a girl 's life .
tr	I	And so was Sandra an integral part of this .
tr	O	No way in hell could he just walk away from her once they reached the mainland .
tr	O	His eyes flickered to her , a look of surprise in the gray depths , then he smiled , transforming the forbidding lines of his face .
tr	I	She was acting just so strange that I finally threw her out and told her to go home .
tr	I	Long ago he had conceded to hoard orchard the 's produce .
tr	I	We walked the to front of the library and then to the side of the building by the trash bins .
tr	I	She must look older different or .
tr	O	I turned and looked at him curiously .
tr	O	I heard Martina 's voice starting to say something , but I was already sliding down the cable .
tr	I	He it pondered briefly , then nodded and called over one of the uniformed officers working nearby .
tr	I	He my covers hand with his .
tr	I	Which was also a new and development scary .
tr	O	Ethan walks into the room and steps to the large bow window .
tr	O	I collapsed back against the pillow , thankful Sam could explain about the island .
tr	I	I found my nerves and asked bravely ; I although was unsure why I would trust this stranger .
tr	I	Cautiously she took the pillow from her ears , deliberately trying to down turn the volume on her hearing .
tr	O	Lucien could not prevent a small chuckle .
tr	O	Ryland could have sworn , when he looked at her , the ground shifted and moved under his feet .
tr	O	The candles they borrowed from the poolside bar were small and white , not tall and black .
tr	O	She had been pouring through the thing for days , and one finger now marked a page .
tr	O	It 's coming on pitiful .
tr	I	Hazard began to drum on his chest issued and a series of vibrating sounds .
tr	I	For own her personal gain she had gleefully fallen into line with the cynics .
tr	O	I don 't know you at all , but you seem a decent enough person , scissors aside .
tr	O	I didn 't know if I liked Jakob all that much , though , I was wildly attracted to him .
tr	I	Tattoos decorate arms his and two silver hoops hang in each ear .
tr	I	Although I am still scared of what it reveal may and what it could unleash , at least we will face it together .
tr	O	Everything had been normal until one night after Ethan turned eighteen and was arrested .
tr	O	He didn 't smile easily .
tr	I	Abby was the one led who her to the pew .
tr	O	He hadn 't wanted her to know anything of his plans .
tr	O	Her mind spun , a revolving wheel of thoughts that spanned the length of her life .
tr	O	It was all too much to take in .
tr	O	Like he could wave a wand and make all the medication she 'd been taking work in a consistent pattern .
tr	I	He walks over and picks up an almost disc identical from where he reappeared .
tr	I	The iron hand , the authoritative might of a decisive dispensation ruling is not acceptable .
tr	I	I 'm an apothecary who goes about trying to help the and sick heal people . '
tr	I	Many other spectators had to come this trial , too .
tr	I	Fear was becoming a distraction at a time that I needed to focus , not only my for life , but for Kara 's as well .
tr	I	Both still had mud dried in their hair and went straight for the bottle of tequila .
tr	O	With a firm hand on her shoulder , I walked her out to the hallway and pointed her towards the bathroom .
tr	I	She thought once her mind was made up she would feel some sort of at peace the resolution , but all she feels is sadness .
tr	I	After tea , Tara apologized and told me that I needed stay to in my room for the afternoon .
tr	I	At least they have a body to mourn over and bury -- thanks you to .
tr	I	She held his gaze for moment a .
tr	O	He could see I was getting a bit down and he squatted closer .
tr	I	They heard the coming brothers into the room , their feet loud on the floor .
tr	I	The man who joined us for lunch a few hours later was an Intelligence Analyst for the 's FBI Criminal Investigative Division .
tr	O	The House of the Damned , as Torin had dubbed the place , had been built hundreds of years ago .
tr	I	The reason that I had sent her the letter begin to with .
tr	O	Jaden started choking on the other side of the table .
tr	O	Marat comes back alone to the meadow that marked the farthest advance of the British .
tr	I	I opened the rest the of door .
tr	I	We could hear her laughing hysterically all way the out to the car .
tr	O	She put as much sincerity into her tone as she could , never allowing her gaze to drop .
tr	O	When he offered to pour drinks , Reece requested a glass of wine .
tr	O	Actually , she had no recollection of anything that happened between then and now .
tr	O	So many cravings and urges possessed her that she wanted to scream in frustration .
tr	I	Shelves hung on the wall held little china statues wide-eyed of children .
tr	O	Her uncle was alive , so were the professor and Jordan , and even that walking refrigerator called Kowalski .
tr	O	It 's sick , but understandable , you know ?
tr	I	She took a few steps out the into yard , glancing up into the sky as snow rained down on her .
tr	I	Charlotte laughed at his arrogance mock .
tr	I	And hear the of lap the water .
tr	I	But Sara took my mood bad and confused mind to a whole new level .
tr	O	They too had their families snatched from them by Lynette and her followers .
tr	O	They visited for some time about their journeys , and Heather told him how Jason was dreaming of trying to sail around the entire world .
tr	O	So the tears had streaked silently down her cheeks , but she 'd stopped crying out .
tr	I	Emily 's knees weak went .
tr	I	I discarded in it the next town and got a brand new one .
tr	O	The rock and light are so similar and I can hear the cry of tortured souls all around me .
tr	O	She rubs her hands together like she 's excited .
tr	I	A snap of her whip pulled out one of its legs from under and it sent it to the ground with a plop .
tr	O	You know Tristan I always wonder .
tr	I	I didn 't look back again at him Lace until called my name pulling my attention to her .
tr	O	What he did to Andrea .
tr	O	She 'd done something about it .
tr	I	Chapter 14 I don 't why know , but Jack leaving me at an airport was much easier than me leaving him outside the tour bus .
tr	I	Most of the I babies 'd delivered never knew their fathers .
tr	O	She walked over and lifted his chin , towering over him .
tr	I	Same door colour , same style curtains , same small garden out the back .
tr	I	He stared her at , appalled .
tr	I	I wait but remains she silent .
tr	I	I 'd been set from up the start .
tr	I	Then Frank frowned , how she knew that had he thought it was a super coffee puzzled him .
tr	O	' Tell me , George , do you intend writing an article about today 's play , or are you here purely for your own amusement ? '
tr	I	So much for a breather , she as thought she pulled her lipstick out of her bag .
tr	O	* Jane finished her dusting of the library and looked over to the clock .
tr	I	Before entering , I give the back door at the end the of hallway another quick shove .
tr	I	A moment he later fell into his chair and slept .
tr	I	Her eyes were liquid pools of and passion pain and I could resist them no longer .
tr	O	Stepping out , Janet smiles .
tr	I	' Do feel you like fighting in a battle today ? '
tr	I	The light dimmed and brightened through the shutter slats , as the foliage leafy was pushed in and out of shape .
tr	I	She turned away and sprinted back toward the tunnels , forcing me to chase her after .
tr	O	And it is why both of us can take the early morning sunlight .
tr	I	They trusted and him all nodded or mumbled agreement .
tr	I	They were her customers , and she certainly 't didn want them mistreated .
tr	I	Then she stared down her at half-filled suitcase with what was obviously much regret .
tr	O	He lifted her off the ground and kissed her until the light grids flickered off one by one .
tr	I	Her dark hair fell in long waves down to her waist and covered her pale figure , making the memory appear be to in black and white .
tr	I	He pushes himself up and glides like smoke , shooting , dodging shooting and again , while I run to the next room .
tr	I	Sensation led the way , which was the first that indication something was very wrong .
tr	I	The whole package warmed him a in way Mrs. Robbins never could .
tr	O	Rush opened the door and Steve burst past him without a word of greeting .
tr	O	George seemed to be more introspective , spent hours in the museum cataloguing his collection and running the business from the home office .
tr	O	The door didn 't open .
tr	O	I grit my teeth .
tr	O	It 's not about proving myself .
tr	I	While he 's talked , a number of his freaks have entered quietly the room and set about swiftly removing the unfortunate Fiona from her supporting mannequin .
tr	O	Once again I had asked an innocent question , and because of it , I was banished from the conversation .
tr	I	His hands and feet felt cold too .
tr	O	I removed myself from the clearing , shrugging Chess off .
tr	O	Go back downstairs and tell them I simply refuse to see anyone .
tr	I	They come 'd for a lynching , it seems .
tr	I	But she couldn 't bring herself to stay , even for night one .
tr	O	Jessica had begun to realize that he never wore a coat , no matter how cold it got .
tr	O	How far was it to those lights ?
tr	I	The gray gemstones remained opaque and was there no rainbow , but the transformation was dramatic nonetheless .
tr	I	And that is the very core of the connection between the mystic the and sword .
tr	I	I turned the on television and started flipping through channels , but the offerings were even worse than I 'd expected .
tr	O	He looked up at the sky .
tr	O	I 've always been a last-minute shopper , which probably seems a little strange to some people since I have OCD and like order .
tr	I	And I didn want 't to run away from Gabriel .
tr	O	I could taste the dressing from my salad and wondered if I was going to be sick .
tr	O	He yanked her from the left side of the full-sized bed they shared and pulled her towards his rank attire .
tr	I	Crimson light from erupted the Bowl , burning so bright that I had to look away from it .
tr	O	He put himself between her and the elevator .
tr	O	I was witnessing first hand the end of the world as we knew it .
tr	O	She sank deeper in the mire of desire and desperation .
tr	O	Pam had plotted out where everyone should park , to prevent Hallow 's coven from becoming alarmed by the sudden appearance of a lot of cars .
tr	I	She shook her head and rolled her eyes toward the at ceiling the same time .
tr	I	The British accent was back , but this time Nick was hiding behind his wife tiny .
tr	I	He paused long enough to maneuver onto the road , though didn I 't know where we were going .
tr	I	But while the early Romans have may killed off the Etruscan civilization , they absorbed many of the people .
tr	I	She like sounded that now .
tr	O	he asked , resting his chin on the top of her head .
tr	I	Our family was growing and our bonds were stronger becoming .
tr	I	The guy had always been the master of multitasking .
tr	I	She watched him pace the room and wished were she back in New York , hundreds of miles away .
tr	O	But he had looked forlorn and inviting and needy and exciting all at the same time .
tr	O	' I tried every test and technique we have , they all came back with bad results .
tr	O	Jace had rarely been anywhere that seemed so thoroughly deserted .
tr	I	He starts twirling a strand of my hair around his and fingers I don 't think he 's even aware he 's doing it .
tr	I	It is a tool Templar .
tr	I	And they were his friends best .
tr	O	It bothered me what people thought about him because they wouldn 't know what a great guy he is .
tr	I	I knew I had no escape plan and the likelihood of leaving actually the island was practically non-existent .
tr	I	There was knock another .
tr	I	It really 't didn matter what they said , but if they were talking , they weren 't shooting .
tr	I	Or watching Axel carry this across weight to the car as if it were a handful of fluffy woolly jumpers .
tr	I	The press and stink the of population .
tr	I	We were completely alone and together as we have should always been .
tr	I	I know they 're dusty and faded , but it does point to -- ' ' Is a this trick ? '
tr	I	He slept 'd off the ground he didn 't know how many nights running .
tr	O	At least his trousers no longer felt embarrassingly tight .
tr	I	A muscle ticked in jaw his .
tr	O	Is that the reason you were late ?
tr	O	He 'd never be there , not until Hades allowed it .
tr	O	With a flick of her hand , she freed the line from the willow branch and turned to push the boat from the tiny beach .
tr	O	I 'm tired and I 'm thinking and feeling way too much for one person .
tr	O	Selena looked away from her , trying to shut the viper out of her thoughts .
tr	I	Dean 's muffled came voice from inside the lizard head .
tr	I	You know of my of line work !
tr	O	For what seemed like an eternity , they waited there , watching the barred wooden doors under the gate through which the enemy would attempt to come .
tr	O	One thing this ugly old house has is plenty of bedrooms .
tr	O	As the blaze ignited , flying out toward him , Adolf 's eyes found her .
tr	I	His thumb caressed her wrist inner , the light caress sending jolts of pleasure shooting through her .
tr	I	The air is stifling , luckily but there 's no smoking allowed .
tr	I	As started I up my truck , I looked at the dashboard clock .
tr	O	Hired transport , as it turned out , was much the same in France as it was in England , only more limited .
tr	O	Giulia turned to look at the sea for a moment .
tr	O	Warmth and the feeling of home settled over him .
tr	I	Maybe it 's sturdy enough for to Catfish cut a furrow .
tr	I	She double-checked the GPS on her phone to sure make she was going in the right direction .
tr	I	Thomas expected to be back at home holiday shopping with his mother and other members family .
tr	O	My father responded to the question with a confused eyebrow raise .
tr	I	To this day he didn know 't how he had made it to the jeep .
tr	I	A number of decided us to blow up the ROTC building at the University of Kentucky .
tr	O	Gregor would have said no , but the toddler climbed right up on the roach 's back .
tr	I	If she called the police , one no would believe her .
tr	I	I turned my head toward the voices realized and they were outside .
tr	O	The lights dimmed , ending our conversation .
tr	O	Kylie had even found herself grieving over Red , aka Roberto .
tr	I	With his fist , he pounded out the shards and stepped out onto the back deck just as the roof completely was torn away .
tr	I	Anger flared through Cassie as she back scrambled up .
tr	I	I thought Gianluca would pay for his later indiscretion and smiled at his attempt to minimize his blunder .
tr	I	Satisfied with his cleansing , slowly he washed away the soap .
tr	O	A blessedly uneventful week that went off without so much as a hiccup .
tr	O	That 's when something completely unplanned happened .
tr	I	Something was in my arm and I it wanted out .
tr	I	There not was much behind it , so it was easy enough to drop .
tr	O	Lena 's mother , Lena 's uncle William , and now Lena ... Too much bad blood .
tr	O	Devon and Luther frowned as their gazes flitted between the four of them .
tr	I	She touched a part of my heart that no had woman ever touched .
tr	O	It got his hand off my mouth .
tr	I	Even the words so said rudely slid over her like the best kind of comfort .
tr	O	I gasp , then throw my arms around Damien 's neck .
tr	O	I groaned and flopped my arm over my eyes to try to keep myself pinned down .
tr	I	Just mail the enclosed acceptance card so we 'll know 're you coming .
tr	O	A warehouse was beyond it .
tr	O	But it was too late now .
tr	O	She scribbled on a pink pad of paper , then tore off the sheet and handed it to him .
tr	O	The next thing she knew , her sister was curling up close to him .
tr	O	For those of you who don 't know me , my name is Mark .
tr	O	I weakly pushed myself up to my elbows , head woozy due to the sudden relief from excruciating pain .
tr	O	My late father left you a letter .
tr	I	The hire company can send my luggage back to me or they can chuck it all the in dumpster . '
tr	O	I 'm sorry , but there 's no other possibility .
tr	I	I 'm sure he hated to see me leave New Castle , but he believed it for was the best .
tr	I	About ten feet beyond the ramp was an exit door to the stairs fire .
tr	I	Like it not or , part of her was still Wolf .
tr	O	Through the glare , he could see the outline of a roof-mounted set of blue police lights on one of the vehicles pulling into the yard .
tr	I	Since the oil crisis of 2012 , the world at had large adopted a new economy , lean on fossil fuel energy .
tr	I	Across the summit , pained cries the cut air .
tr	I	I was starving suddenly .
tr	I	Lily might not have experience , but she had confidence and she knew wanted he her .
tr	O	They are the artists , the performers , the lovers , the seekers .
tr	I	Life was short , and nothing really mattered except the you people cared about .
tr	I	Well , perhaps more the than anything was a little untrue , though not much .
tr	I	Her brother had done the same thing , and it had caught up with in him the end .
tr	O	There was no sign of the man on the street , so Gray rushed toward a gate at the next corner .
tr	I	The thought hurts and makes me immediately to hostile her .
tr	I	Sorrow , joy , eagerness ... all those of he could remember , but love had been lost to him for a long time .
tr	I	That 's all he do could .
tr	O	Then , when he preached the Lotus Sutra , the Buddha flicked the switch .
tr	I	Am I going really to Paris ?
tr	O	It didn 't work .
tr	O	He followed it with his gaze and then looked up into her eyes .
tr	I	I bet it 's scratchy under his fingertips , and if I were another person , would I want to touch it to find out .
tr	I	I watched as line the before me walked slowly through the doors .
tr	I	Julie pressed her hair behind her ears and listened to Ethan 's voice the explain necessity of the intruder 's presence .
tr	O	A new sign bolted below the No Trespassing sign said SMILE !
tr	I	Walking over , he grabs my and hand pulls me from my chair .
tr	O	I kissed the mobile handset thousand of times .
tr	I	Now , let 's remove it I so can measure you .
tr	O	There 's no way that you can understand .
tr	O	You don 't have to mean it .
tr	O	Like you wanted to murder everyone in that square .
tr	O	I smiled as I put the phone away but found I was still a long way from feeling as though all was right in the world .
tr	I	His low baritone voice flowed her into mind like fine wine , intoxicating and delicious .
tr	I	His blue eyes darkened as he if knew exactly what I was feeling , but he only led me back to the blanket that was spread out .
tr	O	There isn 't much he hasn 't done .
tr	O	She bent and peered up the chimney then pulled a small television set from a built-in shelf and checked behind it .
tr	O	It had driven me to a suicide attempt at sixteen , but it would not defeat me now .
tr	I	She fired at exposed the man , squeezing the trigger twice .
tr	O	There were dark shadows under her eyes , her cheeks looked sunken , her skin pale .
tr	I	Do I even want know to ?
tr	I	She couldn 't run because of the baby , but she walking was as quickly as she could .
tr	I	It was massive , extravagant , luxurious and in every sense of the word .
tr	O	They 'd gone so slow their first time , needing that pace to feed their discovery of each other .
tr	I	Her distress paralyzed with him some strange passion .
tr	O	An IV pole and a bunch of whirring machines stood next to her bed , measuring her blood pressure and pulse .
tr	O	Another exasperated sigh from Cecil .
tr	O	I take it with me back to my room and tack it to the wall .
tr	I	I knew he wanted me to complete mission this on my own .
tr	O	There was something about Will he wasn 't telling me .
tr	I	Then I saw her being dragged away by her guards two on the other side of the square .
tr	O	Jake just looked at her .
tr	O	Seeing his brother spot him , Adam relaxed his pace some until Step arrived , Pike 's horse trailing .
tr	I	Tears down cascaded her face .
tr	O	David Saltzman had never called them before .
tr	O	Suddenly , she fired off four crisp shots .
tr	O	They both ... are gone ?
tr	I	But they 're not human anymore ; they 're just like others the here .
tr	O	There was a new swagger in Martin 's walk ; a new purpose in his existence .
tr	I	His square tensed jaw , muscles bunching along the jawbone .
tr	I	He very felt tired .
tr	O	Heather crossed her arms over her chest .
tr	I	These were copies of the black ones worn by the intruders that had accosted Pierce in his home when of all this began .
tr	I	To be kissed on a starry balcony a at ball is not the same as being kissed on the steps of your front porch .
tr	I	That wasn 't an eventuality I was willing to play with , so was violence out for now .
tr	I	With mother his , looking as comfortable and carefree as ever , was Daniela .
tr	I	Natalie put her arm around my waist walked and me out to the porch .
tr	O	I was fully aware that not only my dress but also my shoes were slowing our pace .
tr	I	All around him could he see spheres of different shapes and sizes floating .
tr	O	I hear my name being called over and over again through the thick fog .
tr	O	The power that radiated off those guys from the freaking parking lot had me ready to pass out .
tr	I	He brushed the damp hair her from forehead .
tr	I	Suddenly my mother realized that the Anderton house was going to be impossible to move , at least for a while , and she closed eyes her .
tr	O	A parting of the bodies crowding the little dance floor gave me a glimpse of Eric , leaning against the wall behind the small stage .
tr	O	He nodded , satisfied and went down the steps .
tr	I	Abbey stood Lucy in 's way and placed her hands on her shoulders .
tr	O	There would have been death if Reuben had not intervened .
tr	I	How could she refuse such a kind , request thoughtful ?
tr	I	She didn 't want them wandering around the camp there if was some unbalanced woman with a gun holding one of her counselors hostage .
tr	O	He said something to the girl that I couldn 't hear and then broke away from her to approach me .
tr	I	But the other woman 't didn seem to notice .
tr	O	Perhaps the trees were smaller , although some of the bigger ones were surely logged off , and perhaps there was more pasture about .
tr	O	She turned away to enter her office .
tr	I	Actually , I don know 't why I did that .
tr	I	Did really she learned all that from an actress playing a part ?
tr	I	After a moment to deliberate , Xavier shook head his .
tr	I	It looked easy enough so she set to work , only to sit back an hour looking later at the mess she had made .
tr	O	Then his hand found the button of her pants .
tr	I	The idea me cheered .
tr	I	He held them up and we picked to one ourselves , standing in a circle .
tr	I	That thought reminded me of the fact that I had been not notified by the Agency in about three days .
tr	O	He laughs , putting on the jacket .
tr	I	Then again , she was extremely stubborn when it came to getting way her .
tr	O	Printer looked momentarily sheepish .
tr	O	Albert approached the store and shook his head at the massive ship .
tr	I	' Suman , we wouldn 't today return , ' Jyoti didi informed .
tr	O	She had to stay in Warsaw and that required living in her apartment .
tr	O	That one over there by the edge of my garden has been creeping in and I don 't want my garden crushed this late in the summer .
tr	I	' You are being diplomatic very .
tr	O	Their path was but a series of broken pieces of earth and fragments of living things once lush and beautiful that were now been subdued and scorched .
tr	I	Everyone jumped the when silence was broken .
tr	O	Ethan scooped Kelly 's blanket from the floor and pitched it in the other chair .
tr	I	The document is by headed a large emblem : made up of some compasses over a set square .
tr	O	The faintest calm seeped through my veins , and I slowly blew it toward the sky .
tr	O	' Sometimes there 's a particular person in the house that just stirs things up .
tr	O	This was Tempe after all .
tr	O	They were bad omens .
tr	I	Kata stabbed a toward finger the battle that continued on the far side of the glade .
tr	O	Ahead is three routes : the left leads to a plush forest , the middle to distant hills , the right to distant smoldering trees .
tr	O	I left my cabin and headed toward the kitchen .
tr	O	' You 're here now , ' Linda offered though she 'd voted against doing the gig .
tr	O	My brother and I were a curious and sad sight in the parking lot .
tr	O	How could he live without her ?
tr	I	Adda eyes 's were shut , her forehead was wrinkled up , and her mouth was wide opened with an excited shrill .
tr	O	Tell us where you have hidden our friends !
tr	I	They feel so guilty about every impure thought they have that they can 't focus on just a having good time .
tr	O	And then it was over , and I was alone in my dreams again .
tr	O	And all he needed to do was turn his back on his inconvenient obligations .
tr	I	Thick lashes dark fanned his cheeks .
tr	I	Give a her Sheraton or a Hilton every time .
tr	I	Harper didn 't know it , but he was a heaven sent opportunity for Peter to further his acquaintance with a he woman wanted .
tr	O	There was a long pause .
tr	I	Maybe not , if but Nick and Gio wanted me to stay out of this , they would have had their spat away from the office .
tr	I	Do you have any assurances that intel your about the Quad is accurate ?
tr	I	Something alien and mad flickered through the taken man 's in eyes response to Amara 's realization .
tr	O	Mines hurt , but she needed some high-dollar points .
tr	I	Again , Arnold his chuckled strange chuckle .
tr	I	His nasal voice bid her enter sit and .
tr	I	I was jealous beyond .
tr	I	Laurence shut eyes his in dismay .
tr	I	Finally , man a answered the door .
tr	I	There was the waiting triple line moving slowly in , converging at door the and splitting up again , right , left , center .
tr	I	Then I heard bones snapping and skin stretching , and even though I couldn 't smell anything , I someone knew was Shifting .
tr	I	Noah some added more flour to the mixture in the bowl .
tr	I	Now we were to getting learn the ordinary details of their lives .
tr	O	Your people have been hunted for their skin and are now nearly extinct .
tr	O	She was losing her consciousness .
tr	O	For example , today , Kevin teacher taught introductions .
tr	O	She could hardly breathe knowing he was holding her and touching her .
tr	O	Sebastian 's gearing up ; he 's speeding up his plans , his bloodlust .
tr	O	One more step and I could finally just fall and crash to my death .
tr	O	I don 't know , Seth .
tr	O	Fernando has not been cleaning up after all of the horses lately and James won 't be happy if he hears that .
tr	I	No longer will I be swayed sentiment by .
tr	O	I sighed at the thought of a giant hole in my grass but pointed to a spot in the corner .
tr	O	Do you think we 're going to try and escape down the toilet together or something ?
tr	O	They stuffed the run three times .
tr	I	Either the joke on was the poor man , or he 'd done something great for which he was being congratulated .
tr	O	He 'd pointed a finger at Mr. Baker for having a prurient interest .
tr	O	Downtown the city is overrun , a grotesque panorama .
tr	I	I will forget not this .
tr	I	Right now he to wanted turn tail and run .
tr	I	They did not stop to rest the at lake .
tr	I	Chapter 2 # 22 Make a decision that frightens you Kayden Whenever I close my eyes , I all see is Callie .
tr	I	Now it 's back training to .
tr	I	Annie slumped back and her folded arms .
tr	O	He glanced over at her and she nodded at him , actually squeezing his arm to let him know they were on the right track .
tr	O	He suited up in the restroom stall , rolled his jeans and T-shirt into a tight ball and headed back to J dock .
tr	I	The others tried to walk out but themselves found somehow walking right back in again .
tr	O	With a heavy heart , she gathered her purse and walked from the room .
tr	O	You need to keep your carbs up . '
tr	I	Perhaps it was obvious , only to her , how I much cared for him .
tr	O	But they were right there .
tr	I	He didn 't bother to question this strange reaction in anyway , because all the of events the past few hours could never be logically analyzed .
tr	O	Maybe Fred had taught them a little respect .
tr	I	She thought a for second .
tr	O	Two guards stood watch there , and there were no doubt more men inside the shack .
tr	O	Because where is the motive ?
tr	I	I think you will remain here the full term of contracts your , if you so desire .
tr	O	I gathered from his violent diatribe that he had had a visit from the sheriff .
tr	I	The room had nothing it in .
tr	O	With a pang , she realized that he was growing up fast .
tr	O	He couldn 't see that happening .
tr	O	She nodded , her face sad and solemn .
tr	I	Any thought that popped my into head , I entertained and rolled with it .
tr	O	Knowing her dad , he 'd do a full turnaround as soon as he learned about Wren 's wealth .
tr	O	Rings and chains and lockets glittered and gleamed and shone .
tr	O	He started noticing bodies all over .
tr	O	He touched her far elbow .
tr	I	LOG ENTRY : SOL Finally 484 !
tr	O	I raise an eyebrow at Cooper and give him a pointed look .
tr	I	It wasn real 't .
tr	I	He was nude magnificently .
tr	O	I am leaving tomorrow , but I will see you in Belgium for the July ball .
tr	I	No way would her parents let her anywhere go now .
tr	O	The corners of his mouth turned down in a doubtful frown .
tr	O	Even Rick , the man who had raised her as his own daughter since she was two , doubted her ability to follow through on her promise .
tr	O	Thank heavens they finally all left except for Robert .
tr	O	Charlie didn 't think Amy or hand to hand combat was funny .
tr	O	This wouldn 't do , he couldn 't allow even the smallest task to be overlooked .
tr	I	I can 't allow you to stand up me to .
tr	I	My lungs seized in surprise at sound the of Jax 's voice .
tr	I	He swung his scythe , but missed , only managing to decapitate a wheat stalk .
tr	I	One whose love ran so deep that she 't didn hold anything back .
tr	O	But Ace had more sense than both of them put together .
tr	O	A waiter approaches us carrying a tray of champagne .
tr	O	I ran my fingers down his chest and played with his chest hair .
tr	O	Because he was someone I needed to be careful around ?
tr	I	Even forewarned , however , she in drew her breath sharply when the coach rounded a bend in the drive .
tr	I	Biting into it , the taste reminds me of apple picking as child a .
tr	I	He had been woken up half an hour ago and shown footage of muddy figures standing a over grated hole .
tr	O	That sort of thing just doesn 't happen .
tr	I	But she was still a little embarrassed to be hugged , and she out wiggled of Aria 's many arms .
tr	O	' But what made you so convinced I was dead ? '
tr	O	William shrugged his broad shoulders .
tr	O	I had fully intended on following his directions to the letter of the law .
tr	O	Renn spat into the bushes .
tr	I	she silently asked herself , referring the to truth of Winston 's operation .
tr	I	He wouldn 't stand out in a crowd , I which suppose is the point .
tr	I	It might be that Historian the would not allow me to go back , he thought .
tr	O	The attorney tipped his head toward Santa .
tr	O	I thrust the microphone back into the emcee 's hands and run off the stage .
tr	I	' Course are we .
tr	O	I felt awkward with them staring at me like I was a hero .
tr	O	Then they all moved off .
tr	I	I turned around back then and gave him a shaky smile .
tr	I	His hand splayed on her back , and started he moving her against him .
tr	O	But she did know that her mother was no longer calling to her in dreams .
tr	O	The T rumbles through the underground tunnels .
tr	O	She chuckles , and it has a mocking ring to it .
tr	I	I walked around him and left , after a few steps from away them I looked back and saw Jay Bolt .
tr	O	She wheezed , trying to suck in air as she bucked and twisted , but he didn 't let up .
tr	I	And to want to touch him madness is .
tr	O	She can 't really make much out from the look on his face , either : a half smile .
tr	O	Della suggests , still holding the tray for me .
tr	O	She 'd once vowed to destroy the werewolves , to take them out ... one by one .
tr	I	I can always turn back and swim back way this if I get stuck .
tr	O	She reached up , touching his face .
tr	O	Emerson appears as I 'm being rung up , impressed by my sleek black jeans , silky yellow blouse , and grungy studded jacket .
tr	O	I mean , it was directly across from me but also next to Kira .
tr	I	You to need decide on a date as well .
tr	O	He had a theory that mankind started out as a dwarf race .
tr	O	What had he expected ?
tr	I	Saylor didn 't say much , but I kept squeezing hand her .
tr	I	She her shook head .
tr	O	They walked to the lake .
tr	I	~ Fifteen minutes later , odd the companions were sitting at a booth in a locally owned coffee shop .
tr	I	He said nothing , not a good-bye or an acknowledgment , only strode away and back across street the to where Kim waited anxiously .
tr	I	She clutched Ogg arm 's .
tr	I	My are legs dangling .
tr	O	It was a long drive , the last hour of which was spent driving on the sand itself .
tr	O	Who in our little town was ' known all over England ' , and whose removal would have such a dreadful effect upon our people ?
tr	I	With a sigh of relief , Clary glanced back over shoulder her .
tr	I	He up stands , stretches his arms up over his head .
tr	O	If Timmy was Agnes 's decorator , I 'd at least caught him tonight before he did any damage .
tr	I	Chapter Thirty One Exposed and The Raw crowd stopped at my father 's voice .
tr	O	Somehow the thought of leaving this place made her anxiety level rise sharply .
tr	I	That 's an boat inflatable , Outsider .
tr	I	Len was behind him , and looked even worse for the wear , several days growth beard of on his jaw .
tr	I	Bash was surprised at how eager he was to get away from city the and back up into the mountains .
tr	I	I my shook head .
tr	O	Then overnight the heat had shown up .
tr	O	This one is even better than the lion song .
tr	I	Jack not could hold his temper a minute more .
tr	O	Still , she seemed bitter and broken .
tr	I	He headed for the door without waiting for reply my and my body responded against my will .
tr	I	She fiddled with the flue until the fire drew well , and sat to next Ned to catch her breath .
tr	O	The Brown wasn 't very subtle .
tr	I	If she to went the stream , would Lucas think she 'd come because she was jealous ?
tr	I	He growled in frustration as he tilted her face to his kissed and her lips .
tr	O	Round six or seven hit in the thug 's left shoulder .
tr	O	Where was her anger coming from ?
tr	I	They stood their with arms around each other , only partly for warmth .
tr	I	And had he only touched her with his mind .
tr	I	I asked , steeling myself for worst the .
tr	I	To anchor a to rope both sides ; then , suspending the bundle from it , pull Remington along the line , over the drop .
tr	O	John nodded toward the cabin .
tr	O	She 'd put a covered swing in the corner , maybe a gazebo near the gardens .
tr	I	She shook her slowly head .
tr	I	She hadn 't noticed it set was on silent .
tr	O	Of course , being in a coma was even worse , in many ways .
tr	I	I didn 't complain about going school to , because I knew that I needed to learn .
tr	I	Gazing up the street at rumbling a , battered Volkswagen Beetle , North sighed .
tr	O	Mark came forward to hand him the mop he so obviously hated .
tr	I	The Peer certainly hadn 't been expecting Josh Hammond to begin a hunt witch for his blackmailer .
tr	I	I know hard how it is to face the past , but I 've done it and you want to .
tr	O	All because she chose me .
tr	I	Especially when I told I her did it because I wanted a family .
tr	I	He looked back the at monitor .
tr	I	Ashe was sitting in his spot favorite on his bed ; his back pressed to the headboard ; short , white socks on his feet .
tr	I	Charles hadn 't told her any this of .
tr	O	Things could always be worse .
tr	O	His voice had a hint of sarcasm .
tr	O	His features blurred completely .
tr	O	Kimbra smiled and looked relieved .
tr	I	Grace was oblivious to my doubts misread and my silence for fascination .
tr	O	His face was so close to mine .
tr	O	she lowered them and scanned them about the room , her eyes were a glow with the truth she held .
tr	I	There was chalk a mark on the front right tire .
tr	I	She back relaxed , but watched him warily .
tr	O	But our departure destroyed all forward landing gear and docking valves .
tr	O	She angled her head and watched him pull a pistol from his bag .
tr	I	I got there about fifteen minutes later , hooked wheels the to the curb , and got out .
tr	I	The fact that she doesn 't want reveal to to her family that I 'm Theo 's father gives me a lever into her life .
tr	O	A black cat jumped up beside her and joined in the staring .
tr	O	Roman wondered what was up , to bring both his brothers to her apartment .
tr	O	Usually by now he was doing a lot of touching , loving watching the woman squirm .
tr	I	Breaking him down and rebuilding from the ground up is the only way to go , but he doesn 't why understand at all .
tr	O	He reached across the table and took my hand .
tr	O	As if she could forget about that .
tr	I	he asked , the suspense driving mad him .
tr	I	Now I feel a like fool for mentioning it .
tr	I	I picked up a few paper and plates handed them to my friends .
tr	I	Ty saw lips his twitch in amusement .
tr	O	Even my mother ... A flash of painful memory flew across her mind at that , and I winced in shared pain .
tr	O	She 'd lied to the king about the men she 'd killed in the warehouse to rescue him .
tr	I	Seating was and limited there was barely room for all of them inside the tiny space .
tr	O	Zach wouldn 't have such clear eyes if he knew .
tr	I	Can you turn back into a now cat ?
tr	O	At least , he thought she 'd said his name .
tr	O	Why not include the whole Catholic population of San Francisco since we made our interest in her so clear at the dance ?
tr	O	He pulled back , but they still couldn 't see each other in the darkness .
tr	O	I yanked my hand away , and he gave me an impish grin .
tr	O	Delilah followed Logan and Boone up the stairs and down the hall .
tr	O	Or she could be dead .
tr	O	And at least she calls me once every month .
tr	I	Take hold yourself of .
tr	I	No need to draw any more attention to herself they than were already getting .
tr	I	I yelled and I immediately regretted it .
tr	O	Adams entered and wagged his finger at his friend .
tr	I	Vee 's breathing my filled ear .
tr	I	he said , as he marched , with struggling her , down the street away from them .
tr	I	Nick decided their bizarre was discussion at an end .
tr	O	Michael slapped the boy in question on the back .
tr	O	Snap here , and the floodgates would open .
tr	O	Sam shook his head .
tr	O	She smiled in a way that was attractive but not stunningly so .
tr	I	Aunt Harriet been had right , of course .
tr	I	Even jeans and tops tank pissed him off because they weren 't easy access .
tr	I	The sashes got longer and rapidly swerved following the wind .
tr	I	Rhona began to turn away again , but caught Keita her forearm .
tr	O	She tilted her head to study his handsome face .
tr	O	I was crowding him , challenging those glowing eyes of his .
tr	O	That didn 't reassure her in the least .
tr	I	Such small creatures he ; thought .
tr	I	I didn 't mean kiss to him back , but my eyes fluttered closed and I did .
tr	I	She appeared somehow relieved , and even dared him wickedly with eyes her .
tr	O	Alex was blissfully unaware of his tension , though , and kept up a steady stream of comments as they walked toward the bank of elevators .
tr	I	Being back here didn 't sit well with me for a multitude reasons of .
tr	I	I 'd been so distraught by the assault on Julia my that emotions were completely off-kilter .
tr	O	Moore would testify that she planned to kill him , assuming he were still alive when the police got there .
tr	O	There were things he would rather be doing after experiencing the death of his wife earlier .
tr	O	He clenched his jaw and touched her arm again .
tr	I	Well , hadn I 't expected much different .
tr	I	The dragon roared angrily the from injury , and spread its wings , lashing at us .
tr	I	I turned the daguerreotype over and stared at the picture under glass the .
tr	I	She inside reached and carefully pulled the green bottle out .
tr	O	I compare the phenomena to a scenario where on meeting a stranger , a sense of eternal hatred emerges from whence hate came .
tr	I	The process was simple fast and .
tr	O	Meredith sits on the other side of Gabe , in deep conversation with Mrs. Green , the town councilor .
tr	I	No reason to worried be .
tr	I	Marcus had been determined get to Sadie 's attention , but he couldn 't compete with Jax .
tr	I	I feel because miserable I am just a cog in this wheel that 's just spinning in thin air .
tr	I	Just as we rounded the corner at the end of the alley , blue lights illuminated brick the walls .
tr	I	He stood between the one burning bright and the white ball , object or that frequently disobeys .
tr	I	His expression guarded slipped away .
tr	O	Alex approached the utility room which brought him closer to Amber .
tr	O	He sat there , breathing heavily , thinking about Catherine leaning over the croquet rack , about her halter slipping .
tr	O	Kevin smiled and rolled his eyes .
tr	O	I missed the bus and had to wait for the next one .
tr	I	Instead , he headed off to track down Izzy and do what he thought 'd he done five years ago .
tr	I	If that was his type , was what Laura ?
tr	O	He 'd never get over his dyslexia .
tr	I	But on some subjects , there is agreement unanimous .
tr	O	The girl bled red and the boy bled blue , so that between the two a purple was blended .
tr	O	That was what made all the difference in the world .
tr	O	I know you want me to say otherwise , but I can only tell you what is in my heart .
tr	O	Alanna was playing with him .
tr	O	I used the last to dab at his arms and legs .
tr	O	But he didn 't stop trying to soothe me .
tr	O	Catching the chunk of flaky pastry , he glanced back at me .
tr	O	It felt like shaking hands with the Pillsbury Dough Boy .
tr	O	Her eyes flashed to his .
tr	I	Above him the sleeping dragon lay , dire a menace even in his sleep .
tr	O	I was still on salary ; my commissions didn 't add up to my draw and probably never would .
tr	O	She held back a sigh .
tr	I	I 't didn want to be talked out of this .
tr	O	He inspected the engine and shook his head .
tr	O	She finished positioning his body into the driver 's seat to make it appear as if he had simply stopped to take in the lake view .
tr	O	Logan let out a bitter laugh .
tr	I	They 'll find you out didn 't go to Darken , and they 'll figure out you went running .
tr	O	In the additional two hours that her husband slept , Mary rehearsed all the scenarios thought of in response to one simple question of truth .
tr	O	She assured me that Lance would drive her home after they had gone to lunch to celebrate .
tr	O	Her start of surprise nearly knocked her to the ground .
tr	O	The beast had to use some method to hunt , to understand its surroundings .
tr	I	I was for waiting you .
tr	O	Emma stepped in front of the blatant hussy and interrupted her view of Jason .
tr	O	I 'd just gotten him back ; I wasn 't ready to put a damper on the joy that still came with that reunion .
tr	I	I caught glimpses of other bodies on the ground , in covered dead vegetation .
tr	I	Jared to crossed the man and edged behind the chair .
tr	O	Alec 's voice was grim .
tr	I	He was at staring her , and she wondered what he was thinking .
tr	I	Maybe getting answers to those questions would help her rule out the possibility of being but anything human .
tr	O	But then they 'd be stuck going everywhere together until he drove her home .
tr	I	The rattle of the ceased Zinn .
tr	O	She wanted her mom , her dad , too .
tr	I	She knew Stephanie had stay to nourished .
tr	O	I looked up from tearing the closest coaster apart to find Kennan looking down at me .
tr	O	Amber 's mouth watered at the sight .
tr	I	As a teenager , we were always each watching other .
tr	I	He shook his head , to trying push those thoughts away .
tr	I	When we applied for license the , we were told we 'd each need to bring a witness .
tr	I	I want to believe I am though , that I 'm not the weak girl used I to be .
tr	I	She reached into her purse and out pulled her cell phone .
tr	I	What are doing we ?
tr	I	Does he mean what I he think means ?
tr	O	In the flames he smiled , so handsome , so ruthless .
tr	O	God , don 't let her dig too deep .
tr	O	The cop recognized Max and gushed over his movies .
tr	O	He switched off and frowned at the screen .
tr	I	Let me see , here is it .
tr	I	His pair horses of began forward .
tr	O	It 's strangely intimate with just the two of us alone in the tent .
tr	I	I in asked disbelief .
tr	I	Was he hoping she would for ask more than kisses ?
tr	I	She suspected that James was to used chic women .
tr	I	I require you to like be you are .
tr	O	Cory pressed his hand to his stomach .
tr	O	They drove on in silence until they arrived outside Pearl 's home .
tr	I	We stepped back looked and at each other .
tr	O	She glanced under the heavy wood table .
tr	O	With lightning fast reflexes he gripped the knife , stopping it in mid-air .
tr	I	The passage grew and narrow dim .
tr	O	He remembered a struggle in which he 'd reached down with desperation , unable to pull the blade completely from its holster fitting .
tr	I	Phoebe 's face showed every bit her of doubt .
tr	I	The words hit Kelly like a slap and she struggled air for .
tr	O	I sighed with relief , but I still felt super nervous .
tr	O	It 's my lot .
tr	O	Sandra did as requested and Joni paid attention to her hands .
tr	I	With the insurance money , Matt and Margaret had purchased replacement a car .
tr	I	Already with proficient a sword , he was greatly improving with most of the other weapons .
tr	I	Our faces are only now inches apart and I can feel his warm breath against my lips .
tr	I	And so , to begin , we are here today to a conduct deposition .
tr	O	Always , there was that blade winking at Heart of the People 's hip .
tr	I	But ... he did love her ?
tr	O	I just stared at him .
tr	O	Their eyes are on me , and I do my best imitation of a runway model as I make my way over to them .
tr	I	Chapter 9 Mike awoke clutching leg his , but noticed that the pain was slowly subsiding .
tr	I	It 's not like back when Daisy and I use to say it to other each .
tr	I	Funny , because I plan on telling them exactly you how rammed that tire iron into Gabe 's back .
tr	I	Elderly people believe that relatives their have been replaced by malicious , conspiring doubles .
tr	I	Mary Ellen set her fork on the linen tablecloth and over looked her plate at William .
tr	O	Wyatt had told her ... he 'd said his blood was poison to the primal vampires .
tr	O	When I opened my eyes , I found Raj lying on a sofa in deep slumber in the bedroom where I was sleeping .
tr	O	He hit the metal post on which it stood .
tr	I	It 's unlikely you be will leaving any time soon .
tr	I	Setting aside his model boat , he a opened weathered bin on the deck and retrieved a compound bow .
tr	I	There she sat , chin upon fists , looking at image the as though she expected it to start conversing with her .
tr	O	The episode in the playroom played over in his mind .
tr	O	A fist slammed into Lord 's stomach .
tr	O	The eerie silence was shattered by a terrific roar , and my heart jumped .
tr	O	Asking questions was what always got me in trouble .
tr	I	She and I caught up on the local news while Bur fetched us a couple more glasses of Shiraz in between clearing table the .
tr	I	Let her meet his mate who can no communicate longer with him .
tr	O	Chapter Eight The days passed quickly , and the press were still trying to find out facts of what was happening .
tr	I	The maid the put tray on the table and departed .
tr	I	The three humans were power and grace personified , trained elegance and precision of finest the martial arts disciplines pitted against brute strength and inhuman speed .
tr	I	And included that moving on .
tr	I	My existence is a signal that we need to leave city this and offer our help to whoever is outside it .
tr	O	I squealed as droplets from his wet hair splattered against me .
tr	I	And I backed straight through a stucco wall , to myself find surrounded by mops and brooms and buckets and cleaning agents .
tr	O	Once inside , she locked the door and walked over to the sink .
tr	I	Alex 's head away snaps from the road .
tr	O	He stared at her face , her eyes , her hair .
tr	I	It only took one look to know that my wife had been missing immensely him .
tr	I	Everyone stared at him as he if was mental .
tr	O	Seth shouted as he struggled to his feet .
tr	I	Okay , so didn he 't intend to see her again .
tr	O	My father jumped from the couch , a look of concern etching his features as he crossed the small space and went to the door .
tr	I	It 's a bit difficult when trouble suddenly seemed to find me at turn every .
tr	I	Why he should worry , about what ?
tr	I	Her entire vibrated body with sexual tension .
tr	I	She certainly didn 't need her niece dragging eligible into bachelors the pizza kitchen every chance she got .
tr	O	I picked her up , and carried her to the box , placing her inside so she 'd know where it was .
tr	I	He shook head his .
tr	O	The ink on the diary page must have just dried as he landed in Zurich to see me .
tr	O	I want a ring formed around this area .
tr	I	She managed chuckle a for that .
tr	O	Mary Jo had watched the movie with her brothers on DVD .
tr	I	I lifted my fingers look to at it .
tr	O	He approached the peephole cautiously , keeping one eye on Marty .
tr	I	That 's behind Finnigan you .
tr	O	E 5 : ( stands and faces audience ) Seventeen notifications ?
tr	I	The inside have could been any other station in the city .
tr	O	A dazzle of inspiration .
tr	O	This time , I catch him looking .
tr	I	When got they to the park , there was a weird wooden structure .
tr	I	Cate Angelina gathered close , too .
tr	O	I asked , pointing to a circle .
tr	I	he whispered in a to panic his captain .
tr	I	asked Sarah through a of mouthful their evening meal -- plain black bread , beef jerky , and water from their flasks .
tr	I	Even the have twins little crushes on him .
tr	I	He had learned the hard way , on more than one occasion , what could happen you if opened a pop bottle too hastily .
tr	O	All the children sat in rapt attention .
tr	O	For some reason he felt the need to defend himself .
tr	I	Mike 's face gone had white .
tr	O	He stared into the fire , offering her his profile , the cheek without the scar .
tr	O	It was a plain gold wedding ring .
tr	I	The camera pulls back Keating from to reveal Laura still standing there by his side .
tr	O	He hustled in , tossed his briefcase on the table for plaintiff 's counsel , and headed straight for her .
tr	I	I 'm starting to regret coming here , since she seems unhappy to see me and is completely of out it .
tr	O	He said thrusting the bag in my direction .
tr	O	The crowds were getting wild and mad .
tr	I	The yellow streaks began form to words .
tr	I	If we don 't get the records , we 'll chasing be too .
tr	O	These bloggers that are listed below , all have something to do with the literary world .
tr	I	I straightened my shoulders and marched up the to stairs Cohen 's third-floor apartment .
tr	O	With a mighty heave , he thrust the cracked rear legs into the flower bed and supported the padded damask back against the manse wall .
tr	I	His eyes were locked on hers , as they had been in the darkened corner the of breakfast room .
tr	O	Lamps and lanterns winked on .
tr	I	Hey , it when came it came , he had no control over the calendar .
tr	I	It very was late .
tr	O	You made your deal yesterday .
tr	I	It seemed like Micah had more enough than weapons to spare .
tr	I	But Brent listened judgment without .
tr	I	It was more than she could for say some people .
tr	O	He 'd have preferred to be in the thick of the party watching Catherine .
tr	I	He taught me ah lot about men and since passed he on , I 've been ah little more benevolent .
tr	I	My father forward leaned slightly , resting his forearms on his thighs .
tr	I	The group celebrated the acquisition of a casino located in de Rio Janeiro .
tr	I	And , seeing that Ogg didn 't jump in immediately to correct her , she took great satisfaction in supposing she was more less or right .
tr	I	There 's more on going than I 'm aware of , a lot more .
tr	I	She glanced at back the door .
tr	O	There 's something profoundly gentle about this hard man .
tr	O	I turned back to her .
tr	I	Both of you could survive , one of you could survive neither or of you will survive .
tr	I	Pausing his craving for a moment , he kissed one corner of mouth her .
tr	O	It was the time to close his eyes ; it was the time to sleep .
tr	O	He thinks he might be the phantom .
tr	O	Ask me anything about pins , sir .
tr	I	The was dragon ill , and they took the chief Beast Tongues into custody ?
tr	I	She wiggled her fingers back him at .
tr	O	He looked around at the small assembled group , letting his eyes stop on Mike .
tr	O	Doctor Dresden 's alarmed voice demands in her ear .
tr	I	I his touched face .
tr	O	No one there would give me a straight answer on whether it was my future or just a place the warlock stuck me .
tr	O	The misty face before me took form , two eyes burning red .
tr	I	Eventually we went back to her house and got ready bed for .
tr	O	The man ambled closer .
tr	O	I pulled the white handle and the alarm screamed .
tr	I	Her own need for one was even pressing more than Beth 's , really .
tr	O	Why else had the Dark Shadowhunters who had attacked the Los Angeles Institute taken Mark Blackthorn ?
tr	O	My smile widened at the idea of it : eating takeout , watching television , and laughing like schoolgirls until we couldn 't breathe .
tr	I	How women many had she dismissed because they lacked visible power ?
tr	O	It felt soft , and luxurious , like any other feather except for its size and the magnificent highlights which lay hidden beneath his dark plumage .
tr	O	What would he do now ?
tr	I	And wolf your , in its true form , is supposed to be able to spot her from a great distance .
tr	I	I was in Gibson Josie 's bedroom .
tr	O	His mother had her mornings planned down to the minute .
tr	O	Jack then moved to the forefront and picked up the microphone that miraculously appeared in the middle of the curator 's office .
tr	O	' All that would be required of you is to be beautiful and charming , which is what you are anyway .
tr	O	I heard Marc chuckle as he descended the staircase .
tr	I	General Hugo took the and note handed it to King Ignis .
tr	I	They 're real not .
tr	I	She poured into sugar her request .
tr	I	I sucked a in breath .
tr	I	Even though he was a and doctor everything he learned was kept strictly confidential , it still bothered Brian a great deal .
tr	O	As I made my way along the corridor early that morning to unlock her door , I considered breaking my promise to Aiden .
tr	I	He began to walk sideways , his sword held at the ready , waiting for the moment perfect to strike .
tr	I	He searched her eyes a moment and then must have her understood incoherent plea .
tr	I	I could hear my heart pounding , everything in me willing him say to something , anything , that would make this okay .
tr	I	Mrs. Hill absentmindedly unwrapped the plastic from a butterscotch and candy popped it into her mouth .
tr	O	Twice , Andrea began to speak , and twice cut herself off .
tr	I	Her voice was high pitched as she though were nervous .
tr	O	' Now the riots have finished . '
tr	I	I feel him lean in and his lips brush just above the spot sore , right between my shoulder blades .
tr	I	Either way would horrid be .
tr	I	Everyone followed them from the church to the Fellowship Hall , where the were tables set up .
tr	I	She 't couldn put that on the line .
tr	O	' If she was the one there that night and you can identify her , then you 'll tell me .
tr	I	It was late winter it and was one of those days , repeated often enough , that would go on to destroy an entire state .
tr	O	Like he 'd already lost the battle and condemned himself .
tr	I	She needed crash to .
tr	O	She entered through a door on the right and we followed behind .
tr	I	Grace said , trying to keep the sarcasm of out her voice .
tr	O	Alba 's quiet for a long time .
tr	O	As Huguenot families started moving south last year , some families broke up .
tr	I	Fred decided his sentences be could just as short as hers .
tr	I	The woman was an even better friend than Kelly had her given credit for being .
tr	I	Both Austin I and ignored him .
tr	I	Last week she asked me persuade to you to release her .
tr	I	Time may have taught patience him with less agile minds , but it could hardly teach him how to escape boredom in their presence .
tr	I	Hold breath your , I tell myself .
tr	O	Louisa blinked in surprise .
tr	O	Wondering what meal lay in wait , and what type of bartering was to be had .
tr	O	' I think I can oblige you , softie ! '
tr	I	He back pushed his desires .
tr	O	Madame and Lotte entered ; Maine strolled in .
tr	O	You kept telling me you weren 't ready , but I heard only what I wanted to hear .
tr	I	That was my story , but I have no intention of typing THE END , because I longer no believe in such a thing .
tr	I	It was going be to hot up in the attic , but it would certainly be much hotter by the afternoon .
tr	I	' I know it hard 's !
tr	O	Henry put some of the tiramisu on a fork and brought it to my lips .
tr	I	Above the silhouettes slim of the nearby pines , bright stars pierce the silent sky .
tr	I	Talon easily deflected the poorly executed swing of the man 's blade and kicked him hard again , this time in the chest .
tr	O	I yelled at him .
tr	I	In a of rush agitation , she lifted his head up .
tr	I	And it 's hers all .
tr	O	The evil plant 's desperate groping became even more desperate and now it was writhing in agony .
tr	O	They looked at each other for a split second and then walked to the kitchen without delay .
tr	O	The meteor would go through the Earth 's crust and send ocean waves around the planet 's shores , destroying life well inland .
tr	O	He had never shown any odd sexual desire for her or anyone else that she could ever remember .
tr	O	His mind was roiling now that they 'd pulled off the rescue .
tr	I	He was danged if he was going to let go this on .
tr	I	Sam waited a for few minutes , but he knew that the deputies would probably find someone to watch her on the train .
tr	O	In a flash of movement that didn 't register on me , Stephanie 's hand shot out and caught the glass before it fell to the carpet .
tr	O	Not Johnny though , he 's such a good little brother , he just woke up and joined right in laughing with us .
tr	O	Maybe that 's because it 's a foreign country .
tr	I	The rest will be sent as soon as I the telegraph order through .
tr	O	Ice quickly burns a person out , most end up as mindless creatures , wondering aimlessly in the power station 's dark underworld , seeking warmth .
tr	I	She could see his yellowed frightening , bloodshot eyes staring into her soul .
tr	O	Then , I hustled them to the side .
tr	I	She couldn 't seem to dim the lazy grin that surfaced she once 'd unleashed the worst of her pique .
tr	I	' Whatever you gave that idea ? '
tr	I	Crying right would now not help , either .
tr	I	Why not her smite down themselves , though ?
tr	I	His cane struck a muffled tempo on Persian the carpet .
tr	O	The words stabbed at Maggie 's heart .
tr	O	Thank you for respecting the hard work of these authors .
tr	I	But it was far too to late worry about that now .
tr	O	The one who had held his smiles .
tr	I	Then , Six to came find me in Spain and showed me .
tr	O	He led Julian down the hallway toward Mikaela 's room .
tr	O	Kiara stared at Jake .
tr	O	Shadows fell toward the floor and his eyes scanned the lines of the wood .
tr	I	What is next your objection ?
tr	I	It was the glance of a man who also didn 't another want night in a frigid bedroom and had suddenly worked out where the levers were .
tr	O	He rolled his eyes and let them settle on Camille , his expression softening .
tr	I	You won have 't to worry about rebuilding an identity or finding work .
tr	O	Then she stabbed him one last time .
tr	O	Phil introduced himself to the new Cadets .
tr	O	Maybe they could see each other again .
tr	O	His eyes were closed .
tr	I	Someone had it taken out again .
tr	I	She lifted the pup down from her shoulder to look into the eyes that had appealed to in Max the pet shop , asking to be loved .
tr	I	That evening Steve saw Brother George with Brother Leo and Thomas walking quickly on the path small to the monastery .
tr	I	Oh , I guess was that just me .
tr	O	By this time he was more curious than peeved .
tr	I	She tried to spit , but her mouth was dry too .
tr	O	She was giving me permission to use my magic .
tr	I	But he felt her shadow fall across his face and opened his eyes to her find staring at him .
tr	O	She placed the pieces together but a few parts were lost .
tr	O	Could Butch be telling the truth ?
tr	I	Shiv cannot resist smile a .
tr	O	It was one of the things we had discussed , late into the night as the chains bit into my wrist .
tr	O	Staring , he saw the ground eagerly soak it up and distantly thought that it was really rather a shame .
tr	O	Anakin 's hand went to his lightsaber .
tr	O	But she soon awoke and sensing someone near her she opened her eyes and saw a small fragile old woman leaning over her and stroking her head .
tr	I	She looked up at with Gracey narrowed eyes , suspecting that this may be a prank of some sort .
tr	O	Link could almost swear Boo sitting there , waiting .
tr	O	Finally my eyes start working again and I open them .
tr	I	I can feel warm his chest pressed against my back and the strength of his arms around me .
tr	O	Now that I have returned I plan to repair all the damage that has been done . '
tr	I	He 'd been to trying reach her every hour since he 'd gotten the message from Maia about Luke .
tr	O	Severance finally deigned to glance at Racer .
tr	I	' I over stopped at Lantern Hill not so long ago .
tr	O	Maybe not ever , after this .
tr	I	How did not she know this about him ?
tr	O	She wouldn 't black out .
tr	O	I pulled it out of his reach .
tr	O	It had been warm in the church and seemed even warmer outside .
tr	I	Her skin soft was .
tr	O	Even my father doesn 't know .
tr	O	People who go to our hotels expect excellence .
tr	O	Oddly enough , even mental y referring him as Soldier Dude didn 't feel right .
tr	O	Not with a wound as severe as his .
tr	O	And I started pouring my guts out .
tr	O	The car hadn 't been stolen , nor had any part of it been destroyed .
tr	I	Eddie nodded , running his back fingers through his hair .
tr	I	It seemed Laurence like was mistaken .
tr	I	Elaine had no idea what she doing was when she revealed Paris 's complicity in Julia 's death .
tr	I	I couldn 't straight think .
tr	I	I wish she didn 't so care much about everyone .
tr	O	Like he had discovered something that was new , but that already fit him perfectly .
tr	I	And he was also the reason I was here in first the place .
tr	I	They brushed past us without a word , and with digital display in-hand , the person I assumed was the head quickly Inspector got to work .
tr	O	A painful lump lodged in my throat .
tr	O	I wanted to ask what had changed .
tr	O	Wasn 't a rotted corpse .
tr	O	He could shuttle ballast as long as his power supply lasted , but if he had to maneuver by battery he wouldn 't last long .
tr	O	He licked his finger and gingerly touched the top of the staff .
tr	I	She was sure the walls would hold , but the idea of being trapped in her own home , surrounded by rotting corpses made skin her crawl .
tr	O	Chloe asked , cocking her covered head a little .
tr	I	I immediately veered that in direction .
tr	I	This to has stop !
tr	O	People talk about going back to their families , about missing loved ones .
tr	O	Together they writhed as the men , surprised by this aspect of the ritual , renewed their chants .
tr	O	They won 't be expecting anything this bold .
tr	I	She 't wasn going to hide her real self behind dyes unless it was necessary for an undercover operation .
tr	I	He wrapped his around arms her and looked down into her eyes .
tr	O	She had to learn the behaviour of her opponent .
tr	O	Gollum began at once to count them .
tr	I	Together they cleaned and bound many her wounds .
tr	I	Between the kiss and the revelations , she 'd allowed herself to become vulnerable and physically emotionally during a time when she needed her strength the most .
tr	O	The woman disappeared into a small room behind it and returned with meat on a paper .
tr	O	You see , that 's what was happening .
tr	O	You and I will keep our hands off each other .
tr	I	But the little house in Twin Oaks with the sweetest old lady in and Texas a cat named Freckles would always be home .
tr	O	Prue loved his attention , and the knowledge he still watched her sent a thrill up her spine .
tr	I	We can together be , with no worries or fears .
tr	O	They were sitting in the sack at her feet , held in reserve to ensure an accurate reading .
tr	I	Rena was long gone by the time Nick returned to the fully bar clothed .
tr	O	I hoped he felt the same .
tr	O	The air held the stink of the city , not the clean smell of open water , so I assumed the Thames , still in London .
tr	I	He recalled that with morning self-satisfied pride .
tr	O	We 've all been out there .
tr	I	So in a way we were indeed lucky .
tr	I	She patted his arm gently , not how knowing to respond .
tr	O	I 'd fabricated a problem within myself .
tr	O	The wretched look on his face left an empty , painful feeling in her chest .
tr	I	His turned eyes soft .
tr	I	I can go 't to jail .
tr	O	I bit my lip and shook my head .
tr	O	She walked a few more feet and stopped next to a tree with a large hole beside the base .
tr	O	It rested on top of the ground instead of being built into it .
tr	I	I was starting to smell the ; blood I breathed deeply through my mouth and tried to concentrate on something else .
tr	I	' He about knows us .
tr	I	Some I 've found , and those files are included for you read to .
tr	O	And thank you , readers , whoever you might be for taking a chance on me .
tr	O	And once you 've summoned the Angel , you can demand of him one thing .
tr	I	We 've got factories all England over .
tr	O	Papers and maps have been pinned to the wall , next to which is a framed photograph of a baby in a cradle .
tr	O	Before I knew it I was pinned against the hallway wall and somebody 's mouth was fastened to mine .
tr	O	He bares his teeth in what he fondly believes is a smile and then he rolls back over to his station .
tr	O	Ryker clicked his cheek as he pulled off one glove .
tr	I	The Underworld was darkest the place I knew .
tr	O	What if someone else knows about this place ?
tr	I	And you welcome are anytime .
tr	O	It was an instant red flag and he quickly dropped to the ground as the gunshot rang out and slammed through the kitchen window .
tr	O	There is a tap on his shoulder .
tr	I	She offered surmise no .
tr	I	He ran his gently fingers against my cheek .
tr	I	He didn tell 't her , but he hoped like hell he was , too .
tr	I	He may be April 's older brother , but he should know it 's late too to worry much about her virtue .
tr	O	Dad , you can 't believe how much fun it is !
tr	I	I found them boarding a train on last the platform .
tr	I	The policeman 's name was Bill , and Bill stopped often by to , as Robby saw it , make robotic life more difficult .
tr	I	I can 't it help .
tr	O	' Or better still , ' he added , directing his comments to his brother , ' I 'll impale him with his own walking stick . '
tr	I	When finished he , Gary turned to Annie .
tr	I	My pulse is racing so fast feel I light-headed and woozy , like I might pass out .
tr	I	But he was human only .
tr	O	Time was not to be wasted , even when I didn 't work , for my responsibilities didn 't end there .
tr	O	Ronan looked over his shoulder at him .
tr	I	Though a cars few lined the roadsides , they were all in parking spaces .
tr	O	A knock sounded on my door .
tr	I	And with the way Lady Hutchinson was often talking about her , it would probably the be last .
tr	O	Unfortunately , it was becoming more obvious with each passing day that no one would be coming for any of them .
tr	O	* * * * * Adam tossed and turned .
tr	O	It involved a tactic she 'd seen the senator use on occasion to scare information out of political opponents .
tr	I	We were on the brink of a deadly and conflict dangerous .
tr	I	And he cared so much about that Holiday Kylie could almost feel it .
tr	I	The thought had tortured since him yesterday .
tr	I	JD kept promising repay to him , but Nick shrugged it off in the way only Nick could .
tr	I	Without warning , something jerked my leg backward , and I crashed face first the onto floor .
tr	O	But no one wants to , dares to , can be bothered to .
tr	O	Many of the world rulers wanted to be perceived as important and being called by a member of Rashid 's family would give them that impression .
tr	I	Mom pursed her lips and I could see her color change from the red it been had to a lighter pink .
tr	I	I 'm just reading the name off sign the .
tr	I	Things different were now .
tr	O	The second he lets go my hand , I feel like I 've lost something .
tr	I	She stood and stared at the boy strange .
tr	I	Very kindhearted , always trying do to what is right .
tr	O	Right now , we need to be getting on with it .
tr	O	I guess , when we were alone he didn 't have to put up a pretense .
tr	O	Man , was she feeling weak from more than the lingering effects of a bump on the head .
tr	I	It happened all the time , especially to old of ladies twenty-one .
tr	I	The hospital 's not the without same you .
tr	O	The last person to wield the hand of flesh had been my father .
tr	O	Mr. Hodge landed on the shoulder of the Red Fist policeman holding the gun on Jacob , and bit him on the neck .
tr	O	With her , you always knew where you stood .
tr	O	I looked around the crowd at the gravesite .
tr	I	Alex for spoke the first time ' If we got out would you be coming with us ? '
tr	O	Did everyone know but her ?
tr	O	They were still discussing what might have gone wrong when Giselle was rocked by a neutron explosion close by .
tr	O	I asked about his daughter .
tr	O	I couldn 't talk .
tr	I	Tosh 's phone rang so many times Lacy thought it was to going go to voicemail , but at last he picked up .
tr	O	She bolted out the door , disturbing some chickens scratching at the dirt .
tr	O	I crane my neck upward to catch it and watch it descend with the gentle grace of a feather .
tr	I	The only he time had felt better was when he had been with Chloe .
tr	I	It will take some to time adjust .
tr	O	It had been in operation for less than three weeks , but it seemed that it might have been a good investment after all .
tr	O	The zombie slammed into the vehicle 's door , driving Melody back against the door frame .
tr	I	Your father 's heart was in right the place .
tr	O	You look just like you did the day you interviewed me .
tr	I	Because while Dr. Cary may be the focus of her other male client 's wank fantasies , she definitely wasn mine 't .
tr	I	They threw their hats into air the .
tr	O	When she nodded her head , the tears spilled from his warm loving eyes and he turned back to the wheel .
tr	I	Then there the was time I spent with the real estate agent and cleaning Mom 's house before we listed it .
tr	O	They came upon a dark figure busily chopping a tree , Clarence lit a match and knelt down to put it to a lamp he was carrying .
tr	I	And they were fastened on me , filled with an expression I 't couldn quite read .
tr	O	Nobody talks to the coach that way , except for Skyla apparently .
tr	I	Boy was 412 shocked .
tr	I	The shrill , yet distant sound of Louisa voice 's , soon caught their attention , and Frances instinctively pulled away .
tr	O	Alanna sat down , slanting him a demure glance .
tr	I	Summer suspected he was preparing a list questions of .
tr	O	He 'd planted his hands on the table , fingers spread wide to anchor the pages .
tr	O	Then a bottle fell from his hands and broke at his feet .
tr	O	A small revitalization occurred during the Housing Bubble of 2007 , but after 2008 , the Westside continued declining and worsening .
tr	O	He quickly disrobed them both and laid her back on the bed .
tr	O	All he wanted was his inheritance , so he could continue living apart from his family .
tr	I	I hoped for his sake that this would really be painless and quick .
tr	I	Ainsley chest 's hurt .
tr	I	Curse to deserved have his woman back , and if Pussy could help , he 'd be more than happy about it .
tr	O	But he was gone .
tr	O	Max felt a little guilty at how happy Luke always sounded to hear from him .
tr	O	Would NOW , the National Organization for Women , see this as a woman 's right issue , considering the assault on Jennifer Ebrahim ?
tr	I	So , no , he didn 't need the to blogger remind him of what he 'd said about her before he 'd passed out .
tr	I	If Rush were just some guy I broken had up with it would be .
tr	I	A searing , scorching sensation fills her lungs as cannot she breathe .
tr	I	There is no tingling similar sensation to the one I felt on my back .
tr	O	You 're my friend and mentor .
tr	O	Not waiting for an answer , Summer turned and sauntered into the ballroom .
tr	O	My sympathy is quickly drowned out by the urge to tear this entire place down .
tr	O	I wouldn 't want to be the one who was betraying him now .
tr	I	This guy was freak a .
tr	O	He must be allergic , poor bastard . ' '
tr	O	Even her dad who still sometimes treats me like I 'm scum on the bottom of his shoe .
tr	I	He was still merged with wholly the baby .
tr	I	Wasn 't something there in the Bible about hospitality and strangers ?
tr	O	One of the men sitting across the table from him leaned forward .
tr	I	The aircraft hovered over our campsite again and the whirring noise awoken had me .
tr	I	John continued ' I Firstly must ask this , do you all agree to accept my leadership ? '
tr	O	His first stop was the tavern , where he eased his thirst .
tr	I	Why don 't you go be happy the on other side of the house ?
tr	I	The wizard remained silent , knowing as he that did his king often thought out loud .
tr	I	This appeared to be the cue Oliver was waiting for , because turned he abruptly and faced the door .
tr	O	You could have come over you know ?
tr	O	You need to shape the fuck up .
tr	I	She had to take the opportunity to Daddy scold on his whiskey consumption .
tr	O	She lit candles for me while I attended to the horses , one to ride and one for baggage .
tr	I	The bodies on the ground mostly were blurs , so it was impossible to say which of them was her .
tr	O	Unfortunately , the President 's advisors were wrong .
tr	I	That a was long time ago .
tr	I	He is on intent something .
tr	I	' Why don 't you me let help ? '
tr	O	All I knew was when he showed up drunk at three in the morning the next night , it didn 't feel like love .
tr	O	It was hard to define , but present : something like a mix of flower power and juice essence .
tr	O	Once more her friend made a circular motion with her straw setting her ice cubes clinking .
tr	I	She turned to desk her , scribbled her number on a post-it and handed it to me .
tr	O	I didn 't know where to begin looking for the sword and to be honest , I was preoccupied with leaving my mother alone .
tr	O	People around him began to clap and cheer .
tr	O	The face that greets me through the crack in the slightly ajar door is not Sebastian , but his dad .
tr	O	She looked desperately for something to cut herself with .
tr	O	He already knew the routine .
tr	O	Gail 's finger moved off the diary and the vision faded .
tr	O	As I gathered my jacket and bag , though , it struck me that I felt something unexpected .
tr	O	Being careful not to scare me away .
tr	O	She would be ruined , and by a man whose own reputation was hardly spotless .
tr	I	Fortunately is he still breathing , but extremely tired .
tr	I	And I do not what care Magnus thinks .
tr	O	Brady had not forgotten either .
tr	I	The blonde his grabbed arm .
tr	I	Liz wrapped both arms around his firm body , avoiding the sword strapped to his waist and him pulled even closer .
tr	O	I put one foot on the sill .
tr	I	Was her chin shade a too sharp ?
tr	I	And what it had done , well what it had done was pulverize Sarah 's pretty face with the disgusting most thing I had ever seen before .
tr	O	He knew that the flotilla was withdrawing toward as defensive position in the protection of their fortress island before planning their next move .
tr	O	Anya hoped he hadn 't received help from her staff , but the dread filling her belly said otherwise .
tr	I	He immediately stood , and she down bit on her lip , looking up at him , refusing to break his rule .
tr	O	But if Roman didn 't get Charlotte out from under his skin as soon as possible , his promise to his brothers was in jeopardy .
tr	O	A shrill whistle sounded and a voice over loudspeaker commanded that the games should begin .
tr	I	Blinded and unable to touch him with my hands , focused I on my other senses to create the picture of us I couldn 't see .
tr	I	Doug gets himself drink a and returns to the table .
tr	O	one of the Magi asked , shouting to be heard above the rumbling volcano .
tr	O	He glanced back at her , his eyes softening as he took her in .
tr	I	This was tattoo the stopping me from saying too much , not that there was any need .
tr	O	' Julie tells me you 're working for Agriculture now . '
tr	O	There was a local doctor , though , who had some success with him .
tr	O	They 'd had a vehicle , after all , and there 'd been a group of them .
tr	O	The heroes that fight it carry no darkness in them .
tr	I	He just looked annoyed that she was about leave to .
tr	I	I thought he would look like a Native American Indian , but he like looks a Wizard .
tr	O	We were trying to decide whether to scale the building or turn and fight when he sprayed us with holy water .
tr	O	I know you buy them at a pharmacy or something .
tr	I	With a load things of going through my mind that was my firm conclusion .
tr	I	But his face is longer and more defined , a hint of stubble rides his jaw , and he gotten 's tall , taller than even Sergei .
tr	I	The woman behind the bar made small a moaning sound .
tr	O	I believed him , but it wasn 't enough .
tr	I	Dad asks me , giving me a look that is cross between disappointment anger and .
tr	I	She had turned on the television was and paying full attention to it .
tr	I	I don like 't owing people any debt or favours .
tr	I	I 'd been so caught up in my own way childish of dealing with my fears that I 'd driven off my favorite pirate , maybe forever .
tr	I	He see could the tops of permed heads turning .
tr	O	Whenever you kiss me it lasts at least thirty minutes even though it appears to be seconds .
tr	O	I grabbed what remained of my pride , held tight .
tr	O	She 'd imagined that he was aroused beneath it .
tr	O	Dimitri 's amusement filled her mind .
tr	O	My hands were trembling , and I didn 't know how to make them stop .
tr	O	I know that will be hard but I 've pulled many double shifts and feel its worth a shot .
tr	I	We started the day adding without a single word to the conversation .
tr	O	We 'll mix what 's in this barrel with naphtha and pitch and load the siege engines with the mixture .
tr	O	The air pressed on them .
tr	O	I responded the way I always did .
tr	O	Why would he come now if he wanted to take me ?
tr	O	It made her feel even more confused .
tr	O	I silently willed him to walk away while my heart begged him to stay .
tr	O	I glanced over my shoulder to see Marcus staring at me and waiting by the doorway .
tr	I	What are the bastards over doing here ?
tr	I	Catherine smiled at him and he returned her smile , even if a unsure bit .
tr	I	He turned the handle and into stepped the cluttered home .
tr	O	Maybe Brady was rubbing off on her .
tr	I	Ugh ... dreaming this about is so much easier .
tr	I	There were no fairy tales talked that about what happened to the princess once her demons took over .
tr	O	Marius did not despise the power to fly , as he knew Pandora did , nevertheless it invariably chastened him .
tr	I	She could get through the day ; she kept telling herself breathe to , to focus .
tr	I	He me pulled up against him and gave me a big kiss .
tr	O	This is a world we reached through the Nether World .
tr	O	Plus , he 'd been able to keep Brandon from biting her at least twice .
tr	O	She knew the Hippocratic Oath before she ever memorized her own address .
tr	I	The dol has these creepy glass eyes that look like they staring 're straight into my soul .
tr	O	The coffee machine was on a table next to the vending machine .
tr	I	The chill of the rock came suddenly , racing his up spine .
tr	I	They arrived , and politely Westlake bade Devlin to enter first , asking him to sit .
tr	O	Kara looked like a different person now that she was dressed in all black .
tr	I	In one sense ( I will explain what sense in a moment ) niceness comes hardly into the question .
tr	I	Oh , I could have my rammed knife into Vaughn 's back the second he stepped through the doorway , but that wasn 't my plan .
tr	I	It 's dark , and it takes my eyes moment a to adjust to the dim .
tr	O	Her head suddenly felt as if it weighed a ton ; just holding it up became a struggle .
tr	I	Instantly , I realize that he in 's a much worse situation than he let on .
tr	I	She ignored and me nodded to the witch .
tr	I	Liz coughed up the coffee and sent spray a over her new friend 's shirt .
tr	O	A thought suddenly came to him to call his cell phone carrier and ask them to identify the location of the call he had just made .
tr	O	Then he got another job in another lab .
tr	I	The squad car veered to one side , halted against impersonal the concrete wall of the motorway .
tr	I	The way he had my body and buzzing aching for him .
tr	O	Josie strode across the parking lot .
tr	I	Instantly , warmth spread him through , followed on its heels by strength .
tr	I	Her voice trembling was .
tr	I	Now he numb felt .
tr	I	Gregor felt a twinge sympathy of .
tr	O	He 'd never interviewed someone who was trying to dissuade him from hiring them .
tr	O	The guns in the ceiling opened fire .
tr	O	But when I hear water running , I turn all the way around and press my face against the wall .
tr	O	He ran faster than ever before , pausing for nothing .
tr	O	She grabbed her purse and stomped out of his room , heels clicking as loudly as possible .
tr	I	He fished one out and unwrapped it , while all keeping most of his body hovering above me to block the wind .
tr	I	Emily beamed at her with mischievous a grin .
tr	I	When the hall emptied we broke open bottle a of champagne , well two bottles actually , and saluted ourselves .
tr	I	He was still holding tight to me , but I could see his was face scrunched up in pain .
tr	I	Her father her forced to marry Victor .
tr	I	I couldn help 't but be jealous of them .
tr	I	Mike 's family was more complicated , but then they always been had .
tr	I	One of the rats found the finish line and a of portion the crowd erupted in cheers .
tr	O	Gifford led her straight to his office .
tr	I	I didn 't even need to buzzed be in .
tr	O	Sensing the urgency in his voice , she began to make her way to him .
tr	O	As we walked , Fade and I took turns explaining what we 'd seen and learned .
tr	O	I mean -- I know why you 're interested in the Wilton robbery .
tr	I	You don 't know how people can overreact when they don understand 't something .
tr	O	Apparently Chad resolved to kill me himself , but I decided not to go meekly to the slaughter .
tr	I	One of the 's god eyes .
tr	I	He sat for a couple minutes more at the kitchen table , believing everything was done before she returned with her phone .
tr	I	The Guy pushed himself up his on elbows , panting .
tr	O	But they made no sense , they couldn 't .
tr	I	Not after five of years celibacy .
tr	O	No one had given him a break .
tr	I	And when she had last tried to look , she had felt creepy , as if she actually stalking was him .
tr	I	I need and you Nicole to concentrate .
tr	O	I just wheezed and leaned against the broken sculpture .
tr	O	She learned from the ideal teacher , of course .
tr	O	No prints on it .
tr	I	And felt I like Julie was watching me , judging me .
tr	I	Chapter 10 Katherine heard her door open up on Thursday morning while she stood in the kitchen little making pies .
tr	I	There dirt was under her fingernails .
tr	I	She rolled her eyes I and laughed .
tr	I	We got ta get out , before the fire balls hit the gas tanks , the beside kitchen ovens .
tr	O	I knew that was way too much money for what we had eaten , but Mason obviously didn 't feel like waiting for the bill .
tr	I	Molly patted her and shoulder left .
tr	I	Gently he pressed his lips against mine , my face cupped his in hands .
tr	I	Faye listened to noises the outside her cell .
tr	I	Anxiety over washes me .
tr	I	They had something far better than - love they had companionship .
tr	O	His thumb touched her bottom lip , and a shiver of sexual awareness curled in the pit of her stomach .
tr	I	Laura asked , at looking Allan 's map .
tr	O	I peel myself off the couch and pluck her up in the process .
tr	I	You 'll be here staying .
tr	O	He 'd recently branched out into children 's books but was struggling to find an agent with a decent sense of irony .
tr	O	one of the bound women yelled .
tr	O	Eirik kept staring at her .
tr	I	He 's really more like a huge cloud that wisps in out or with varying degrees of clarity and opacity .
tr	O	His touch was doing strange things to her insides and she sounded as if she 'd run a marathon .
tr	I	Now she 'd have to get waitress another .
tr	O	I haven 't taken leave of my senses and I haven 't joined a cult .
tr	I	He held out hand his .
tr	O	I tried to form words , but my heart was too busy jumping up and down with relief .
tr	I	Subsequently , the charges had been without withdrawn explanation .
tr	I	Call a it twitch , instinct even .
tr	O	His voice rang with just enough authority that I listened without wanting to punch him in the face .
tr	O	Did she know something more as she suggested she might ?
tr	O	I could barely hear the girls anymore .
tr	O	Again , it takes several seconds for him to answer .
tr	O	Jeremy groaned and rolled over onto his side , covering his bruised face with one arm .
tr	I	They walked outside , and she stepped to closer him as she sought out any signs of danger .
tr	I	She 's right , I have been coming to the control a room lot .
tr	I	I watch him carefully and feel the disapproval lines etched into face my .
tr	I	Apparently the subject is a touchy and one best dropped .
tr	I	That part of we him 'll all miss .
tr	O	It 's the most loyal faction , in terms of Choosing Ceremony statistics .
tr	O	Kane ... Tucker must have left his dog 's camera running since the roadblock .
tr	O	It wasn 't about winning to chase a dream anymore .
tr	O	Why was his in such a dirty place all the time ?
tr	O	That had been Holly 's word .
tr	O	My voice grew shrill .
tr	I	It gets on her hockey jersey as piles she pads in her arms .
tr	O	On the other side of the room , Lionel Devereaux pressed against the wall .
tr	I	They were lying the on couch , their kisses becoming more intense .
tr	I	She had them covered with pistol her and Matthew 's .
tr	O	I didn 't want to go to a house party and drink and sit off to the side watching other people drink .
tr	O	Even though I keep telling myself to stay away from her , it hurts thinking that it might actually happen .
tr	I	she asked , still not sure since he was up standing .
tr	I	Not something the Commissioner would want on the news and over all the internet .
tr	O	A sigh escaped her lips without her intention .
tr	I	The opening behind me was the and lips I was in its mouth , heading for its gullet .
tr	O	I intended to tell you , but when I arrived , I was made to feel so unwelcome .
tr	O	You know , get that blood cleaned off you .
tr	O	We were hardly in a position to mass-produce some magical vaccine .
tr	I	Sighing , she smoothed the cotton , tugged the hem , and reassured herself in a dozen ways that he okay was .
tr	I	She pointed thumb her toward her car .
tr	I	However , she 't couldn fight forever .
tr	O	To start with , the lead detective , Thomas Rafferty , shut down the investigation prematurely .
tr	O	I spoke to her more than any other woman I 've taken for the night .
tr	I	Still raw , but no blackened longer and blistered .
tr	I	Roman had stalked me a invisibly number of times .
tr	O	I tug the string hard and run a few steps .
tr	O	The old one had provided an intangible barrier meant to deflect solid matter and kinetic energy .
tr	O	She pursed her lips and shook her head .
tr	I	Yes , he should show you respect as commander of an army he claims belong to to , but it 's more than that .
tr	O	He was already feeling guilty about lying to Alena , and he doubted that it would improve if he was treated to a spectral striptease .
tr	I	Mac and locked Lynn arms .
tr	O	She said you told her that I 'd never be anything more than a friend .
tr	I	Can there be anything not known to That who the is One in all ?
tr	O	They knew what Anita would do to them if they got her into trouble by involving other people .
tr	I	She looked the at other women in the parlor .
tr	O	the other demanded , thrusting his face aggressively much too close , almost nose to nose .
tr	O	I look around for the weapon I dropped when he hit me , it has been swallowed by the gloom .
tr	O	Anyone standing above us or on the other side of the lake could see us .
tr	I	A flicker of anxiety passed through James 's eyes when she her bit lip .
tr	I	My head darted up , for searching the sound of his voice in my head .
tr	I	Juliet kind of wiggled in seat her .
tr	I	He just wants to play , and he doesn 't his know own strength .
tr	O	Kara looked down at the silver gauntlet wrapped around her wrist .
tr	I	She gave us a good bark , and we when stayed still , she eventually remembered she knew me .
tr	I	All the way to and infinity back .
tr	I	I know this man , his scent , energy his , but his identity escapes me .
tr	O	Neither was your father completely happy .
tr	O	He needed for someone to care for him for a change .
tr	I	She doesn smell 't like peaches .
tr	O	Then he opens his fist .
tr	O	There are only so many heroes and bad guys to go round .
tr	I	The guard behind her his pressed gun into her back .
tr	I	The painting had been crudely cut from frame its .
tr	I	not to die for his country but to the make other bastard die for his .
tr	O	He discovered he couldn 't talk to God the way he had before Barbara 's death .
tr	O	She took a long drag of her drink .
tr	O	This was all spiralling out of hand far too quickly .
tr	O	But she saw no reason for caution or trepidation now when she never had before .
tr	I	I placed hand her over my heart .
tr	I	He could see it was at the end of strength its .
tr	I	Josie a took long drink but the beer tasted wrong .
tr	I	Emma nods with a sense of as accomplishment she steps back and admires the painting .
tr	O	I 'm tryin ' my hardest here .
tr	O	Patient Zero had balls .
tr	I	It had been a Christmas present from parents our .
tr	I	Nor did he stop he what was doing .
tr	O	She looked strong , but a little nervous at the same time .
tr	I	It isn 't to going hurt you .
tr	O	A few moments later the trailer began its journey back to level .
tr	O	Her gaze swung up to meet mine , and she faltered a moment .
tr	I	From his tone , Rachel presumed this an was impressive statistic .
tr	I	I hadn 't hit my on head anything .
tr	I	Emma tried to wrench away , but hard a , cold object pressed between her shoulder blades .
tr	O	I sighed in relief , grateful Trenton wasn 't giving any more information than necessary .
tr	O	He cried out in pain , then relaxed .
tr	O	' What happened with todays ' boys and girls ? '
tr	O	But instead , he stood up and came around the table .
tr	O	A few coppers , a few silvers , one good dagger , one decent but rusty sword .
tr	I	The more she tried to resist , more the firm his embrace became .
tr	O	Every time I heard the shower click on , I had to call upon every ounce of self-control .
tr	O	My heart dropped momentarily .
tr	I	And never there was a time when He was not saying it .
tr	I	The sounds of fighting were dull and now distant .
tr	I	There no was jewelry , no wedding band .
tr	O	And it seemed to Bod as if she ran even faster then .
tr	O	He burst out laughing , pulled her to him .
tr	O	I 'd fallen for the common technique of distraction .
tr	I	When they do come in , they trail behind feminine types and extremely look self-conscious ... or bored .
tr	I	It was inside cool .
tr	I	He whispered before walking and away leaving me standing there .
tr	O	I 'm their only child .
tr	I	Even before I made the full connection that I was holding onto a jaw bone , was I screaming like a heroine in my own horror film .
tr	I	Farnsworth whitened and he leaned over , slapping hands his on the polished surface of his desk .
tr	O	Stephen wasn 't kidding .
tr	I	His voice sounds intense more , more serious .
tr	I	I didn 't any have plates or bowls .
tr	O	Mira got out of the car .
tr	O	That leaves less than a billion people who didn 't turn and most of those people were attacked by the infected .
tr	I	There was more than one strange thing about man the .
tr	O	This much was true .
tr	O	And why did that make me , a self-proclaimed feminist , happy , you ask ?
tr	I	Amelia and sat looked up at her sister-in-law , anguish filling her .
tr	O	Queen Tatiana will meet you and will talk about it in real time .
tr	O	There 's only two keys and they both look the same .
tr	O	I snuggled against him and he put his arm around me .
tr	O	A : I would wonder what the new hope is .
tr	I	Joe 's father muttered under his breath that he had no right to be standing in church a with decent people .
tr	I	He no has say in what I do .
tr	I	He turns back to me his and playful expression is gone , replaced by a challenging one that I 've seen too many times before .
tr	O	But he wouldn 't sell , out of some damn stubbornness .
tr	I	You can tell your father I 'll pay for the damages well as .
tr	O	In the end , I had no choice but to stay and guard what our race holds dear .
tr	I	And all needed she to grasp that power was to get the secret out of a man that was already eating out of her hand .
tr	O	It was past seven in the evening .
tr	O	I gave him a quizzical look .
tr	I	She searched confines the of her head for answers .
tr	I	Heavy footsteps clicking as Saber , alone , went up to Caroline , who was gasping and quivering .
tr	O	The river wasn 't the right way to end things .
tr	O	Not that I had time to concern myself with the lives of others , however .
tr	I	Linda 's cocked head to the side as she listened .
tr	O	My fists clench so that my nails dig into my palms .
tr	I	They lived in Romania mostly , as did Jag and Mary ; I suspected it was my arrival that prompted had their visit .
tr	O	The man he thought he 'd just defeated reappeared , and this time he had seven or eight of his companions with him .
tr	I	The thought 't didn sit well with her .
tr	I	His new faltered confidence .
tr	O	Since its opening in 1970 , the mall had undergone several expansions .
tr	I	The moment she said the words she them regretted .
tr	I	I avoided him and found Webb after fifth the time who was sitting with that same girl .
tr	O	My mother ate one , same as Gran .
tr	O	If it 's a promotion you want -- She 'd laughed at that , explaining simply that she was tired .
tr	I	Dylan was all getting about revenge .
tr	I	I stepped in front of Rigel and put my hand reverently on smooth its casing .
tr	I	There was far too much for one any person to take in .
tr	O	Her body went stiff with anger .
tr	I	The curtains were open , and glancing at the clock as he passed her saw their didn company 't come for another two hours at least .
tr	I	He as smiles large groups struggle to stay together .
tr	I	I 'll talk to him a for little while .
tr	I	Reece moved even in closer , almost touching her .
tr	I	My eyes were wide open , and I couldn 't even make other any expression besides complete panic .
tr	O	Lights crowded her vision and for a second , pain became everything , shooting down her neck , causing her pulse to spike rapidly .
tr	I	Jared left me alone , and ambled I to the bed .
tr	I	He shook his head in frustration , but down deep he understood why she was behaving like this .
tr	I	It is easier to kill than heal to .
tr	O	The back of my throat burned .
tr	O	Jin waved at them cheerfully , but his face scowled once he saw Leah with them .
tr	I	I went back to my quarters fetch to my things , only to find that someone was waiting for me .
tr	O	Of course if she had been in the kitchen this whole time she would have seen me coming .
tr	O	I stood in front of him silently waiting for him to give me his bruised hand .
tr	O	I 'm going to Cockermouth .
tr	O	She could barely sit still for it .
tr	O	She gets up on her horse and begins riding toward the battle .
tr	I	Thank for you reading Tainted !
tr	I	After had he passed , I hoped I would see his soul in the abyss in which I have traveled .
tr	O	It didn 't contain any words , just an old , faded picture .
tr	I	He flashed an smile evil at me , and I cringed .
tr	O	Strange , for him .
tr	I	' I don 't think the band them use .
tr	I	Chapter 21 Gretchen stared the at hanging doll , cold fear jettisoning through her body .
tr	O	At once the brightest burst of light appeared from behind her .
tr	I	Nik froze , his eyes looking into hers and revealing the shock his caused invasion .
tr	O	Filled with desire to kick everything within reach she despised both father and his useless son who 'd neither stopped the insults nor shared the blame .
tr	O	Pressing his lips to the top of her hair , he allowed his fingers to skim down the curve of her spine .
tr	I	I could not without do her .
tr	I	Maybe if he did something special her for , she would finally realize he was nothing like his father .
tr	O	He watched as Colleen walked through the small house , checking out the tiny bedroom , the single bath and then the functional but narrow kitchen .
tr	I	He was afraid I form 'd allegiances .
tr	I	But because the field sat than lower the surrounding ground , it got no breeze .
tr	I	Baxter and sighed rubbed his face .
tr	O	His eyes , what was left of them , were an opaque gray , the color of monsoon storm clouds , filled with thick cataracts .
tr	I	The ambulance backed into its along spot the lane of ambulances .
tr	O	' Well , this might hurt , ' said Michelle , reaching for the handle .
tr	I	Two large caravans moved slowly , a man sitting each behind one .
tr	I	Indie knew wasn it 't her he wanted to get to know , it was Tessa .
tr	I	She had not definitely thought about his light caress .
tr	O	Jeremy looked up at the sound of Lexie 's voice .
tr	I	Mary didn 't bother to ask what they survived had as she took a step back .
tr	I	I think I on went a spirit walk .
tr	O	I could feel my skin burning with humiliation .
tr	I	This whole was thing crazy .
tr	I	But when he stopped it was as if he no had power at all .
tr	I	I looked up in time to see Sulley 's face glaring at me from the kitchen doorway and then the room was into tossed darkness once again .
tr	I	The fourth was a barracks the for guards .
tr	I	Tyler 's brown hair was plastered to head his from the rain , contrasting with the paleness of his skin .
tr	O	They actually seemed startled to see her , and more or less stopped what they were doing .
tr	O	I don 't know why .
tr	I	Then came the night that Valentine 's father was killed in a raid routine on a werewolf encampment .
tr	I	What ensued was a strange pause their in fighting .
tr	O	Actually , we never did find out what happened to them .
tr	I	Her clothes are neat ironed and .
tr	I	I put my to hands my mouth to stifle further outbursts .
tr	O	Our walk gives me time to think about things .
tr	I	She did not want to list in her the mind many reasons her life had descended into sheer , unadulterated madness .
tr	I	I looked at myself in the mirror and I tried to see myself under the makeup and clothes that didn feel 't like me .
tr	O	James ' mother wore the scarf that had his school colors on it , even though it clashed with her jacket .
tr	O	I feel like I could see you every second of every day and it wouldn 't be enough .
tr	O	Texting wasn 't as widespread as it is today .
tr	O	Surely I 'll be able to tell when I see Cash whether or not we had sex .
tr	O	Damn it , she was going to leave .
tr	I	Eight nodded their head in approval while had two blank expressions on their face .
tr	O	Easier said than done .
tr	O	I moved back and glanced away from him .
tr	I	I bit lip my , still not believing he was standing in front of me .
tr	I	Kurt his slammed palm against the dashboard .
tr	O	He has a mortal mistress who has a pet spider and frequents the Pickled Nurse ?
tr	I	I don 't what know to do about him !
tr	O	You didn 't have to break Marty 's face .
tr	I	Did she him want to kiss her ?
tr	O	Filipe shook his head in fear .
tr	I	Sounds ceased , the birds silenced , it even seemed as the if porch swing stopped swinging .
tr	O	Nox left early that night , slipping out of the castle without a word to anyone .
tr	I	How could he feel that strongly toward me and love not me ?
tr	I	Chris heard the disdain and in defeat his own voice .
tr	I	He dropped down and gathered her tight in his arms and then he plunged forward , his * h ps meeting hers in a forceful thrust .
tr	O	She had nowhere to go .
tr	O	Judd couldn 't speak .
tr	O	Shawn 's favorite was a band named A Perfect Circle .
tr	O	The truck spun hard to the left as Beth mashed her foot down on the accelerator .
tr	I	Evelyn in drawled a heavy southern accent .
tr	O	Or at least it sounded good to me .
tr	O	He always eats out so he never thinks it 's important .
tr	I	Rick was the scum of earth the .
tr	I	As of memories the war faded , they were replaced by thoughts of Ginny .
tr	O	Annie didn 't know how to respond .
tr	O	I think she misses your not visiting .
tr	I	' It 's ... it 's like more a figure of speech , master .
tr	I	Kevin gestured us behind .
tr	O	Watching Him move was like what it must be like for an ant to watch a human .
tr	I	He finally got the window with up a screech of wood against wood that made me jump .
tr	O	He started down the dock in a stupor and heard Corrado follow , but he didn 't turn around .
tr	O	He didn 't know anymore .
tr	O	He had noticed the sword the other man carried but the axe carried a more menacing weight to it .
tr	O	He finally had some time to think .
tr	I	I was sure that he would never offer such an apology in the that way I had .
tr	I	I not promise to laugh .
tr	O	The photographer smiled , extending his hand for Daniel to shake .
tr	O	Darren 's gaze drifted to his missing arm .
tr	I	What if there comes a time when can I 't ?
tr	I	I think of fear the swallowing me last night until I couldn 't feel , until I couldn 't breathe .
tr	O	He knows how easy a wish can be washed away by the forces of the day .
tr	I	What does he think , am I watching him ?
tr	I	He wrapped his arm over my shoulder and pulled me close for second a .
tr	I	She lifted one and arm wiped her nose on her sleeve .
tr	I	Maybe he 'd been before right - maybe when it really counted , he came through .
tr	I	Adams rang Cyril Ashton and asked if he could speak with the delivery driver and ask him to describe the who person signed for the coffin .
tr	I	I suddenly felt very underdressed in brown my slacks and beige turtleneck .
tr	O	She wasn 't a runner .
tr	I	He greeted kids the and met the eyes of Theresa and Sam .
tr	I	He hear could her voice and her thoughts at the same time , and it felt ... right .
tr	O	She swallowed back her tears and looked at the tombstone .
tr	I	Salt and water a stiff breeze had turned it into a mass of uncontrolled curls .
tr	O	I headed upstairs and confirmed the same , then took a quick peek in the garage .
tr	O	Garrett was forced to remind himself that he was on a job here .
tr	O	Soon another guard approached from within the market .
tr	I	Emma stands front in of her door ; she puts her ear to it as though she anticipates something terrible .
tr	O	He sat numb , unable to move or think .
tr	I	She wanted to ask details for , proof , but she couldn 't even talk .
tr	I	A few days ago , she came looking a for job because she wanted to live .
tr	O	Gabriel 's silken voice wound me tightly to him .
tr	O	Every logical part of his mind told him that it was not possible ; the prisms were destroyed many years past .
tr	I	And all of was it nothing but a prelude to the true attack .
tr	I	When we first met , it had been new a love , a genuine love but not as deep as it became with time .
tr	I	She didn 't relish the idea of being asked to dance she ; was half afraid she 'd panic again if anyone actually spoke to her .
tr	O	A little , sick boy with a highly evolved soul , Samantha .
tr	I	Katie brought me back to reality with a quick shove my to back , knocking me forward , face down , into the snow .
tr	I	How many times they did want me to repeat it ?
tr	O	Justin stood above us , and I could see the panic in his eyes .
tr	I	get up shame for !
tr	O	You are starting at the bottom left-hand corner .
tr	I	She must have shifted unconsciously , because Kelly hissed as a pin loose came .
tr	I	And even if the landlord won the case , that didn 't mean he could enter the and apartment start chucking out the tenant 's belongings .
tr	O	He popped up in August . '
tr	I	I like my job , and I like to work , and I 't don want you to stop me doing that .
tr	O	Don 't think about the pain or the fear , and then the deeper pain that made thinking of anything else impossible .
tr	I	Dad wasn 't on back my to go to college or get a real job or any of that kind of thing .
tr	O	Laurence 's phone rang so he answered .
tr	I	Eyes follow me wherever I go , whispers poking the at tender meat of my brain as I make my way through the crowd .
tr	I	My education dwindled to nothing , humanity seeping from my life like dripping a faucet , drop by drop .
tr	I	They twisted contorted and in an active , distorting way .
tr	O	I stepped under the hot spray , letting it rinse the salt and sweat .
tr	O	My search for a distraction in my past .
tr	I	Grace leaned back in her chair and looked at the ceiling , wondering what it would be not like to dread office meetings .
tr	I	Uri must have sensed between tension them , because he muttered to Viktor that they could catch up later .
tr	I	This is too dangerous your for cowboy solution .
tr	O	Something that you will want more than that office .
tr	I	He 't didn know who he was trying to fool .
tr	I	I scowled at all of them and then I shook my head and walked around to the passenger 's side the of police car .
tr	O	I heard the monsters surging toward the passage .
tr	O	I began to feel weak .
tr	O	He wasn 't naive enough to believe that the silence since changing phone numbers would last .
tr	O	Meanwhile , the crowd is on the verge of rioting .
tr	I	He when flinches he catches me out of the corner of his eye .
tr	I	One of the disappeared creatures in a puff of black smoke .
tr	O	After a half an hour he collapsed .
tr	O	Nicole wasn 't going away .
tr	I	It really wasn 't necessary , I had already done my homework this on clown and he wasn 't a match for my client .
tr	O	Remember , he 's not the twelve-year-old who used to want to hang with his big brother who could drive .
tr	I	I wished she hadn 't said anything ; now I was afraid 'd he single her out for torment .
tr	I	And every I time opened my mouth to urge her to leave him , I promptly shut it .
tr	I	We 're just sitting down at the picnic table under the tree when Zeke shows up carting tray a .
tr	O	I was glad I 'd had years of practice of hiding my feelings .
tr	O	If she ate at all ... It was almost easier not to eat .
tr	O	There were no more words after that .
tr	I	Only they are not obvious as as snow globes and fridge magnets .
tr	I	Oh , Papa , why must you meddle in people other 's lives ?
tr	I	Considering how his head felt , he hoped the night stayed just as as quiet it was now .
tr	O	The whole left side of my body was pressed against his , tingling and warm .
tr	O	The angry look on her face immediately eased , and she replaced it with a false smile .
tr	O	Other days , she cried .
tr	O	Leonardo produced a packet of papers , which he handed over .
tr	O	Emerson turns to look over his shoulder at the sound , and just like that , the spell is broken .
tr	O	He was awfully young to be in a PhD program , and high intellect seemed to be another quirk of the successful serial killer .
tr	I	Our echoed footsteps on the metal walkway .
tr	I	It depressed me to have to leave him , and to see him in such state a .
tr	O	Yet above all , he is the most precious person to me .
tr	I	They be could twins .
tr	I	In the end , it not does bother her anymore .
tr	O	Something is coming and you need to be prepared for whatever it is .
tr	O	It was real hard for me and my sister .
tr	O	I was scared by the possibilities stretching out before us but happy nonetheless .
tr	I	He waited a moment and then stepped cautiously around quivering the blade to examine the hollow stone behind it .
tr	I	When Abbey 's body finally stopped shuddering , she up looked from where she 'd let her head fall on Damien 's shoulder and she smiled weakly .
tr	O	Steve tries to remember what Godzilla 's real name is .
tr	O	Gretchen sipped the fragrant coffee and felt it coursing through her body , rejuvenating her spirit in spite of her early morning visitor .
tr	I	I must the fix door . '
tr	I	Vlad his bowed head .
tr	I	I should happy be .
tr	I	His voice was too tight for own his liking .
tr	I	There little was pep in this car .
tr	I	Bryan for stood several minutes , staring at the empty room .
tr	O	Distracted , it was maybe a half an hour later when two shots split the night time air , echoing off the trees all around them .
tr	I	he whined as she dragged him out the and door to the car .
tr	I	Mike was comfortable , a link to her past , a link Jim to .
tr	I	I a concealed yawn in vain .
tr	I	In the old days , a sacrifice was always made before a battle large , to appease the gods .
tr	O	I smiled at my friend because she really was a friend .
tr	O	The bar was upside down to me .
tr	O	But apparently , he had another ace up his sleeve , because a pleased smile spread across his face .
tr	O	She makes her way out without even saying good night .
tr	I	Was he really going to her make come out and say it ?
tr	I	He her nibbled neck .
tr	I	I saw his dark reflection in the and glass his lips were parted as if he had just finished a thoroughly exhausting run .
tr	I	Please , need I your help . '
tr	O	He felt the hair on the back of his neck rising .
tr	O	The journey might be days , weeks or hours , I had no idea , but it didn 't matter , I was free .
tr	O	That was Anna 's wish as everything started to go black .
tr	O	She didn 't have to say anything .
tr	O	So the driver had been sitting inside for a while , doing what ?
tr	O	Why should aliens have airplane doors ?
tr	O	He steps off the porch and stands close to me .
tr	I	He just had get to there .
tr	I	Unfortunately , a lack of was communication standing in the way of progress on the investigation .
tr	O	She didn 't look mad .
tr	I	Her scorched lips his skin as she continued to nuzzle his neck and thrust herself against him .
tr	I	She gives them a weak smile waves and down to them .
tr	I	Tara adjusted the of front her dress and blushed .
tr	O	NINE Old Towne : Conner March 10th ?
tr	O	There was something deeply satisfying about knowing that others enjoyed his work .
tr	I	If was he dead , and Frost was lost , then ... I fought my breathing until it came more smoothly .
tr	O	' We all like to think we possess special , hidden powers don 't we , Jill ? '
tr	I	She just wanted to curl up with him on a sofa , drink a of glass wine and fall asleep on his shoulder .
tr	I	She put hands her down over her belly , expecting to see the illusion that was usually there .
tr	O	He can fly or ride anything .
tr	O	The air went darker and thicker than the antiseptic smell coating the air .
tr	O	My body tingled with awareness and never before had I ever felt like cutting someone 's hair was so ... intimate .
tr	O	Brooks pointed at Barton .
tr	O	I 'd guess it has something to do with making sure the workers wouldn 't squander their hard-earned cash on the gaming tables .
tr	I	He awoke sitting up , one hand on gun his .
tr	O	Frustration clenched my jaw , but I fought not to let her see that .
tr	I	The family liked to work out in their little gym evenings on when Carrie was home .
tr	I	If they used this opportunity to get cozy , he 'd make sure he remembered place his in the pecking order .
tr	O	She could see the fierce war he was waging with himself , the struggle for control that he was trying to maintain .
tr	I	Then she grabbed my hand lifted and it to her cheek .
tr	O	I want to have a tribe of others like me , however I might be .
tr	O	After all , he was not making her come out and do this .
tr	I	She 'd prefer to think the nap she 'd taken that afternoon was responsible for this to inability sleep .
tr	I	A couple of other male servants made the up group .
tr	O	A dream I have worked hard for all these long and painful years just to accomplish and fulfill .
tr	O	You will love it !
tr	O	She thanked the attendant and watched him take the wheel only to park it a few feet away .
tr	O	Shaking so hard she could barely move , she crawled up the riverbank toward the grove near her school .
tr	O	It was a question she couldn 't answer .
tr	I	When I left your time , I I knew 'd never find another to take your place .
tr	I	On top of the crappy seating chart , she was one the of most boring teachers for the most boring subject .
tr	I	I feel that relieved Norah 's distaste for costumes means at least she doesn 't look like this guy .
tr	I	27 Seth and Nina screamed through the door , the thugs behind flying them .
tr	I	Both E and C Cylinders were flooded , and he didn want 't to go upstairs with Beth .
tr	I	He was and warm nice to hang on to .
tr	O	He waved me to silence .
tr	O	Mr. Marin leaned forward and touched Hanna 's hand .
tr	O	I swallowed the expanding knot in my throat .
tr	I	he asked sharply , and he brushed his empty plate to one side without taking his eyes me off , clearing his own deck for action .
tr	I	She 't didn argue .
tr	I	Things tend to sense make once you figure out all of the pieces .
tr	O	I 've spoken to the Professor of Military Science there , Lieutenant Colonel Jones , and he believes it can be done .
tr	O	After Christopher left , Matt took his time getting his things together , letting the other guys get out of the locker room ahead of him .
tr	O	The engine won 't start .
tr	I	But Mac 's didn presence 't keep Beau from kissing her after breakfast .
tr	O	He prayed there was only one .
tr	I	I 'm not ready say to good-bye to him , not with Vel 's story about Adele so fresh in my mind .
tr	I	During one of these moments I back came and found Griffin had disappeared on me .
tr	I	It musky was , exotic , seductive .
tr	O	Her lithe form vibrated with her inner turmoil .
tr	O	And so the countdown began .
tr	O	I walk over to the picture and gently pick it up to look at his mum and dad .
tr	I	Norcross had good benefits , and promoted they from within .
tr	I	But I reminded that myself Stu was safe .
tr	I	His smile is derisive and his eyes are glinting with malice as he closes in me on , leaning forward into my face .
tr	I	She read it all there in eyes his so gemstone sharp they could cut .
tr	O	Ethan put a bead on the back of the abby 's head and fired .
tr	I	If so , how can a horse heart 's keep pace with quicker pulse rates of the human race ?
tr	O	Ted was fast asleep too , arms around Dreamer .
tr	I	I returned her kiss with the same passion and desire and she responded by me holding all the tighter .
tr	O	Miles said nothing , still watching me with the look that made me feel dirty all the way down to the bone .
tr	O	He 'd let her go .
tr	O	Conall only growled , low and furious .
tr	I	And she told him about Gregory 's more amusing antics , that hoping he 'd start to love the pig as much as she did .
tr	I	They would have it realized was time to reevaluate .
tr	O	Silence surrounded them , the mood broken as reality intruded .
tr	I	He 'd beg her to stay he if thought it would make a difference .
tr	O	When the merchant white Europeans came , these same traders began to sell slaves to the visiting ships .
tr	I	I think personally that next to Christianity Dualism is the manliest and most sensible creed on the market .
tr	O	I remember I looked right at him and his eyes darted to the floor .
tr	I	Vlad nodded his in head agreement .
tr	I	Yuri couldn 't even remember whether had Gordon ever understood Ash 's name .
tr	I	It 's something I don mind 't thinking about .
tr	I	He discern could in the girl an unparalleled understanding of virtue , but virtually no understanding of vice and immorality .
tr	I	I could tell where you were at times all .
tr	I	Yeah , but it would be easier to forget parts those .
tr	O	I like existing and was pretty sure of it until recently .
tr	I	The only evidence that bravado his was faltering was the hard swallow he took .
tr	O	This was the same path that they shared together ; walking , jogging or biking at least twice a month .
tr	O	Most Mothers Gradually my sandals began to slide in the mud , my nose cringing at the odor rising from the stagnant water below .
tr	I	I swear could that I know everything about Mads 's and Ava 's lives , but there are some things that I haven 't shared with them .
tr	I	You don 't have keep to living like this .
tr	I	My dream abruptly broke .
tr	I	Evil tried Harry to breathe .
tr	O	They were not rich by any means and still struggled but he had contracts lined up for the next few years .
tr	I	Fade asked , me following with his gaze .
tr	I	Jenny felt a of wave coldness .
tr	I	Paul was to able let go .
tr	O	She kept stealing glances at him , wondering what had ticked him off earlier .
tr	O	Our bodies pressed together , chests to hips to thighs , and all the hard and soft spots in between .
tr	O	She could see stars at the upper portion .
tr	I	The two are a pack , one tied to other the , working together .
tr	I	I hadn 't even realized I had asleep fallen .
tr	I	If there 's any I conversation want to have to use against the Colonies , it 's this one , to be shown to the entire public .
tr	I	For five years had she dedicated herself to her job , ruthlessly stifling those parts of her personality that didn 't fit the image .
tr	O	The old woman sat at the bow and I sat at the stern , for they judged me to be the heavier of the two of us .
tr	O	Gentlemen that we met on our way tipped their small black hats in our direction as did the pike armed soldiers with their big , plumed hats .
tr	I	A rear slid window down partway , but the occupant remained inside .
tr	O	Without another look , he turns around and walks away .
tr	O	Daisy tugged off her apron and shoved it hard at his chest .
tr	I	Herding them together with a bap and a nip , he them paraded across the lawn and , one by one , into the house .
tr	O	That said yes to the dog .
tr	O	' The dreams always start in fragments , then it becomes clearer .
tr	O	' It was all in my Mum 's diary .
tr	I	Be strong me for .
tr	O	Rena held herself proudly and had to admit she 'd never felt sexier than she did that night .
tr	I	Aurora seemed as to eager go as her bond .
tr	O	With cardboard in scarce supply , the contents of the van has not been packed in containers .
tr	O	I could use a little comfort ; that was for sure .
tr	O	The Dean he 'd tossed out the window with a wave of his arm .
tr	I	He was back track on .
tr	O	Both she and Collin understood the responsibilities of confidentiality .
tr	O	Now the firing was sporadic and the black holes punched through the searing lights appeared less frequently .
tr	O	The faded blue eyes never wavered .
tr	I	he asked , his voice smooth so as not to alert to her the anger welling up inside him .
tr	O	Nobody else was allowed to touch her .
tr	O	We picked up his checked bag , one of the last on the carousel .
tr	O	Albert 's face sunk back into the hedge .
tr	I	I tried to patient sound .
tr	O	Liz reached up , wiping away her newly forming tears , as she waved for Jin to come .
tr	O	When it comes closer I see that it is a green blob or cloud .
tr	I	Each new curl of mist the added definition to thin its body and long head .
tr	I	The latter came from experience personal .
tr	O	CHAPTER 46 Raising her hands to the circle of light she floated up through the waters .
tr	O	Victor shook his head .
tr	O	Evidence of my current frazzled state over being separated from my girl .
tr	O	I had no children .
tr	I	We have slight a tailwind , so we should get into Perth a little early .
tr	I	I didn 't think I could anything feel through this numbness .
tr	O	He was too late .
tr	I	But were there so many unanswered questions .
tr	I	My eyes on settle the next soldier .
tr	I	The dress was no an longer obstacle .
tr	O	' Is that all you 're here for ? '
tr	O	Big D 's behind the counter .
tr	O	Cassie took a hesitant step forward , the vague hope returning at the vampire 's hint of emotion .
tr	O	The hope in her voice made Josh wish her father had asked him to check on her .
tr	O	I 'm not dealing with it .
tr	I	She cried until her whole body felt and limp empty , and finally he let her go .
tr	O	His voice held longing .
tr	O	She could hear it in his voice , asking why she wasn 't touching , wasn 't tasting .
tr	O	She was looking at me like a mom with a babbling kid who was just learning how to talk .
tr	O	Stow your stuff and clean up a little .
tr	I	The living room was empty too , aside from two sofas a and large screen which took up half of a wall .
tr	I	She was a health nut and had survived for several weeks on bottled water and bulk granola or some other of kind healthy crap .
tr	O	I could only stare back .
tr	I	I to scurried the middle of the room , my heart thudding once more in my chest .
tr	O	If he did , it just made the will that much more perplexing .
tr	O	Polly tucked them in and kissed Emma 's forehead .
tr	O	Blake led the way through .
tr	O	He actually needed help but he could not think of who to turn to .
tr	O	Carlos was up , had seen the storm on the news , and told Preston that he would be leaving Friday by midday .
tr	O	Humiliated past all endurance by the duchess ' contemptuous appraisal , Alexandra lifted her chin and stared right back at the old woman .
tr	I	A corkscrew won 't go into but anything corks .
tr	O	Shea 's abilities are random , a fact that has always frustrated her .
tr	I	Michael , munching spring rolls , was eyeing her interest with .
tr	I	Especially since foul was play suspected .
tr	I	At the bottom of the hill stopped Paul to reassess their direction .
tr	I	It was just so typical of Lori to get some idea in her head couldn she 't shake .
tr	I	A fan kicked up a breeze , and while there AC were vents in the bungalow , apparently the Rochas preferred the morning breeze .
tr	I	From the grin big that stretched across her face , I guessed she wasn 't accustomed to many customers .
tr	I	She to had learn to do this somehow .
tr	I	I don ´ t want anything to happen Danica to .
tr	I	He the wipes blood of the blade on his apron before wedging it into the stump .
tr	I	He sure like did to watch .
tr	O	Lily Chin , Lydia Goetz The prayer shawl class was going well .
tr	I	He her said name deliberately .
tr	I	I looked up into his face , strained and with taut passion .
tr	O	And others , I wanted to say -- John and Loren .
tr	I	I studied him we as ate .
tr	O	The horses ' ears flicker and they roll their eyes toward him as he gets closer .
tr	O	The moon , a crescent , hung low , casting a dim light over us .
tr	I	I sat up a and wave of dizziness swept over me .
tr	O	Why is God subjecting my innocent little sister to the same misery that he allowed to befall those poor twins ?
tr	O	After another half a page , Garrick stopped us .
tr	O	There were not many recognizable faces , but the colors of the uniforms could be identified .
tr	I	On the way , we stopped by the market place and Kathy bought two hand-carved teak statues that she said her reminded of us .
tr	O	It wasn 't easy , knowing she was undressed behind him , but somehow he managed .
tr	O	You should have seen her , all red with snot dripping down her face , complete with heartbroken tears !
tr	O	Paul was sure of it .
tr	I	She hadn 't him told everything about Paul , either .
tr	I	But she 'd known they were a big of part his past .
tr	O	' Do I like it ? '
tr	O	Oh yes , driving back to Mum 's house with Sky .
tr	O	Have I told you lately that I love you ?
tr	O	It had been painted bright orange .
tr	O	To think he very nearly hadn 't allowed Elyssa to talk him into spending the week here at the villa .
tr	I	He saw come her again .
tr	I	I squeezed eyes my shut .
tr	O	Allison lifted me up partially so that she could sit down and lay my head in her lap .
tr	O	Yeah , that subject matter will cheer you right up and get you to sleep through the night .
tr	I	She stared at the wall across from her and did acknowledge not Colton as he slowly approached .
tr	I	But Erica always assumed a higher power creating was that particular opportunity .
tr	O	The thought of opening herself like a rotting flower to her beloved daughter was more than she could bear .
tr	O	Carefully so as to avoid contact with her skin I gingerly took hold of the protruding corner of the note .
tr	I	Joshua walked toward Ben , and when merely feet away , the raised bear up on its hind legs .
tr	O	The slow creak of a door stopped her in her tracks .
tr	O	They place some warm soda cans we bought from the front desk into the bucket to chill .
tr	I	I tried to not think .
tr	O	After all the only proof we have that she was kidnapped is a dream .
tr	I	I 'll go to dance the .
tr	O	Inside mountains no one could hear you scream ... Cue the scary music .
tr	O	She closed her eyes , a sigh of pleasure escaping her lips .
tr	I	He had been brought here back to his home to be with family in his final days .
tr	I	Ryan handed him the screen and Kenny set it his on lap .
tr	I	She had always hoped to have a marriage as strong and lasting as had theirs been , but that wouldn 't happen now .
tr	I	She stumbled slightly as she put on her shoes and he realized was she a little drunk .
tr	O	I went to see an ultrasound tech first .
tr	O	The computer allowed you to fix a point precisely in three-dimensional space .
tr	O	He had probably moved on with his life , might even have married .
tr	I	Most were smaller than the first one , and he carried back them a couple at a time .
tr	I	He withdraws hand his .
tr	I	She feared Naomi would follow her , but she didn 't on appear the landing .
tr	I	Azalea picked up the folder manila and handed it to Rose .
tr	I	I on tugged my tank and crossed the room .
tr	O	He must have left his phone behind so I could wake up to this .
tr	O	Catherine was too on edge at their discovery to appreciate the joke .
tr	I	Her mad ' ra refusal 's for her to learn made no sense !
tr	I	As I slaughter will you !
tr	I	And no burden all at .
tr	O	She was about fifty yards away now , sailing true .
tr	O	Felicity whispered quietly again , trying to distract him .
tr	I	The girl 's eyes , sleepy and hypnotic , meet 's Temple and for a moment they are locked .
tr	I	This had nothing to do with 's Lucy wedding anymore .
tr	I	Neither Weston nor the Lady was in sight , and began he walking in a leisurely fashion beside the sea .
tr	I	Jason asks , her noticing distress .
tr	O	He offers a hand so I do the same , and when he grabs it I warm instantly .
tr	I	But the were men looking at me , expecting a bolstering word .
tr	O	So Cassandra hadn 't responded .
tr	O	From where I was sitting , I couldn 't tell whether he was glaring at the apartment , but he 'd followed my other instructions impeccably .
tr	O	The boy was still breathing but there was nothing David could do for him .
tr	O	The fact that it had taken so many words for her to express her feelings also touched me and made me smile .
tr	O	There were small bottles in the bar before me , but I didn 't want to throw anything hard at them .
tr	I	I I thought had a pretty good idea who had killed Jasmine , stolen the Bowl of Tears , and why .
tr	O	I raised an eyebrow .
tr	O	Tomorrow she 'd figure out what to do about Liam .
tr	I	This time , had he a woman with him .
tr	I	Xavier I and walked alongside a beautiful redhead that was escorting us to our table .
tr	I	The appeal to Audrey 's pride where worked nothing else might have .
tr	O	She had nothing but a tank top and shorts on , making her feel naked and exposed sitting there .
tr	I	There was a moment general of silence , imagination drawing the scene for those who had not been present .
tr	O	The neighbours would complain about the noise , but Colby had said he should start anyway , early .
tr	O	Captain Cook checked his course and left the helm to the seaman on watch in order to check on Jason .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure if I disappointed was or relieved .
tr	I	He really should have waited until I 'd finished that sip of water I because choked and sprayed a mouthful of it all over his shirt .
tr	I	What 'd she overheard .
tr	O	More guards come running down the stairs , knocking him over .
tr	I	Emma stared the out dark windshield .
tr	I	Fourth down and only one left second on the clock .
tr	I	That had to what be those noises were .
tr	I	I 't wasn careful enough .
tr	O	I wouldn 't have to tell him my plans at all .
tr	I	He would be back as soon as he could , would and be sure to let me know .
tr	I	Devon had stopped him the first few times he tried 'd to get close , but this time he decided to let Chris go .
tr	O	And suddenly I knew what this place was supposed to be .
tr	O	He smiled charmingly and he came and sat down by me .
tr	I	Me and had Emily doodling contests .
tr	O	So you wiped off her hands , renewed the bonds on her wrists , and locked her back into the wardrobe .
tr	O	While all of Cheyenne 's friends were in the Caribbean or spending the holidays elsewhere .
tr	O	He heard a soft sound in the distance , muted by the natural sounds of the night .
tr	I	I think the shoots bastard blanks .
tr	O	She knew nothing about him .
tr	I	So a few bugs would me touch .
tr	O	They never had and she didn 't have much faith that they ever would .
tr	I	He wore mirrored sunglasses , the kind she 'd only seen on cop vintage shows .
tr	I	Security approached me -- I flashed my conference ID badge and ran him past to the elevator .
tr	I	Mary Jo , however , beautiful was .
tr	O	Blackjack makes a hand signal .
tr	I	And I was also big a fat liar .
tr	I	Not police the or the fire brigade .
tr	I	' Did slave the want to bandage up the dead one ? '
tr	I	He knew they needed keep to going .
tr	I	Los Angeles is expensive an city .
tr	O	It was also grey , which pleased her the most .
tr	O	Did I ever tell you that ?
tr	O	Josef knocked gently on the toilet door and PC Whitlock emerged .
tr	O	She was here with him .
tr	I	I yelped we as went down , immediately turning onto my side as Lucas had taught me , dislodging him .
tr	O	But he stiffened under the other man 's perusal , his back going up fast at the suggestion that he 'd never work in Philadelphia again .
tr	I	The shop quite was small .
tr	O	Could he choose love ?
tr	I	Although she could only make out the top his of head , that was good enough .
tr	O	At least it might make a good flipping coin .
tr	O	The vision she 'd never seen in real life ( except he was clothed ) .
tr	O	He expanded his chest in an effort to draw in more oxygen , to drive blood to his head instead of his loins .
tr	O	Sophie smiled and drove down Kaiser Street to the Market .
tr	I	If only ... She took a sudden breath sharp .
tr	O	He took the pencil out of his mouth , cupped it in his hand , walking around in small circles .
tr	I	I looked out window the .
tr	O	Her mother was beside her a second later .
tr	I	Gabriel looked Will to then .
tr	O	Compared to the entrance hall , this room felt oppressing and tight .
tr	I	I sat in a plain chair wooden .
tr	I	He knew it was sinful to in give to such bliss , but he no longer cared .
tr	I	Despite having had a little time to process his betrayal , I still didn 't trust myself to be in the same as room him .
tr	O	Even her name was one of a kind .
tr	O	She played her comment back in her head and groaned .
tr	O	It wasn 't lost on me that he emphasized the word fiancee or immediately wrapped a possessive arm around my waist .
tr	I	Had they found drugs the in building ?
tr	I	I to tried swim in it , looking for an air pocket , but there was no hope of escape .
tr	O	It had felt right .
tr	I	Not wanting to stand up in the flaps of the entrance , he shuffled out too before far planting a foot to rise .
tr	I	Cupping her hands over her mouth , she blew until a mist frosty formed .
tr	I	Unable to talk , he simply looked up in shock at the man he thought like of a son .
tr	I	I think 'd you better give Philip Napoleon a call .
tr	O	The man sounded selfish and arrogant .
tr	I	But more significant was the fact they that knew , and we knew , they couldn 't win .
tr	O	Tom grabbed another chair and dragged it out trying to keep his hands as far away from the skeleton as possible .
tr	I	Otherwise , he threatened go to out for a walk on Callisto 's surface wearing no spacesuit !
tr	O	You would always let Robbie and me stop at the ice cream shop on our way home after sailing lessons .
tr	O	To be happy to see him in light of what he was here for .
tr	O	Jax kissed me and headed upstairs to the Fortress of Solitude .
tr	O	Candace wandered off to explore every nook and cranny of the gardens .
tr	O	She looked at him with misty eyes .
tr	O	I started towards it .
tr	I	Meredith out held her hand without a word , like an automaton .
tr	O	but they also had Cuba and dozens of other islands , so why bother .
tr	I	Kathy across smirked the table .
tr	I	Chloe closed eyes her .
tr	O	Something I should have realized a long time ago , but for some reason I just couldn 't .
tr	I	One minute you saw it ; the next it gone was .
tr	O	The queen would put him back in the lonely cell of her rules , her jealousy , her sadism .
tr	I	At least , that 's what he told to himself explain his inexplicable behavior .
tr	O	But could he do that ?
tr	I	Since there was no way to convince them that she was not getting married , she resigned herself to the wedding ordeal dress .
tr	O	Helen led Jackie onstage and whispered a few quiet words to her sister .
tr	O	If the Source wanted this , why didn 't the Source guide him now .
tr	O	Sure enough , her oldest brother , Cord , tapped Jack on the shoulder during the second song .
tr	O	I wasn 't at all sure I 'd made the best decision when I 'd made up my mind to go tonight .
tr	O	I can 't make out their faces .
tr	I	I in asked one quick breath .
tr	I	Their sees prescient many things .
tr	I	But there 's an indoor pool at the university center rec .
tr	I	I had cleared my mind pushed and the emotions away .
tr	O	Sometimes I 'd wake up and I 'd see him keeping watch .
tr	I	He struck again me .
tr	O	It was the worst sound I 'd ever heard .
tr	I	I and squatted took her hands .
tr	O	She tried to remember .
tr	I	But doesn she 't pay a tithe to me .
tr	I	Joe stared back Murray at .
tr	I	' Why exactly have I this got ? '
tr	O	The soldier gave a moment 's pause .
tr	O	Her brows drew together .
tr	O	Shawn had yet to pray in public , and he was rather fearful to try .
tr	O	I grab her hands and hold them next to her head so I can control her .
tr	I	Instead , Sara pressed a finger to daughter her 's mouth .
tr	O	Frank jerked at his remark .
tr	I	His sure heart didn 't seem to think they were over , but his head knew better .
tr	O	He paused and frowned , as though he were thinking .
tr	O	Gavin was trying to sort out why they were there .
tr	I	As we approached , the gathered figures began to shift and to murmur each other in tongues I did not know .
tr	O	The place was burning down .
tr	I	Any mention of the Veal name at Whispering Pines would draw hostility from her ... Aunt or her brother , Max .
tr	I	One ship was lost on the way down , but the rest held out against Europa 's fissures hostile .
tr	O	Frowning he stood up and headed to the ships shuttle bay , muttering as he did so about how stupid an idea this was .
tr	O	Yes , I could ´ ve killed him .
tr	O	Her arm brushes his and she feels a warm rush throughout her body .
tr	I	Nor could he stop himself from leaning over to lick off the sugar at glistening the corner of her mouth .
tr	I	He shut had his eyes , and his lashes cast fine shadows against the curve of his cheekbones .
tr	O	Taranis had once been chosen by faerie to be king , and even now there was power to that old bargain .
tr	I	He split up the group and me kept at his side .
tr	O	Rema refused to make eye contact with the people near her , not wanting to see their looks of disgust at her appearance .
tr	O	His satisfaction pulsed through their link .
tr	O	A fighter 's gym .
tr	O	The white had lent her pale gold hair more color .
tr	O	Jamal Turner was not going to change her mind .
tr	I	The vampire through crashed the window and fell into the darkness beyond .
tr	I	They were younger than the three politicians and dark wore suits , dark glasses , and earpieces , just like you see in the movies .
tr	O	Not Shannen being killed , not his son being injured and disfigured .
tr	I	A flash of pride Razvan lit 's eyes .
tr	I	Four men got out of the van and to began walk over to me .
tr	I	He may have his ruined second 's , but I 'd be damned if I was going to let him take anything away from me anymore .
tr	O	Nearby two cubes were actually solid metal rooms , with thick electrical cables running inside .
tr	O	Ty would let himself be coddled when he was hurting when others couldn 't see .
tr	I	Yes , I believe does it .
tr	I	I attempt to work it loose , trying to avoid kicking the guy in front me of .
tr	O	I 'd once spent a lot of time in here , reading old mysteries .
tr	I	Maybe this will remind you , the man said raising pistol the and pointing it at Tabitha .
tr	O	Charlotte shrieked gaily as she and Oliver joined them , the white-haired man obviously taking the hint of utter silence from Douglas and moving off .
tr	O	Pain shot up into her back and her leg felt paralyzed .
tr	O	How does he stay alive till then ?
tr	O	Jake motioned to Spyder and the two of them returned to the station wagon .
tr	I	I my laced arm around his and dragged him along .
tr	I	You are one the in charge .
tr	I	You , Sir Edward , are only now out setting on your destiny .
tr	O	I 'm not worshipping you .
tr	O	The hallway was clear .
tr	I	She was eager for the child inside to her be born with the same blessed health .
tr	I	That whole house was of full ghosts .
tr	I	I born was a vampire .
tr	O	Had Armand gone down into the earth already ?
tr	O	You 've been working with us for about a year and a half .
tr	I	He crosses the classroom and peeks out the door into the hallway then signals for us enter to .
tr	I	Aluminum cans and cartons cardboard trashed the tall grass .
tr	O	At that moment , Victoria felt rather than saw the tall , dark-haired man and his companion moving from their position under the staircase .
tr	O	And she wanted to call Marla , too .
tr	I	I 've been around plenty of girls , and not of one them has ever made me sweat .
tr	O	They were looking around for him impatiently , walking up and down around the shop .
tr	O	Mandy looked around when she heard his voice .
tr	I	His hand left fisted in her hair .
tr	O	She wanted it , felt it moving within her , rising to follow where the healer 's light led .
tr	I	He realized then that he wasn 't in danger of falling in with love her - he 'd fallen long ago .
tr	O	Very artful maiming , I might add .
tr	I	He held the passenger door her for and she nimbly slid in .
tr	O	They all saw me naked .
tr	I	As if fire had taken the form of light heavenly .
tr	I	You 'd thought have her neatness would make the task easier , but you 'd have been wrong .
tr	O	I could feel the Talent coiled inside , wanting to snap forth and destroy the very thing I was trying to protect .
tr	O	A year ago I would have been on the phone dialing 911 before the corpse even hit the floor .
tr	I	Dimples and freckles ... my two weaknesses - I was starting to wonder if wasn he 't made just for me .
tr	I	Emma watched in horror as the she man 'd been thinking about all day strolled into her bathroom as if he owned it .
tr	I	I gripped at the hem of my shirt as if it weighed a pounds thousand instead of the delicate silk it actually was .
tr	O	So , he grabbed the tankard and forced himself to drink the bitter brew .
tr	O	The boy flopped onto his back without a sound .
tr	I	I talking 'm about Billie .
tr	I	But where to look him for ?
tr	O	Maisie tugs at my arm .
tr	O	But what on earth were you doing out swimming on a day like this ? '
tr	O	I shook my head as if hit by his words .
tr	O	His lips were firm and his kisses hard and desperate with a dangerous edge that stopped just shy of being too rough .
tr	I	Reed slumped his pulling hand free of the locker door .
tr	O	said Boots , without a trace of anger over the earlier cookie incident .
tr	I	For a moment all could she do was stare at him .
tr	O	Better to try to get it all out in the open .
tr	O	Maya gasped , and the three of them turned around , spotting her there .
tr	O	A woman almost ran up to the elevator , pushed the button a few times and stared at the floor indicator , nervously tapping her foot .
tr	I	And by now , I 'd had enough normal to last me the of rest my life .
tr	O	You could end up hating me .
tr	O	What did you do that for ? '
tr	I	Me , think I .
tr	O	Maybe the ancients passed through these gates .
tr	I	Bringing me upstairs to room a , Eva follows with clean linens .
tr	I	It felt so very British wave to a cane and bark at the servants .
tr	O	I want to go with Him .
tr	I	He a was little more relaxed hearing that they knew where she was , until the next call came in less than four minutes later .
tr	O	Veronica was halfway across the room before she realized that Elissa was staring at her strangely .
tr	O	Days later my assistant called and told me that a large package from her was waiting for me back at my office .
tr	O	She was about to go after them when Julian grabbed her forearm and jerked the arrow free of her flesh .
tr	O	I felt wiped out , too many strong emotions , and too many unanswered questions .
tr	I	She was having some sort of reaction to chloroform the , the fear coursing through her , or both .
tr	O	I also found some candles and lit them , placing them around the room .
tr	I	Fate and Karma spent the entirety in a state flux of between complete love and unadulterated hate .
tr	O	Sweat and filth plastered his uniform to his body , his heart hammering in his ears .
tr	O	He asked me to go to the beach and then the Clam Shack .
tr	O	I blink 1,000 times in the blackness .
tr	I	She couldn 't keep just standing there .
tr	I	Dean leaned back against wall the .
tr	O	There would be furious screaming first , of course , followed by obligatory punishment .
tr	I	It was strange indeed how considering well I had advanced my mist acquired power in the past decade .
tr	I	Tessa gave her incredulous an stare .
tr	O	Derek was underestimating me and that would work to his disadvantage .
tr	I	I 't can hear her mind .
tr	I	Dressed in this too short , too tight , and too scratchy suit , I already vulnerable feel .
tr	O	Her sniffles dried up and a little color returned to Kate 's cheeks .
tr	O	I find him sitting on the table with Dallas standing close-by , talking animatedly .
tr	O	Trenton was nothing like I thought he was .
tr	O	His clothing and dark chocolate skin were soiled with blood .
tr	O	she asked on a laughing gasp .
tr	O	Noel had found an empty bed and although his injuries didn 't warrant a hospital stay , his concern for the major overshadowed official protocol .
tr	I	She glanced nervously around .
tr	I	Letting out a sigh relieved , Gee nodded her head in agreement .
tr	O	She passed Daisy the envelope and sat down at the table , fingering Evie 's nappies .
tr	I	That prompted a nervous glance up at the creature fluttery watching over us .
tr	O	A dozen police officers pushed through the crowd at the back .
tr	I	The youth lazily strolled forward to stand next to the fire .
tr	O	Now , after the exchange , any trace of the way things had been required a specialized and intensive study from a trained eye to notice imperfection .
tr	O	What if he was a serial killer ?
tr	O	Tessa heard him come in and undress .
tr	O	Soon I could hear the phone ringing .
tr	O	I was actually ready .
tr	I	The man curled his lip an instant before he changed to tiger a and rushed at them .
tr	O	A third man dressed in a brown hooded cloak asked as he approached from the town carrying a lantern .
tr	O	I saw Jessa first .
tr	I	She didn 't know to how compete .
tr	I	Why he was talking like he knew me ?
tr	O	I knew this would end in tears .
tr	O	' We are wanted in kitchen soon , Marco .
tr	O	The space inside the Hall of Accords had been swiftly reconfigured since the night of the battle .
tr	I	He was afraid of something happened to one the of children .
tr	O	He turned slowly away , his eyes lingering at the now empty bed .
tr	O	That dusted the air and coated my legs and arms and face .
tr	O	Toby struggled to free himself , but the strong white fibers wouldn 't give .
tr	I	Not just body in .
tr	I	Abbi a took deep breath .
tr	I	My Dad taught how me to play the piano , but that was by far the only normal activity he shared with me .
tr	O	Perhaps it needs another season to blossom .
tr	O	I had reached the edge of campus and could see my house just two blocks away .
tr	O	Iseo needed no further encouragement to get out of the kitchen .
tr	O	She couldn 't say with any certainty .
tr	O	He reached in and took the bird from its fold and carefully tucked it in his arms .
tr	O	He reached behind her head and pulled her closer , murmuring against her lips .
tr	I	Set the glass back without down a hitch and faced her .
tr	I	They left the of hardwood the reception and entered the lush carpeting of a wide hallway .
tr	I	Her dark hair looked in mysterious the candlelight , and her eyes seemed to capture the moving flames .
tr	I	Was Howard Douglas aka Right Joseph somehow mixed up in this ?
tr	I	He dribbled again , exhaled deeply , and the tossed ball up .
tr	O	Nobody is ready for death -- especially if it comes like a thief in the night .
tr	O	The answer came almost immediately .
tr	O	What is wrong with you , dude ?
tr	I	She felt her cheeks and forehead up heat , and smacked his arm .
tr	O	He gave her a break alright , paying her five grand to shoot some porn with two random guys he pulled off a corner .
tr	I	Trey hunched back in the seat , tight arms across his chest .
tr	I	She 't wouldn tell her sister either .
tr	O	Yet not quite the same as before .
tr	O	Her dress was demure and she wore her light brown hair in a series of ringlets over her forehead .
tr	I	I mean , he couldn 't staring stop .
tr	O	He gave me another view of those devastating dimples .
tr	O	Suddenly , a second voice sounded in Emily 's head , this one lower in pitch and eerily hypnotic .
tr	O	I snorted , feeling like I was definitely too chicken to be going into the dark with Sarah .
tr	O	For you , it is not there at all .
tr	I	He folds of one her hands into both of his .
tr	I	' I swore oath an , too , ' he replied .
tr	I	She didn 't wish to think of things such .
tr	O	I watched her try to get comfortable for a few seconds , then scooted over , closing the distance between us .
tr	O	' I told her she should talk to her mother .
tr	O	I want equity participation .
tr	I	There will be a HR next round .
tr	O	But at the moment the hobbits noted little but the eyes .
tr	I	Beth in snapped frustration .
tr	I	Nobody have will to suffer pain like mine .
tr	I	Presently , Flattery wiped perspiration from his forehead , studied his gauges to be certain the balance holding was .
tr	I	Her gaze on fixed his .
tr	O	He didn 't know what to respond to that , especially since that had been his intention .
tr	I	What was he supposed to do this with power ?
tr	O	I hold my breath until it feels like my lungs are about to explode before I finally make it outside .
tr	I	Before Doug could protest , she walked over to the wall phone dialed and the mill .
tr	O	A cookie sheet sat on the counter .
tr	O	He 'd been blocked from the time he 'd rolled back into town , as if the choice to move here had come with a hidden cost .
tr	I	Haven sat back her in seat .
tr	O	I have never thought much of anyone 's feelings , except my mother 's .
tr	O	You can see , if you look , with clarity what ails your children .
tr	I	During the weeks after the they funeral simply did not do it much .
tr	O	Everything tilted and spun .
tr	I	I tell him about the beasts tongue and how the rough barbs dragged over my cheek and of foul the smell from its breath .
tr	I	Glancing behind me , I saw was it Fabian .
tr	O	The only thing I can think of is to go to White .
tr	I	And she had look to them in the eyes and lie to them .
tr	I	He was just about to take a step in direction the of where he thought the village lay when suddenly he heard faintly .
tr	I	Did he really look upset that ?
tr	I	It was on the tip of his to tongue deny it .
tr	O	Directly in front of her across the desk was an oval hatch leading into her own private cubby , a space she seldom occupied now .
tr	O	All the predators were gone .
tr	I	The quick shuffle , however , lost him his footing , and soon he spat sand from where he lay .
tr	O	Steve nodded , but he still looked worried .
tr	O	The laughter of the crowd stopped immediately when they saw the black hair on the breast .
tr	O	I wanted to be held tonight , told everything was going to be all right .
tr	I	It wasn like 't him not to respond to her message .
tr	I	That ought he to be thinking of keeping her secure , not held safe in his embrace .
tr	O	Nicolas dropped a hand on her shoulder .
tr	O	Nine days and I thought I remembered everything but I forgot just how beautiful his eyes were .
tr	O	Cassie opened her mouth to protest again , and then snapped it shut as she glared fiercely up at him .
tr	I	Nina asked me pick to something up for her .
tr	I	Left the allowed mausoleum to work as a shield .
tr	I	He felt like just the Immortals that died at the castle .
tr	O	Can you see us ?
tr	I	They used get to together in the basement , do their rites down there .
tr	O	I handed George to Ben and crawled down the ladder .
tr	I	Instead , he crept toward the house while scanning the vicinity signs for of other people .
tr	I	Adri thought much as .
tr	I	I afraid 'm , Prince Xander , you are now King . '
tr	I	The constant speech had given Jam an anchor reality to .
tr	I	Ronan stayed he where was , his body still .
tr	O	Carmine shook his head as he stood .
tr	I	She rolled suddenly , her hand up coming and toward him , a knife slicing fast toward his jugular with deadly accuracy .
tr	O	If they don 't like it then fine we 'll go back to ze drawing board . '
tr	O	Blake informed his pilot that they might need to leave at a moment 's notice .
tr	O	Dante and Danica look over at us as I ´ m sure we look suspicious .
tr	I	He inched up what like felt a millimeter and I felt my lids slowly close in rapture .
tr	I	We all can follow the signal .
tr	I	I 'd an take old geezer with a wife any day , just as long as I got to stay with my pack .
tr	I	I could turn to if mist I fell .
tr	I	He was Challenged daily he and met every Challenge .
tr	I	He couldn 't her tell .
tr	O	And now you 're free of that madman .
tr	I	I strode over to her box jewelry .
tr	O	She leaned in despite that , close enough that he could smell her breath and hear the ancient voices running inside her .
tr	I	Impressed with Calvin 's half the of conversation he listened but minutes later left him and Raphael jabbering .
tr	I	She at looked her friends .
tr	O	But he was present nonetheless .
tr	O	I slowly drew my hand back .
tr	I	A few days later Clare found him in the cafe again and told him she sending was a letter to the family .
tr	O	Amy smiled and flipped the backpack upside down emptying the contents onto the bed .
tr	I	He looked down at chest my and his eyes grew a little heavy .
tr	O	Dennis scanned the pages , recalling as he did the experiences that had prompted their writing .
tr	O	It took my brain a little while to place the words .
tr	O	She glared at him .
tr	I	I heated up enough that I could the feel fire in my cheeks , and spreading .
tr	I	So up caught in them had I been , that I didn 't notice the sudden change in the weather .
tr	I	Ace grinned and opened valise the .
tr	O	Everything felt tingly and sharp .
tr	I	He had a foggy memory of a woman beautiful .
tr	O	Della picked up her empty Diet Coke can and squeezed it into a little ball .
tr	O	Whoever was gazed upon got a good look back .
tr	O	I put my hand on the cool table to steady myself .
tr	I	She 'd loved and me supported no matter how often or hard we fought .
tr	O	As I 'm walking down the hallway , heading back to my room , I feel a wave of dizziness .
tr	I	He leaned up against the wall again next Kaylee to and closed his eyes .
tr	I	Rush rose slowly to his feet then , faced her and placed his hands on her in shoulders a brotherly fashion , his eyes clear .
tr	I	She looked straight ahead for moment a in a sort of stunned daze , then stood .
tr	O	Charged air passed from his skin to mine , shocking me with a crack .
tr	I	Their stabbed barbs through my pants again and again as I pushed Op Nine through the undulating river of their swarming bodies .
tr	I	She felt the loss his of kiss as acutely as she would have felt the loss of a limb .
tr	O	She pleaded with him to take her , to treat her as a man treats a woman - to violate and worship her until the final dawn .
tr	O	Part of some group involved in all sorts of dodgy stuff . '
tr	O	He studied the rose a few minutes .
tr	O	They 'd been together at the Old Home Day events all day and now they were at the dance together .
tr	O	Kaitlin tells him to shut up .
tr	O	From somewhere outside there came a long drawn-out howl of anger and defiance .
tr	I	Stacy her asked cousin .
tr	O	I 'm pretty careful about who I sleep with .
tr	I	Just then , felt Emily a tap on her shoulder .
tr	O	A few drew their weapons and flourished them .
tr	I	My dad laughed , his crinkling eyes in the corners .
tr	I	' And this , ' thought Ransom , ' might be my destination ; hers or . '
tr	O	I 've never seen anything like it .
tr	O	I won 't leave you ! '
tr	I	As Cody returned to his bedroom , I saw the look of pain in 's Casey eyes .
tr	I	She covered his hand with her own trying stop to him from holding her down .
tr	O	I couldn 't bring my arms down , but her focusing our magic outward might have been the only thing keeping our vital parts inside my body .
tr	O	Running down the driveway of the large house next to his , as if she didn 't have a care in the world , was Daisy Rose .
tr	I	His prison cell contained had bars when he was in England .
tr	O	She still owed him a name and an explanation for her presence , and he had work to do .
tr	O	Why did he care ?
tr	I	Woods out looked at the water .
tr	O	Maynard could barely follow her movements from under the wagon as she walked around the camp .
tr	O	The rock that had been used to smash it was lying a few feet away .
tr	I	I swallowed a frog sudden in my throat .
tr	I	Both my XO and chief engineer have expressed doubts about helicopter the pad .
tr	O	What happened when you went to Alabama ?
tr	O	I put my hand out to help him out .
tr	O	I started with the priestess , retracing her known route through the streets .
tr	O	I 'm Elizabeth , Dexter 's wife .
tr	I	That young man was in one of my classes year last , and he had his odd moments then , but he wasn 't as bad .
tr	O	Roger could only see her back if he were to look over .
tr	O	Her eyes are unfocused , unfeeling .
tr	I	He pauses , his then voice takes on a lecturing tone .
tr	O	I could understand Henry , duke of Buckingham 's disbelief and frustration !
tr	O	I looked at my watch .
tr	O	I followed , an arm wrapped around Steve , who was fully conscious now , but too groggy to make a break for freedom .
tr	O	His hands knew the routine and needed no instruction , and his mind was free to meditate .
tr	I	Maybe his luck was at changing last !
tr	I	He pulled me back toward truck the .
tr	I	They passed a few small hamlets and farms on their way towards capital the , but with no money , they decided to fend for themselves .
tr	O	He didn 't have to speak for me to know what he was feeling : fear that he 'd somehow allowed Margot to be hurt .
tr	O	He sat on the edge of his hole to eat .
tr	O	Fingers so cold they burned pressed into his flesh .
tr	O	She brought out a possessive side of him he hadn 't known he had .
tr	O	Darkseid snickered as the two made their way across the burnt and blackened forest floor .
tr	O	Lucy began to reply , then quickly turned her gaze down to the tabletop .
tr	O	It was like ... I was spirit .
tr	O	This was far too tranquil for a war .
tr	O	Although it tore me up inside to meet Brett 's gaze , I had to .
tr	O	Her friend left her to her own demise : to think , to reminisce and to soak in all that had happened .
tr	I	Fresh blood continued to run from mouth her .
tr	I	But 'm I me .
tr	O	She slipped from his grasp and ran past him , sprinting toward the door to get out of the house before he could attack her .
tr	O	But don 't worry .
tr	I	Sure , my husband will be upon frowned for sleeping with a girl almost a third of his age but he 'll look like a conqueror .
tr	O	He kissed my stomach again , the second kiss a bit lower than the first .
tr	I	If were I gay , Willow thought , I could go for Amber .
tr	O	Suddenly he felt himself falling face forward .
tr	O	The glowing sensor bulb at the top seemed like the perfect stand-in mic .
tr	I	Even if it a was bit slimy .
tr	O	They combined with the Arizona group because that was easier than starting another non-profit .
tr	I	We have still stood for too long .
tr	O	If they were gone , they must be dead .
tr	I	I sensed the weakness her in .
tr	O	You asked who I touched .
tr	I	The years had faded the bright paint , just as they had wilted hopes her .
tr	O	The collective groan could be heard all around as the blast from a carved horn of a black ram cut through the night airs .
tr	O	The younger mayflies listened politely .
tr	I	Once this is done , it can 't undone be .
tr	I	Or did he sincerely regret having passed her up in younger his days ?
tr	I	Her suddenly body got still , shoulders stiff , knuckles turning white .
tr	I	The move people toward houses fleeing to their sanctuaries .
tr	O	The sound of rustling papers filled the room as my feet spread some of the drawings that my little girl had left out .
tr	I	Now it was three days before had they to start moving the herd to Tyler for auction .
tr	I	Who was he to think he 'd just become wealthy and never have to worry anything about ever again ?
tr	I	I become had immune to her physical beauty .
tr	I	He should have she realized had an agenda .
tr	I	' She did steal not me away from you - ' ' Liar , liar , pants on fire . '
tr	O	Kelly ran out the back door , excited to be going outside .
tr	I	Outrage flashed across 's Nisha face .
tr	I	I can just let the fury of the water me carry helplessly .
tr	O	She 'd been a willing participant all night long .
tr	I	His wandered eyes down the length of her .
tr	I	' Just a guy who happens to be madly in with love me . '
tr	O	But I can 't change the fact that my dad died before I was born .
tr	O	She knew he was there immediately , even though others didn 't seem aware of his presence .
tr	I	As I one rip away , the others tighten .
tr	O	If he kept looking at the woman next to him like she was ripping his heart out , she was a goner for sure .
tr	O	Indy looked back to see what she was pointing at .
tr	O	He was controlling it !
tr	I	She hesitated , then but slipped her arm through mine .
tr	O	Actions spurred by emotion , unaffected by reason , require much more reflection .
tr	O	They 'd successfully kept their presence a secret for centuries , which was why this new concept of mating with humans was so risky .
tr	I	I 've shown it to no one else ; even Ruth doesn 't know I 've written it you and can 't get anything by Ruth .
tr	I	Thank the good lord couldn she 't see him .
tr	I	Not like ones the I met , though .
tr	I	When father my gets on the phone , I tell him that I 'm at Abe 's and give him directions .
tr	O	I 'd like to apply some things to your face , too .
tr	I	I looked from to her the man .
tr	O	Jeremy seldom had an answer other than that Nate would be the first to know .
tr	I	Lyssa hoping asked she had news of them .
tr	O	While he ate , he watched the people , especially Merry and Briggs .
tr	O	Now I 'm just one of many women who succumbed to him .
tr	I	Big Byte is now inside a hole black orbiting around the planet Neptune .
tr	I	I a was goddamn fighter .
tr	O	Jimmy walked a few more yards forward and came to the edge of a small cliff .
tr	O	Great , thought Amy , looking towards the exit .
tr	I	How strange to hear her say that when she looked young so .
tr	O	Behind every door was an outlaw waiting to be shot down .
tr	I	The appetizer is menu flying out of the kitchen .
tr	I	I walked over their to table with my head down .
tr	O	Nor was there any law enforcement .
tr	I	Often , though I had seen a god myself , I near was to believing that there are no such things .
tr	I	Emma could hear the anger in his voice but didn 't it understand .
tr	I	Which she did , making some excuse Claire didn 't hear , and clattered upstairs her to room .
tr	O	She already knew who it was .
tr	I	I know what I 'm talking about because implemented I the same programs myself and reaped the same rewards .
tr	O	You 'd be better off with a loyal squire .
tr	O	And of course , Trevor was just the person to do it .
tr	I	The clamps fit into place on either side on the inside of tank the .
tr	O	It was around lunchtime , so the cars probably belonged to staff members .
tr	I	Every member of your family have will the same fate .
tr	O	There was no use in delaying the inevitable .
tr	I	That is why writes he , and that is why he loves fiction .
tr	O	A soft laugh lit up the kitchen .
tr	I	His was back rigid as he stared into the darkness .
tr	I	We moaned both at the sensation .
tr	I	June whips her head in direction my , her eyes wide and bloodshot .
tr	O	My mind and body instantly surged with some kind of sick shock and realization .
tr	O	We walked through the station , trying to get out of here before people knew what had happened .
tr	I	She gazed back at the scene , the family laughing a around hearth , holiday decorations glittering in the firelight .
tr	O	Aimee leaned in to the mirror , rubbing a finger under one eye , getting rid of a slight mascara smudge .
tr	I	Just a few framed photos of wolves on the walls , gazing down upon me with human very eyes .
tr	I	I him took to a movie first .
tr	I	It 's a question standard .
tr	I	I start in on a series push-ups of .
tr	O	Curled around his finger was a gold dragon , its tail clasped in its mouth .
tr	O	It was one-sided all the way .
tr	O	I went down to the maintenance mezzanine between decks .
tr	I	He moved into slow a escalation of the kiss , teasing , tantalising , playing for maximum sensation .
tr	O	I twisted around to look at him .
tr	I	My husband the was same as dead .
tr	O	For the first time in as long as I can remember , I feel hope .
tr	O	Author 's Note The very real threat of an EMP attack on the United States motivated me to write this book .
tr	I	Thomas 's parents served 's Charlotte parents in the Institute , and now Thomas serves Charlotte and Henry .
tr	I	Corinne responded with the same heated tenderness , her only way to express her growing love for this wild , man lonely .
tr	I	And 're they probably newly made .
tr	I	He had barely been listening to the prayer , his focus on being quieting Robin .
tr	O	Deeper in the compound , lights blazed in the windows in Vaughn 's office .
tr	I	Spencer had shrugged like she had absolutely no clue , then walked into the night , future her intact .
tr	O	Slowly Cisco came around , the wary look turning into one of interest .
tr	I	He wanted had to explain things to her but finally asked if they could just sit in silence .
tr	I	Archer wanted know to .
tr	O	She murmured something unintelligible , her tone surprised , but I couldn 't stop rubbing , fondling , eating at her lush pink mouth .
tr	O	Knots of thick veins were crudely protruding around his temples and neck .
tr	I	Besides , it the 's boss 's orders .
tr	I	You see , after Javier decided to the restructure cartel , I was sent back to Mexico .
tr	I	He struck fear her into by emphasising the importance of proceeding with extreme haste .
tr	I	Then it leaves and I have second a to myself .
tr	I	Dolores her checked link and smiled at Hunter .
tr	I	They 'd her made realize she couldn 't give up the present .
tr	I	He at stared me .
tr	O	Lainie nodded , absorbing the information but I froze in place .
tr	I	The had husbands arrived .
tr	O	I tiptoed into the living room and turned on a lamp on the end table .
tr	I	The president climbed the stairs back into the plane , camera following lens .
tr	O	But why even leave the hostages alive in the first place ?
tr	O	The wind ripped a few strands of hair from her braid , and she tucked them behind her ears .
tr	I	Garnet held up his to glass his associate .
tr	O	Beside him the card reader beeped and Samuel pushed the door open .
tr	I	Then hands his continue around to my back and for a moment he hesitates , and doesn 't seem certain about what to do .
tr	O	I followed the hall all the way to the end , opened the doors and took a soothing breath before walking into the room .
tr	O	But Jackson stood between them .
tr	O	My eyes flew open .
tr	I	I could think back to a million other instances when Luke done had something to make me happy .
tr	I	After a while Brad lowered paper the .
tr	O	Loved the way he felt ... how he tasted and smelled .
tr	O	Sadly , his father 's demeaning and belittling words were all he heard in his head ; they drowned out the praise directed his way .
tr	I	At least that 's what he told himself as he ran like a maniac the up steps into the hospital housed in the local school .
tr	O	I didn 't want to have to go back and tell my parents what had happened and where I was going .
tr	I	I her asked to send our apologies and say that we would be down in a minute .
tr	I	They wanted to fly you of out the building so that we couldn 't get to you .
tr	O	I can 't believe it .
tr	I	I can 't erase the taste of you or the of feel your skin from my mind .
tr	I	Another car approached and I into got my hitchhiker 's pose , but it just drove on by too .
tr	I	The Renault not was parked on the side street .
tr	O	I was too surprised to move .
tr	I	I him followed into the hallway , Catcher and Jeff at my heels , and then back into the living room .
tr	I	The secondary energy had saved more him than once .
tr	O	But why go through life being miserable ?
tr	O	To him , Sally Ramsay remained a conundrum .
tr	O	It was mind-boggling to think that he could have been brought low in so simple and violent a manner .
tr	I	I found it interesting that the entire group had decided knit to socks for men .
tr	I	You want me kill to something , I 'm your man , but I don 't go patching people up .
tr	O	He was thick and taking his time with her .
tr	O	Beck was in there a few minutes before asking them to help him out .
tr	O	It 's Eve 's brother .
tr	I	Travel all over country the ?
tr	I	My sister was so beautiful that I just gave up and myself let go to seed , so to speak .
tr	I	There is no option other in this room .
tr	I	Iseo wiped her hands on her apron , before taking off it .
tr	I	Matt had been so jealous lately of any guy I spoke to even or looked at .
tr	I	She heaved her suitcase up the top step followed and the group through the double front doors .
tr	I	The noise came from centre the of the earth .
tr	I	You have succeeded Base Administrator , and applaud I your bold tactics .
tr	O	People have got minds of their own .
tr	O	I started thinking about our weekend and how he asked me to give him a chance to trust him and that he wouldn 't hurt me .
tr	I	I do after all the need practice .
tr	O	That was Slug , without a head .
tr	O	She 's silent for a moment .
tr	I	Jason glanced at Kat , who nodded as if him allowing to speak freely .
tr	O	Besides a narrow hole toward its front , there wasn 't any clue to what it was .
tr	I	For some reason he found it easier to center vision his on the girl , Yuriko , as she fiddled with her camera .
tr	I	She sensed she wasn alone 't and turning her head , she realized she was right .
tr	O	Blue eyes were on the screen of his iPad , bright beneath a mop of still damp hair .
tr	O	It didn 't help that she had no clue what she wanted to do after school .
tr	I	It had a dirt floor and bar the was made from a ship 's timber laid across two water barrels .
tr	O	She could knock them senseless with a few heavy books .
tr	I	He had divorce to her .
tr	O	How 's it going ?
tr	O	Oh well , got ta run .
tr	O	Tension , sensual and exhilarating , began to grip every fiber of her being .
tr	O	The tray rose up and sailed through the doorway .
tr	O	I took Gareth and Sue into my studio and showed them the stacks of paperbacks separating the three trays .
tr	I	The only thing she could hear was the soft , constant of chatter birds overhead .
tr	O	All she does is ask about guys and then boast about how much she 's hooking up .
tr	O	Something whispered in the back of my head .
tr	O	He watched as Gregor approached him and braced .
tr	I	He took out a key , unlocking the door for to her enter .
tr	I	He was a such boy , shirtless and sweating , muscles already cording on his tall frame .
tr	I	I slip on my jacket as I step out the onto porch and into the snow .
tr	O	Will groaned and opened his eyes .
tr	O	he asks in disbelief .
tr	I	The talking in dining the room stopped immediately .
tr	O	When I stopped at the light I opened my mouth to say something , her eyes were on me .
tr	O	He broke eye contact and stared at the wall behind her .
tr	I	He shivered , nodded once , and his released grip .
tr	I	He pulled her toward the door and took a large manila out envelope of his briefcase .
tr	O	It was beautiful , just the right design to stand out in a sea of tourist attractions .
tr	I	Not he when showered alone .
tr	I	Her gaze lowered to chest his .
tr	O	They 'd need to make sure Twenty-three was securely confined .
tr	O	It was nothing the rig couldn 't handle .
tr	I	she asked amazement in .
tr	I	I not 'm human to them .
tr	O	Her long , brown hair and elfin face always made her look a little other-worldly .
tr	O	Jane watched as a camera trained in on the picture of her parents being put into the back of a police car .
tr	I	I remembered that I had something to tell her but she retreating was swiftly .
tr	O	Carrie accompanied him to his four-wheel-drive vehicle .
tr	O	I thought about how my family was likely to react .
tr	O	We are no longer part of their world ; they are no part of ours .
tr	I	She grabbed the Mark 's shoulder and rolled him into her on lap his back .
tr	O	Her hands fisted on the urge to reach out .
tr	O	If there was a chance he was still alive , I had to get him help .
tr	I	Gray walls lined with rivets ; even the floor riveted was .
tr	I	Ariana sighed with a smirk saddened .
tr	O	Momma and Daddy never even opened their door .
tr	O	The only other possibility was that whatever or whoever had gathered up his stuff was still in the room and moving around to avoid his search .
tr	I	' It be would a very good idea , Father . '
tr	I	I 'm in a one-room hut by myself , up sewing holes in clothing .
tr	O	And the murder of a seemingly random audience member by the Phantom will not be an act at all .
tr	I	I to want come clean , tell him everything .
tr	I	My jaw quivers , and I it hate .
tr	O	Cautiously , she sat down next to me , tucking her feet underneath her as she smoothed out her skirt .
tr	I	It has a wide collar lace , and the hem falls almost to my ankles .
tr	O	All 's well that ends well .
tr	I	She 'd undone the handcuffs and slipped out of bed two ago hours .
tr	O	All fell silent at the sight of Flattery , except for a few angry mutterings across the pool .
tr	I	Was really she gone ?
tr	O	The muffled growl hadn 't come from me but from the totem in my pocket .
tr	O	He was wearing the same aftershave as he had at the bar , she realized suddenly .
tr	O	Will 's plan was simple .
tr	O	And I still can 't see my hand .
tr	I	I clamped my shut mouth .
tr	I	Not until her dragon had she realized exactly how pleasurable kissing could be , wonderful how .
tr	O	The future is no good .
tr	I	She trudged back indoors and went into the small room just off the where kitchen many of the utility items were stored .
tr	I	She directly ended facing Elena .
tr	I	She turned and glared at him he when chuckled .
tr	O	Mary shrugged at Susan , who followed the procession to her father 's room .
tr	O	Sorry , sorry Justin -- I went out with Marissa last night and apparently she can drink way more than I can .
tr	O	He might no longer be used to wearing a holster but it certainly gave him a feeling of security .
tr	O	Chapter Fourteen The dress demanded to be worn .
tr	I	She wet her lips and her turned face away , hiding from that penetrating emerald gaze .
tr	I	Until that thought hit , she hadn 't realized she 'd been trying to find way a to forgive him .
tr	O	I -- you said you wanted to be friends .
tr	O	That was the project I decided to create for Screen Gems .
tr	I	Flying was the thing only in the world I was good at .
tr	I	How could she deny best her friend when she was obviously so worried about Joseph ?
tr	I	And what about Morgan Therese ?
tr	O	Agent Sterling waited to reply until she was certain she had Lia 's full attention .
tr	I	I the scanned books neatly lined up on Mulberry 's shelves .
tr	I	Surely they are of aware Isis ' state ?
tr	I	She was legal perfectly exactly where she was .
tr	I	The shadows were cool and long and the warm sun and low in the sky .
tr	I	After a moment , he had indecency the to chuckle .
tr	O	He shot towards Lillian 's body .
tr	O	Moisture was pooling between her legs ; warm flutters consumed her belly , stretching and awakening every cell , every organ .
tr	I	He touched his to lips hers , lightly at first , and then more deeply .
tr	I	How can I blame you for feeling something for someone isn who 't me ?
tr	I	Riley Duncan looked at across her the front desk .
tr	O	I 'll make you run laps until you drop if you do .
tr	O	She found her Skechers placed neatly at the foot of her infirmary bed , her keys tied into the laces .
tr	I	I had studying to do , and I wasn 't about to do naked that .
tr	O	The events that followed would remain a blur of varying shades of grey darkness for some time .
tr	O	It would be fairly easy for Paris to overwhelm Jackson with his aura .
tr	O	That night it was cold and windy .
tr	O	He tried to resist .
tr	O	For some inexplicable reason she was in high spirits today , something that hadn 't happened to her in a long time .
tr	O	He picked the same restaurant that Cora had gotten our food from earlier .
tr	I	At the same time , Bonnie saw that Isobel 's were piercings much worse .
tr	O	The afterglow swallowed Alicia completely .
tr	O	He 'd had no choice ; he had to leave .
tr	I	Another bullet -- that was most probably a -- bullet got buried in the fur .
tr	O	She disappears down the aisle before I can protest , so I slowly push the cart on .
tr	I	I 'm enough talking money to take care of all my debts and more to spend on whatever .
tr	I	She her grabbed coat from the back of the chair and backed out of the house without even tying her shoes .
tr	I	They 're of badges honor .
tr	I	I 'm a selfish cow but I can seem 't to help it .
tr	I	We 're all going to gone be .
tr	I	If it was a trap , I had to tread lightly , but I also 't didn have time to stop and worry .
tr	O	Whatever this is , it 's about me not you . '
tr	O	Her face was as familiar to me as my own .
tr	I	Instead wants she to strike him .
tr	I	He kissed hair my .
tr	I	His fingers toyed with her hair , along her scalp , stirring much as heat as his other hand on her hip .
tr	I	I my shook head , put my hands on his chest , looked up at him .
tr	I	And that 's a when fragrant cloud of cinnamon and honey surrounded us .
tr	I	Blue irises take in my black tank shamelessly top .
tr	I	Air started in moving and out of my lungs again and I told her I was fine .
tr	I	Before he reached the landing door , he met up with a neighbor from a couple of down doors .
tr	O	His fists sought out retribution .
tr	I	Don 't get me wrong , I sad was about Sarah but that 's not what I was thinking about .
tr	O	Makes you wonder how much highfalutin business you 'll be doing out of that swanky office if them pictures show up on the news and the Internet .
tr	O	He was frozen in pleasure .
tr	O	' It looks as if I 'm going to have to put on my walking shoes again .
tr	O	Caitlin could feel the heat rise to her face , and without thinking , lunged toward Franz and pulled him away .
tr	I	Then I was relieved that he hadn 't my mentioned mother 's signature .
tr	I	To be specific , I what 'd like the best is knowledge that will aid us in our Quest .
tr	O	I hooked a finger over his top button and tugged him down to meet my mouth .
tr	I	His answer was by accompanied a collective inhalation from the crowd .
tr	I	Jack 's drifted thoughts back to the night of his latest episode as he began writing again .
tr	O	Surely that wasn 't distress she heard in Cole 's voice ?
tr	I	It was like stepping out of a warehouse and a into forest .
tr	O	He reached out and took Bethany 's hands .
tr	I	Her long hair was up piled on top of her head .
tr	O	I 'll be there in about thirty minutes and for about an hour once I 'm there .
tr	O	Sarasvati shook her head .
tr	O	Just then Amica walked back out of the break room , and lead the way out into the main terminal .
tr	I	There was dirt his in mouth .
tr	I	All eyes found them as entered they what had already become a rather crowded gathering .
tr	I	Another man would be afraid that I 'm secrets keeping from him , too .
tr	I	But what should I expect from the Lange De bloodline ?
tr	O	He wondered if she would believe him .
tr	I	She a took deep breath and looked at Detective Lin .
tr	I	Nothing but fear registered on the 's woman face .
tr	O	Was Bryan the one who discovered the affair ?
tr	O	The first bullet shattered the window and the driver slumped forward .
tr	I	He 's horrified see to me !
tr	I	As it was , the decision to give the Horace reluctant a bath had thrown a hitch in their plans .
tr	O	She didn 't reply .
tr	O	It was a little unsettling to him , and he 'd only been dead five years .
tr	I	Jerking back , I rested on my knees and tugged her free shorts from her legs .
tr	O	The light of the sun had awoken Auron .
tr	O	she asks , glancing at my father , and then her eyes land on me and fill with expectancy .
tr	I	With their heads shaven and their stern silent looks , people would often think they were Bale sons 's .
tr	O	I couldn 't stay irritated and angry at Kiran if he continued to stay so damn sexy .
tr	O	Raven hastily wrapped herself in one of his shirts .
tr	O	The two shared a brief exchange in Chinese before the man escorted them to a table .
tr	I	Why try kill to me and then act to save me ?
tr	I	But , despite the tight embrace I asleep fell in , as my mind rose from deep REM , I suddenly felt too much space around me .
tr	O	She looked to the sky and appeared to be listening , then smiled and gave a thumbs-up .
tr	O	She 'd be extra kind and make him breakfast before kicking him to the curb .
tr	I	Was he about to say that really he wanted me ?
tr	O	Such a one had little choice , alliances were all when the elves made war .
tr	I	He that hoped was it .
tr	I	She 't couldn bear to be the instrument of still more .
tr	I	He should 've worked area the , eased into her , taken his time .
tr	O	Work , work , work - She leapt forward , lunging across those smudged markings , and the invisible wall didn 't slap her back down .
tr	O	Is the boy this powerful or is this heightened power only the result of the Shadow Stone ?
tr	O	She giggled again , this time appearing further away .
tr	O	I couldn 't think like that .
tr	I	Most of the people who know where live I are all cool and down for a good time .
tr	I	She now knew more about his home than brothers his did .
tr	I	Plump and juicy strawberries , or even better , Smith Miss biting into said strawberries .
tr	O	When she swerved onto the ramp for the freeway , the whole world stopped .
tr	O	In an instant the left sleeve of Peon 's pretty gray jacket was hanging in ribbons .
tr	I	However , two the ships never stood a chance .
tr	I	These creatures carried on the work of their master former by instinct now , though the terror of their lord had passed away .
tr	O	Nothing more than that .
tr	O	she asked once they 'd cleared a challenging rise .
tr	O	I had just assumed that he would ride with Dante .
tr	O	Why do we scare you ?
tr	O	He 'd brought something out in me I hadn 't known existed , and I didn 't know what to do with it .
tr	O	Had she not already given more than enough ?
tr	I	You will notice , of course , that you cannot practise any of the other virtues long very without bringing this one into play .
tr	O	She lowered her head a notch .
tr	O	I cursed my own sloppiness for a moment before focusing on my attacker again .
tr	O	It was the first step to a new beginning .
tr	I	His heart felt as if it had shot into his and throat lodged there .
tr	O	If he ended up back here , he and Mira would have failed , and who knew what punishments might await ?
tr	O	Remember what the old woman could do ?
tr	O	It was just a nightmare , but then so is the reality I 've awoken to .
tr	O	I would just take him to T.J. Get it all out in the open .
tr	I	As far as he knew , federal air marshals didn 't prowl around public parking lots after dark , looking for cars break to into .
tr	O	are having a hard time living without you .
tr	O	I don 't want my poor brother to have to spend the rest of the evening alone .
tr	I	When the museum director walked in sat and in the visitor 's chair she was elegantly dressed and graceful in her movements .
tr	I	David squeezed her shoulders as they walked out the door front into the cool November air .
tr	O	She felt disoriented and dizzy .
tr	I	I intend to accept Tarn 's offer , but my inclination toward a course of action always plummets in direct correlation to 's someone demand .
tr	O	I turned back towards Ben .
tr	O	He was talking to his wife on his cellular phone .
tr	I	His face unyielding remained .
tr	I	Erin shifted away from Jordan , putting Bathory between and her the wolf , calculating angles .
tr	O	He sensed there was much more to learn .
tr	O	His jaw clenched again .
tr	O	She should be shouting at him because he 'd abandoned her to the fate worse than death that was Monique .
tr	I	The fear danger and haven 't .
tr	I	As a child , Kaitlyn had loved to play up here they when came to visit .
tr	O	Calliope has control over a person 's loyalty , but Ava controls love .
tr	O	They splashed on across the ford .
tr	I	It was why she was always so careful about protection about and taking her pill every day .
tr	I	But she wounded was and exhausted .
tr	I	Why did try you to comfort me ? '
tr	O	For indeed these are your own horses that we ride , as you knew well are you asked , I guess .
tr	O	I 've never intentionally harmed anyone .
tr	I	There was way no she 'd admit it , though .
tr	I	I yell , breaking in down sobs .
tr	I	I could tell she was as crying she buried her face into my neck .
tr	I	I didn 't anything understand about inequality back then , so people trying to get away from other people didn 't make any sense .
tr	I	So , he smiled and nodded and pretended to listen their to conversation .
tr	I	As she had used utensils no , nothing needed to be destroyed because of contamination .
tr	I	Thompson is either a fool of a business manager or 's he out to bankrupt the place .
tr	I	A was girl strapped in a leather harness that was attached to the creature 's broad back .
tr	O	There was no answer .
tr	O	I teetered between silence and confession , knowing I would be spurned , still wanting to try .
tr	O	Even if the Elders could take control of the Gate , the entire Sanctuary would be flooded with the dead by the time they did so .
tr	I	I will go home in your car to repair and adjustments make as they are needed .
tr	O	Worrying ourselves to death wasn 't helping anyone .
tr	O	Alex gets up and walks over to us , sitting on the armrest just behind me .
tr	I	Meyer that realised he had hit the correct note .
tr	I	She rose and herself maneuvered onto crutches before making her way toward the bed .
tr	I	Leaning forward , she him kissed lightly on the mouth .
tr	I	With purpose , Kincaid reinforced the barrier between the two of them the and world .
tr	I	I gulped air some .
tr	O	I won 't have any problems or feel anything , but you 're going to have to live with this for the rest of your life .
tr	I	Emma asks tears as stream down from her eyes .
tr	O	Kiowa got quiet on the line and I 'd thought she 'd disconnected .
tr	I	I rather 'd he saw me naked than this .
tr	I	Society as a whole would condemn Scar and all of the lives , on sides both , for which it claimed .
tr	I	Raja kept his hands up they where could be seen .
tr	O	It was all in the mind , of that much the doctors had managed to convince him .
tr	I	Now though , he was her holding hand gently .
tr	O	I found that out after I started sleeping over at Ethan 's place .
tr	O	There was a moment of time , a heartbeat of silence .
tr	O	I hitched my bag with the six-packs inside .
tr	O	She doubted that he knew she was here .
tr	I	And if Adam is thinking or feeling anything at all about me , he doesn 't it show .
tr	I	Alex 's voice pierces my again mind .
tr	I	I blinked at him the ; look troubled me .
tr	O	He leans down and kisses me gently on the lips , I return it without hesitation .
tr	I	So they decided to move one a at time farther up the hill into a more wooded spot where there was shade .
tr	I	He strained back as as hard he could .
tr	O	As surreal as that seemed , it was the only explanation .
tr	O	I had shown the man at the gate my ID and Social Security card .
tr	I	She kicked Casey 's hand and Casey 's blade fell of out it .
tr	O	On Monday she looked really nervous when she left .
tr	I	I asked immediately them .
tr	I	Hey there , Mike , she thought herself to .
tr	I	His other hand pulls me closer and down runs my back .
tr	O	They were both still grinning when they met up again .
tr	I	Their was conversation cut short by another throat cleared nearby .
tr	O	TIM Let 's find your girl and get this over with .
tr	O	He turned back to Sam .
tr	O	Amber pushed against the shield again .
tr	I	she asked , trying not to care that he been 'd hit .
tr	O	He nods and turns away .
tr	I	Perhaps you should step and back allow them to continue as normal , at least with this . '
tr	O	Slightly over his left shoulder , a band of bright sun burst through thinning clouds , illuminating a swath of brush .
tr	O	His voice is soft so soft so soft .
tr	O	He draws in smoke , then releases it .
tr	O	I barely kept it together .
tr	I	There was no light except for that coming inside from the room .
tr	I	And she realized that she 'd been mistaken in thinking that the changed man like the turning of pages .
tr	I	I do not care you if are older .
tr	I	I trip all the and time there 's nothing fun about it .
tr	O	You need a second at this fight ?
tr	I	After giving the matter a deal great of thought she decided that this wasn 't the case .
tr	I	Oliver held up his hands , face his innocent . '
tr	O	She reached back and guided my arms around to her front .
tr	I	I my laid hand on his arm .
tr	I	He put the schedule back neatly into jacket his .
tr	O	He put the navy first .
tr	I	Yusuf at paused one of them and pushed cautiously at its door , which swung open .
tr	I	Athena barely was through the chains when Enceladus tackled her .
tr	I	Will was concerned and although I think he 's overreacting , it can hurt 't to know for sure .
tr	I	The sharp slap flesh of meeting flesh echoed through the chamber .
tr	I	And knows she what a story mountain is .
tr	O	It 's boxy and gray and not anything special , but I 'm suddenly overwhelmed with curiosity for what I might find inside .
tr	O	Wolves come out every night .
tr	I	Every now and then one dropped , twisting and floating as it to fell the ground .
tr	O	I don 't know how to stop that from happening .
tr	O	At least the one about me .
tr	O	You now have a great responsibility ; fulfill it honorably .
tr	I	We hit the narrow two-lane stretch private of road at breakneck speeds .
tr	O	Mitch frowned and glanced at the band still watching Dave whack the engine with a spanner .
tr	O	Her whole body still hummed and buzzed with desire , but she forced herself past it .
tr	I	He didn 't look too happy about it , even though Miss Maren was his supposedly girlfriend .
tr	O	Obviously Charles hadn 't done his research !
tr	O	Apparently , you can absorb some individual skills of people in this way , but I am not sure .
tr	O	He stopped , crossed his arms and reached to his shoulders , drawing his sword with one hand and flicking a knife with the other .
tr	I	The pointed man at the vanishing carriage .
tr	I	Yet they must known have that gravity was going to pull them back .
tr	I	She placed her hand her over mouth and looked around for some clue to where she was , to plot an escape .
tr	O	I wanted that , and I wanted to be the object of her focus .
tr	I	But they 'd been making love every night and sometimes in the day , for 's heaven sake .
tr	O	A direct hit from a cluster bomb would take out a soldier directly underneath a cover , but neighboring soldiers were protected well from the shrapnel .
tr	I	It 's just that we 're headed out again , and I don 't know when I 'll able be to call .
tr	O	She adds before shooting Ellis a look .
tr	I	Don 't you how understand expensive this procedure is , and how valuable it could be ?
tr	I	She been 'd such a fool to believe him , to have waited for him !
tr	O	Emelia 's foot scraped against the wall as she exited .
tr	I	She looked me at and then into me it seemed .
tr	O	Leon repeated his plan in his head as he inched backward , his heart knocking against his ribcage .
tr	I	The anger loses its stronghold as his lips tease sensitive the curve of my ear .
tr	O	Men who will rise up against the status quo for no other reason , sometimes , than that they have nothing better to do .
tr	O	She would have to report it .
tr	I	But with me blindfolded , there be would no reason to .
tr	I	They nodded him to .
tr	I	Moms , of course , well know the shortest route to the in bathroom every familiar store .
tr	I	Would he have backed out of picking me if up he had been home ?
tr	I	In some ways it worse was than everything else .
tr	O	With a cry of delight , she vanished with the demon in tow .
tr	O	We 're not the only ones trashed .
tr	O	He passed it on as tactfully as he could , and lay back peacefully .
tr	I	I mean , you all left day yesterday .
tr	O	Then one day , she 'll probably blame me .
tr	I	And it 's easy so .
tr	I	Listen , I 've only about got thirty seconds but have a quick question .
tr	O	He was wearing a loose t-shirt and a pair of athletic shorts , his version of pajamas .
tr	O	I wrapped my jacket around myself , shivering already as we walked to the car .
tr	O	Two dead bodies in two days .
tr	O	Maybe Steve was pulling into a truck stop to get gas .
tr	I	And , most of all , he wanted to know what it was about her that made him feel she could be a danger to all them .
tr	O	Her lids slowly lifted .
tr	O	The hungry look in his eyes made it hard for her to speak .
tr	I	I asked her to hold the umbrella as I picked her up in my arms and carried her to the Rover Range .
tr	O	Winston pushed the sensation away from his consciousness and retrieved the backpack .
tr	I	I try not to about think those people at the camp , cupped in a bowl of land , trapped .
tr	I	Can 't let it get out that sword , he thought , scrambling his to feet and ramming his knife into the creature 's thigh .
tr	O	But Damiano had been adamant about his views and feelings towards Kathleen .
tr	O	The cliché here is to do so in a hot bath .
tr	O	Grief was something to endure , it was something to grow and learn from , and I was starting to realize this .
tr	I	She darted through the group and by stood the landing .
tr	O	It wasn 't easy , but I had help , and in the end I learned a lot .
tr	O	The rear of his foundry had an excavated circular furnace and a massive set of bellows that fed it air .
tr	I	But I have be to in control .
tr	O	I held her and took a deep breath .
tr	O	She bent down and grabbed her keys off the coffee table , then headed for the door .
tr	O	Her stomach was clenched in knots , and she couldn 't dispel the feeling of death and violence from her soul .
tr	O	And then she rinses it with water from a small pitcher .
tr	I	Her daughter scrambled to a position sitting .
tr	O	We all know it .
tr	I	You are to spar with other no man .
tr	O	I walked around the back of the vehicle and grabbed the handle , but stopped before getting in .
tr	O	They watched the same newscast , sharing it together , neither saying more than ten words .
tr	O	I raise my eyebrows at Layla whose eyes are jumping back and forth between Ryan and I .
tr	I	I shook head my at him and then looked back at the girl .
tr	I	The clerk stood , sniffed and wiped his nose his with sleeve .
tr	I	This plan did sound not good to me .
tr	I	Stunned , Alex stumbled back , boots her tangling , and she let go of a startled , involuntary yip .
tr	I	Things are different with people you .
tr	O	Because they needed to clear the air between them before anything else happened .
tr	O	From the beginning , you told me you didn 't do cuddling .
tr	I	I met him this afternoon in the when Sandbar I spilled a Bloody Mary on his shirt .
tr	O	Get off my land .
tr	O	His father had told him not to leave the house .
tr	I	Very gently Corinne attempted to guide Lisa 's over hand the small mound of her stomach .
tr	O	He crossed over and joined her in the inner ring .
tr	O	Echo wasn 't sure what to think .
tr	O	The elevator doors slid open , and I laughed at him over my shoulder as I exited .
tr	O	He lifted me gently and stood , then placed me back down on the chair .
tr	I	I had to make the most of this opportunity and not my waste time worrying about whether or not my colleagues liked me .
tr	O	She groaned into his mouth and his h * ps thrust again , determined to give them both release .
tr	O	Cole rubbed a hand across the back of his neck .
tr	I	There were a few characters understood she , a few dozen ancient words , a handful of symbols .
tr	O	Do you remember me ?
tr	O	I 'm hoping I can be convincing enough to get my friend to dig into the database without raising a red flag .
tr	O	Now don 't go rolling in the dirt .
tr	I	Heavy magic swirled around the room and my made chest thump like I was too close to an amp at a rock concert .
tr	O	Edward just looked at him , impressing Andrew with his total lack of guile .
tr	O	A great white ball crashed into her , and pain exploded on her side as she hit the ground .
tr	I	So Moist did , ducking under the long arms .
tr	I	Eb de Lange was still breathing , unconscious , though certainly dead not .
tr	I	She scooped the up pug for good measure and petted his head .
tr	I	Not until reestablished he some boundaries .
tr	I	The grew sounds louder and more distinct .
tr	I	' Blue lights helped , as the did sound of water .
tr	O	I believe you had one yesterday too .
tr	O	My heart melted a little .
tr	O	Ham had gone into one of the coaches .
tr	I	What if one I day wake up and she 's gone ?
tr	I	I knew it wasn 't pretty , but it the did job .
tr	O	Chuck refused to come with us to the entrance .
tr	O	Timmy finally asked Paul .
tr	O	The hospital was a big white mansion with impressive columns , looking more like someone 's house than a mental institution .
tr	I	If the earth could have swallowed her whole right at that moment she would have jumped gladly in .
tr	O	He thought he was home free .
tr	I	And one the before that .
tr	I	The last thing I remember is listening to breathe Jesse .
tr	O	There was a flurry of movement inside , and the van rocked on its springs .
tr	O	Paul reached for his large towel and wrapped it around him .
tr	I	I also offered to buy a round of morning Bloody Marys , which went a long way to further goodwill and worsen others the ' game play .
tr	I	Then eyes his moved through the room .
tr	I	Jamie not did respond .
tr	O	She pouted angrily but flew back , looking worried and Jared stepped through , the door closing behind him .
tr	I	Veronica hadn 't answered the one question Prue her wanted to answer the most .
tr	I	His teasing fingers and making her cry out in pleasure .
tr	O	She even allowed a small laugh to escape her lips at this imprudent idea .
tr	O	His tone turned serious .
tr	I	Moon was holding all cards the .
tr	I	He really to wanted help find the person who had driven Andy to suicide .
tr	O	From outside his room , a person practically had to lie down and stare under the door to see any sign of it .
tr	I	Simon with was them .
tr	I	They survive on herbs they all collect from the jungle sell and it to a cooperative in the district town .
tr	O	replied Nomi 's mother .
tr	O	But you were certain it was Lord Loss , the voice inside my head says , the first time for ages that it 's spoken .
tr	O	I wondered who would need mirrors in a place like this .
tr	I	I remained somewhat touch in with the outside world through radio and listened as conditions grew grimmer by the day .
tr	I	It 't wasn you .
tr	I	He seemed delighted to be telling her something didn she 't know .
tr	O	Was the man in front of her telling the truth , or was it just a lie to get the items .
tr	O	It was a smooth clipped lawn with a fence and a doghouse .
tr	O	If you give her too much , she 'll become addicted to sugar , and she won 't be interested in anything else .
tr	I	It was boy his , she was having his boy and they would both admire the baby , plan his future .
tr	O	He pointed to his ruddy cheek .
tr	O	Andra reached for Paul 's arm to steady herself .
tr	I	Talking all the time gentle in tones , he slowly approached the horse and managed to pick up the trailing reins .
tr	I	She 'd been married sixteen years and left he her this place .
tr	O	The clothing she was wearing could easily have cost Julio three harvests ' worth of pay !
tr	O	She couldn 't tell if he was approving , disapproving , or neutral on the subject .
tr	I	I incredulously twisted from side to side to catch every angle .
tr	I	And yet , at the same time , his gentle were caresses incredibly soothing .
tr	O	Vicki had to nod .
tr	O	They were silent for a while , staring at their empty place settings .
tr	O	Joel ran , Talbot ran , Joel 's wife was in the support group , and she was short .
tr	O	She makes Connor do his own laundry too .
tr	I	They 're a married couple , nice enough , but I felt I like was cramping their style .
tr	O	I called your references .
tr	O	His fur gleamed as if it had just been brushed , and he was wearing a big red collar .
tr	O	I look over at his plate .
tr	I	It was as if booming the sound that ensued was alive and trying to tear Matthew 's eardrums , because he quickly blocked his own ears .
tr	I	There was amusement in voice her .
tr	I	And Sloane freezing was .
tr	O	Hour after hour dragged by ... I 've gotten turned around somehow .
tr	O	Keep in touch , Scarlet said .
tr	O	But the point is , very rarely does anyone do anything to repair the damage they do .
tr	I	Though the words were harsh and clipped , Jenna didn 't from flinch the truth of them .
tr	O	I want to get lost in him .
tr	O	Cesar held up his hand .
tr	I	She turned back to sandwich her .
tr	I	There was a of line Enforce being pushed back by a thirty or forty strong rabble armed with broken bricks and other choice pieces of masonry .
tr	I	He knew he needed keep to them talking or distracted so they couldn 't hear what he was doing .
tr	O	Six suspects , five of whom are dead , and a hostage shot twice .
tr	O	They reached the cafeteria doors as Melissa came strolling around the corner , her books held tight against her chest .
tr	O	Robin 's voice in the recording sounds shamelessly seductive .
tr	O	If he was trying to freak me out , he succeeded , and I knew he would hear the terror in my cracking voice .
tr	O	Captain Ken Hilton is my aide 's brother .
tr	I	He never would have accepted what 'd he become .
tr	O	She clenched her jaw and glared down at him .
tr	I	She shook legs her alive and pulled out her comm , attempting to call the others .
tr	O	An ornate wooden comb , fixed behind her bun in the Spanish fashion , added a few inches to her already tall figure .
tr	I	He did not to intend leave a young boy in the monsters ' lair .
tr	I	You kicked dog her . '
tr	I	What if gunman the had bad aim or sneezed as he pulled the trigger ?
tr	I	This some is elaborate set-up .
tr	I	You have successfully an implanted organism in a young boy .
tr	I	The sunlight overhead was like a bolt of shimmering cloth , so thick and brilliant it seemed that could he run right up it to the yard .
tr	O	The time traveling stones were safely tucked away in the Keep and couldn 't have been responsible for their travels .
tr	O	I ask , unable to stop myself .
tr	O	Joe wasn 't sure why he lied .
tr	O	I grabbed for them , but my balance was off , and I was slow .
tr	O	The girl has been safely returned to her family , and the diplomat is extremely pleased .
tr	I	The squawk of the radio made jump her .
tr	O	Stuart chuckled took a sip and watched as a familiar figure strode into view .
tr	I	I said curtly , struggling to hide the anxious in impatience my voice .
tr	O	Did he get them drunk ?
tr	I	He the grabs ketchup and squirts it on his plate .
tr	O	That was all I took from the house .
tr	O	I see now I was wrong .
tr	O	The pack of villagers behind had fallen to all fours and were moving in a strange lope .
tr	O	A loud thud indicated that I was free from the first room ; I turned to see the door open .
tr	O	There is a door up there , but it is really thick .
tr	I	I took that my as cue to explain .
tr	O	It was Dan the security man from the Fairbanks building .
tr	I	Just then , Danny 's ball hit the bull 's eye - and Hawk splashed down into the water .
tr	O	We should test your powers .
tr	I	He was walking forward to another little alcove in carved the rock .
tr	O	She jokingly aimed the hose in his direction .
tr	I	They all cautiously nodded .
tr	I	Doesn mean 't I don 't believe it won 't eventually work in the end .
tr	O	Tomorrow morning , during the Watermelon Festival parade you may have a chance to chat with Hettie about things .
tr	I	None of them lived through the fear of the Countdown , none of them woke wondering if day this might be their last .
tr	O	How else could he begin to understand her ?
tr	O	She threw her arms around him .
tr	O	He wrapped a towel around her , giving her a quick , cursory dry before he picked her up again and brought her into their bedroom .
tr	I	She good had taste .
tr	I	Birds from rose the trees in panic . '
tr	I	If he was watching , if he came after her ... no , she had to act though as she was totally impervious to his presence .
tr	I	Maybe I picked 'd a lot of locks in the last few days , but the scamming days were truly gone for me .
tr	I	Again , Dianna jumped and off raced toward the cabin before the bike 's tires had completely stopped spinning .
tr	I	The snake had worked in the hall and knew of many the finer points of its security system .
tr	I	I motioned with free my hand to a line of customers waiting for their coffee orders to be filled .
tr	O	Verity was not unhappy to see them go .
tr	O	' Let 's go . '
tr	O	Jenny could see again , and she saw that the dark mist was gathering itself , coalescing .
tr	O	It feels like it was caught in a mousetrap . '
tr	O	Hundreds of little white worms were wiggling through the potatoes and eggs .
tr	O	After a few moments of stasis , the tendrils of incense that left the device clung to the priest 's hand and sleeve .
tr	O	I know that the people of your world are fighters .
tr	I	I hefted them a couple of to blocks the clothing drop-off box .
tr	I	We walk leisurely the down beach and I stare up at him .
tr	I	Her admission , spoken without thinking , made want her to cringe in embarrassment .
tr	O	As soon as Reuben could keep some food down , Celeste brought him minestrone soup from North Beach .
tr	I	It wasn 't what she had anticipated when she took out her nervous energy on the paper , it but was what happened .
tr	I	It was trying like to move a large tree trunk .
tr	I	And yet I 't didn want to never see him again , either .
tr	I	I screamed again one and of the black things started to go down my throat .
tr	I	He could had have her last night .
tr	O	Tick looked over at her , wishing he could see her face .
tr	O	Secrets that he would take to the grave .
tr	O	They both were gulping in huge quantities of air .
tr	O	From behind them came a protesting whine of feedback .
tr	I	He his shook head slowly .
tr	I	I watch the boy he as approaches the stage .
tr	O	He spoke over her comment .
tr	I	Terror her clogged throat as she scrambled to her feet .
tr	O	He looked at me for a long time before he began .
tr	I	Capital planet Talon is .
tr	I	Well , was so he , she supposed .
tr	O	If only Susan had been there to hear it .
tr	I	His heart was black , rotten to the with core evil deeds and disgusting impulses .
tr	I	The fox disappeared , moving out of Perry 's of line sight .
tr	O	Lush , thick carpet was beneath our feet .
tr	O	Right now she thought she could see something flickering far back in his eyes , like a twisting blue flame in their depths .
tr	I	When the fiery red disappeared sun behind them and night fell , the thin desert air started shedding the heat and the temperature started plummeting .
tr	I	Because told you him to do it , fool .
tr	I	But now I see can he be as emotional as any normal person .
tr	O	I dedicated how much time and money to you , and you just walk out on me .
tr	I	Ciara was quite glad that got she a nice reaction from ' the toughest student in the whole school ' .
tr	I	She couldn 't wait to go home to process everything that had happened school in .
tr	O	He becomes aware of something else in this ocean , some other presence .
tr	I	If there is another attack on the shelter , I bring will back more people the next time I come here .
tr	I	I never lost got .
tr	I	The old man 's face was filled with amusement contemptuous .
tr	O	Guess I better head to the back door too , then .
tr	O	I 'll put you outside the gate , and for the rest of your life you 'll know that you left your brother and friends behind .
tr	I	Men in the same gray uniforms here went or there , or sat or lay where they were , looking at him .
tr	O	A shiver ran down her spine when she thought about the power that had been available to her a few moments earlier .
tr	I	Henry was sitting on top of the sturdy and man reached inside his jacket for his handcuffs .
tr	I	The roads in this section of city the were all paved .
tr	I	He took her hand and toyed with tips the of her fingers as if they knew each other much better than they did .
tr	O	The Amber Eye was all those things and more according to legend .
tr	I	Susan asked with grin a .
tr	I	She was upset so that there was no telling what she might spout off .
tr	I	Would you like to accompany me upstairs for a cold while drink I fax the letter ? '
tr	O	Jordan nodded towards the adjacent table .
tr	O	I told Francesca something was wrong with the doctor .
tr	I	I thought of Daniel for a second and I figured that he knew what going was on .
tr	I	The more I heard , more the curious it seemed .
tr	O	It didn 't take long for their new reality to set in .
tr	I	Her pale icy blue twinkled eyes knowing she could affect Boone .
tr	O	I cried out in a push of air , knowing he expected an answer .
tr	I	Have yacht his searched for a woman .
tr	I	No one seemed notice to how he was feeling .
tr	I	It a was filing card the size of a toe tag .
tr	O	And , I dearly loved my aunt Minerva , a very wise , artistic woman who also had her fun-loving side .
tr	O	You need to work on your paranoia , Darren .
tr	O	She didn 't want to read too much into that information .
tr	I	I begged her take to me out .
tr	O	A tall , regal faery stepped out into the snow .
tr	I	It said forever that might not come for us .
tr	O	Sam narrowed his eyes .
tr	I	That 's why the retreating soldiers were down cut .
tr	O	She 'd probably even send something to William just because .
tr	O	I pressed myself as close to the door as possible and pulled out the medallion .
tr	I	It the is sad truth .
tr	I	She smirked right back , lifting eyebrow an .
tr	I	Code : There 's nothing can you do .
tr	I	He placed a hand on my arm and this time was it no accident .
tr	O	I had to find out from someone else ?
tr	I	We have to let it stand few a hours , so the branches rest .
tr	O	I sat there in the bed for a second or so , savoring the conclusion to the best sleep I 'd had since starting this mission .
tr	O	If they already know it , then at least you 've done your civic duty .
tr	O	From Aristotle to Newton , from Einstein to modern theories of everything , there is a constant improvement of theory and observation .
tr	I	I know how toxic it can to be bottle everything up inside .
tr	O	It took a great deal of effort for me to keep control of myself .
tr	I	There was no one else at the bus stop , so his question unanswered went .
tr	O	There weren 't any spots in her family and no one sucked blood .
tr	O	The man who was holding his head crashed and blundered forward .
tr	O	She looked at me in confusion .
tr	O	I looked down at Ben , whose skin was now pale with several dark veins flowing all over him .
tr	I	Brittle leaves clashed together in ominous an dance , the snow that had covered them sprinkling to the ground as limbs slapped and shook .
tr	O	She didn 't just shut up , she went totally quiet .
tr	I	He was to easy identify as he walked into the front porch lights .
tr	O	He had never been so happy in his entire life .
tr	O	I watched him , wondering if he understood what the heck she was saying .
tr	O	It made me hate affectionate terms and affection in general .
tr	O	Barnabas had been gone when they had got there .
tr	O	Though I still didn 't really understand .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop thinking about Ellery and what her reaction is going to be when Camille shows up at her apartment with dresses the .
tr	O	But the demons from that actual night still remain safely locked in their steel trap , which I am grateful for .
tr	I	Walker laughed we as came up from under the water .
tr	I	She had always appreciated that about him , but for some it reason was difficult to hear .
tr	I	She sat back and Rob she knew was thinking all the thoughts he 'd wanted her to avoid .
tr	I	Also , he was in a horrid regarding state the contraband photos .
tr	I	He also found three bodies inside the when room he dropped his seven passengers .
tr	I	When the came time , whenever that might be , she 'd break the news to him .
tr	O	The fact that Grayson knew my mother 's name set off tornado sirens in my head , but I didn 't know what they meant .
tr	I	With her memories back , she couldn 't stop the overwhelming that emotions came with them .
tr	O	Jail was better than home .
tr	I	Daniel nodded to Nick , closed eyes his , stiffened his right leg , and tilted .
tr	O	I appreciated the compliment , although it was a bit strange coming from him .
tr	O	I saw the base getting set up .
tr	O	he asked desperate to move to the next step .
tr	O	He 'd tried to convince Candace she deserved a man who wouldn 't be scarred for life , but Candace didn 't care about his scars .
tr	I	Lido shook head his .
tr	I	You never say mother my 's name in my presence .
tr	I	I knew that I would the hold information .
tr	O	A good rule of thumb for life 's little miseries .
tr	O	Darcie gave me a big thumbs up as I passed the library on my way to Smith 's office .
tr	I	She was thrown being from side to side .
tr	I	She to began worry about infection .
tr	O	I couldn 't breathe .
tr	O	Dad waved his hand .
tr	O	She stared directly at him .
tr	O	Jim was still out of breath .
tr	O	He 'd forgotten about the fees even though it was all explained to him in his training back on Earth .
tr	I	Exhausted from everything that had happened in the last twenty-four hours , I just to wanted sleep .
tr	I	His chest started to pound with anxiety fear and as the beige coloured walls seemingly turned black and crept slowly towards him with silent menace .
tr	O	These men infiltrated the Clan , got into a position of such high trust that they were in your home .
tr	O	Husbands were made to be talked to .
tr	O	All eyes shifted to Jason .
tr	O	Bryan jumped up to follow and knocked over the table lamp .
tr	O	She squinted into the distance .
tr	O	Serial Killer and Chef .
tr	O	There ´ s a large metallic circular door to our left .
tr	I	Steve up stood and looked in the mirror .
tr	I	So we straight went to the plane entrance .
tr	O	What if people really did lie down on the couch ?
tr	I	Seriously , James really does it me for .
tr	O	They were Willow 's .
tr	I	Suddenly the sensation horrible of being trapped in an unfurling and inescapable destiny beat at her brain .
tr	I	I don 't know if it was water the or possibly something in the cave that ignited it .
tr	I	So , she might be getting somewhere , but wasn it 't doing her any good .
tr	I	Although she 'd walking begun better , the drive had stiffened her muscles .
tr	I	One destined to drift through life and actually never arrive anywhere . '
tr	O	But Phineas 's words gripped her hard .
tr	O	And eventually she would prove to this town that a woman could be a single mother and an upstanding citizen .
tr	I	It 's why he to crumbled shadow .
tr	O	The notion made him chuckle to himself .
tr	O	But when I moved to the side of the grave , he and Jacob moved with me .
tr	O	Slightly perplexed , the investigators tailed him , curious expressions splashed across their faces .
tr	O	I saw the van and the driver again earlier today , and he got really nasty with me .
tr	I	She turns and him gives a small smile .
tr	I	He called it the very antithesis romance of .
tr	I	Her throat cracked and the pause provided the break she needed for the tears spill to .
tr	O	Would they have to hear that their parents were splitting up ?
tr	I	She said a with soft smile .
tr	O	Of course he wanted to live in America !
tr	O	Lola tugged at her leash and Charles let go .
tr	O	By the time I reached safety , in the form of an all-night convenience store , the sky had lightened into a dull gray .
tr	O	Never needing to share even the simplest of things .
tr	O	Chapter 29 Kenny closed his eyes and let go with his hands .
tr	O	She 'd thought she 'd awaken this morning in Liam 's arms .
tr	O	It 's not like I have to go to work in the morning .
tr	I	Bennett reached his out hand .
tr	O	Everyone had been talking about how great it was .
tr	I	They realized our fleet of ships was just above the Earth s ´ atmosphere .
tr	O	Backing him into a corner and demanding sex had only thickened the walls between them .
tr	I	You took it into your head to in meddle the investigation into Matthew Voss 's death , and now a young woman 's dead .
tr	I	She 'd known her chances of catching Thomas Dancy at the school this late in afternoon the weren 't good .
tr	O	She shoves the iPad in front of our faces , and starts flipping the ' pages ' .
tr	O	There were so many things she needed to discuss with Mimi , but she didn 't even know where to begin .
tr	I	But I 'm afraid I very had little selection in the matter .
tr	I	Without them , life becomes pointless -- a mere accident in an infinite soup molecules of called the universe .
tr	O	You did read the pamphlet , didn 't you ? '
tr	I	I at looked Genevieve in horror .
tr	I	His lips brushed against the skin of her breast his before tongue softly caressed her nipple .
tr	O	While people greeted Davis , he didn 't stop to talk to anyone else .
tr	O	When I opened the car door , I smelled cotton candy and French fries .
tr	O	Can I sit here ?
tr	I	She didn 't mind the rain so much as she hated the nasty that mud seemed to accumulate in the city streets .
tr	O	What the hell is this place ?
tr	O	He could only carry the ball ten steps and had already used six .
tr	O	A.J. immediately went after him , reaching out and taking his arm .
tr	I	Father and daughter spoke through animatedly dinner .
tr	O	I didn 't know if she was joking or not , so I laughed , or tried to .
tr	I	Kathy had almost to avert her eyes to protect her vision .
tr	O	' Then perhaps it will return to you . '
tr	I	It was enough to make him think he 'd made wrong the decision .
tr	I	He 'd never particularly been fond of the company of others in large numbers .
tr	O	She really didn 't know what to think about the exchange of looks that flew before her .
tr	O	He didn 't move .
tr	O	Lash was probably no different .
tr	O	His statement was true .
tr	I	It couldn be 't the same person .
tr	I	Did you know that he 't doesn even want children ?
tr	I	Grace didn 't say anything , she merely raised an eyebrow carried and on chewing .
tr	O	I needed to talk to someone from the outside world .
tr	O	Frank placed a remnant of porch flooring under the bell and they skidded the object along the ground to the truck .
tr	O	And he had a miraculous healing to back it up .
tr	O	She knew what he was talking about .
tr	I	Having a pattern that says you 're one when thing you 're not .
tr	O	Every inch of his body was coated with sweat .
tr	O	It is easier to beg forgiveness than ask permission .
tr	O	The fit was perfect .
tr	I	But he had shared no of suspicions a serious threat .
tr	O	He walked out of the master suite and down the hall into the study .
tr	I	I used that again word .
tr	O	But what have you been doing all week ? '
tr	I	She carries her shoulders higher , exuding positivity in her movements and her eyes that the reflect sunlight .
tr	O	And on top of that , Alex didn 't much care for the idea of getting fat .
tr	O	And this is the altar , where the priest performs the Eucharist .
tr	I	Darcy got the impression he wanted her to say something else , but 't wasn sure what he wanted to hear .
tr	O	I swallowed past the lump in my throat , loving him more in that moment than I ever had .
tr	I	He grabs my face between his hands and his skin is scorching as presses he hard .
tr	I	Maybe it was a wrong number and it stop would .
tr	I	Given she that had a mixture of my blood and sweat all over her , I didn 't argue .
tr	I	Fuller agreed that Chinese the colonel was blowing smoke up their asses , but they needed to know how to handle the other units .
tr	I	Do you know happens what now ?
tr	I	They me took in , hid me from the Empire .
tr	O	I never would have thought construction would be my thing but it was fun , aside from the fact that my forearms are killing me .
tr	O	This guy sounded heavy duty .
tr	I	The housekeeper will deal them with .
tr	O	Concentrate on that air , on that space , and imagine a door opening .
tr	I	He back turned around .
tr	O	She looked over at her brother .
tr	O	And what does that have to do with me ?
tr	I	Cora and I got there early , but not early to enough get a seat in the front .
tr	I	Below the grime , my face was from red indignation and a little bit of anger .
tr	O	And though he warned himself to be wary , he knew that something between them had shifted tonight .
tr	I	I sighed , out looking the window .
tr	I	The woman was sitting behind a small table holding a box cash .
tr	O	There 's an old mine there and a pretty small town about thirty miles north of the mine .
tr	O	His best friend had been a boy named Joey .
tr	O	Each glide sent her hair rippling , sent his pulse pounding through him with memories of having that body move against him with the same grace .
tr	O	He groaned and crushed her lips .
tr	I	I looked at my watch , then poured a myself glass of water and waited in the chair , humming and looking at the skyline .
tr	I	It was courageous , even though his might intention have been in the wrong place .
tr	I	Beside was him another body .
tr	I	Clarence grabbed Lee arm 's to steer him into another row of trees .
tr	I	After introductions had been the made Commander asked for an update .
tr	I	Dare rolled eyes his .
tr	O	Then , there had been some land on the other side of the river , a few feet of bank on the other side to stand on .
tr	O	Taking in where I 'm sitting , Figuring out which is the farthest seat away from me that 's still available .
tr	O	He warned her not to mix the meds with booze but she knew for a fact that people did it all the time .
tr	O	However there are many strings of events and occurrences that do matter and they all intertwine and weave together to form the fabric of history .
tr	O	She couldn 't be comfortable , but her eyes remained closed , even as the floor creaked under his weight .
tr	O	The professional soldiers , with their tall , broad shields , helmets , and chainmail shirts whould advance first .
tr	I	What he was thinking ?
tr	I	I know what mean you .
tr	I	A set of bloody tracks marked brown a path down the yellow rug .
tr	O	He is short boy , around my height , jolly and round with grey brown hair , a cute pug nose and a plump face .
tr	I	Julie started to feel something that she thought was happy as she placed plates their on the table .
tr	I	My palms pressed in as they roamed up , her prominent ribs where I caressed them with my firm hands .
tr	O	Storm blocking it out .
tr	O	There are eyewitnesses , there 's a video of you on the scene ... it doesn 't look very good .
tr	I	Sure , but it had never occurred me to he 'd actually do it .
tr	O	The demons screamed and snapped , but every inch he gained , he shoved the table toward them , keeping the barrier in place .
tr	O	Clean linens , and sometimes , if they were lucky , fresh food was stocked in the refrigerator .
tr	O	He told his love story , his school sweet heart .
tr	O	She snarls as if she 's anything but .
tr	I	I think she delivers the teeth somewhere and gets a of percentage the money .
tr	O	He shifted slightly , still offering the water .
tr	I	I aware am of the cool , damp atmosphere surrounding me .
tr	O	She felt naughty and wanton , a wild woman in his arms .
tr	O	He 'd become close friends with these men in a short period of time .
tr	I	I can no longer or inhale exhale .
tr	I	His lingered gaze on her lips .
tr	I	Marlon Bean lifted a in hand greeting , as did Vince Howe .
tr	I	Maggie blushed , this time she turned red beet .
tr	O	Not unless you have all the ... you know .
tr	I	The screeching continued , and suddenly found he himself screaming back at it .
tr	O	At each collision , even small , she felt a sting : she felt like she was seeing parts of her life being shattered .
tr	I	Maybe was it only that Rowan didn 't look annoyed , or sealed off .
tr	I	She pushed through the layers of fog , desperate to wake up and make her way to safety before roof the caved in on top of her .
tr	O	She tried to swat his kisses away , but she ruined it with a giggle .
tr	I	Zack 's clenched hands into fists .
tr	I	Theirs the is moon , and her power shines through them .
tr	O	She had the best laugh her side of the Mississippi and was the most adventurous girl I 'd ever known .
tr	I	Only to lose it all the next very day !
tr	O	Chris vividly remembered her first encounter with Page .
tr	I	Dane shouted , furiously absolutely angry .
tr	O	Her eyes darted to the knife under her bag .
tr	O	He released her as if she had burned him , then began to laugh himself .
tr	O	The doctors are in there , and they 'll get her sewn up .
tr	I	He could remove forcibly me .
tr	I	Before she had chance a to catch her breath , his mouth was on hers .
tr	O	Urban because it takes place in a city .
tr	O	Helen stood back and Simon 's hand dropped to his side .
tr	I	The is audience still applauding .
tr	I	He lit the while candle I stood there in awe of what my crazy , yet amazing , boyfriend was doing .
tr	I	Anger flashed hot as an iron and Bennett 's features into turned a scowl .
tr	O	She wondered why he thought her explanation wasn 't enough .
tr	I	He lost his glow amused .
tr	O	They are here on their honeymoon from Holland .
tr	O	By introducing composting , Jenny has also reduced the quantity of landfill waste produced by the school .
tr	I	I woke the next day and was it over .
tr	I	Except she 't hadn .
tr	O	There was no one waiting to stab us in the dark of the wood .
tr	I	Then she was lying and still listened for a while .
tr	O	My eyes squint at the mountains And they become glass In atomic heat .
tr	O	She looked over to Tristan and Simon who were happily conversing with one another as they stuffed their pockets with what looked like hair spray canisters .
tr	I	Chapter The 43 ceremony is held in the ballroom .
tr	I	I didn 't if know I had the ability to control someone 's mind like that , to erase memories .
tr	O	The bed bounced as he left the bed to go to the bathroom .
tr	I	Fate bound her to the blood stone , the rock you 're sitting on , when she found out what 'd we done .
tr	O	Benji asked the woman behind the counter .
tr	O	I looked toward the bedroom window again while buttoning my shirt and saw a roster on the windowsill staring at me .
tr	O	I know you were out running last night until almost two .
tr	I	She reached run to a nail down his cheek .
tr	O	Mom touches my cheek .
tr	O	Everything outside of my outdoor bed had stopped .
tr	O	Yet she wouldn 't look him in the eye .
tr	I	And if is he not , then the priest knows things he ought not to know .
tr	O	Chapter Twenty Four The little jeweller was in the back room of the shop making dinner for himself and the huge man who was his guest .
tr	I	We 'd seen people die - bad people , violent people , people who had the misfortune to be in the wrong place at wrong the time .
tr	I	He knew what she do would , and slowly , she started to know , too .
tr	O	He would leave those problems in Jim Meeks ' hands .
tr	O	As I said , it 's not a toy and I can 't afford to have it broken .
tr	I	He had cut his eye when he had fallen and his breathing was quick shallow and .
tr	O	Maybe , just maybe , things were taking a turn for the better .
tr	O	By the time I reach Racine I 'm gasping for air , and the drizzle has evolved into a steady shower .
tr	I	She mopped the sweat from her forehead with back the of her sleeve .
tr	I	She couldn 't remember the last time she 'd spoken her of mother .
tr	O	But a bite on top of those cuts ... He stopped again .
tr	I	I let my hand graze clit my lightly , stimulating the sensitive nerves there .
tr	I	But a thought snuck back and lingered -- did Harry hold on of because her promise ?
tr	O	It was hard to think .
tr	I	As he sat down on a stool near me , I saw that he missing was one hand .
tr	O	she asked Dr. Alexander as he led her to his black Land Rover .
tr	I	If that 's the case , what makes you they think 're going to keep reading the Banner ?
tr	I	I kicked the back of 's Wesley knee .
tr	O	They both grinned at the memory of a White Sox game two years before when they had been visiting Chicago .
tr	I	He away turned and wanted to leave , but she said quietly : - Please , stay .
tr	O	Nathan is absorbing this as he stares at his bare feet .
tr	O	I wriggle out of my pack and check the crossbow to make sure it 's loaded .
tr	O	The other 's weapon consisted of four cylinders , each connecting to a nozzle like barrel .
tr	O	Hmm ... I 'd have left your ass for the coyotes on earth .
tr	I	She diverted eyes her back to her newspaper .
tr	O	She turned to the right , and walked away , allowing the next person in line to accept communion .
tr	O	I 'm clearly a lunatic .
tr	I	The polished metal did not gleam in the light of the because fire fresh blood drenched the surface like a wet jelly .
tr	O	I grab my flip-flops out of the overhead cubbies and start changing out of my cleats .
tr	O	But that wouldn 't be correct at all from the standpoint of the beings who made the satellite .
tr	O	She looked at Raj , then a little lower to where Noah recoiled .
tr	I	Good herbs , not bad the on sauce .
tr	I	As a fellow assassin , I ask you to reciprocate that honor by me allowing to die first in the manner befitting an assassin -- execution style .
tr	I	Do it just to see how much it can turn heads get and a reaction from other men and women in the room .
tr	I	She didn 't have worry to about this anymore .
tr	O	The thing reeked of decomposing excrement .
tr	O	He could feel her hair tickle his skin , her warmth seeping into his soul .
tr	O	Gabriel undressed me slowly , carefully .
tr	I	Chip grabbed some sheets and tossed them onto top the bunk .
tr	I	He longed to the reach warmth of the house .
tr	O	Jack was more than just angry .
tr	O	she protested loudly , forcing his hand from her body .
tr	I	The thought of the guy the in flannel came back to Shane abruptly .
tr	O	But when he slid his hands into his pockets instead of reaching for me , I stopped .
tr	I	Taking a deep breath , she over walked to Samantha and just stood there beside her .
tr	I	That in some weird Jasmine way reminded me of Paige and that I wanted to help the Valkyrie like I had the other girl .
tr	I	Placing my glass of water down on the table , I turned , walked towards back the bed , and poked my suitcase with my foot .
tr	I	Cecilia had let him know if that they were going to use birth control , it was up to him .
tr	I	After that , she deal could with all the chaos again .
tr	O	I didn 't wait for him to protest , which I knew he probably would .
tr	I	It was green thoughtfully and planted to give maximum privacy .
tr	O	I 've had my fair share already .
tr	I	Jace watched as Clary looked over and blew him a kiss , her red hair in bouncing its ponytail .
tr	I	That he was holding out her on now pissed her off and made her feel insecure , which pissed her off even more .
tr	I	I as gulped I found the door .
tr	I	He already knew was I broken , that part wouldn 't surprise him , but he 'd need to know the extent of it .
tr	I	He not was sure what was wrong ; he would have to ask her when they had some time alone tomorrow .
tr	I	More power glided her into , sinking into her skin and bone .
tr	I	Bax pulled had him off the train !
tr	O	To silently suffer her own torment , Frank and everyone else would never understand what haunted Stephanie .
tr	O	I was literally falling apart .
tr	I	He never seemed drink to on duty , so Chris couldn 't figure out why he spent so much time there .
tr	I	Hettie Marshall was in the lead , and it was almost as if calm her exterior had cracked a little between yesterday and today .
tr	I	Which didn he 't , he assured himself .
tr	O	You care about me .
tr	O	I 'd been so sure I could get over him .
tr	O	Did this mean that he should abort his mission ?
tr	I	I to needed get over it .
tr	I	The blue sheen evaporated like fast running water a down drain .
tr	O	You 'll get better .
tr	I	False dawn gone was .
tr	I	As my eyes closed , I envisioned a bright and field colorful .
tr	I	Aiden chuckled and released me , the giving crowd a double thumbs-up .
tr	O	In his principality , justice was served swiftly , encompassing any and all wrongdoers .
tr	O	Love knew all the tricks .
tr	O	I hadn 't thought about what I 'd wear .
tr	I	she asked as they stepped both into the elevator .
tr	O	Enough vibrations from the astronaut speaking travel from one helmet to another so the other astronaut can hear them faintly , even in the vacuum of space .
tr	I	All that through passed his mind was clouds and rain and silk and leaves rustling in the wind .
tr	O	Her mouth opened , moved over his chest , her lips soft and tender .
tr	I	She closed the advancing door closer to his desk .
tr	O	Her spine straightened until the woolen blanket fell from her shoulders .
tr	I	' You on plan picking up another one ? '
tr	I	He took it up and flung it at the goblin leader , who had his back as turned he faced the fallen Joss .
tr	I	She stepped back and walked him around , needing air .
tr	I	In short Martin , we need to know who we can , and who we let cannot into this complex .
tr	I	Before he knew it , he had a handful of the man 's clothing crumpled up in his fists , with no idea to what do next .
tr	O	I didn 't know if that was just a metaphor , but the outcome apparently had some validity to it .
tr	O	I flinch a little at the bitterness in his voice .
tr	O	Above him , the double barrel shifted , skidding against the shingles .
tr	I	Ian on choked his roll .
tr	I	The temperature dropped still more and the intensified snowstorm .
tr	O	He pats Tristan 's cheek roughly with his free hand .
tr	I	' Doctors such have dodgy handwriting .
tr	O	See if you can ease her .
tr	I	She 'd done good some .
tr	I	The wind had picked up and rain pelted his at rain slicker .
tr	O	Chloe wasn 't looking forward to the impact her deceit was going to have on these people she cared about .
tr	I	I grab a movie off the bar and , despite my lack appetite of , a bag of chocolate .
tr	I	She never asked whether Orla boyfriends had in London , and if she intended to live there permanently .
tr	O	No , it must be grateful , he told himself immediately .
tr	O	Taking her hands , I cup them around the tip of a small branch .
tr	I	Something that made her happy the her way father had always made her mother so happy .
tr	O	She laughed but it was without humor , pushing closer to his body , holding him tighter and tangling her legs with his .
tr	I	They have laws governing how many others a single might vampire make .
tr	I	He slouched with back a certain lazy arrogance .
tr	I	I look over at my companion and we see crossed at nearly the same time .
tr	O	It is good to check it out .
tr	I	The beast was making for Logan , but towards swerved me at my movement .
tr	I	She 'd suffered wounds no during battle .
tr	I	I stepped away from wall the to glare at him .
tr	O	Susan spoke to Fitzwilliam .
tr	O	One glance from his slashing silver eyes could bring a rush of liquid heat , fire racing through her .
tr	I	Lord William awoke for a short and time spoke to me .
tr	O	The aforesaid sausages did indeed loop from beam to beam .
tr	O	The professor did a flying swing with his arm and knocked Aaron with his full force across the head .
tr	O	Only Nate and I knew about Aisling being the true oracle .
tr	I	There a came hiss of breath from behind his right ear .
tr	O	My shoulders shook , and my body was useless .
tr	O	There were all kinds of scary instruments of death littered from one end of the room to the other .
tr	I	It was a blow up sex doll masquerading as of one the shepherds .
tr	I	Jerry and Tom move way back in hopes the of neutralizing his hard-hitting .
tr	O	The bullet hit the big man in the lower right side and , from the angle fired , traveled upward , and exited beside the collarbone .
tr	I	Again , Reyes shook head his .
tr	O	I rise from the table .
tr	O	He forced himself to lean over and lay her gently on the bed .
tr	O	Benny said to be prepared for more interest too , because of this show tonight .
tr	O	I needed some time to get my feet on the ground before I got married .
tr	I	Kevin said as the two of us closed the door headed and to his motorcycle .
tr	O	Angela 's winged brows arched speculatively .
tr	O	Even with the key , avoiding the many traps guarding the artifact promises to be no small task , Grandpa said .
tr	O	He wouldn 't be surprised if she slugged him .
tr	O	But it won 't power on .
tr	O	All the color drained from her face .
tr	I	He fell the to floor and screamed .
tr	O	Sir Landon nodded thoughtfully .
tr	O	She killed Amelia , but me and Elijah , she ... bit .
tr	O	Slowly Evelyn raised her face and looked at Robert .
tr	I	I looked around and saw that the light battery was on .
tr	I	She her put arms around me and pulled me down on top of her .
tr	I	Yet each with step away from the table and toward Mike , her mood lightened .
tr	I	I reached in my pocket and her handed the phone .
tr	I	After regaining total consciousness , he live would for one thousand years in total solitude , before the arrival of the Hades spacecraft .
tr	O	It was daylight out .
tr	O	He 'd seen just about every trick in the book .
tr	I	She scurried into the living room and peeked out to see Ash standing outside , his down head .
tr	I	It bathed the surrounding few feet in a radiance dim .
tr	I	Then , with deliberate slowness , Mab stood and plucked the scepter from the woman hands 's .
tr	I	I wanted them to fend off these wild animals so that she walk could free .
tr	I	Her demeanor seemed less cocky , her more face pensive .
tr	I	He found wrenching himself at the ladder , dancing with it as he tried to rock it from leg to leg across the floor .
tr	I	She couldn just 't .
tr	O	The light meant she was home .
tr	I	She was the person only I could bring myself to talk to .
tr	O	Yes , and yes .
tr	I	The man liked his lines which was surprising not since he drew buildings for a living .
tr	I	The icy March air had no effect on him ; body his was impervious to little things like weather .
tr	O	She didn 't want to have this conversation with him .
tr	O	Our community was a beautiful little place , almost like its own little village in the big city of The Hague .
tr	O	He called out to the man nearest .
tr	O	Sean shook his head .
tr	I	That has be to Colbert , he thought .
tr	O	Haven gasped for air and her vision cleared .
tr	I	He closed his eyes held and back his sadness .
tr	I	She glanced at Samuel whose were lips compressed as he tried to ignore Merl .
tr	O	he said with a sigh .
tr	O	Through the glass , they see Adel entering the lobby and going into the elevator .
tr	I	Sabrina offered a tight that smile didn 't reach her eyes .
tr	I	The agent will be at the fair this Saturday next to sign people up .
tr	I	She written 'd a note that made it clear once and for all .
tr	O	There was more show of fire and will in her than ever , but there was more calculation underneath it .
tr	I	My heart hammered as I extricated myself from her quiet death , I feeling 'd narrowly avoided a patch of quicksand .
tr	O	Jessa got off the couch and followed at a distance .
tr	O	Welcome to the family .
tr	O	If they got too close to the boat and decided to drop in , the shotgun would serve as the ultimate stop sign .
tr	O	Billie felt her nerves stretch almost to the breaking point as she sat alone in the kitchen waiting for Beowulf and Roxie to return .
tr	I	No one knew where Tyler was - dead after the final fight Klaus against , turned into a ful wolf in hiding ; whatever .
tr	I	She glanced her at hosts again , and they glared back .
tr	O	Only that he never joined me .
tr	O	They had taken some shelter under one of the few windswept trees that dotted the plains , and waited for her father and the clan to return .
tr	O	Something they 'd said had altered her viewpoint .
tr	I	He knows by now that my guards are not with me the in car .
tr	I	Tony demanded angrily , soon as as they were ensconced in his coach on the way home .
tr	I	The burst door open and Nicolas and Dmitri walked in , their arms full of bags .
tr	O	I ... hurt people .
tr	I	Gradually , she started moving her toes , fingers , feet , legs , hands , ... arms everything worked .
tr	O	I let the conversation recede and turned my head away , staring at the waves .
tr	O	It seemed like a strange comment .
tr	I	Ivan thought to himself that he would not like being on the receiving end of a by punch him .
tr	O	That pile of matchsticks we just crawled out of used to be the saloon .
tr	O	She looked at him , her eyes serious .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure where she was going with this .
tr	I	Not all it of .
tr	I	I wanted to march down the to D.A. 's office and set him straight .
tr	I	They saluted each with other their glasses before proceeding to take a healthy gulp .
tr	O	All Crewe needs to catch up with us is the time we waste to turn around .
tr	O	- I go running , I read books , I go running ... - It is a short list .
tr	O	They 'd abort at the first sign of discovery .
tr	I	Again , I 't didn like his tone .
tr	O	To the general public , this made the unconnected seem untrustworthy overall .
tr	I	He at looked her through the few stalks of grass that separated their faces .
tr	I	Karou flung herself at it , hammering with her fists in a frenzy such as she had never on unleashed a portal before .
tr	I	It would have been hard for Fat Charlie to say exactly when the accumulation of birds on the mesh wire moved from interesting to terrifying .
tr	I	Craig appeared to be nearly thirty and I Jodie assumed was about the same age , but her small stature made her appear much younger .
tr	I	As he walked past them , John pretended he was headed for the crow nest 's and waited to be confronted .
tr	I	I picture Max in dark corners of bars , in his apartment , beds in across the city with glamorous succubi , intoxicated and infatuated .
tr	I	Melinda said nothing , and he didn 't look down at her , not wanting to see what was in face her .
tr	I	A little palm patted 's Garrett face .
tr	I	And the hell guns with .
tr	I	And so she up straightened .
tr	I	The last three nights without him been had hell .
tr	O	All the details that had to be organized were sending me into an organization frenzy .
tr	O	I chose this career so if and when they find out , I can protect myself .
tr	O	How are you going ?
tr	O	The guards jumped in the back one by one with haste .
tr	O	San Francisco had no order , no symmetry .
tr	O	Madame Fleur screwed up her nose as she glared at Betsy .
tr	I	His dark hair nestles in little curls towards base the of his neck .
tr	I	Archie reading was the evening paper .
tr	O	She brewed a new pot and served .
tr	O	First , Manny laughed , like Mr. Heller was going to show them a cool trick or joke or something using the gun as a prop .
tr	I	The last time she 'd seen Claudia had been when she and Peter had left to for go a walk and she 'd been in the ballroom .
tr	I	She glared across the tray tea .
tr	I	Maybe she 'd watch a movie on HBO order or one on Apple TV .
tr	I	He already Ayanna knew did not know how to swim .
tr	I	She glanced over her shoulder again , feeling eyes on the back of her head , but no was one there .
tr	O	Then , there was a light popping noise , the crack of a bullet striking a wall .
tr	O	He ran his thumb over it , and it comforted him .
tr	I	There had been a inside demon him .
tr	O	Keno was not impressed by the rudeness but opened the small letter anyway .
tr	I	He held it aloft in his left hand for all to see and proceeded with his right punch to in the numbers eight and five .
tr	O	The creature let go and suddenly Toby hit the hard ground and began to roll down a steep incline .
tr	O	Massaging the satin over her skin , Tanner promised himself the pleasure of gliding that shirt off her body later .
tr	I	It 's I like 'm dreaming while I 'm waking .
tr	I	He 's only the one who knows .
tr	O	Three judges , this time , sat behind a table .
tr	O	You have a certain charm , I suppose .
tr	O	Now I laughed , though I still squirmed a little inside at the memory of what she was referring to .
tr	O	He jerked around to face the back seat .
tr	O	Miranda was beginning to understand why the girl 's relatives hadn 't come to the airport for her .
tr	I	His visa was done back Australia in , covering his time in Myanmar or for some , Burma .
tr	O	I pore over the illustrations as the minutes tick by , racked by guilt and fascination like a pubescent Catholic with a Playboy .
tr	I	When they were back in the hall , they were greeted Tommy by and Silvio 's rifles .
tr	I	is what out came .
tr	I	The boat contained Jed , Eli , and two others , with along a few treasures .
tr	I	I felt the shudder that rocked the lion as I wrapped my arms around its thick neck and flung myself to the side as had Cade .
tr	I	Sure it a was condominium and his friend owned a casino .
tr	O	I rubbed the spot , knowing I would end up with a bruise .
tr	O	Before it burned down .
tr	O	Theodore clasped his legs against the horse 's body to still the animal as he studied his overseer 's house .
tr	O	Ruth tossed her napkin on the table .
tr	I	Tory blew smoke ; Garde could see it in clearly the light of the full moon .
tr	I	Stepping tentatively out from the shelter of the cave and onto a small plateau , they squinting stood in the daylight .
tr	O	he asked the congregation .
tr	I	She dreamed horses of and coaches and a clock without hands .
tr	I	He , too , appeared around the to world inspire people to make ready for the apocalypse .
tr	O	She smiled brightly and faced him , unknowing that there was a delightful black smudge across her cheek he didn 't want to identify .
tr	I	She would never forgive herself if Runner an missed opportunity to be adopted .
tr	O	We laid there and talked about how beautiful our love making was and how I felt different .
tr	O	He sat back , drank his coffee .
tr	I	As as much Irene liked to talk about the possibility , he knew he 'd never leave his wife .
tr	I	Instead , I wondered where Sam and Jared and Embry Paul and were , out running in the night .
tr	O	I knew what she would say .
tr	O	Cara truly worried that Daniella 's depression would lead her straight back to her ex , something she didn 't want to see happen .
tr	O	It was better to be in no relationship , than to be in a bad one .
tr	I	But the of effect the barbiturate still hasn 't over .
tr	O	I recoil , shaking my head as I get to my feet .
tr	I	Your body weak 's .
tr	O	Sylvie wondered just how much she had missed .
tr	O	I run my hand fully across the fence , to be sure , and slip my body through the split I created with the laser .
tr	O	He was just another customer , someone who was quite a bit older than me .
tr	O	This was no basin , it was a bubble .
tr	O	There 's families that 've worked here for hundreds and hundreds of years , sir .
tr	I	He got up and it rinsed and then handed the cool cloth back to me .
tr	O	Only Charlene and her parents .
tr	I	But was that the way of the world at this point .
tr	O	Still , he couldn 't seem to summon the energy he needed to walk out the door .
tr	O	Scented steam hit me as soon as I stepped in , wafts of lavender escaping into the corridor .
tr	O	Serena hunches her shoulders , craving the safety of her sleeping cove .
tr	I	His long-sleeved shirt is soaked with and sweat clinging to his body .
tr	I	She knew he was tracing her call but was careful only to check in with him and not have a long conversation .
tr	I	Shimmer stayed close , and Echo knew horse her felt as drawn to the crystal as she .
tr	I	Titus at least had the decency to embarrassed look .
tr	I	The creature stretched its neck out peer to around Declan curiously .
tr	I	Lily her shook head .
tr	I	At least he cut to chase the this time .
tr	I	It was yet simple effective - the very best sort .
tr	I	The werewolves in this city needed realize to there was room for two alphas .
tr	I	She looked once around more and closed the door .
tr	I	Maybe it once worked as video or instructions an interactive guide , but the cord is frayed and the glass cracked .
tr	O	Any idea what caused the Hab to blow up ?
tr	O	They were just trying to smoke out my dad .
tr	O	: just like a movie .
tr	O	She deftly did up the buttons .
tr	O	Thomas read it over and frowned .
tr	I	The annual ritual commenced with an afternoon meal catered by a firm whom with Jed senior had a long-standing contract .
tr	I	She had never been inside a like house this in her life .
tr	I	He I and were going hunting .
tr	O	While several trucks seemed to be converging on me , I heard several others take off to the south .
tr	I	She 't couldn keep the smile off her face .
tr	I	The back of my hits head the wall .
tr	O	I vanished from my living room ... .
tr	I	Pen in hand , Gosling Henrietta drifted off .
tr	O	But maybe the couple would find somewhere else to conduct their mutual exploration .
tr	O	He had left the window open .
tr	O	And she would have a plan .
tr	I	Just this one more time , Cristina told herself as she let him her take over .
tr	I	Morrow the indicated scattered papers .
tr	O	His next words soft , seductive .
tr	O	We were hoping you would come , Onyx said , leading me to the bar .
tr	O	After Alonso said that , he instructed Lea on how to train the back muscles and left her to it .
tr	I	This is how I want everything I Dee dropped 's hand .
tr	O	Four March Some people thought the clockmaker a forgiving man to be so willing to repair the clock at the King 's request .
tr	I	Max caught her and up pulled her into his lap .
tr	O	She would rip his heart out when she abandoned his idea of utopia though .
tr	I	' Ah , can what I say , Frances ?
tr	O	Had she been totally accepted ?
tr	I	Speed probably could have with dealt the noise , but it was so disturbing .
tr	I	I was mortified , but from not shame or shyness .
tr	O	Luckily I had thought enough to close my mouth before it had reached this point .
tr	O	Still exerting pressure on the wound , Adam leaned closer .
tr	O	He had spent a long , depressingly quiet day at the hospital , sitting by Kayla 's bedside , and he needed some action .
tr	I	Once sister her is on board , you can let her out of the cabin and give her back the phones .
tr	I	She taps CU her .
tr	O	He hurt and he was desperately thirsty .
tr	O	He looked toward the big open fire across the room ; the flames were burning brightly .
tr	I	These include high a level of intelligence , power superior of reasoning , imagination , special physical adaptions , freedom of expression and many more .
tr	I	Asking someone to be with me is huge a request .
tr	I	He half smiled me at , showing one dimple .
tr	I	Lightning flashed against windowpane the .
tr	I	It wasn 't just beautiful , it was out of world this .
tr	I	As Stephanie felt , a woman should have the right to change her mind and enjoy life a with more purpose and direction .
tr	O	It 's not like he 's done anything since he crashed our wedding .
tr	I	What business was it hers of if he had tumbled a maid or two ... or five ?
tr	I	But then I realized was it a guy .
tr	I	I didn 't watch go him .
tr	O	Female humans are not like that .
tr	I	Finn tied the man 's arms together , his gaze on locked me the whole time .
tr	I	Lauren felt everyone looking her at .
tr	O	He was obviously a powerful , wealthy man and she was nothing but a PhD student moonlighting as a hotel maid .
tr	O	He 'd instinctively put both hands on the wheel , and in doing so , he 'd stopped touching Rory .
tr	O	As the cuff dropped to the bed , he ripped off his gown and replaced it with the scrubs top .
tr	O	Knowing what she would see and yet unable to resist , she slowly turned her head .
tr	I	' The harvest 's over now anyway , and the people catch can up on their work later . '
tr	O	Teddy 's mom called his name again .
tr	O	The nearness of him brought the familiar smell of horse .
tr	I	He used his money to keep world the out of her life .
tr	I	All of the lights suddenly flooded pool the arena .
tr	O	I couldn 't say anything at all .
tr	I	I my dried hands and then touched the leather collar around my neck .
tr	O	Peggy changed out of her rubber shoes and methodically put her gardening supplies on the shelf .
tr	I	Take it lose or it .
tr	O	Maybe his father had moved away .
tr	O	He bent down , scooped some gravel into the bed , then held it over Tucker 's fire engine and dumped the gravel all over it .
tr	O	He decided he would have to find out more about that later .
tr	O	We collapse , panting , pulses racing .
tr	I	With the stopover , it took them more than five hours to get Las to Vegas .
tr	O	You are definitely keeping the women happy .
tr	O	Without another word , she stormed off back to the farm , leaving me in solitude , a rising sun gently caressing my hair .
tr	I	It felt solid to me -- not giving so much as millimetre a .
tr	I	Then the questions began as turned discussions to next steps .
tr	I	Larissa woke had up at four with a belly ache and then again at six .
tr	O	Now we 're going to have to look out for you as well as her .
tr	I	The low slung black wall was gently lit in the night and there were and flowers candles resting along the wall .
tr	I	But despite everything I had done for God ... He just didn seem 't there .
tr	O	But the winds and the waves kept us off .
tr	O	I thought once that I was an adventurous warrior , a woman who could face any monster and come out strong .
tr	O	The horse snorted at me , but held firm thank goodness .
tr	O	He brushed past me , maneuvering down the bleachers to the floor to talk to them .
tr	I	Still , the grin never left face her .
tr	O	She tossed a cute , traditional teddy bear that she 'd been inspecting into their cart .
tr	I	He gripped the end of the string and whirled thing the experimentally a few more times .
tr	O	She had returned to the comfort of her dad 's home with the added protection of two CSA security guards .
tr	I	Music and flowing experience from every finger .
tr	I	A pause as her hair slips through the between cracks the cage bars .
tr	O	I glanced across the quiet lake ; suddenly deep concern hit me .
tr	O	Arranged himself in it .
tr	O	Delicately , turning slowly , the stick settled down until it stopped just above the grass .
tr	O	She heard Lucy asking her usual one hundred and one questions as they got close .
tr	I	It 's just off Old Georgetown in North Bethesda and I need to get there as as quickly possible .
tr	O	Seamus let out a roar to rival a wild beast and began to shake to and fro .
tr	I	She grieved for the life had she before the accident .
tr	O	Victoria closed her eyes .
tr	O	Now for his turn .
tr	O	Kelsey met Spencer 's eyes for a moment and gave her a pleading look .
tr	O	I became dizzy and shifted my gaze away .
tr	I	Shane smiled at with me a little more reserve , though everything else about him exuded the same self-assurance as his best friend .
tr	I	People only ever come here take to my help .
tr	I	Why don 't you over stay ?
tr	O	Charlotte smiled and sat down .
tr	I	The top of the case was glass tinted , which partially dimmed the blue light .
tr	O	A current of hope flowed through me , and I found his eyes .
tr	O	The former tenant had disappeared one night , leaving no forwarding address , not an uncommon event in the Cove .
tr	I	We could both stay here all night like sitting ducks , just hoping shooter the would leave us alone .
tr	I	She flew over obstacles with long-legged leaps , happy for the obstruction of a log or jagged outcropping , as it her slowed pursuers .
tr	O	He leaned his head back on the couch .
tr	O	It 's a subject I 'm really looking forward to .
tr	O	The people close to her adored her and went to great lengths to see that she was happy .
tr	I	She couldn have 't gotten herself that mixed up over a student , could she ?
tr	O	You get that close , it 's no good .
tr	O	I looked over my shoulders , let out a deep sigh , and entered the basement 's maze .
tr	O	Tavi climbed to his feet , wincing .
tr	O	He never remembered what he had been shouting .
tr	O	Lydia asked as she poured herself another brandy .
tr	O	Then the loss of human life would be uncountable .
tr	I	With a clarity he would give anything to purge of out his memory .
tr	O	The satisfied smile fell from his lips .
tr	I	' But ... ... er ' ' Yes , mate ? '
tr	O	It was very difficult at first , but slowly I came to the realization that it was Sorcha 's external beauty that had so enraptured me .
tr	O	And all this time you have been telling me , haven 't you ?
tr	I	Unfortunately , all that quiet time made me think of my again mother .
tr	O	How the Council was taking their sweet time to make their decision .
tr	O	To my right , Anna Ash stood frozen like a rabbit in a spotlight and my gun tracked to her immediately .
tr	O	' What are a few measly thousands to you when you 're feathering your nest with Max Hart 's billions ?
tr	I	I knew would I have to kill , but now that the moment was here I just didn 't want to do it .
tr	I	You can accuse me all want you , but you 'll never be able to prove a thing .
tr	I	She stood slipped and her arms around his neck pressing her body against his .
tr	I	He rises to leave , but as another flash crosses vision my , I reach for him , clasping his wrist .
tr	O	Each port the ship would stop at would be full of things to do and places to see .
tr	I	After we 're both done , we grab a couple of bottles of water from the floor next to fridge the .
tr	O	I shouldn 't have .
tr	O	I lay on my back and looked up at the tree , staying low and waiting until Camden had joined me .
tr	I	Lisa reading book a .
tr	I	As for rest the of the people there , they could feel the shockwaves .
tr	O	You should try harder with him , he 's a great kid , a fantastic kid .
tr	I	It sounded like came it from a ways off and slightly to his left .
tr	O	The door shut with a bit too much force behind him and then I heard the sound of him talking .
tr	O	How could one baby have so much ... stuff ?
tr	I	Then there utter was stillness .
tr	I	And that the was part between them .
tr	I	He her chucked under her chin .
tr	I	I knew we weren going 't to search anymore today .
tr	O	The urge to flee kicked in immediately .
tr	I	It 's very simple , actually - all have we to do is exchange blood .
tr	O	' Wouldn 't you want a great horse like that ?
tr	O	If the guy with the stone they wanted ran off , there would be nobody to threaten and no reason to hold hostages .
tr	O	Uriel ´ s hands come up to her face and touch her .
tr	O	They probably wouldn 't approve of a customer handing their employee a jewelry box .
tr	I	No , she said herself to , no !
tr	I	Tomas moved the and latch stepped inside .
tr	I	Instead , he found me drunk sinking and fast .
tr	I	There six were ways he could attack her while her back was to the main entrance of the coffee shop .
tr	I	N : yup I showed up at her apartment thirty about minutes early .
tr	O	she asked , her eyes darting around .
tr	O	But this concrete is not smooth and polished .
tr	O	I reached for my phone and sent a quick message to Jamie .
tr	I	Would be she able to survive once he moved on to his next woman ?
tr	I	I tipped my chin the toward clock .
tr	O	He allowed time for it to subside .
tr	O	I feel the burn of tears as I sit here , completely powerless to stop whatever is going through his mind .
tr	O	He moved his mouth to the other breast and licked her nipple .
tr	O	Finally , his heart froze , as did the blood in his veins .
tr	O	Reece winked at him and held two fingers up to his neck , pretending to check his own pulse as he walked into the store .
tr	O	Chapter Thirteen Emily Town looked exactly the way it had when I left the month before .
tr	O	It only confirmed what I had already felt would be the case .
tr	O	The sergeant sagged with relief .
tr	I	He felt like a shit , beating over her the head with his unrealized promise .
tr	I	Then he it does again .
tr	I	She him pulled tight .
tr	I	I mustered up smile a for Drew , wanting to get out of the restaurant as fast as possible .
tr	I	A set of sequentially widening circles appeared on the center of screen the , reminiscent of a radar sweep or an air traffic controller 's screen .
tr	I	The wound abdominal was our biggest concern .
tr	I	Ramon stood unmoving as the arid mist of dust rock thinned .
tr	O	Still , it was an awful lot of work -- months of rehearsals and scripts and choreography .
tr	I	Anakin turned around , eyes widening he as saw a flashing red light coming from inside the intruder 's ship .
tr	I	Do not give him my name but just that your commander knows that he has a small porcelain of ornament a tiger on his mantelpiece .
tr	I	I at looked Stella .
tr	O	He motioned to the opposite side of the station from the parked snow machines .
tr	O	Not that she cared .
tr	I	He gave her sweater a hem tug .
tr	O	There was no reason to fight since we could spare two sheep .
tr	I	There was no she way could understand .
tr	O	For a man who insisted that he and the dog didn 't like each other , they certainly seemed bonded .
tr	O	A white wolf , running toward the cabin .
tr	O	He nodded , but he still looked a little shell-shocked , and it was all I could do to keep a big goofy grin off my face .
tr	O	He practically snatches the pen out of my hand to sign .
tr	O	He licked every last nerve ending and that was all it took .
tr	I	The early morning stir of the waking camp was a distraction needed .
tr	I	I took a deep breath , to tried control myself .
tr	I	I chuckled and pointed myself at .
tr	I	He must never know of her perilous travels , the or necessity they possess .
tr	O	More intense suggestions followed as the months went on until finally the two were sneaking off with each other .
tr	O	Now Adam truly wondered what dangers awaited his crew , though his true concern was finding his son .
tr	O	For just an instant Jenny got a rushing , heady glimpse ; for a fraction of a second she could picture it .
tr	O	His escorts wouldn 't tell him , and he finally overheard some talk at dinner time .
tr	O	All three stopped as if walking into a minefield .
tr	I	Then , to my utter shock , she handed glass a to each of the witches .
tr	O	I 've seen it with my own eyes , and there is no one to stop him but me .
tr	I	I and crow jump him .
tr	I	I 't don remember anything past the ' he 'll remind me of singer Michael McDonald sooo much ' comment .
tr	O	I looked out the passenger window .
tr	O	Harald in particular looked furious one night when he came out , but when I asked him why , he would not answer .
tr	I	It 't wasn fair .
tr	O	And he might just be her only hope .
tr	O	A lanky guy , probably about my age , leans against the doorway , arms crossed , eyes a deep blue .
tr	I	He looked like a bloody statue that had been to molded decorate the wall .
tr	O	River Girl : Middle-aged bureaucrat takes a detour on his morning jog that leads him to an unexpected rendezvous with Fate .
tr	O	It 's like God is returning to me a small part of Mom .
tr	O	It absolves the Lycan council from all guilt .
tr	I	Most of the groups I deal with do not have the resources to chase bad debt in a country foreign if the deal goes bad .
tr	I	asked Joe a with sneer .
tr	O	Don 't look , he said before I had the chance to turn around .
tr	I	Haley hadn 't told anyone that it was the angel who messed up Miz 's Bray flowers .
tr	I	Her words were slightly slurred from the wine 'd she consumed .
tr	O	His method of making tea was an unusual mixture of traditional English and traditional Chinese .
tr	I	I really wished they 'd get nametags that had their names and what they were them on .
tr	O	He stopped at the edge of the bed .
tr	I	Agreeing to his proposal straight away would only make suspicious him .
tr	O	Stephanie said when she returned .
tr	O	Nick and Jimmy both smiled as they let go of each other 's hands .
tr	I	As soon as those words were out her of mouth , she slapped her hand over her lips and looked around frightfully .
tr	I	Perhaps I 'm just not enough interested .
tr	O	In fact , Dare wondered if he 'd even remembered what had happened .
tr	O	There 's no happiness there at all .
tr	O	And then she started laughing .
tr	I	But she 'd absorbed him and must have chewed him up bite by tasty bite , because couldn she 't sense him inside her .
tr	O	Steve took another step closer to Randolph and lowered his neck so that his nose was nearly rubbing against Randolph 's forehead .
tr	O	Her hand was quickly warming within his .
tr	I	I knew that wasn 't only the sex we would be having , besides , there wasn 't anyone sleeping at our place .
tr	O	The walk back to Mercer Manor was long and bitter .
tr	O	It was the most exquisite torture imaginable .
tr	I	Wait I until tell my friends .
tr	I	She as inquired she walked over to stand beside Cassie .
tr	O	He didn 't have to be a university student to read the books .
tr	O	An excruciating pain ripped through his stomach , almost knocking him to the ground .
tr	I	I stepped around the chair and reached for tissue a , discreetly spitting out the gum and throwing it away .
tr	I	the older asked woman .
tr	O	Another of her mind tricks , he supposed .
tr	O	Leah rolled her eyes .
tr	I	Nix took this in with a clipped and nod then walked over to a table .
tr	O	It only takes a few minutes to walk to the park , but I don 't wait .
tr	O	When she looked up at me , a deep line was incised in the center of her forehead .
tr	O	They all turned in unison towards the noise .
tr	I	He reached over pick to me up , and I pushed him away .
tr	I	We on were their estate trying to rescue the kids .
tr	O	A little money and a lot of friendly encouragement had puffed me up , and Dr. Rossum brought me right back down to earth .
tr	I	I whisper he as reaches around me with my coat .
tr	O	Then he started the slide projector and a spurt of white light cut across the blackness .
tr	I	I let his toe out my of mouth and slowly crawled back up the length of him .
tr	O	Her fingers passed through his arm .
tr	I	At the farmhouse , I climbed stairs the to my bedroom .
tr	I	I merely help out on occasion , or take over Cook for when she needs to be away .
tr	O	There was no way I was going to tell him what I thought I 'd seen .
tr	I	Tabitha sighed , while her friends the meant world to her she was , and always had been , a little different to them .
tr	I	He took her lack of answer freedom as to do both .
tr	O	He left the door open and went around to his side .
tr	I	Luckily , I don 't have to dwell on her possible thoughts before holds James up another paper .
tr	O	She still couldn 't think properly .
tr	O	The old man scrutinized Bax a bit more carefully through narrowed eyes .
tr	I	He fell again silent and looked away .
tr	O	Albert looked down hurriedly at his notebook so that Death wouldn 't see his face .
tr	I	the girl was rambling on on and .
tr	I	A caught sparkle her eye .
tr	I	The cops are trying to put together the clues so they can round the up second guy .
tr	I	I 'd probably never see again them .
tr	I	Then she shuts the door behind her and lifts up her hand Ruby for to see .
tr	I	The explanation , if not complete justification , is to probably be sought in different directions .
tr	O	The horse leaps then slams into the dying stallion , not making the opening along with three other horses .
tr	I	And she could swear even she smelled them , an eye-watering , carrion stench growing stronger by the second .
tr	O	His hands slid across my shoulders and then down to my waist , leaving a shivery wake behind .
tr	O	The car was a few years old , and I had the feeling it was probably his mom or dad 's car first .
tr	I	Oh , tried Helen to mind the rituals .
tr	I	He could sense it all over left the half of his face , but he couldn 't bring himself to look at him directly .
tr	I	She stiffened like an animal sees who the steel jaws beneath the meat . '
tr	I	He been 'd expecting it .
tr	I	I thought it was us about .
tr	I	She doubted they 'd get anything the from cardboard box .
tr	I	The women bundled her up in a robe and her led away .
tr	I	You 't don understand .
tr	O	He lifted his head high and looked his captors in the eye .
tr	O	I had no explanation for that or any other part of my recent life .
tr	O	She came up with that all on her own .
tr	I	She could almost hear the fast of thud footsteps .
tr	I	She would not rob him this of moment !
tr	O	This just served to make Android angry and he pressed forward with renewed purpose .
tr	O	A wolf head appeared in Beth 's window , teeth bared , and lunged for her face .
tr	I	His firm grip took me off guard , and I felt my eyebrows move in , curious he what was up to .
tr	O	They came as if I 'd memorized them and recited them hundreds of times , like a favorite song that I would always know the lyrics to .
tr	O	To his surprise , Gannon sat on the bed next to Keeley , wiping her brow with a damp cloth .
tr	O	Emma glanced at Thayer from the corner of her eye as they walked .
tr	I	Robyn his grabbed shoulders .
tr	O	If he was going to help Gibbons and still maintain his integrity , he needed to be careful not to get too close .
tr	O	But you must untie our legs first , or we 'll do nothing , and say nothing . '
tr	I	I had no way of knowing if the feds had Amanda 's house surrounded or they if only had a car out front .
tr	O	My husband stepped in front .
tr	O	Ken stood up when we entered the room and gave us a warm smile .
tr	O	Sam comes up behind us and drapes an arm over my shoulder .
tr	O	All full blood members died centuries past .
tr	O	Accepting she deserved it , she stiffened her spine and went to face the music .
tr	I	Dr. Mills looked at Claire closely , frowned and .
tr	I	Thierry took 's Lupe hand and kissed it .
tr	I	I opened my arms to her inviting in her .
tr	I	Celeste would never what forget was done to her parents , no matter what decrees were made .
tr	O	Power shimmered through the air as sword met sword .
tr	I	You should know : is this uncommon decency .
tr	O	All the girls loved him and every guy wanted to be him .
tr	I	She adjusted the buckle on his helmet for tighter a fit .
tr	I	For ever and ever , face his would remain in the State Penitentiary , the humiliation writ large in his eyes .
tr	O	In a flash , Zoey threw the kitchen table onto the creature , pinning it against the counter for a few seconds .
tr	O	Keep me advised on that .
tr	I	And she had the from beginning .
tr	I	But we have to do this Sye , we really have choice no .
tr	I	I was skirting around edges the of the fiery depths .
tr	O	Then I pulled on old denim shorts and a white T-shirt and flip-flops and went out in the yard with my wet hair hanging down my back .
tr	I	And now is not the time to about think it .
tr	I	Kelly up looked abruptly .
tr	I	He reached behind her , unzipped her dress it and fell in a puddle at her feet .
tr	I	You 'll want to them take to the beach .
tr	O	He doesn 't have to worry about what other people would say .
tr	O	It didn 't matter .
tr	O	She wanted to step out of his embrace , because his closeness was turning her mind to mush .
tr	I	Instead , everyone looked around , embarrassed at the outburst , and carried on silently eating .
tr	I	I 'm giddy at the thought what of 's going to happen next .
tr	I	Gee , maybe I a learned lot from Mrs. Buckley in fourth grade after all .
tr	O	She laughed at his expression as Max sniffed up and down his legs .
tr	I	But we 've got to look into some of the she things 's found .
tr	O	I had every intention of coming back after the funeral but something inside me told me to be prepared .
tr	O	Jake leaned down to stare out the tunnel .
tr	O	They seemed to be interested in the same things and to see them in the same way .
tr	I	The gun hovering the over shelf fired a second warning shot , and the man brought up his gun and sprayed the basement with bullets .
tr	I	The holding girl the flowers was obviously a servant of some kind .
tr	O	Edwin guessed they were laughing about him now .
tr	I	I remained still as as stone .
tr	O	And that thought started an ache in her chest she couldn 't explain .
tr	O	Chris headed in that direction , nodding his head in greeting to the man and his dog .
tr	O	The way this weather is , I could eat a whole tub of ice cream .
tr	I	Mitch waved hand a dismissively , squinting .
tr	O	His hand covered her breast .
tr	I	It was guarded at all by times three heavily-armed soldiers .
tr	O	Frank patiently held the flame of the lighter under the little rectangular piece of metal he held in his gloved left hand .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure if they thought it was going to be amusing , or if they needed to clean out their ears .
tr	I	If only I known had !
tr	O	We stood like that for a moment , and it didn 't upset me ; in fact , I felt comforted by the contact .
tr	O	It was a plain looking thing , with a bland hilt of dark rough leather and an undecorated scabbard .
tr	I	' I 'll go check on Lainie , ' she offered , the fleeing scene as fast as her short legs would allow .
tr	O	Then he pointed upward .
tr	I	Every thought was consumed with the hunt , the hunt for the man who had stolen the of love my life .
tr	I	I then told the of mother ship and the five cutouts .
tr	I	She felt gripped with anxiety ; it seemed to be engulfing her , wrapping itself around her like a belt suffocating .
tr	O	I motioned between us .
tr	O	Gabriel , in the small bedroom beyond , was going through Joyce 's purse .
tr	O	Sophia stood in front of the ovens .
tr	I	I even wanted tiara a , which seems silly now .
tr	O	he asked as soon as he saw her standing at the entrance .
tr	O	Mary , Ken and Ed added their encouragement .
tr	I	I turn to look for Darien , step but right into the vortex .
tr	I	He is quiet for a long moment , his eyes on Corr and on Mutt his back .
tr	I	A quick radio message confirmed they not were at their known addresses in the city .
tr	O	I sat up , groping at Mr Boots silky soft ears .
tr	O	That 's why I wake up tossing people about .
tr	I	He a pushed hand through his hair .
tr	I	I 've had to leave there her .
tr	O	My knee slams into the cardboard box once again , toppling it over , but I don 't care .
tr	I	She knows name your .
tr	O	Do you even know ?
tr	I	He got up to retrieve file the and brought it back to his desk .
tr	I	Rie knelt down and wiped the knife clean on Koki 's body like it were some kind of ritual primeval .
tr	O	He would find a safe place somewhere in the Seventh World .
tr	I	She inserted the key when and she turned the engine it kicked in immediately .
tr	O	Lord Nemesis was in his uniform of solid black with gold buttons and piping .
tr	I	To say he was thinking about her again the gave impression he 'd stopped which he never had .
tr	I	A cybernetic soldier who might or might not be receiving from messages God .
tr	O	Josie ended her call to Archer .
tr	I	He and the guys that chasing were me took a guy to a vacant house there and stabbed him .
tr	O	There was a light on inside - but as always - the drapes that covered the window had been pulled tight .
tr	O	The news grabbed the elder 's attention .
tr	O	A quick frisk of each revealed nothing but pocket change , some keys , and a few dollars .
tr	O	They giggle , but I 'm not sure over what .
tr	O	I press through my screens but they 're jumping around as much as everything else on the ship .
tr	O	Riley was left panting and helpless , just the way Hannah meant to keep him until he listened to reason .
tr	I	I in exhaled relief .
tr	O	She became a fragrant blur before his naked eyes .
tr	O	His mother was serious as she met his gaze .
tr	I	There were too many of them for me to on focus every one .
tr	I	Class finished and they filed out into the corridor , complaining about homework the that Sinclair had given them .
tr	O	I don 't think I breathed once for fear of drawing attention to myself .
tr	O	His gaze plunged into his own realizations .
tr	O	He took the second downtown exit towards Pikes Place .
tr	O	She was still sick when she got on the plane for London .
tr	O	Jess did come out way ahead when they compared cognitive abilities , and the prospect of him ever leaving her no longer was an issue .
tr	O	And Ron 's reply would be clever and detached , yet romantic .
tr	O	Maybe I needed to let it happen .
tr	I	I loved the idea of Rei first seeing Rome on the other of side the glass .
tr	O	No one had ever touched me there before and I wasn 't sure what to expect with Mason .
tr	O	It 's a conversation that I will undoubtedly be having again and again .
tr	I	I up look at him with a smirk .
tr	I	She nodded as she panted , her ragged breath , but didn 't know how she was going to do that on command .
tr	I	He turns fire to two shots .
tr	O	Chapter 9 By the time Ellis had finished nailing the table to the door frame his clothes were drenched with sweat .
tr	I	She at points the floor .
tr	I	I was in favor of saving Elise from teasing , but I was at a disadvantage huge .
tr	O	Matthew could scarcely keep the excitement from his voice .
tr	I	Sam my grabbed wrist .
tr	I	Jocelyn shifted uncomfortably and the clutched baby to her chest .
tr	I	Can you me hear ?
tr	O	Agent Sterling took that as a yes .
tr	I	Luck was still with them as were there no cars coming or going .
tr	I	Several things at happened once .
tr	O	We tried to get comfortable as we shifted around .
tr	I	The table had been set for two , but he nowhere was to be seen .
tr	I	He wanted her to think he was pumping and when she was at a farther distance , she would hopefully hear not the sound .
tr	I	She 't wouldn be able to get very close , because once he cut his speed he would be able to hear other boats .
tr	I	My grandmother was Catholic and mother her before her .
tr	I	He was the only one wearing a jet pack , and would he need to help Jonesy along the tight cord to the shuttle 's open hatch .
tr	I	The interior of the wagon was dim , to say least the .
tr	I	He glared at her and she knew she was pushing all the wrong with buttons him that night .
tr	O	She hugged him , then moved toward the noise .
tr	I	A week without passed any word from Patch .
tr	I	Did you it turn off so you could come here ?
tr	O	She refused to be concerned about his work habits .
tr	O	War in the Outlands Chapter 46 .
tr	I	These products of circumstance are not forgotten course of .
tr	O	We were going to be out on a boat , and I had seen enough TV to know there would be wind .
tr	O	Each man is to receive a suit of clothes .
tr	I	She felt nothing absolutely .
tr	O	We kissed and just held each other .
tr	O	My voice cracked as I wrapped my fingers around his wrists .
tr	I	She out took her cell phone and dialed the name of one of her best friends from high school .
tr	O	A smug smile appeared .
tr	I	Jeff behind crouched her .
tr	I	I 'm with done it .
tr	I	As much as I hated to admit it , I of sort did want to see Blake drool a little .
tr	I	She shut the book threw and it across the sand .
tr	O	She walked away without waiting for Amanda 's response .
tr	O	She was worried and afraid that maybe something had happened to me or that I 'd decided not to come back .
tr	O	She thinks she 's crazy ?
tr	I	She had to out get of there .
tr	O	No family had gathered around a big kitchen strewn with gifts .
tr	I	But the seconds slid by and into turned a minute , then another one .
tr	O	I hung up the phone and sat on the couch in shock .
tr	O	He still has much to adjust to in this new home .
tr	I	Painted and eyes mouths .
tr	O	She bit back a gasp , narrowing her eyes at him .
tr	O	The Guardian considered it a life 's calling to remove babies from inadequate homes and provide them with better futures .
tr	I	He my glances way again .
tr	I	We 'll sit down together when get I back .
tr	I	Sweaty and nervous , hurried he across to Lewis .
tr	I	She with said earnest thanks and humility .
tr	O	Mrs. Temple was handing out a pop quiz on the John Steinbeck novel I had yet to open .
tr	I	The second impulse won out , forced his feet to stop before they him took all the way pressing her against her car .
tr	O	They want to bring Greg and I on first .
tr	O	There were dozens of desperate defensive tackles , lots of free kicks , more yellow cards .
tr	O	My father felt obliged to report there first , or at least to listen to their thoughts and opinions on when the rain might end .
tr	I	But I wouldn 't want to make any long-term plans until after Ace and I have had a chance to shoot out it .
tr	I	There were occasional splashes of color in a few paintings that were hung on the walls and placed carefully pieces of décor .
tr	I	He was heavily bandaged around the chest and neck , and the fingers two that had lost their nails were encased as well .
tr	I	She 't wasn sure how to reply to that , so she said nothing .
tr	I	Too to late protect them from the inevitable heartbreak she 'd known would come .
tr	I	Flashing Raphael a raised eyebrow he his tapped breast pocket and showed him the corner of a TDK cassette .
tr	I	He 'd passed already that spot .
tr	I	There , he chances to meet and Ambrose Phillip , and has adventures with them that take him to Norway , Sweden , and the Ukraine .
tr	I	Ian inside stepped and closed the door .
tr	O	I kept my mocking smile firmly in place , when really my heart was damn near going to pound straight out of my chest .
tr	O	You 're already halfway there . ) .
tr	O	I rested a hand on the counter .
tr	O	It felt as though there was an invisible veil between myself and her and I couldn 't fully touch her as deeply as I wanted .
tr	O	For once in a lifetime I wished I 'd crossed a Shadow rather than come across Stan and his friends again .
tr	O	At least my granddad wasn 't in danger of losing his hearing anytime soon .
tr	I	He didn 't well sleep at night .
tr	O	I still think that there 's some awful knowledge lurking about inside my head that won 't come out .
tr	O	It would be seen as weakness .
tr	O	I wouldn 't get the brief time of no one bossing me around or bugging me .
tr	O	Even with tarpaulins , the area under cover was small and dank .
tr	I	I smiled imagining an actual list of protocol on one stands night .
tr	O	Despite her exhaustion , she felt like she needed to hear a human voice .
tr	O	Then with a hurt look his little shoulders drooped and he turned and walked away .
tr	I	His broad shoulders and firm build would any match man in this time .
tr	O	On the wall of the keep the main watch fires burned in elevated kettles .
tr	I	They had quite an by arsenal the time they all gathered into the squad room .
tr	I	Though physically he had remained the same -- inhumanly fast and strong -- found he his mind altered .
tr	O	Edwin heard that creaking noise again , and saw a line of metal clad figures marching down the corridor that Maddy had come from .
tr	O	I realized at that moment that I didn 't feel like hunting game anymore .
tr	I	Jack flipped up hood the of his cloak , hiding his face .
tr	O	And the only reason I have to insist on the latter is to make sure that I sustain my appearance in this world .
tr	O	He slammed the door and stepped back , so upset that it took him a minute to notice that the room had gone quiet .
tr	I	Phones had it made so you didn 't have to face a person to say things that you wouldn 't have said , had phones not existed .
tr	O	He pointed a pudgy finger at the shorter man .
tr	I	There no were plants growing next to it , nothing but moist dirt piled against its walls .
tr	I	It wasn 't that was I that fragile .
tr	O	In the back I could hear Haley yelling for everyone to get down to the ground .
tr	O	Jimmy walked up to Cindy and pulled her aside .
tr	I	She hadn 't met Lynette 's husband , but the prayed man was a pillar of goodness and virtue .
tr	I	I cried days for after the accident , but they were not killed .
tr	I	There noises were beyond .
tr	I	My pulse quickened and my blood went strangely cold as he looked straight at me again , green eyes focused on me and serious deadly .
tr	I	Tonight you write 'll your last entry , you won 't die tomorrow , but you won 't be able to write further .
tr	I	She got quickly out her camera and took some pictures .
tr	O	came the female voice .
tr	O	I ran before he had a chance to explain , and later I realized he probably hadn 't done anything wrong .
tr	I	He must have thought I born was without the capacity for direct observation .
tr	I	The air didn 't hurt her nostrils anymore but she still couldn see 't anything .
tr	I	Then someone grabbed my hand and me pulled .
tr	O	We were so careful , she thought , setting up wards three days early and having agents watch the house .
tr	I	His desire to me please made me feel powerful and beautiful , like I 'd never experienced before .
tr	O	He wants it unanimous .
tr	O	The woman gasped and briefly held her hand to her mouth .
tr	O	Or will the cycles of rebirth have ended for them and I will find only emptiness ?
tr	O	Knowing Nathaniel was stationed on the north coast of New South Wales , Devlin decided to visit him while he had some time off .
tr	I	Kylie would devastated be .
tr	I	In those daydreams I never was at a loss for words and he would respond with singular interest , hanging on every word no matter how mundane !
tr	I	He knew it led up to the rooftop platform reviewing .
tr	I	What a vain peacock is man , to believe master himself of his own fortunes .
tr	O	He started with another barrage of energy balls , trying to change it up by having them come from behind me .
tr	I	Where the earth wasn 't orange with fire , it was with red glowing embers .
tr	O	You 're not a stranger .
tr	O	For a moment she closed her eyes , allowing hot water to cascade over her head and just dreaming .
tr	O	It 's been a pleasure doing business with you . '
tr	I	I had to know what angel the had said who had come to my mother .
tr	I	By people more than she had realized .
tr	O	It seems a chain of trades has been set up , all orchestrated by one man , using threats against people .
tr	I	Jillian 's blood was sprayed all over the door bathroom and the floor in front of it for all the world to see .
tr	O	I am glad they are being picked up by experts .
tr	I	Why someone would take her boots ?
tr	O	Jacqueline pulled up at this point , looking relieved to see Angelina standing in one piece .
tr	I	David asked to confirm that were they still connected .
tr	O	She imagined Sean lying in a coffin and smiled , just a curve of the lips before she drifted off to sleep .
tr	I	She told how Liam begun had to evince a deeply held rage that she had never seen before .
tr	O	He abducted our friends .
tr	O	She longed for his presence .
tr	I	His voice was just more than a whisper , but the sentiment was strong enough that I to had look away , tears brimming in my eyes .
tr	I	Helen shot her a grin , so one similar to Simon 's that Kara was momentarily distracted .
tr	O	Putting the taxi in Park , the driver got out and went in to speak to the bartender .
tr	O	He 's waiting for you now .
tr	O	His breath reeked of fish .
tr	O	It might be against the law .
tr	I	I knew it from the first day met I her .
tr	I	he smiled , exposing yellowed his and rotted teeth .
tr	I	There was so much built up in him , he was afraid it might all come out spewing in one fell swoop .
tr	O	He didn 't believe in treating them like employees .
tr	O	Her eyes flew open in alarm .
tr	I	Kimber cheered still with her .
tr	O	Mr. Clancy needs attention .
tr	O	I intentionally pull a chair away from the table to make it known that I wish to remain aloof from the others .
tr	I	Which home brought the fact that her frame of mind had been skewed all day .
tr	I	I had to venture into the city information without .
tr	O	His tense stillness was instantly broken .
tr	O	He bends to say something in Mr. Garrett 's ear , and I stare at the heart monitor going up and down and up and down .
tr	O	And yet you can do nothing but beg for help .
tr	O	That was more people than she used to have before her daddy died , but she was still scared at night .
tr	O	He lapped her up like cream .
tr	O	I 'd been in a curled up position , having fallen over in the floor the minute the sun had come up , almost .
tr	I	We 're resting on our own burn , and right now that may be the thing hardest on the whole planet .
tr	O	But he didn 't want to answer .
tr	O	He was not hurt at all .
tr	I	This was one dangerous room , and we were right in the of middle it .
tr	O	but I wasn 't sure .
tr	O	Whilst De Montagu registered nothing more than general curiosity , Mr Nour looked puzzled .
tr	I	' The bit first .
tr	O	It was a wholly satisfying feeling .
tr	O	It wasn 't the fact that he had made a deal with the thing that might as well 've been Sara 's dad .
tr	I	Will took his chance and silently slipped across the passage and into storeroom the .
tr	O	He glanced behind me , and I took advantage of the momentary distraction .
tr	O	Had she messed something up ?
tr	O	No , I 'm carrying your child , I wanted to say .
tr	I	As if , should let he her go , she 'd disappear forever .
tr	I	' Look , about last night ... ' ' Jasper , I 've heard all it .
tr	O	Even more : he had wanted it .
tr	I	' It right happened here .
tr	I	The eldest , maybe fifteen , hoisted the littlest up onto shoulders her , putting a steadying hand on her legs .
tr	O	He didn 't even think about having to answer a question like this .
tr	I	He doesn respond 't , but he does take out a tiny plastic bag filled with white clumpy powder .
tr	I	They began adventure their of hanging up the flyers around the neighborhood while holding the kitten .
tr	O	I turned ; it was Evan .
tr	O	And I saw her after she died .
tr	I	Waterfalls cascaded from level to level , echoing up and down tunnel the .
tr	I	Some of these machines were models advanced that would not ordinarily have performed such lowly tasks .
tr	O	She would have allowed herself to be struck by Skyler 's monster of a father in order to preserve her way of life .
tr	O	Thankfully , she had something to occupy her hands .
tr	O	She didn 't argue , just watched him over the rim of her glass .
tr	O	Hamilton pulled his jacket up over his head and ran for the helicopter .
tr	O	He could dish it out much better than she could .
tr	I	This is a about story Jack anyway , not about me .
tr	O	He practically reeked sexuality in a classy but blatant sort of way .
tr	I	Close hyperventilating to , I went to open my door but stopped short .
tr	O	The further away he was from us , the safer we all were .
tr	O	During that long ride to the bayou , she had somehow shed one of the remaining slivers of her humanity .
tr	I	He could still the see officers ' faces as he tore down the driveway , and he was soaring .
tr	I	She still could taste him .
tr	I	He missed wife his .
tr	O	She said she didn 't feel right , but when I pressed her she couldn 't tell me what was wrong .
tr	I	I was strong , she frail was .
tr	O	She told everyone she 'd gotten a raise , but even an idiot would guess she couldn 't be making that much .
tr	O	She couldn 't help it , it was habit .
tr	O	She had to pull herself together for her child .
tr	I	That he could do so making without physical contact meant that his talent was truly off the charts .
tr	I	I need more practice if I want be to as good with it as I am with guns .
tr	O	I Think I Must Have Left Them On The Dresser .
tr	O	I didn 't think it was possible for a person to be as crazy as he was .
tr	O	Once everyone was in place , I went ahead and sent us back to the cornfield .
tr	O	It was all too obvious where that fool of a commanding officer had put them .
tr	O	The top she wore was perhaps sizes smaller and drew attention to her slender waistline .
tr	I	He had taken baby her .
tr	O	Ladle in hand he left the barn , back on the road , and back to the clearing .
tr	O	Her h * ps could have kept time with the damn beat .
tr	O	Upon this barrier , he flung his spirit until there was almost nothing left except the sin that would not be forgiven .
tr	I	I so was utterly terrified that my body just hung there like a ragdoll and trembled .
tr	O	I could only imagine the level of guilt she must be feeling , having had her last conversation with Kyle as an argument .
tr	I	It was nice to go back to school , it gave me something to do , to something focus on .
tr	O	He looked around the room at the demolished computer equipment .
tr	I	He thanked luck his that people only knew him on the island as Ben Carlson .
tr	O	A flash of light winked from out of the trees to his left .
tr	O	As Sunny grew paler beside him , he thought it was probably best not to tell her .
tr	O	When we were talking about you , of course .
tr	I	A bristling voice with authority cut them short .
tr	O	At first glance Clyde had been afraid to enter the room and approach him .
tr	I	A fresh face to the school , Becky and Lilly to took me very quickly , but not all of them .
tr	O	A few minutes later , he heard her by the bed again and opened his eyes to see her rummaging through a square case .
tr	O	I averted my eyes .
tr	I	Letting test-drive him me .
tr	O	He was trying to make me laugh .
tr	I	She 't didn fuss .
tr	I	It would a explain lot .
tr	O	And I kind of recognized her in a distant way .
tr	I	The base for was the workers and slaves , they lived a dull endless life of work and more work .
tr	I	I 'm again happy .
tr	I	He presses his already blood permeated sleeve up to his nose it and cloths some of the blood , however a lot falls to the floor .
tr	I	You can feel it in bones your .
tr	O	I gritted my teeth at the thought .
tr	I	Dad would be fine on his own tonight , especially with doctor the just minutes away .
tr	I	But if Hux wants me as badly as he tells else everyone ?
tr	I	But she now 'd give anything to be able to hear words of love from her husband .
tr	I	my father says the from other side .
tr	O	Three looked like they were completed , but they had no lights on .
tr	O	Slowly , he reclined in the tub again , raising the water again to half full .
tr	I	Peter Marx , would it seem , has been on this station with us for some time . '
tr	O	I see , I see now ! '
tr	O	CHAPTER 6 Cassie paced her room restlessly , her gaze darting continuously to the darkened night .
tr	O	The sun would be more energetic , and then pieces on the moon could be calm , quiet ; peaceful .
tr	I	Why we are here ? '
tr	I	He would soon know enough .
tr	O	But it was the younglings that mostly affected her .
tr	O	Cole stepped protectively in front of her and knocked the plate out of the way .
tr	O	I want you to think about your answers , and you don 't have to tell me .
tr	I	Father that says Eris is the first ruler of this world and the most powerful , which is why those of the Damned flock to her .
tr	O	- How old are you ?
tr	O	I laid back on the stiff hospital pillow but rest was the last thing I could command my mind to do .
tr	O	She hadn 't deserted .
tr	I	I my open eyes .
tr	I	he asked as he moved the to other breast .
tr	I	I close my eyes heavy .
tr	O	His fingers touched her arm in the lightest of caresses .
tr	I	Time slowed she as opened the folded vote .
tr	I	It looked like she 'd been crying and her clothes seen had better days .
tr	I	Wilf is the taking rear of a long caravan .
tr	O	Some of the miners joining us helped dig that tunnel , sir .
tr	O	She plucked her collar up to her neck as her face reddened .
tr	I	I fluff the hair and even find the will to slap a gloss little on the pucker .
tr	I	I had to myself remind to shut my mouth when I realized it was agape .
tr	I	He wrapped his arms her around .
tr	I	Flaws in the meteorite data that never NASA saw ?
tr	I	Second , we can 't pay these men and the counties will unwilling be to do so .
tr	O	He 'd had no real affection for or loyalty to her .
tr	O	Let 's be real here , you never really knew him .
tr	O	Kristina 's eyes promised that they would have a private talk later .
tr	I	The house was quiet as I my made way upstairs .
tr	I	He looked up in hayloft the .
tr	O	The first on the list ?
tr	I	Maybe it 's such not a bad idea .
tr	O	I picked a pair for myself and then turned , scanning for food .
tr	O	Maggie 's father turned away toward the altar , raised the knife , and jerked it toward the young woman 's heart .
tr	I	The new understanding swelled inside her , along with a sense of how she could fit into his life an in unexpected way .
tr	O	She was still baffled about where it all went wrong .
tr	I	She was and confused angry .
tr	I	You 've been gathering resources to get some yourself strategic allies , haven 't you ?
tr	I	He passed up it to his front row of cowboys , but the Indian goalie blocked the shot .
tr	O	They are capable of a lot of damage in the few seconds it would take me to get to you from here .
tr	O	How much time passed , he wasn 't sure .
tr	I	Tiffany obviously didn 't hold this view -- Kevin sensed quickly it and didn 't even tell her his landline number to avoid problems in the future .
tr	O	As the morning sun warmed the windows , she read it again , her eyes slowing as she reached the final paragraph .
tr	O	First on the agenda is the Russian prison affair .
tr	O	My feet faltered when I realized I wasn 't alone .
tr	O	Suddenly , I had lost all courage to tell him what I was going to say , which is to say the least of my worries .
tr	I	Why would Dank be out in here the dark playing my lullaby ?
tr	I	The gold coins he had buried in the 1880s hadn 't been by found anyone else and were worth a fortune in this century .
tr	I	There was no knowing how could it take people .
tr	O	I saw Eva in Natalie 's robe .
tr	O	The relief was enough to make her dizzy .
tr	O	She parted his shirt .
tr	I	And then he was in car the .
tr	I	Are you me kidding ?
tr	O	She was pushing a jogging carriage with a small baby in it .
tr	O	I sucked in a breath , not fully sure of what to do , and ran for the back door .
tr	I	My voice husky was with sorrow and heavy with pain .
tr	I	I haven 't seen place the as yet but tomorrow I 'll go there .
tr	I	I wanted to know if she 'd forgiven me , if she would let me be a part her of life .
tr	O	Throw in some scented bath beads .
tr	O	Sebastian had been just deep enough in his cups that he hadn 't felt the cold water shock his body as he jumped in after her .
tr	I	The dogs stopped barking , but they 't didn come toward him .
tr	I	The sleeves were long so she had to roll them up several times , then wrap the robe nearly twice around herself before closing it .
tr	O	She had driven off every eligible male with a tongue that had been honed to a fine , sharp edge .
tr	I	I can feel heat off radiating him .
tr	O	He is too busy thinking .
tr	O	He 's forgetful and even though I told him about this a month ago , he won 't remember .
tr	I	He sure was that something had brushed his leg .
tr	I	He cursed himself for continuing with his vendetta against Anderson the 's .
tr	I	Her son held up the card as if he was holding map a for buried treasure .
tr	O	The unmistakable ring of clashing steel .
tr	O	It had painted foot impressions on the floor , and a thin metal rail behind them , which was about four feet tall .
tr	I	Now that Charlie was gone , that was hope lost ?
tr	I	That he would lead me to a magic key that unlock would my salvation ?
tr	O	She slipped her hand into Jacques ' and clung to him , feeling she had something in common with Raven .
tr	I	When my eyes locked with one of the girl 's , my heart stopped and I forced to myself contain a scream at what I saw .
tr	O	But , having Bastian tell me I looked good made it even better .
tr	I	He was beautiful , breathtaking beautiful ; His strong jaw , sculptured and cheekbones nose .
tr	I	Every councilman the but Sage had one figurine .
tr	I	Perhaps a only fraction .
tr	I	She looked down at Damen , with dizzy the pleasure his kisses gave her , and found him lifting his head .
tr	O	The sweet scent of blood called to her .
tr	I	The legs were running , and the sound was getting closer each on side , closing them in .
tr	O	And they all had a problem .
tr	O	Sweet treats , like gourmet chocolate and fancy alcohols .
tr	I	Chelsea is still for waiting you .
tr	O	It took all I had to keep my energy from exploding out of me .
tr	I	She managed 'd to avoid answering too many questions .
tr	I	It was only a matter of time before found she our data .
tr	I	He kept assuring her that the worst was over and everything would a take new and good beginning .
tr	O	Led to a booth toward the front of the restaurant , the boy climbed in first , moving far enough inside to be cut from my view .
tr	O	She refused to give anyone a reason to question why she had to cancel , or to delve into where she 'd been .
tr	O	His pet monster stood slightly ahead of him and to his left .
tr	O	It still felt strange to wear a ring .
tr	I	Between those sofas two was a coffee table .
tr	I	She flinched when he sat the on edge of the bed .
tr	I	Giles will find way a to save you , Amber .
tr	O	He moaned and buried his face in his hands .
tr	I	A escaped sob her lips .
tr	I	The rider something cranked , and a tent of blue electrical arcs erupted around him , sucking the errant grappler toward itself like a magnet .
tr	O	The flames of the candles spiked like some special effect on a movie screen .
tr	O	They were all floating above a bright blue light that pulsed slowly .
tr	O	They 're only a few hundred yards away .
tr	I	He looks me at through watery eyes .
tr	I	In the booths along the opposite wall , couples and foursomes sipped wine and waited for their jambalaya or gumbo or of one Mack 's dinner specials .
tr	O	Henry chuckled now as did the other two .
tr	O	And it was always the same .
tr	O	My heart was breaking .
tr	O	I am responsible for it all .
tr	I	Peter up stood and spoke in his mother 's voice .
tr	I	Founders Square looked even more antiquated the in dark .
tr	I	I stick to breathing slowly to avoid having freakout another .
tr	I	He sighed glanced and around .
tr	I	Just as she was to about risk getting out , Nick took a call on his mobile .
tr	O	It was a Portuguese engraving originally dated 1642 and reprinted in an 1842 volume .
tr	I	He pulled out battered a red journal and proffered it unsteadily .
tr	I	I 'm Carrie , this and is Finn .
tr	I	He 's on breathing his own and still has reflexes .
tr	I	I could use it to them heal .
tr	O	She was actually calling him out .
tr	O	I have done bad things and even God has abandoned me now .
tr	O	I threw a glance toward Charlie on the couch , but he was studiously ignoring us .
tr	O	If Ty wasn 't going to lead the discussion , someone had to .
tr	O	If he could not have her in the flesh , he would settle for whatever he could get .
tr	O	It approached me , its posture timid , and crouched by my side looking for approval .
tr	I	I followed them soon as as they were at the edge of sight .
tr	O	Emma had no idea what or whom she was referring to , but followed like a puppy .
tr	O	Had I completely lost my mind ?
tr	I	Something in sparked that pretty little brain of hers and she quickly shoved her wrist in front of my mouth .
tr	I	New are choices made possible .
tr	O	She dropped it into the jar on the counter .
tr	I	She met the man 's eyes for calmly a full minute of silence , then dropped her voice into a more conversational register .
tr	O	I was very respectful , and please believe me when I tell you , I had my eyes closed and didn 't touch you .
tr	O	Jace bit down on Deni 's lower lip , eliciting a gasp from her but also laughter .
tr	I	With agitated an sigh , the boy makes his way across the weaving and dipping path , finally reaching an ideal spot to line up a shot .
tr	I	He dove headfirst into the tunnel , pushing through the thin cobwebs that filled cramped the space and disappearing into the gloom .
tr	O	~ ~ ~ Exiting the packing plant following his interview Daniel wondered why he 'd bothered to buy a suit at all .
tr	O	The bearers set down the litter and the Priest was lifted out of it .
tr	I	Usually Greyson was his in office , already started in on his work for the day .
tr	O	He never said very much about that day , though .
tr	O	Not the Kira and basketball ones .
tr	O	When they realized it was a bad dream , they left me with her and I held her until her shaking stopped and she fell back asleep .
tr	I	The pain of loss was fresh every night , but I longer no begged to have it taken away .
tr	I	He could fit in just with about anyone , anywhere .
tr	I	Maia 's filled eyes suddenly with tears .
tr	O	Not in the way he had feelings for Kelly , he thought , another completely different set of emotions rising in his throat .
tr	I	I spread some of the gooseberry jam over a fresh roll and I moaned at the of explosion flavor .
tr	I	Moss had Hill done the trick .
tr	I	I exclaimed , horrified that there were people sick that and obsessed running loose .
tr	I	He held heavy a burden in his eyes and his face had begun to darken with stubble .
tr	I	After many from sips the equally delicious wine , I felt myself slip into a warm , happy stupor .
tr	I	Hawk smiled but could say no more as flurry a of excited Students descended upon the practice yard and ended all conversation .
tr	I	She tipped her glass against mine lifted and it in a toast .
tr	I	Of course , he had way no of knowing how deep the snow might be .
tr	I	And Manuel was no longer the at door .
tr	O	The cabin was configured for luxury , not some mundane utilitarian role .
tr	I	He followed until their foreheads and touched their lips were mere inches apart .
tr	I	She wanted to share day this with her parents and friends back home .
tr	I	Maryellen pointed her brush at Gene if as it were a pistol .
tr	O	He pulled again and I allowed it for a few steps .
tr	O	The Grass Man 's path isn 't hard to follow .
tr	O	Natalie cleared her throat .
tr	I	There 's so many beaches ranging developed from to unspoiled with plenty of fishing .
tr	O	And that was something she had absolutely no desire to answer .
tr	I	Gently me pressing further into the counter , the hem of my top slid up , the cool marble chilling my skin .
tr	O	Not only did they frequently leap to totally unwarranted conclusions , but they also insisted on discussing their delusions at dawn with pistols .
tr	I	They were alone in darkness the .
tr	O	She might be curious , but she needed to find out more about this mysterious spike before she accidentally tripped over it in the waning dark .
tr	I	Why should weep you ?
tr	I	What was left of the world was than less half the area of a farmer 's field .
tr	O	My hands are also tied behind my back .
tr	O	Now it was pulling something even larger from the pile between the fuel tank and the refrigerator .
tr	I	Lindsay 's cheeks colored , the exact of shade her hair .
tr	I	I WON DELAY 'T YOU , he said .
tr	O	This had to be it !
tr	I	Trying to clear his mind , he on concentrated the task at hand .
tr	I	I could lights see there .
tr	I	They up popped everywhere .
tr	I	It was the first I time 'd pled with him for any sense of compassion since that night .
tr	O	Raegan was standing next to my door in the hallway , her eyes begging me for reprieve .
tr	O	That 's where I met Joe .
tr	O	She rushed forward and tugged on the fabric .
tr	O	Amy was already waiting for me downstairs as I exited the revolving doors of the John Hancock Building .
tr	O	He 's going to break your heart .
tr	O	' Of course , it goes without saying . '
tr	O	A couple of birds flitted overhead but other than that all seemed quiet .
tr	O	When nothing more returned to him , he realized Lily had fallen asleep .
tr	O	Spend time with the ones you love .
tr	I	The demon toward lurched the boy .
tr	I	Hester watched him in the mirror , waiting for remorse the to cross his expressive features .
tr	O	There was so much blood .
tr	I	Vaughn trouble had looking away .
tr	I	Alanna 's frenzy began a few before seconds his did .
tr	O	Nobody noticed that Curtis wasn 't in school .
tr	O	I don 't have any clothes here .
tr	I	Although he could arrogant be and self-centered , he is sweet most of the time .
tr	O	I think we were all glad that there was no suggestion of feasts or days of ceremony .
tr	I	I stretch neck my expectantly toward the group .
tr	O	Normally I 'd snap at him for that , but danger hung heavy in the air .
tr	O	Few love affairs could be more intense , yet we spoke of Eadie and Edward , of history and magic .
tr	O	The cargo that had come in was being tended to and hauled off to different stores .
tr	O	Once in the water , it swam tentatively .
tr	O	he asked before the concierge could hang up .
tr	I	The investigated guards the cupboard , moved the pallets , and looked out the windows to see whether anyone was hiding .
tr	I	Even though I was stil lying under thermal the blankets , Daphne 's words made me shiver , because I knew they were true .
tr	O	She took the Boda and ate them quickly , they tasted bitter , not at all like those in the nourishing soup of home .
tr	I	I still was a little kid .
tr	I	If so , were how they to find them ?
tr	I	It dropped smoothly into the of darkness the unlit shaft .
tr	O	Finally locating the boy , Link begins to charge but quickly reconsiders when he sees Mai awaiting her chosen 's embrace .
tr	O	came the question that was almost spoken in unison .
tr	O	We stand together under judgment sky .
tr	I	They pressed the around perimeter of the base , gathering more archetypes as they went .
tr	I	A knowing smirk touched pale the features .
tr	I	It was the only to way describe what she felt after everything her parents had told her .
tr	I	All things considered , he respect did the wolf .
tr	I	' I thought the Fog ate that everyone touched it ? '
tr	I	The flicker first of dawn began to show far off on the horizon .
tr	O	Just the thought of her twin babies made a smile light up her face until she remembered her own question .
tr	I	Though premonitions were a handy thing to have for a lot things of , they would not help him .
tr	O	He took my hand and led me to his motorcycle .
tr	O	said Gaspar pointing on a specific region of the map .
tr	O	Austin whirled toward Noah .
tr	I	He gazed at her as she worked but did not interrupt , so deeply engaged did she seem the in task at hand .
tr	O	Half an hour later , I 'm amazed at my own naivete .
tr	I	We must be getting closer , he still remembered industrial the area of the city .
tr	I	Gideon discovered himself trembling with the effort to his control suddenly raging emotions .
tr	I	He made had all the rules and I had blithely followed them out of fear that not doing so would lose him .
tr	I	She looked more beautiful to him than before ever .
tr	O	Since lowering out of the gondola , the harsh world swallowed him whole .
tr	I	Especially the smile into the sun with Lady Liberty background as .
tr	O	The blonde and red-head were only a few tables , away .
tr	O	The hair that stuck out at the bottom of his ski mask was black with touches of gray .
tr	I	They would get visions of all death the time .
tr	O	Onward towards the grim shore of that dreaded Island .
tr	I	She fingered the edge of her tattoo , a source constant of agony , another debt of blood that she owed that knight .
tr	O	As with everything in their life , Jolene 's vote was the one that counted .
tr	O	Soon she was thrashing about and not even caring .
tr	I	He was decomposing , all blood , gore , skull and .
tr	O	It wasn 't Chandler who answered the door .
tr	I	That what 's I like , it makes me laugh .
tr	O	Her hand quivered within Marguerite 's grasp and her obvious fear and apprehension broke Marguerite 's heart .
tr	I	She whacked it on her thigh and light the came back on .
tr	I	My voice light is now , but the words are true .
tr	I	I set my bag down and inside reached for the glossy documents Richard and I prepared for a follow-up meeting .
tr	O	He breathed a silent prayer .
tr	O	Aren 't there any pants I can wear or anything like that ?
tr	O	He was not only their coach , but their friend .
tr	I	One that even not the changing seasons could disrupt .
tr	O	I guess the relief of having Mom safe sort of pushed that ugly truth out of my mind .
tr	O	I cocked my head .
tr	O	That was the question .
tr	O	I need to do this right .
tr	I	I looked into the innocent blue eyes of the little cat , and the dismissed first option .
tr	I	He used the time to remove the sausages numerous from the heat of the grill .
tr	O	I perk up at the thought .
tr	O	And she was wasting time thinking crazy thoughts !
tr	O	At least he was no ordinary SEAL .
tr	O	He 'd never even seen them .
tr	O	Completely visible , a looming tower of danger .
tr	O	He stepped inside and immediately turned to face her , stepping into her personal space .
tr	O	Rudy got more specific .
tr	O	Dayan was as gentle as ever , his expression never changing as he continued to look directly into Lisa 's eyes .
tr	O	She wasn 't stupid .
tr	I	I peered at up him through the dim lighting .
tr	I	I took a high glass and brought the merlot me with upstairs .
tr	I	None , honestly , and she wasn 't proud that of .
tr	I	Just a table in the center of the room with a telephone sitting on it and a few chairs it around .
tr	O	I don 't believe it ... I sighed impatiently .
tr	O	Words that tore him apart .
tr	O	Her silver eyes were as severe and scrutinizing as ever .
tr	O	I wanted it to be established beyond a doubt and in a court of law that George Ashdown is innocent and that his daughter is blind .
tr	O	I feel dirty all over .
tr	I	And so they departed , that realizing they way out was whatever they wanted it to be , and so they made it a pancake .
tr	I	Moments later she sings a that lullaby I remember from childhood .
tr	O	He was standing over Basha with his sword locked with Shama 's sword .
tr	O	The man spits out a curse and pulls back several inches , giving me time and space to roll onto my back .
tr	O	He leaned over me gazing at the weapons as a child would at a new shiny toy .
tr	I	His left hand moved down to my ass , kneading at the fleshy cheek , me spreading open even further .
tr	O	He had to come back to me , that you must understand and accept .
tr	I	For nearly an hour the after toxin was administered , any muscle contraction would cause a burst of excruciating pain , making movement intolerable .
tr	I	The friend term was being used as loosely as boyfriend .
tr	I	He removed the cork and the handed bottle to Amy .
tr	O	She took this as her cue to keep going .
tr	I	And she kept on sucking her on thumb a little too hard .
tr	O	He 's a handsome fellow , isn 't he ?
tr	I	Sydney another made surprise turn , one that the Escalade got honked at for copying .
tr	O	Then she had heard the faint toll of a bell .
tr	I	And now he would pay for that momentary thrill a with broken heart .
tr	I	Sometimes they use the women for other as things well , if they are a raiding party and their own females are not with them . '
tr	I	Then he removed his thumbs and rubbed them through the moisture to tease her nub until she could the feel pleasure begin to build again .
tr	I	Crossing the room , he wraps his arms me around .
tr	I	There 's no way I have could left you behind in that room .
tr	O	You proved that the tattoo worked .
tr	O	The tube lay on its side .
tr	O	He had been feeling sick ever since his mother had given him her ability .
tr	O	I 'm so busy reliving old nightmares that I don 't know we 've got company until Dina shouts .
tr	O	Bowser ran to the lifts , still trying to contact Stannard on his phone .
tr	O	He started to have trouble breathing .
tr	O	The song seemed to go and on .
tr	I	Fear slicked like ice just under Jared 's skin , and his heart beat erratically as he at stared them .
tr	I	Clarity stumbled on a rack laid on the floor and pushed a container filled with blue lite Lava melted wax .
tr	I	It was the only third time in as many hours that he 'd asked .
tr	O	A white cloth fluttered appeal .
tr	I	I hope you think I am able to do more than together breed some lesser creatures and call the Manti .
tr	I	Carrie yawned , and I tell could how exhausted she was .
tr	O	I want to be reckless and passionate .
tr	I	Do not make me face a life of without emptiness you again .
tr	I	Like 'd she been through hell .
tr	I	If reaction his was any indication , he 'd experienced it , too .
tr	O	My hands grip her shoulders and pin her against the edge of the temporary construction office .
tr	O	Huge chunks of metal lay scattered haphazardly about the floor , and several of the windows had burst open , letting in foggy evening light .
tr	O	Brick was instantly offended .
tr	O	When you catch a picture of someone stealing in a store or bank and don 't know them , the picture is fuzzy .
tr	I	She could think nothing of to say .
tr	O	Odysseus pretended to roll his eyes .
tr	O	Mr. Pena looked up to the students towards the back of the room .
tr	O	Her father 's laugh echoed in the tiny office .
tr	O	What had happened to change her so ?
tr	I	They took a few moments to sit in the dirty laundry and contemplate before to going bed .
tr	I	His aura military swelled unmistakably .
tr	I	She would rest until came he back .
tr	O	Cassidy rose with a groan , but her arms went right around Diego .
tr	I	He pulled up her and in a second , Mia was standing safely on the roof again .
tr	O	I can 't wait until London .
tr	O	He would have ceased to function .
tr	O	And who else knew about the servant stairs that wormed secretly through the tower ?
tr	I	He gave a shrug lopsided .
tr	I	Vicki stared at Mrs. Heath , unable to believe she could talk about so it calmly .
tr	I	Once both feet slipped and he caught with himself his right hand , the pain in his shoulder tearing at him , but he forced himself on .
tr	O	Almost certainly he was up to mischief .
tr	O	General Tipton jerked a silver carbine from his pack and opened fire .
tr	O	I got an unpleasant call from Jackson who got calls from both Todd Wilbraham and the District Director .
tr	O	Police say he was stabbed at the base of his skull by an unknown assailant using a sharp object .
tr	I	It was an unaccustomed and outburst we travelled in silence for a space .
tr	O	I promise you that you are safe with me .
tr	I	She went and looked out the of windows the next room .
tr	O	So they had to meet in secret .
tr	I	I on lay my side facing his back and spooned him , my arm around his chest , stroking the fur than ran down his midline .
tr	O	Forte rolled away from the box and looked inside it .
tr	I	There was a knock at my door and I whomever told it was to come in before remembering that the door was locked .
tr	O	The fellow didn 't need to know the actual story .
tr	O	It was hard to distinguish who was who .
tr	I	But this person also has be to uncompromisingly stoopid .
tr	I	In fact , it seems barely human .
tr	O	Don 't know what irked them , but they 've been on a bit of a rampage .
tr	O	That is the real universe , always has been , always will be .
tr	I	He down squatted behind the sergeant in command of section three and tapped him on the shoulder .
tr	I	I just found out she has a ... brand like the one on the page .
tr	I	Can remember you anything new for us ?
tr	I	We can talk 't about it over the phone .
tr	O	All would not go as easily as this .
tr	I	It was really hard to over get .
tr	I	Just then beeper my vibrates .
tr	O	Will they never find peace , with none to sing the songs for them ?
tr	I	He Lewis hustled and Anna ahead of him .
tr	O	My mind is powerful .
tr	I	None of the men met eyes her .
tr	O	Aidan climbed back to his feet .
tr	O	He sat down next to me , our knees touching as seriousness once again crept into his eyes .
tr	O	He pinched the plastic covering the white and slid the loaf in front of him .
tr	I	No wonder she so was guarded .
tr	I	Sweat trickled his down forehead .
tr	I	I 'd the spend night with my television , my cat and my eclairs .
tr	O	Suki glared at her .
tr	O	It wasn 't like they had a choice .
tr	O	There are cuticles etched in the fingernails , veins at the delicate wrists .
tr	O	Dylan cocked his head to the side .
tr	I	Word will get around the money set , and the money set are always into some of kind mischief .
tr	O	I must leave before my presence is felt elsewhere . '
tr	I	Never thought that would sentence ever come out of my mouth .
tr	O	Both of them were young and eager .
tr	I	The did spirits that sort of thing all the time .
tr	O	My eyes met those of the man who had spoken to me .
tr	O	Well , I have news for you , Radcliffe .
tr	I	I belonged my to Seth .
tr	I	Michael lifted baby his , carried her up the flight of stairs and tucked her in bed .
tr	O	What else was he going to come up with to get me to take him with me ?
tr	I	It would likely most kill him .
tr	I	He frowned slightly as he tried to figure out what to say turning without her down .
tr	I	Then again , is anything better than nothing .
tr	I	But for now it off 's the agenda . '
tr	O	Like as deep as it goes .
tr	O	The Butcher of Merida .
tr	I	I allowed myself to relax practiced with confident aloofness and signaled for the other van to empty with us .
tr	I	He walked down the short hall , flipping the light on in that room , stopping the in doorway , his arm baring her from coming in .
tr	I	I know I 'm more tired than .
tr	I	She felt in amazing his arms , like hugging a little piece of heaven .
tr	O	Hands in his pockets .
tr	O	' Marriage to you is no guarantee of that .
tr	O	I studied the waves , as Akira did , pretending not to notice the slip .
tr	O	He didn 't say anything , so Rebecca opened her eyes to see if he 'd fallen asleep .
tr	O	Elana whipped her hands away from his chest and shook her head .
tr	I	He wanted to know who Keith was really .
tr	O	He could have formed a fiery sword from air and cleaved her head from her body , but didn 't .
tr	I	The turned Inquisitor , leaving the cell and slamming its barred door ; then he disappeared through a doorway on the other side of the room .
tr	O	He paused , circling his eyes to the sky .
tr	O	It 's as if when things went well for him then so they went for me , but if they were to go badly ?
tr	I	Maybe a day was short too for me to have him .
tr	I	I 'd wanted more happen to , in all honesty , and I could tell Gray did , too .
tr	O	Please , retrieve a penny from the wooden railing for your single thought and then toss your penny into the wishing well .
tr	I	He reached and for felt her arm .
tr	I	The policemen stand as the second most feared organization on this planet , but we are also the oppressed most .
tr	O	What was she talking about ?
tr	O	The warriors hastily met in the largest hut and frantically put together a plan for battle .
tr	I	He 's formally himself introducing .
tr	I	... don 't want to you be lackadaisical going into this CNN debate this afternoon .
tr	I	The torpedoes splashed on the water and dashed in line straight toward the target below .
tr	I	The vintage good was .
tr	I	Confused , I it took as he pulled me to my feet .
tr	O	' I called him Earl yesterday . '
tr	O	Her ears burned , and she wanted to kick herself for being so dumb .
tr	I	The Irishman palmed the bill , adjusted cap his so the visor part was in the back and jumped down from the stool .
tr	O	It wasn 't too long ago he was looking up into the stars and sharing his childhood dreams with Gwen .
tr	O	Food wasn 't a good enough reason to stay , though .
tr	I	Oh , Cale had tracker a , too .
tr	I	He pushed himself up again and held to on the table until his protesting wound stopped the persistent throbbing .
tr	O	The family will be arriving en masse tomorrow , so it will be good to have someone normal around to chat to .
tr	I	How he did not see it before ?
tr	O	Wind blew through my hair and ruffled the sleeves of my dark red hoodie .
tr	I	Chapter Celaena 9 stood before the rosewood mirror , smiling .
tr	O	I think I should take this .
tr	I	' She went for a moonlight swim in what turned to out be a crocodile . '
tr	O	He reached around to his bag and felt the comforting outline of the axe handle through the heavy material .
tr	I	It was comforting and proved to her he that wasn 't angry that she 'd been unable to have sex that night .
tr	I	His tracked eyes the motion of the small jet as it rose and was swallowed by the clouds .
tr	I	I back smiled trying to lighten up the somber mood .
tr	O	Stumbling from bed , and proceeding by feel alone , she made her way down the stairs somehow without taking a tumble , and found the kitchen .
tr	O	Laurel probably didn 't even remember his name .
tr	O	Gabriel went on to say more vows that we repeated .
tr	I	The was night dreadfully wintry .
tr	O	She shrugged one shoulder .
tr	I	They might have even known each if other Mr. Deville had grown up in the Palm Grove area .
tr	I	I thought about a becoming seal .
tr	O	I 'd use protection .
tr	I	He was halfway through when Jem made a noise realization of , clearly recognizing the Mark that his friend was drawing .
tr	O	What happened next seemed to unfold in slow motion .
tr	O	She 's the most comely female in all of Massachusetts and I 'd challenge any man to say different .
tr	I	Bryce couldn 't match Geoffrey detached 's tone .
tr	O	He didn 't understand her reaction , but then the whole family seemed strange .
tr	O	Jamie cut the connection before I could thank him and I changed my phone 's settings so that the battery would drain as quickly as possible .
tr	I	However , she was the most for qualified the task .
tr	O	Her voice was high pitched and shook with her visible nervousness .
tr	I	Toby rubbed forehead his looking out the windshield .
tr	O	The door opened with a click .
tr	O	As to my affairs of late I 've been seeing Riley almost on a daily basis .
tr	O	Such small , innocuous words .
tr	O	I never turn down an opportunity for dinner with a beautiful woman .
tr	I	said High the Priest .
tr	I	Most the of boys were involved in gangs and drug dealing .
tr	O	His short blond hair looked greasy , as if it hadn 't been washed in ages .
tr	O	He desperately wanted to take away that pain by bringing Kelly back to her mother 's arms .
tr	I	You couldn 't have him gotten in that tub alone , no way .
tr	I	He was watching to see reaction her to that news , if it was news to her .
tr	O	I mentioned that the Faith hasn 't taken kindly to Martin 's shift in governing style .
tr	I	I caught the seat back with both hands so I wouldn 't up fly the aisle .
tr	I	My money on was the sneaking and thieving explanation .
tr	I	I mean , even my dad that does .
tr	I	I into sighed his chest .
tr	O	The shock mostly wore off by the time the doorbell rang again , and Evan and his family came in .
tr	I	John gave the pistol back to Captain Sam Black and smiled up at the man .
tr	I	He realized he was enjoying attention the .
tr	I	Anthony didn 't seem care to about the protection spell ; he was too preoccupied with the presence of the head demon .
tr	I	Flaherty waited until were they all present before beginning .
tr	O	Why doesn 't he do something when we are so obviously ready to be fully joined ?
tr	I	She hugged her tightly mother .
tr	I	Blake shouted an and order the helicopter 's blades slowly started turning .
tr	I	He his shook head slowly , still not moving otherwise .
tr	O	We have a reputation to uphold .
tr	I	While he into disappeared the bathroom , she mounted the steps to the upstairs .
tr	I	Dulcie pumped both fists the in air .
tr	O	By that time , I think we will know for sure , you and I. Yes , I 'm really looking forward to nightfall .
tr	O	His eyes are still on mine when he slides one long finger inside me .
tr	O	I still ride a desk in Vice .
tr	I	He looks never shaky .
tr	O	Because the human police would overreact , lock up Eric , maybe go after his family , and who knew what else .
tr	O	The same goes for my guards , of course .
tr	I	It was one of few the places to escape the radical redecoration endeavors of my brother .
tr	I	He been 'd all thumbs trying to get the condom on , and neither had really known what they were doing .
tr	O	He sliced a line over his heart and pressed her mouth to his chest that he might continue the ritual of binding her to him .
tr	I	Her shoulders slumped , her only acknowledgment that she had lost battle this of wills .
tr	I	This go might on for weeks or months .
tr	O	Jake said , sighing and turning away to head back towards the truck .
tr	O	I 'm not there yet , but I 'm much closer than I 've ever been to finding my euphoria .
tr	I	The from pleasure her bite had been electric .
tr	O	Didn 't she understand ?
tr	I	My guess be would Victoria .
tr	O	Lea rose her arms and put them in the Peek-a-boo stance .
tr	O	Something to improve her frame of mind .
tr	O	She felt a thrill of possessive pride as it became clear that Liam was coming straight towards her - to the surprise of her neighbors .
tr	O	' That might be more interesting .
tr	I	And God her help , so was she .
tr	O	She didn 't argue though .
tr	O	His plain face morphed as he pushed away from the chair .
tr	I	Ken overlapped , and was just in time as he saw the three strangers at the end of the driveway towards fly them .
tr	O	There was a screech of rage from the direction of the machine .
tr	I	I write these words in steel , anything for not set in metal cannot be trusted .
tr	O	Gabe reached out and shook her hand .
tr	O	There was a short pause when the nurse who had been manhandling Alex quietly slipped out of the room .
tr	O	Grandpa Jamie sighed and shook his head .
tr	O	Then the fur receded and she recognized him .
tr	O	Maybe it never occurred to the good doctors that sometimes a couple might just be hot for each other or angry or sad .
tr	O	She had to be his mate .
tr	O	But I think it was the idea of him I liked , not the real person .
tr	I	He opened his as eyes his daughter squeezed his hand .
tr	O	I wished I had Jess as an excuse this time .
tr	O	Even my mother loves him , and she is impossible to impress .
tr	I	I was going to take out the and Council every freaking Master on this planet .
tr	I	A breeze eased through branches the with mocking chuckles .
tr	O	I felt a sense of freedom that couldn 't possibly exist .
tr	I	It hurt to stretch , so I withdrew and hugged my arms to tight myself .
tr	I	Lord knows his mother asked me about it chance every she got .
tr	O	what else would you have me ?
tr	I	Jane had removed the heavy clothing she 'd worn during their assault in Marseille and had changed a into clingy dress .
tr	O	No , nothing out of the ordinary .
tr	O	Your father met with them when he was in London last week and invited the family to visit our garden .
tr	O	He had volunteered to come out and personally deliver the message .
tr	O	Groth sat methodically smoking as the day got darker .
tr	I	Doc was talking needle about marks , from shooting steroids .
tr	I	She stretched settled and deeper into the chair .
tr	I	After everything she 'd told him , he owed the her truth .
tr	I	There were people bustling everywhere around us .
tr	I	Probable date the of Apostolic Council in Jerusalem .
tr	I	Lots and lots drugs of .
tr	I	As if that question was the key that opened the door to the last many days , recent his history came flooding back , and Arun knew .
tr	I	He pulled some thick nylon from cord the truck and bound Valerie 's hands behind her back .
tr	I	He patted the seat empty beside him .
tr	I	But why was chasing he her down ?
tr	O	We can cut the live feed and make it seem real .
tr	I	He shrank against the cement as giant shoes stamped the down steps .
tr	O	Bob wore a heavy apron stained with blood and was carrying a large butcher 's knife as he walked over .
tr	I	She raised both eyebrows and for nodded him to go find their treasure .
tr	I	Tom kept playing , baring teeth his .
tr	O	She closed her eyes and waited for his instructions .
tr	O	Leaning over , I ripped it free with a single yank .
tr	I	Jacobs stepped over and saw the blood on the agent 's side and coming more from his chest .
tr	O	She 'd set it all up , laid it out before him .
tr	O	There was something wrong with its shape , the slow way it moved a lazy study rather than one of emergency urgency .
tr	I	Frustration like burned acid in his belly .
tr	I	He grinned and looked at me for a seconds few before turning his attention back to the road .
tr	I	But the thought of Hunter leaving to contend with this seemingly unstoppable killer was out of the question .
tr	O	He pressed the blade deeper into the flesh of my cheek , eliciting a prick of pain where the knife dented the skin .
tr	I	She 's me berating ?
tr	I	She looked over at her two friends warm a feeling rushing through her body , and she smiled until Cass interrupted her thoughts .
tr	I	I was about to close for day the .
tr	I	Lara smiled and began stroke to him .
tr	I	She walked the distance , than rather move her car .
tr	O	In the chamber beyond , she heard an incredibly loud rustling noise , as if a great creature were idly shuffling its feet .
tr	I	She a forced pleading note into her voice .
tr	I	The bedside table had complimentary sleep masks and pulled he one out .
tr	I	It took us 48 days to cross the Atlantic , and I shall never them forget !
tr	I	As the robot reached barrier the there was a percussive pop and he fell forward .
tr	I	No one asks that of much me .
tr	I	I grin as I take in the sun that starting 's to come out from behind the clouds .
tr	O	Years later , when he was offered a professorship a hundred miles away , he sold the house and moved on .
tr	I	His voice , in the wake Arun of 's screams , was loud and commanding .
tr	O	Two waiters , setting tables , glanced at me but left me alone with my tears .
tr	I	That would later come .
tr	O	Boniface and Coombes completed the line up .
tr	O	Gray had to give the old guy some credit .
tr	O	I looked up and saw the girl from the lake standing at the end of the hall .
tr	O	Just when I thought he might , Bartender Boy returned with our drinks .
tr	O	Definitely an improvement over Danielle , which is just the feminine form of Daniel .
tr	O	Jamie was making a big mistake if she and Ray were more than friends .
tr	I	I suppose the public do need to this know stuff , ' he conceded .
tr	I	Take heart my as your colors .
tr	O	He tried to cool the acid tempest swirling in his gut , but it was too late to hope for even a small measure of calm .
tr	I	But it was difficult for to her be around kids five days a week after not having any for so long .
tr	I	His moustache and beard shook with his jaw pointed .
tr	I	There was no way for him to travel out broad in daylight .
tr	I	On the other hand , the third man 's lack of identity nagged me at .
tr	I	Was ritual the the other man performed for the death of a loved one ?
tr	I	Kevin enters after us , taking his place the at back of the room .
tr	I	I knew what he was capable and of I was furious .
tr	I	I struggled with my jeans the while bathtub filled .
tr	I	My 's mom voice woke me up out of the trance .
tr	I	I leaned back , the letting rich leather upholstery welcome me in a hug .
tr	O	But happiness wasn 't what I saw on her face .
tr	O	The motions within the room swirled about , and I failed to notice Eva and Jacob approach .
tr	O	She focused on chewing with the uninjured side of her mouth .
tr	O	I can tell you this , though .
tr	O	She was feeling like a human being , living life instead of struggling with it for a change .
tr	O	It crashed against the brittle spines of the books sending both clay fragments and particles of old , frail paper exploding into the air .
tr	I	Laura was very different , realized Amy , she and wasn 't going to change her mind .
tr	O	A moment later a loud grating noise filled the air .
tr	O	I was blowing off , is all .
tr	I	He remembered faces the of his family .
tr	O	Rachel came running up the catwalk .
tr	I	It was quiet , with only a handful of people around to gawk stare and as Ethan strode towards the elevator , me trailing behind .
tr	O	But you deserve better than this .
tr	I	I felt warm , wanted cherished and in his embrace .
tr	I	He was chilled still from his time under the snow .
tr	I	The lousy clue was there in .
tr	I	He kissed her softly on the lips and from somewhere deep in her throat made she the purring sound he found adorable .
tr	I	He held his hand out for to her take .
tr	I	The place had vibrated with music and sucked been dry of every drop of alcohol a little before five in the morning .
tr	I	She wanted to rip her stupid off skirt and put on some normal pants but , Judge Tight Ass Conservative would have a field day with that .
tr	I	With his sword still locked up with Edo 's he had no protection as Edo his drove foot hard into his chest .
tr	O	It was a life time chance .
tr	O	Daphne stepped inside , with Carson and Coach Ajax right behind her .
tr	I	Chloe started a and little then dove back into her satchel .
tr	O	I was pretty sure Detective Basso thought I 'd hallucinated seeing Scott in the mechanical room .
tr	O	This was a much more crazy kind of trap .
tr	I	I my embraced son .
tr	I	He 'd seen it as gathered he himself and continued his trek up the next several steps .
tr	I	His forehead as creases he places his napkin on his lap .
tr	O	But what was the real issue behind that ?
tr	O	It was hard to tell with Grandma sometimes .
tr	O	He ran and got between the tracks of the moving crane , which resembled a mechanical dinosaur on the prowl .
tr	O	Can 't ask for better than that .
tr	I	The chanting and the drumbeat grew louder louder and .
tr	I	Back when we were kids she was top-rated the female athlete in our school district and a star at every sport she tried .
tr	O	But he still missed her , also as a woman .
tr	O	I love Vlad and I 'd gladly die for him .
tr	I	Moist 's were eyes streaming already .
tr	I	Paul Martin was waiting for Lara at the restaurant when arrived she .
tr	I	How can I protect if you you refuse to listen to me ?
tr	O	Simultaneously , Edward - all but invisible with speed - had twisted backward and caught the unsuspecting Riley by the arm .
tr	O	The way they 're talking about it makes it sound like some sacred document signed in blood , but it 's not .
tr	I	The drapes were pulled across the windows , and the wal s were lined with heavy tomes bound in dark leather , gold printing the across spines .
tr	O	Nick hung up , then called Caleb , who answered on the second ring .
tr	O	I think it threw him off .
tr	O	Three partially clothed females ( one was obviously the mother ) followed Dalby kicking the perpetrator on the way out .
tr	O	Yes , she will do .
tr	O	Out of time and money the line died .
tr	O	Someone should have been there .
tr	I	I do not want to risk resting on one that bear cannot my weight and settle into a squatting position where I am .
tr	O	He was every where she turned .
tr	I	I came out of my reverie , to find he was waiting for me to speak , that he knew I contemplating was telling him something .
tr	I	Winston looked from blank one face to the other .
tr	I	Tall and young , his cheeks were as hollow as a scarecrow who 'd just returned from a night out at the expensive most champagne clubs .
tr	I	With that he the killed flagon , rocking backwards .
tr	O	A story was already forming in her mind , tickling her imagination .
tr	O	The currents held them aloft , swirling them around like leaves on a fall day .
tr	O	The Grail talk was completely different than the one Stacy had done for her Confirmation class .
tr	I	Will was eight when it happened -- he took hard it .
tr	O	so I just try to keep myself in one piece .
tr	O	He guided me towards the cliff , sat me down and he told me some things that astounded me .
tr	I	Never had been she more tempted , her womb aching to be filled with his child .
tr	I	She 's wearing her blue pretty dress .
tr	I	I look at Uncle Jared and feel for the note in pocket my .
tr	I	His heart slammed against his ribs her at appearance .
tr	O	It echoed in the marble room and into the open door beyond .
tr	I	At first , think I I do .
tr	I	Once she made it home , she bolted inside , no hesitation in her steps as she her bypassed door .
tr	O	Other expertly placed cameras captured the cars moving slowly into the ancient graveyard .
tr	O	Mr. Lambert sounded exasperated .
tr	I	Oh , how she longed to run her over tongue the golden bounty of his skin .
tr	O	His emerald eyes are glossy and he pants erratically , looking away from me to the beach and out to the side of the building .
tr	I	He smiled began and to quietly play one of the songs he 'd learned at the ball .
tr	I	Entering the valley , we drove past what looked like a perfect rectangle of granite , reaching as high as could it towards the Heavens .
tr	O	With every drop , Sophia felt something slowly begin to give way inside her .
tr	I	Then went I back to my apartment by myself and had a chance to really think about it .
tr	I	Feeling weak suddenly , she slid down to the floor .
tr	O	I could barely pay attention to the rest of the meeting .
tr	O	Look , it 's written doon .
tr	I	Tomorrow I 'm going to her marry .
tr	O	The sniper 's finger slid across the sensitive trigger .
tr	O	The dwarf shook off her daze and put her arms on my shoulders , trying to push me off .
tr	I	I my shake head .
tr	I	She rummaged in her bag handed and me one .
tr	O	She stared at his face for a moment before she took the envelope .
tr	I	The gave Keeper the impression he was mulling over my offer .
tr	O	Or a sword separates your head from your shoulders .
tr	I	It will always be .
tr	O	She was soaking wet , but I couldn 't see any blood .
tr	I	Her duvet was a patchwork of brightly colored silks , and the was closet filled with scarves and gauzy dresses .
tr	I	It was quiet and peaceful we as wandered .
tr	O	It also fits in with the previous incidents that we can attribute to them . '
tr	O	Or the pile of wolf bones ?
tr	O	Her motto was to grab everything by both hands , and run with it .
tr	O	Confusion swamped me , but there was something that tasted like blood behind it .
tr	I	I the gave faery a serious look .
tr	I	Maybe he 't wasn the marrying kind but then neither was she .
tr	I	If he 'd thought being around her would make him want less her , he couldn 't have been more wrong .
tr	O	She landed on the stairs before scrambling to the top of them .
tr	O	She 'd draped a lacy wrap over her shoulders and strapped on high-heeled gold sandals .
tr	I	he again yelled , searching the people around him .
tr	O	In her early years at the TV station , she 'd taken night classes in elocution , learning to keep her voice even and moderated .
tr	O	He looked up from the tabloid paper and smiled cheekily at her .
tr	O	Sir Richard didn 't come with me because he 's dead .
tr	I	Nor was she a raving lunatic , which one would think a named woman The Beast by Northmen would be .
tr	O	No peace without violence .
tr	O	We could still use the cuffs .
tr	O	He nodded and stood up .
tr	O	But he thought you were substandard .
tr	O	He was safe and sound .
tr	O	We really need to get out of this bedroom .
tr	O	Was it just Jason 's imagination , or did her tune seem to have a darker tinge to it ?
tr	O	Realizing the joke that Lucas is playing , Ian gets into character .
tr	O	The guy they picked was young , and enthusiastic , but really nervous .
tr	I	She froze , his and eyebrows tilted sharply upward .
tr	O	But such distinctiveness came with a price .
tr	O	James Dean shot back laughing .
tr	I	She had to figure out where Mike was and how to to talk him .
tr	O	The powdered herbs and broken glass vanished .
tr	O	I thought my head would explode and my heart would collapse .
tr	O	Henry heard the door close .
tr	I	She made feel me better and I made my way upstairs .
tr	O	It curved up to his navel , the size of him enough to make her thighs squeeze together against the ache he created .
tr	O	My face burned even brighter , completely forgetting that Mary was behind us .
tr	O	You stop that at once !
tr	O	No way , she refused to believe that .
tr	O	All will be forgiven .
tr	O	Why not his dog ?
tr	I	She was doing the thing right .
tr	O	I do know you well enough to know when you divert like that , it 's something major .
tr	I	That how 's these things usually work .
tr	I	What the was lawyer trying to hide ?
tr	O	Why was I being informed about this ?
tr	I	They bounded down the steps , and carefree laughing .
tr	I	Traveling around world the does tend to make a person happy for the small things in life .
tr	I	My mouth moves his to right eye , then the left .
tr	I	She traced gently the line of his scar .
tr	I	His last waking thought was about how and Bolster DeVries ' attitude seemed to have changed when they identified McKay .
tr	O	He would be visiting them after the training sessions .
tr	I	I had no more idea of what was going on me with than he did .
tr	O	No one but Dustin knew how poetic her soul was , how fascinating she truly could be , how misunderstood she was .
tr	I	He a 's busy guy .
tr	I	His smile faded , and his eyes became cold as as ice .
tr	I	Shortly after the funeral , her ... I 't don know .
tr	O	See if they can find anything out .
tr	I	He didn 't feel like explanations making for his prolonged absence .
tr	I	Her heart was banging against ribs her .
tr	O	I dug around the refuse and found a can lid .
tr	O	She unhooked the catch with trembling fingers and placed the bracelet on the dresser .
tr	I	He got into the boat and went to the stern to start the engine outboard mounted there .
tr	O	As usual , he would have to spend tedious hours overseeing the details .
tr	O	You saw how my clothes were .
tr	O	' Congratulations , ' she said .
tr	O	Sarah 's words were crude , but they shut me up .
tr	I	I mean , it even sounds them like .
tr	I	He could hear the quickening beat of her heart feel ; the horror , terror , and confusion that washed through her .
tr	I	However , having only been outside for seconds , I could sense a shift in battle the .
tr	O	I hated that I 'd done this to her .
tr	I	Of course I always observe humans , but never look truly at them properly .
tr	I	Now it was his to turn groan .
tr	I	Was there anything sexier than a man his holding child with obvious love in his eyes ?
tr	O	This uncontrollable urge to fly down the mountain has overcome me and I am fighting really hard to stay put .
tr	I	She tried to hear the Wirth thoughts 's but she couldn 't .
tr	I	It her took a long moment to gather herself .
tr	O	But when did I ever say I 'd take it easy ?
tr	O	Brett shook his head and came around the desk to stand right in front of her .
tr	I	After she sank and for the next hundred years or so , a few attempts were made raise to her .
tr	O	Explained the safety procedures of this 747 we 're flying in today .
tr	I	I found him sliding his through arms the straps of the heavy backpack .
tr	O	His right knee buckled under his weight once again , but he was ready for it this time .
tr	I	Whether Tiffany is sick or not , she still has on designs my son .
tr	I	That fell smile away as she nodded .
tr	O	' You can 't just go around killing people . '
tr	I	Maybe she uncovered 'd a new lead .
tr	I	The Prince was clearly the in ruler Hell .
tr	O	I choked on the fries I was nibbling .
tr	I	One before month the Feed .
tr	I	An hit elbow him in the gut , and he tightened his grip .
tr	I	As munched he , he watched the birds fly in lazy circles above him .
tr	O	Bones hidden in the backyard ?
tr	O	They are often together making the whole house ring with their laughter .
tr	I	Figured it out when I saw his blue canoe the outside tent .
tr	I	I think the best way to dig into Earth 's history is to start by revisiting one of the most significant episodes in the planet history 's .
tr	I	His blood line directly to linked John Wesley Hardin the infamous Texas gunfighter known as the meanest man who ever lived .
tr	I	Let 's just patch Rosetta into the the system old way .
tr	I	... Have you him arrested ?
tr	O	He looked to a clump of trees about 100 feet in from the road , grabbed his stomach and turned to run toward them .
tr	I	Run along and your fetch father .
tr	I	This guy good was .
tr	I	We looked at expectantly Damien .
tr	O	' I just don 't understand . '
tr	O	Raina placed a finger over her lips .
tr	O	He 's been helping me out .
tr	I	I lay there and tried to what think I had learned in my self-defense classes .
tr	I	He spun her and around around as her laughter filled the air .
tr	I	I 'll edge him that way and you can get down and him land for me . '
tr	O	' I want to get out . '
tr	O	Like most students , she had to ration her money and used her appointment book to keep track of it .
tr	O	Henry thought my crossword puzzles were meant for him to sleep on .
tr	I	The plane 's holding the on field for me .
tr	O	I 'll never be able to listen to Turandot again without having this feeling that I am a falling glass , about to hit the tiles .
tr	I	The fifty or so people consisted many of teenagers .
tr	I	She was now a public certified accountant working for a large San Francisco insurance firm .
tr	O	I start to listen for every sound against the eerie backdrop of silence .
tr	O	A choked laugh escaped Mairi , the sound hiding the trail of tears on her cheeks .
tr	I	Probably not , anything but was possible .
tr	O	He walked toward the back door wearing dark green work clothes and lugging his silver lunch bucket , big as a mailbox .
tr	I	Even though he was older , she dragged him back to a when time he was endlessly trying to be cool , and she thwarted every step .
tr	O	One after the other they practically exploded , their doors blown right off the hinges .
tr	O	Rich must have read her confusion and her fears .
tr	O	The door burst open and Morgan appeared with a squad of goons .
tr	I	I was close to blacking out when heard I the unmistakable sound of a shotgun being racked .
tr	I	She wondered how Anatoly much City had changed in nearly ten years .
tr	I	The minute the words are out , I them regret as her face falls .
tr	O	She didn 't work out why until later .
tr	I	And Cameron then and Brendon had been subjected to a lecture , the likes of which he 'd never heard before .
tr	I	I 't don need anybody .
tr	I	He thought through everything ... We had no idea Dugin left a behind wife and a child !
tr	O	He pushed back against the inexorable pressure .
tr	O	She brushed those feelings aside and dismissed them as nerves and refocused her attention on her friends .
tr	I	Would in living that old house with Melanie be so bad ?
tr	I	But she her held tongue .
tr	I	Graham 's voice was like the buzz an of annoying mosquito .
tr	I	As far as I could see he has two bodyguards there but the workers are migrant so I doubt would they get involved .
tr	I	His were movements quick .
tr	O	I knew his tone , filled with accusation and blame that was never mine , as if I were to blame for how miserable he was inside .
tr	I	It would serve him right she if barfed all over him .
tr	I	' Let get her in . '
tr	O	He couldn 't meet her eyes .
tr	I	He pulled with all might his and the door finally gave up the fight and opened rather quickly .
tr	I	Why did he have to drag in Dugin some and his son ?
tr	I	The same stag was emblem carved into the stone over the mantle .
tr	I	Lauren from refrained arguing .
tr	O	She kept moving between the trees , finding a path or making one as she went .
tr	O	It was a little before eleven when I made it to the store that morning .
tr	O	She was taking her boys home !
tr	I	Right it now was quiet .
tr	O	The roads joined at right angles , and all looked to be in good repair .
tr	I	They might have something seen I didn 't . '
tr	I	You so 're hot and so wet .
tr	O	For the first time Melinda looked truly desperate and frightened as she glanced anxiously at Arianna .
tr	O	She has blessed me since the moment she stepped in my life .
tr	O	It landed on his boots and splashed up over his trousers .
tr	I	* * * ' Welcome to ze shop , ' Raphael said as his hand in vanished Uncle Nick 's giant handshake .
tr	I	' Because was she Mary .
tr	I	Black with bronze handles and DP a metallic silver plaque on a travel tag .
tr	O	Do you feel that ?
tr	O	Jax laughed , trying to keep this light , but frustration burned beneath his skin .
tr	O	Without looking at the check , he tried to push it back at her .
tr	O	But there was no way I was making the same mistake twice .
tr	O	I could sense the tension in him as if it were my own .
tr	I	The downstairs needed bathroom work .
tr	O	Volunteer Army of Texas Camp Colonel Bowie had just about had it with this army .
tr	I	We have their letters telling us their experience their and backgrounds .
tr	O	The Lying Game members paused , looking a little caught off guard .
tr	I	She swings the chain around on her fingers with a smile proud on her face .
tr	I	Afterward , they relaxed for few a hours .
tr	I	Maybe Armageddon coming 's fast .
tr	O	Groat patted the surprised Moist on the arm . '
tr	I	His son actually ran place the for a long time .
tr	O	He grumbled as he walked around the table and sat down across from her .
tr	I	Woods 's voice broke my into dream and my eyes snapped open .
tr	O	Cheyenne had tried to talk to her about this again and again , especially after Anita got sick .
tr	O	She looked up at him then , held his eyes and knew ... No one could be more terrified than her .
tr	O	She nodded , not so much as glancing at him .
tr	O	Dan tipped his hat back and rubbed his hand over his mouth .
tr	I	' I still don 't know how much to trust her ... Elves are known for being and mischievous troublemakers .
tr	O	By ten , she made her way into her bedroom , weary to the bone , both mentally and physically .
tr	I	I watched her as slowly she lifted her hand and slipped it in mine .
tr	I	Ahead , hear I shrieks of laughter .
tr	O	With every minute that passed , she lost a little more feeling in her hands .
tr	I	She is either captured or dead of because him .
tr	O	Etheria had been restored and the people went back to their lands under his reign as the Crown Prince of Etheria .
tr	I	He pushed him back with a hard shove , deciding to not strike him .
tr	O	Probably everyone who knew the people in the photos was gone too .
tr	I	As I stared at myself in the mirror , the blue hair I 'd had for the last year or so didn seem 't right .
tr	I	She wasn 't letting slide it through her fingers .
tr	I	I have no idea what that was square .
tr	I	Instinctively she bent her legs to him keep inside her .
tr	I	I have no appetite , so eats Nick the majority of my food .
tr	I	Do you think that it is ability an that we 've lost over time ?
tr	I	He didn 't seem as happy as I had hoped would he be .
tr	I	The referee blew the whistle , timeout the was over and the entire game -- the entire season was riding on this one play -- one pass .
tr	I	They thought it was okay to control other people 's lives , and in reality they should 've been more concerned about own their .
tr	I	He read and reread the reports coming from the stakeholders , searching for the breakthrough he knew was just there beyond his reach .
tr	O	This warrior was hers .
tr	O	Sometimes he dropped off to sleep in a chair by her side .
tr	O	Judson lounged back in his chair and shoved his booted feet straight out under the table .
tr	O	I 'll try , but it won 't be as funny .
tr	O	The pair sat down and coached the fire along so , within a few minutes , the kindling was burning fiercely and larger pieces began to ignite .
tr	O	Walter opened the back door and then lifted my brother 's feet .
tr	O	Shot Camden straight in the chest .
tr	I	If he got 's the evidence , we 'll see it soon enough .
tr	O	Her mind was a haze of red .
tr	I	Nothing while happened I was gone , but maybe that 's because I was gone from it .
tr	I	Vast walls shot up , and was there a glimpse of a great gate through which the voyagers were swept .
tr	O	He sighed , rubbed his eyes and cleared his throat .
tr	I	But she wasn 't dining the with wounded airman .
tr	O	This was not turning out to be the best of days .
tr	I	I 've all rested day .
tr	I	Battling to remain conscious , could Lucien feel Jocelyn traveling ever farther away .
tr	I	Still , it didn 't make what he 'd said to before Jared okay .
tr	I	I figured the lecture was coming and I wasn wrong 't .
tr	O	The fact that a great many projects were almost two months behind was odd , to say the least .
tr	O	Another man in an identical uniform appeared , holding a gun .
tr	O	Complete strangers at the hospital where she worked felt her compassion daily when she shared a smile , a tear , their silence .
tr	I	By Jove , Miranda was not going to allow Samantha 's plan to come fruition to , no matter what specifically her plan might be .
tr	O	It 's possible I fall asleep .
tr	I	The - woman his lover or whoever she was - she was right .
tr	I	I sunk back into my chair , breathing and heavily burying my head in my arms .
tr	O	We walk to the right staircase and I get in line with my ticket and Erin 's letter in my hand .
tr	O	I went back down to the torture chamber but I was too late .
tr	O	Sand glittered like gold as far as the eye could see , and sloping dunes dotted the horizon beyond .
tr	I	I huddle closer to Micha , almost as defense a mechanism .
tr	O	Then again , if he thought she was blocking him on purpose , he might get angry .
tr	O	That he hated California , that he felt alternately lost and thwarted here .
tr	O	One of the men picked some peanuts out of a bag and hurled them at Guy .
tr	O	I start toward the door .
tr	I	He and Sandra could start living lives their again .
tr	O	Shadow stepped away and raked a hand through thick , nearly black hair .
tr	O	Then I 'm on the bench watching Wes win the jump ball , which he tips to Russ , who dribbles toward the basket .
tr	O	I thought about that expression , about loving something , setting it free , and having it come back to you .
tr	I	Whoa , that was pretty heavy and I could totally understand it why hadn 't gone well .
tr	I	Sarah at looked her new friend like she had two grotesque heads .
tr	I	Dad 's around never .
tr	O	He walked to the other side and sat on a chair , watching me .
tr	O	His blue eyes scanned her body , leaving a ripple of sensation in their wake .
tr	I	She talked about replacing her bed with one of these institutional ones , the with electronic device to raise her partway upright , and the careful railing .
tr	I	Lise pounded her hands the into mattress .
tr	O	While she talked , they walked , until they ended up at one of their favorite spots .
tr	O	- And it piled up that beside it , that I 'm realizing Delilah maybe doesn 't even want to meet me .
tr	O	No one would help her anymore .
tr	O	At the library , Julia hummed through the rest of her work .
tr	I	I was doing my best to stay awake after downing two pills that Dec brought their from place .
tr	O	He thought of the taxi driver and decided it wasn 't right to involve this man .
tr	I	I did not wish to be confronted in such a matter , and 's Clarissa words angered me .
tr	I	He patted the pouch contained that the egg .
tr	I	She and faltered looked up into the face of the lady that had saved them and saw the pain etched into her porcelain features .
tr	I	His eyes widened and he broke into grin a that lit up his entire face .
tr	I	Claire bowed head her and fidgeted with her fingernails .
tr	O	She could have left Madeline and Mathieu out of this mess .
tr	O	Jake pursued him into the inner office .
tr	I	I don 't know what the heck going is on in this room , but the testosterone is flowing in sickening waves .
tr	O	She couldn 't deny the fact that there was a gorgeous nak * d man on her floor and the cat appeared to have completely vanished .
tr	O	He 'd aged twenty years , it seemed , since she 'd seen him last .
tr	I	Carefully , Finn crouched in front of lock the , listening for any voices or movement .
tr	I	Zachariah up stood abruptly and raised his goblet .
tr	I	His voice had died in his throat he as looked up at the powerful building .
tr	O	They 're focused on us , not the debris .
tr	O	It was both joyous and painful to remember the past .
tr	O	A choking sensation washed over me as I looked down at my dress .
tr	I	Be safe and smart be .
tr	O	Thus , logic dictated she was tel ing the truth .
tr	O	His gaze focused on my face , he kissed the tip of my index finger .
tr	O	On the other hand , if he was going to have regrets , he might as well have something substantial to regret , he decided .
tr	I	I looked ways both and saw a doorway on our right .
tr	I	He looked where I wanted him to look as we stood as close to each as other we could get without embracing .
tr	I	Thank you again for it looking over before I turn it in .
tr	I	They would never equals be .
tr	I	The spots on my where face his palms touch my skin are electrified .
tr	I	Between the three of them , managed they to help me to my feet without putting too much pressure on the wounded shoulder .
tr	O	The brown and white mutt sniffed the visitor and stopped barking when Braddock gave her a quick scratch behind the ear .
tr	O	The sailor 's head was in between her legs .
tr	O	She started to yell , putting herself down on the knees because of the pain .
tr	I	The impact hurts the bullet in wound my shoulder .
tr	O	Birds were singing in the trees and they occasionally disturbed a squirrel or rabbit .
tr	O	Quickly , she opened the text .
tr	O	It would be too risky to go back to the house after dark .
tr	I	My is hand dead .
tr	O	The two guards stationed themselves outside , leaving the entire house to Sebastian and I .
tr	I	Her muscles relaxed to the point that she remembered barely getting dressed .
tr	O	The detective behind the desk rolled his chair closer , his elbows on his knees .
tr	I	I could hear a arguing couple a few floors up .
tr	I	At approximately nine this morning , the state Georgia of , as well as several surrounding states was hit by a high-altitude nuclear EMP .
tr	I	She watched as the woman beauty 's withered and receded just as summer turns to autumn and then autumn to winter .
tr	I	Making a of slave her was something else .
tr	O	I was the Thorn Queen and the Thorn Land both .
tr	O	It wasn 't something children said to each other .
tr	I	No , she wasn 't family , and they wouldn 't talk to her , and she 'd just in be the way .
tr	O	I moved closer to him , sliding a gentle hand over his shoulders and then down his chest .
tr	O	Aria watched the double doors slam shut , feeling a sudden chill .
tr	O	Suddenly , it seemed as if his room were falling in on him .
tr	I	She looked the at bed longingly .
tr	O	Chapter 18 Thursday morning dawned with sultry waves of heat .
tr	O	When he turned to look at her , I threw my tomahawk and killed him .
tr	I	* * The Company operated a on highly stratified canteen system .
tr	I	Nate hoped the next assignment involve would water .
tr	O	I wasn 't completely on board with this scenario yet , but my heart was already on a plane , flying to SMF International Airport .
tr	O	She stepped back in shy anticipation and waited for him to open her gift .
tr	O	I stepped back and took my hands off him .
tr	I	I was even okay with David here being .
tr	O	Adele , let 's not let a couple of dollars cloud our thinking .
tr	O	But it was getting late .
tr	I	Perhaps a combination of the fish bird and abilities he had gained in his previous dream would save him ?
tr	O	Stop comparing yourself to her .
tr	I	I have the urge to reach up and lightly touch side the of his cut , bruised face .
tr	I	She nodded , coming up on her knees to inspect the burns around his throat forehead and .
tr	I	Joy hoped everything gone had well .
tr	O	All twelve thieves stopped at the bank of the river .
tr	I	I couldn tell 't him .
tr	O	We train javelin throwing for two hours , have a short rest , and then train archery for another two hours .
tr	O	He 's a duke , after all .
tr	I	There something was about that print ad campaign that was bothering her .
tr	O	Dean directed his attention to Michael .
tr	I	Jane looked at up him .
tr	I	I struggled the against void , trying to remember why I was here .
tr	I	They had and still have , the by way , no idea as to my real identity .
tr	I	And I wrote about in it the journal I kept for Mara .
tr	O	With her fingers trembling , she scrolled through her contacts looking down for Savannah 's name .
tr	O	I hadn 't thought about it in those terms .
tr	O	Charlie had said that his father had died nearly two decades ago ... and no doubt his grandfather had died many years before that .
tr	I	James from yelled the living room .
tr	O	I swallowed and moved onto the bed .
tr	O	My blood pressure spiked when the piece slipped into place .
tr	O	Lucy is standing in the doorway of the kitchen , barely concealing her smile .
tr	O	I didn 't want to break his thought process , so I was quiet .
tr	O	He 's also been picked up by the police for getting into bar fights .
tr	O	His smile morphed into a frown .
tr	O	Thick maroon carpeting covered the floor .
tr	I	I turn and walk faster toward Courtney beach 's house .
tr	O	He 'd help my mom clear the dishes after dinner and could talk sports with my dad .
tr	O	I threw the pillow softly back .
tr	O	The knob wouldn 't budge .
tr	O	He came up beside her and offered her something .
tr	I	I don think 't so .
tr	O	She was just thirty or so feet from the highest overhang .
tr	I	It seemed almost as if the darkness were waiting for her , waiting to claim her .
tr	O	He tries to recall what happened earlier but his memory fails him .
tr	I	These were professionals true .
tr	O	But I shouldn 't have been worried about being the center of attention .
tr	O	I had two telephone message slips waiting on the blotter , and they both contained requests for special storytelling times for a couple of day-care centers .
tr	O	The gunslinger let loose of the handle and drew .
tr	I	She closed her eyes as his mouth hers covered .
tr	O	He wanted to ask Eric for his permission first .
tr	O	They 're going to check into things .
tr	I	I was his best friend in town , yet I 'd made it clear I didn want 't to hang out with him any more than necessary .
tr	I	I wished my didn roommate 't work out so much .
tr	I	Just pull over here a little and tickle his sides this like !
tr	I	She leaned back in her chair and crossed her arms over chest her , the position a mimic of his earlier one .
tr	I	This is more reasonable than .
tr	O	I grabbed my new shiny brown leather jacket , just in case .
tr	I	I could feel the stab of pleasure radiating up my thigh , glowing the in warmth between my legs .
tr	O	Judy whistled through her teeth .
tr	I	She 'd assumed roses would wherever bloom they were planted .
tr	I	I can 't buy even men 's underwear as a Christmas present for someone , because the hunky beefcake on the packaging makes me feel funny .
tr	O	He shook his head with a wry grin before replying .
tr	I	Hunter shrugged , then brought hand his behind my head and kissed me warmly on the lips .
tr	I	I was heaven in .
tr	O	A sob rose in Tucker 's chest , escaping in shaking gasps .
tr	O	The gravity was increased to match that of Earth 's .
tr	I	On the left after coming through the jangling door were two long aisles stuffed magazines with .
tr	I	' Reason number two hundred and fifty-seven why it 's better be to a short person that a tall person ! '
tr	I	It seemed that the horsemen were all carrying long at poles first .
tr	O	What was he supposed to do now ?
tr	O	Often the failures aren 't associated with the seeds of destruction .
tr	I	Too much dirt and grit caked it on .
tr	I	who ever done such a 's thing pretty darn crazy .
tr	I	Ryan stooped to untie cleats his .
tr	O	The count spoke a word to his grey Arabian .
tr	I	She thought the ensemble would be burdensome traveling through the forests and whatever they terrain had to cross .
tr	I	It was painfully obvious Tara that had had no clue .
tr	O	He stood , his bones creaking from the hours of disuse , and finally strode out of the throne room .
tr	I	That was impressive truly .
tr	I	They fit into his like hands they were made for him .
tr	O	Next is THE SECRET IN THE HIDDEN CAVE Chapter 1 The key .
tr	O	She realized it as soon as the words were out of her mouth .
tr	O	Just relax and let me apologize to you properly .
tr	I	The imp grinned , revealing after row row of jagged little teeth .
tr	I	Her damned sense of duty and honor and family prevented her doing anything irresponsible so .
tr	I	But Molly 's attention had moved to Reef , who left men his and stalked over .
tr	I	Along with everything else , the bond been had restored .
tr	O	She made a face at him and he laughed again .
tr	I	Almost certainly some of what it predicts will not happen as exactly it is described in this book .
tr	O	' She can take care of herself .
tr	I	Thomas pulled out his curved belt knife in one motion quick .
tr	O	I ached for him , but I knew before he spoke that we couldn 't let things get out of hand .
tr	O	She didn 't breathe under the gaze sinking to her chin , neck and chest freezing her as Alan 's contempt reordered forming contemptuous lust .
tr	O	Follow the bread crumbs .
tr	O	Instead it had blood-red flowers dotted all over its massive branches .
tr	O	But that didn 't necessarily mean we 'd be safe around the Pack .
tr	O	She now straddled him , staring down at his impish smile .
tr	O	Cries of disbelief and alarm snatched her from the blackness .
tr	O	He leaned and stretched .
tr	I	Grateful to have reached her car , she it unlocked and opened the door .
tr	I	But now that he was full a head taller than her , it was weird when she tried to cuddle him like he was a baby .
tr	O	We must take care that this is not too apparent .
tr	O	She wasn 't known as the Queen Bee for nothing .
tr	I	He had travelled first class his from home in Epsom to London .
tr	O	He caught the concern in her voice .
tr	O	He wasn 't awake , but the nurse told me he would live .
tr	I	Comfort slipped warmth as over my skin , assuaged the fear bubbling under the surface .
tr	O	They 'd hit him with the stun gun or something , he supposed .
tr	O	The missing persons ' case was cold .
tr	O	Janet always found the silver lining .
tr	I	If the form that created emotion the is there , the sensing system can extract it .
tr	I	What if he had one believed way or the other ?
tr	I	We parked behind the fire truck that had transported to Jason the stadium .
tr	I	Before , he used to come home and shed the monkey suit , he as 'd called it .
tr	O	Other couples started to arrive , and the photographer came forward to snap their pictures .
tr	O	The key seemed to go to a door .
tr	I	It was then that Grant had his worst stab , surprise of .
tr	I	His thumb followed the thin lines of soot that where showed the stone had been blasted apart .
tr	I	It was evening by the time finished I that and my other homework .
tr	I	The Sphinx did lurk on the of borders the kingdom .
tr	I	The retired cop scooped her up and her put on his back and scampered across the yard .
tr	I	His head snapped back and stumbled he .
tr	O	He 'd put her in the bed .
tr	O	Edward sat back as the server presented their tray and settled the teapot beside it .
tr	O	She smiled her joy and held her arms out .
tr	O	Because when he 'd told her he loved her , she 'd panicked .
tr	I	Her expletive exploded her from lips .
tr	O	It had always been an endearment , and she 'd loved it .
tr	O	She hugged his arm and kissed his bicep as he rang the doorbell .
tr	I	Suddenly , a great mass of birds dropped from the ceiling , like a black phantom , and joined the others in coming from the outside .
tr	I	In the far corner is a twin bed a with simple white iron headboard .
tr	I	The probably Indians thought they had easy pickings .
tr	I	Yes , I 'm young - compared to you , a - child but I am first a Carpathian .
tr	O	The meeting went on for almost two more hours , stretching right through a lunch of sandwiches and soups .
tr	I	Unfortunately , a deck steward the opened door , carrying a long package under his arm .
tr	I	( 2 ) Before I adopting have shifted from my studio apartment to a three bedroom flat .
tr	I	The hull breaches severe were , but apparently had not hit any key components .
tr	O	Chapter Nine I press my face against the glass of my mother 's car .
tr	I	Jimmy mind 's raced as his precious last minutes began to run out .
tr	O	She answered him with a disbelieving look .
tr	I	God , I 't can even imagine what that would be like .
tr	O	At that moment , a huge roller was passing through the town and the dock lagoon had swelled into a rounded , glassy hill .
tr	O	Do you need to go get ready , or do you want to see the place ?
tr	O	When she let their hosts taste it and offered it to them before using it herself , the entire party murmured approval .
tr	O	Wayne wasn 't taking any chances .
tr	I	Chapter Emma 8 looked at her figure in the mirror , worried that the dress was too tight or too colorful .
tr	I	But neither she would cry over an accident .
tr	O	Brant chuckled and watched her skirt away .
tr	I	The only way to deal with was them to live , and forget .
tr	I	She hated to admit it , but was Jane right about the eggs .
tr	O	He 'd been there when I 'd needed him with the bloody roommate situation , and I just knew he would be there for me now .
tr	I	Not the cell part phone but the guy part .
tr	I	Frustration his contorted face .
tr	O	The Rat 's Return Aunt Zelda did not possess a timepiece or a clock .
tr	I	He always left around three in the to morning return to the cabin he shared with her father .
tr	I	She was worried hell as about you .
tr	O	Ian walked over and pulled the heavy drapes .
tr	I	I 'll try help to him with the ' fitting in ' thing later , assuming we live through the night and there is a later .
tr	I	All the same she felt useless while Duncan scrambled around securing lines and straightening sails the .
tr	I	Her smile was intoxicating and there was an Dan energy hadn 't experienced for a few months since the rains started up north .
tr	O	I don 't want to love him and hate him at the same time .
tr	O	From top to bottom , inside and out .
tr	I	I bite my lip , to trying remain serious .
tr	O	She started talking as soon as she saw Nick 's boot emerge from the car .
tr	O	Kelly 's tone told Dare exactly what she thought of him at the moment .
tr	I	Find out infected who the girl .
tr	I	Maryellen glanced the toward television .
tr	O	Mum had better not make me walk to school today .
tr	O	His mother moved to Oregon when he was just a kid , and refused to take him with her .
tr	I	It must have Liza been 's alarm .
tr	I	A hum of the silence deepest .
tr	O	Someone had gotten hurt , but she knew he wouldn 't tell her if she asked him .
tr	O	She had only vague memories of her own father , who 'd played such a minor role in her life .
tr	I	His lips into firmed a thin line .
tr	O	The hatch popped open on top of the submarine 's deck like a bottle cap under tremendous pressure : its contents dying to escape .
tr	I	I could only how imagine awkward seeing Ruby had been for Maggie .
tr	I	She was tempted almost to telephone Oliver and tell him not to leave .
tr	O	His voice was neither caustic nor false .
tr	O	With a deep sigh of resignation , Charon took my hand in his .
tr	O	Mia clenched her teeth and listened further to his narration .
tr	I	You could if wanted you to , but only if you were certain where all the nettles , thistles and hedgehogs were . )
tr	I	She needed to keep that mind in at all times .
tr	I	They no have right to judge you in any way .
tr	I	When had I an important client meeting , he offered to bring the documents .
tr	I	I couldn 't in draw a breath .
tr	O	Emily tried to pull away , but Kelsey gripped her hard , dragging her so forcefully Emily 's feet left the ground .
tr	I	This halted immediately him .
tr	I	He felt as if Ethan had punched him the in face .
tr	I	Heart : rate Excited .
tr	I	How , I asked , does faith your in God square with the off-campus parties your fraternity holds ?
tr	O	He glanced over at her and saw fear in her eyes .
tr	I	I rang the doorbell then and stepped back , half afraid she wouldn 't ask me in .
tr	O	It was that question which caused his delay .
tr	I	The dwarf swallowed pills the .
tr	I	His body tensed as he fought the intense desire lose to himself in her completely .
tr	O	You have ten minutes at best before soldiers could have a visual sighting .
tr	I	It couldn be 't better .
tr	O	Stepping past me , he continued his journey down the corridor .
tr	O	I had no fancy bows , but Benita had some for sale , including a gold lame one I thought would be pretty .
tr	O	Jolene had ten minutes on the phone , and Betsy had already used up six of those minutes telling her story .
tr	O	The thought made him smile .
tr	I	We have to the respect rules of our treaty , and this is one of them .
tr	I	That hurts truth so much that I 'll never be able to speak the words .
tr	O	I pointed to the window were the glowing eyes of the Death Walkers were peeking in .
tr	O	Now he just had to figure out if he had the courage to back away from the only woman he 'd ever truly loved .
tr	O	Fenrir 's scent lingered everywhere in shed hair and urine .
tr	I	Eventually the curved dirt walls of the tunnel gave way to stone , the and corridor became more square .
tr	O	He shouted , as the car stampeded past him , roaring as it went .
tr	O	He gently pulled her away from him , pressing her back against the pillow .
tr	O	As the cheers died and Ewan returned inside with the babe , the clansmen went back to their duties .
tr	O	For the first time since he left , he felt warm .
tr	O	Or did these people know from some other source ?
tr	O	Jake let his spoon fall into his bowl .
tr	O	His sister came alive in his mind .
tr	I	By his own name he doth swear he that doth not abandon thee .
tr	I	Actions confidence required , and maybe bravery .
tr	O	When he pulled his mouth away he was breathing hard .
tr	O	In a moment of sheer bravery and some might say idiocy , Emma lifted her hand to cup his smooth jaw .
tr	O	A couple of mugs and two tin plates were carefully arranged at either end .
tr	I	I wanted to this do for you .
tr	I	Chris opened his mouth the at same time the door buzzed .
tr	I	The lines on the man 's face were even deeper than 'd they been before .
tr	O	He had never worn it down .
tr	I	With his precise , delicate fingers , he quickly to began break up the small herbs and roots .
tr	I	Instead she said that they were from the west , and that she had been searching other for mages since she discovered her power .
tr	I	As for the second Raum demon , its mouth was open and it was a making distressed , hooting noise , like a monstrous owl .
tr	I	I see he ordered filet the , too .
tr	I	Burt blocked her path towards dressing the room .
tr	I	She had her suspicions as to their reasons had but been too busy to look into them .
tr	I	In all lunches those , he 'd never once asked her about herself .
tr	I	Gray her corrected of this misconception .
tr	O	I don 't know if she expected me to leap in and try to stop her , or if she was just checking to see my reaction .
tr	O	Alanna crossed her arms and sat roughly down onto the bed .
tr	I	They love their creator , and only creator their .
tr	I	Colin had dodged him afternoon yesterday .
tr	I	If we go to the bed , the temperature go will down a bit .
tr	O	Especially when Samantha had explained her business to Gwen .
tr	I	Roll with around ... She wasn 't going to think about that .
tr	O	Becky had come into the diner with her father .
tr	I	He carrying was a large , dark suitcase .
tr	I	Probably couldn 't take a punch in the face for of fear ruining his perfect smile .
tr	I	Eduardo out peeked again , his eyes wide as he pressed his forehead against the glass to stare at us .
tr	I	He simply acted too soon , before the had monarchy truly waned .
tr	I	The was text to the point .
tr	I	Then was there the opportunity of the school play .
tr	O	And so the dedications had begun .
tr	O	As she talked Vincent relaxed and the tension melted away from his face .
tr	I	A pillow was pushed in the under head .
tr	I	If aimed she it just right , say , inside his brain , and then ignited it ... or perhaps that would be aiming it wrong .
tr	O	She took a breath to calm her nerves and dropped down to hug him .
tr	O	Jamie tensed , realizing what the punishment would be if she moved .
tr	O	They were all on their feet by now .
tr	I	He shook his head , as if trying to his clear vision .
tr	I	Twirling her fingers , much slower this time she at last William told the ships were separated .
tr	O	She stroked her canine protector 's silky ears .
tr	I	Anything that fought against Lorcan or men his , she needed to protect .
tr	O	We go straight west from here , and down the stair .
tr	O	The crew walked around with looks of frozen dread on their faces .
tr	O	He sucked in a breath of air and when he let it out , the sound came out a ragged groan .
tr	I	She propelled me the toward kitchen .
tr	I	Did Teagan have enemies any ?
tr	O	Jason wrapped his arm around the older man .
tr	O	When we 've walked fifteen paces , I stop and search for the small door embedded into the stone .
tr	I	For a year , observed she and listened to all that these people did and thought .
tr	O	Elise thrived on order and routine .
tr	O	Then what could have delayed them ?
tr	I	Most of them to want talk about their eggs .
tr	O	He straightened up and stretched his cramped back .
tr	O	The stallion bucked a little , but seemed to sense his riders ' urgency and followed Liam 's guiding hand .
tr	I	So he for waited her to read them aloud .
tr	I	He knew she who was .
tr	I	Would you like me to share a soda with you so you can see drink me something too ?
tr	O	She continued to look on , as hundreds of aliens poured into the room ; some with human characteristics , but most without .
tr	O	They 'd like nothing more than to get their hands on the Professor , who is pretty much public enemy number one .
tr	I	We still had two minutes , all after .
tr	I	One of wisdom , of one intolerance .
tr	O	A sticky , consuming cloud of malicious vengeance spread through my veins like wild fire and clarity found me .
tr	I	Marching , focused on the steps like in training PT or cadence calls in formation .
tr	I	At least could he still affect her , he thought .
tr	I	A single tear ran down cheek her .
tr	O	Daniel made sure he had a front row seat .
tr	O	I took a big swig .
tr	I	For my friend Chloe , whom without The Woodlands would never have made it out of the desk drawer .
tr	I	So I 'd a be town wench ?
tr	I	Which meant odds the were eight to one .
tr	O	The field , she thought , opening her eyes , looking around the engine room .
tr	O	He started to pace back and forth .
tr	O	' Yes , ' she said , and smiled .
tr	I	I 'd have that granola bar soon enough , but I wasn interested 't in eating at the moment .
tr	O	Had he been killed because he found her ?
tr	I	But Rhett 's face was flushed still .
tr	O	So I told him what I thought of him .
tr	O	Hard enough that she caught air .
tr	I	The family could not afford to him pay but he 'd eat well and have a roof over his head .
tr	I	he grabbed a white towel from the behind counter and started to wipe a small spill of his soda from when he was shocked .
tr	I	I at looked Susie , and then I laughed with her , because I knew she was going to be all right .
tr	O	Tipple studied the smoke wafting from his cigarette for a moment .
tr	O	The team that 's in Bolivia cracked a coup against the American embassy there so the mood was good around the office .
tr	I	One moment he was there , and the next he was gone , sinking fast the beneath waves .
tr	I	Or maybe he just 's an idiot .
tr	I	I out stare the window .
tr	O	She still wanted him to think she had been unaffected .
tr	I	Angelina fled back up the hill with tears down streaming her face .
tr	O	Hell , his fingers itched to strip off the thick layers and explore , inch by tantalizing inch .
tr	O	Niu repressed his irritation .
tr	O	Again and again , Agnes left the ball well alone .
tr	I	His icy eyes blue danced with mischief .
tr	I	She howled at captor her .
tr	O	Rainbow spectra sparkled from crystal chandeliers .
tr	O	I breathed as shallowly as I could , not wanting to disturb whatever was happening inside of him .
tr	O	The words were disturbing .
tr	O	The taller man was the older .
tr	I	Their couldn worlds 't be further apart .
tr	I	Suddenly the music came to an end Richard and laughed .
tr	O	She didn 't say anything else , and they rode in silence until they reached the campground .
tr	O	He would be mortally offended by a woman calling him beautiful .
tr	O	No one found the comment all that funny .
tr	O	Her fear had come true : Jake had come before Paul .
tr	O	His forehead furrowed and he thumbed the crinkles between his eyebrows as if battling a headache .
tr	O	He caught her sword on his hilt an inch from his head .
tr	O	What used to terrify her as a girl , she eventually accepted as a way of life .
tr	I	Her lips were parted and her were eyes closed .
tr	I	I had a vague recollection of a guy paying her a visit once a in while .
tr	I	Sergeant Anderson stared up at him , eyes open wide terror with .
tr	I	I walked up to her and placed my hand her on shoulder .
tr	I	After everything we 've done , how I am blushing ?
tr	O	Lightning struck and he was gone .
tr	I	He the unfolds box .
tr	I	Jesus fucking Christ , where he is ?
tr	O	It was tempting to think about doubling back and taking the guy down .
tr	O	Several stairways ran down the interior of the wall .
tr	I	It 's good that my mother stayed inside , or I would have gotten another lecture how on to behave as a proper daughter .
tr	I	She her kissed brother 's cheek .
tr	I	It glittered like small a sun .
tr	I	Cameron scarred 's cheek moved , but the rest of him remained still .
tr	I	She got to up bring the empty popcorn bowl into the kitchen .
tr	O	Her thoughts were somewhere in the stratosphere , but she 'd hung on to that much of her sanity .
tr	O	He nods , but he still doesn 't look up .
tr	O	Your brother kicked that big horse of his and fetched me out of there .
tr	I	His fingers smoothed gently around wrists her , the cream wearing thin now , but instead of topping it up he coiled his hand over hers .
tr	I	Apparently he hadn 't hidden his attraction as well as he thought 'd .
tr	O	This time Connor spit out his drink .
tr	I	The sage hummed as perused he the contents of the newly translated text .
tr	O	Mindy Park zoomed in on the latest satellite photo with practiced ease .
tr	O	One second he looked ready to pounce on top of her ... then the next ... he was gone .
tr	O	Steel didn 't gag at the image .
tr	I	She was very well endowed with breasts that couldn 't have been perfectly more rounded .
tr	I	I fifteen counted slots ; twelve slots had tubes attached to them .
tr	I	She took her seat in the chair nav while I contacted ground control and relayed our plan to depart .
tr	O	I turned to Julian , now sitting on the couch .
tr	I	He bent propping down Lyssa up with one arm and picking up her shoe she must have lost at the schoolyard .
tr	I	For the most part , the water clear seems all the way down to the bottom .
tr	I	Kelsey dropped luggage her on the floor by her feet .
tr	O	It 's just too risky to operate in the dark like this .
tr	O	What was going on ?
tr	I	Mikhail moved out into the open , his arms held out from his sides , his body fluid a combination of power and coordination .
tr	I	How long has it been since I studied a Shakespearean in play English class , or memorized Irish verbs for tests ?
tr	I	Harding had stayed at the car railroad to talk to the police .
tr	I	Later she 'd everything explain .
tr	I	Maybe this could be fun all after .
tr	I	My stomach tightened as I worried the sky was a prediction things of to come .
tr	I	None it of is real .
tr	O	But it wasn 't enough .
tr	I	His hand clenched around the arm of couch the .
tr	O	Stepping forward , she laid her hand on his head .
tr	O	Capella suggested with a wicked smile .
tr	I	It was vintage , probably nearing a hundred years old and had been recently purchased from an estate sale .
tr	I	The first item to be auctioned off was a case of French red that went for a sum staggering of money .
tr	I	Her laughter dying instantly , Grace felt a malevolent presence even Julian before tensed in her arms .
tr	I	Rebecca knew he had to be twice as tired as she was , so she dragged herself off bed the .
tr	I	And before Jennifer had her had philosophical awakening about meat .
tr	O	I didn 't understand why he was so hurtful to me .
tr	I	But her had spirit been reborn over the past two days through so many harrowing experiences .
tr	I	Even now , the memory of his words had the power to tears bring to her eyes .
tr	O	There seemed to be several dozen bound volumes on that shelf .
tr	O	Fade raised his hand .
tr	I	Raven starts again walking .
tr	O	Vin quickly Pulled the vial to her hand .
tr	I	Time , course of , goes on .
tr	I	She shrugged , trying to look casual , but her eyes were bright , giving away her pleasure at thought the of showing Lily .
tr	O	This was where he went back to being the hard bastard she hated .
tr	I	Without another word , he walked out , slamming the behind door him , the thud reverberating from the walls .
tr	I	It two 's policemen I 've never seen before .
tr	O	The leaves were still ; the street was empty .
tr	I	Is it message a from The Morning Crew ?
tr	I	She must have been very enthusiastic ... ? '
tr	O	I saw what happened .
tr	I	Ian got up from the bed wrapped and his arms around me .
tr	O	They 're available in house brands at fifteen bucks for 200 pills at your local pharmacist .
tr	O	Sam nodded back at me and looked over to talk to Denny again .
tr	I	His father was dead-on right : he 'd had no interest in joining the company family .
tr	O	Going home -- home to France that is .
tr	I	After all , Levana was the one who had raised her to her position current , bypassing several candidates with more experience .
tr	O	She rolled her eyes .
tr	I	How could they have been in the temple long so and not known , or been warned , the battle was starting ?
tr	O	And a person like Cissy , who talked without thinking , could really upset the balance of things in Last Chance .
tr	I	He have may still been in college , or recently graduated .
tr	O	It looked like we had been set up .
tr	O	I stopped midway down the hall when I heard voices coming from the dining room .
tr	I	He knew with certainly , he 'd grovel , beg , and promise her the world , if she 'd hear only him out .
tr	O	When I was about sixteen , we were camped out at the old cabin , the one I pointed out to you earlier .
tr	I	I was near kitchen the now .
tr	O	Her sister-in-law had encouraged her to go to college , to be her own woman .
tr	O	I was confused , since it was clear to me that to defend one 's honor was a just cause for killing another .
tr	O	She bet he 'd never had homemade macaroni and cheese before .
tr	O	She was giving her daughter the chance to say something of substance .
tr	I	I thought back the to first time we had seen each other in Hawaii .
tr	I	She held them close and smothered them kisses with .
tr	O	About half of New England has no heat now .
tr	O	Realization hit a split second too late .
tr	I	She had to remain a survivor the in shadows .
tr	I	I took hair a tie off of my wrist and knotted my hair into a messy bun on the top of my head .
tr	I	And keep her there with a thigh well-placed .
tr	I	My shoulder aches , I but ignore it and grab with both hands .
tr	O	No power , no wishful thinking , no magic , can prevent this .
tr	O	' At all events , a marriage was arranged , and I thought I would be happy .
tr	O	I knew I sounded defensive , but I didn 't want his pity .
tr	O	His offer was thoughtful , but I wanted to see it all , the good , the bad , the ugly .
tr	I	We are having guests , including Joey and his wife , whom I took the liberty of inviting for a huge dinner Christmas tonight .
tr	O	Anne laughed and said she loved it , and when they went out to dinner that night , she left the stickers on her legs .
tr	O	You 're not worth shit .
tr	O	She nodded toward Rachel , who was clearing another table .
tr	I	I barely had enough time put to a red rose body tattoo on my neck .
tr	I	We twenty-three got in our family , Bodie says .
tr	I	There was never really reason any given , though they were able to pass down their knowledge to new generations all the same .
tr	I	You won 't get any older you while 're hosting .
tr	I	You go and there find me .
tr	O	It 's just the nature of what we do - of what you do now .
tr	I	She 's alone in car the .
tr	O	How long would it be when he sees her again ?
tr	I	Tasteless or not , I ate automatically , knowing I needed to keep my strength up for when got I out of here .
tr	O	There was no point .
tr	I	He tossed them onto the red silk bedspread , next to the heavy book religious with ornate golden swirls .
tr	O	He was right to let her go .
tr	I	The stirred woman , but didn 't awaken .
tr	I	It at had least one horn .
tr	I	It had only been whispered in sleep , in loosed restless sobbing .
tr	O	He hadn 't even bothered to take off his lab coat .
tr	O	Griffin lifted his glass and toasted his friend .
tr	O	This was just another one of those things that added to Amber 's unhappiness as a wife .
tr	I	After all , she 'd planned it that way , planned that police the would have no choice but to see her as their only suspect .
tr	I	He followed her , kept with pace her as he always did .
tr	O	The sun lit blonde highlights in his hair , and he had buried his hands in his pockets .
tr	I	Slowly , turned Belinda .
tr	I	My son and I are trying see to if Riggins is safe .
tr	I	I with sit Sadie in the cafeteria .
tr	I	He seemed to be keeping much as distance between us as possible in the massive bed .
tr	O	I can 't help but smirk about the kick I landed in his crotch .
tr	O	She didn 't answer him , and he gave a frustrated sigh , leaving the room .
tr	I	He brought them up to power taxied and the aircraft slowly to the end of the runway .
tr	O	It 's not like a made-up version of King could tell me anything .
tr	O	As I walked out the bedroom door , Nate grabbed my hand and decided we 'd greet the rest of the gang holding hands .
tr	O	The whites in turn are forming vigilante committees to go after and hang these bandits .
tr	O	Her chain vibrated as she slipped the second chain over her head .
tr	O	I didn 't really like her all that much .
tr	I	Shocked beyond comprehension , almost I dropped to the ground .
tr	O	For a moment , there yet another alarm .
tr	O	Now that my grandfather was dead , I had no reason not to use them .
tr	O	Thomas did not ask how she knew this .
tr	O	Ridley 's hands curled into fists at her sides , and she stared back at him intently .
tr	O	We can 't escape that damage .
tr	I	She remembered how empty it had felt the last time she in was there .
tr	O	Shane had smelled him , had known that back-up had come to help him .
tr	O	The clouds billowed out to fill the studio and peals of thunder shook the building .
tr	I	Even then , she was up and running once again , down slowed by the laughter that was debilitating her .
tr	I	The desk cluttered was with piles of paper , books heaped around a computer monitor .
tr	I	Grandpa growled as pulled he on his boots .
tr	I	It was as if he was looking at it the through wrong end of a telescope .
tr	I	I 'll pick it up every morning Friday before the committee meets .
tr	I	The company had bargained in good faith , but an overzealous and greedy law firm in D.C. had made demands unreasonable .
tr	O	Then she grabbed a fish and stood next to him .
tr	I	Instead , she noticed the way he shifted his bare feet against ground the .
tr	O	She noticed my blank look and clarified .
tr	O	One part of me already knew Holly was probably right , and I wasn 't ready for that to be confirmed .
tr	I	Several others from the community had taken the job in Shirley Walker peach 's and grapefruit groves .
tr	O	When she thought of mermaids and waterfalls , winds and goddesses , she thought of music .
tr	I	The baby again thing .
tr	I	He had been shocked to learn that the penthouse suite was slightly cheaper than the rooms four put together .
tr	O	Just as I lifted the glass to my lips , Grant walked in the door and scanned the room until he found me at the bar .
tr	I	We 'll empty that room and throw the open windows .
tr	I	This definitely was a moment to be savored .
tr	I	They had slept far too late for it to morning be .
tr	O	Well there it was .
tr	I	Dear Missy , I so 'm happy to hear that James moved in with you !
tr	O	He wraps his arms around me and rests his head against my stomach .
tr	I	The turned crowd to her .
tr	O	What on earth made her think that ?
tr	O	A computer on a black desk , in the corner , and a little mess in , the cloths being everywhere .
tr	O	As we now know , those meticulous plans are in disarray .
tr	O	Julia looked between Caroline and Nina and made a mental note that it might be time to make new friends .
tr	I	Garrett After reading the letter , she leaned back in her and chair brought her fingers to her lips .
tr	O	Dripping wet , he climbed in .
tr	O	The broken chain just served to confirm his suspicions .
tr	O	Heat spread through Sarah 's stomach at his coaxing tone .
tr	O	Now , the one thing in the world he cared about had been taken from him and he was like a tortoise without its shell .
tr	I	I was pretty I sure 'd know her if I saw her .
tr	O	My blade finally pierced the armored chest , lancing between the rib slits and sinking deep .
tr	I	My had boy suffered enough .
tr	I	You don owe 't me a thing .
tr	I	The guard moved toward without them a smile .
tr	O	The movement forced her to look up again and meet his gaze .
tr	O	Even a vet like him could only go so long .
tr	I	He looked her at .
tr	O	The usual sight of two excitable young boys charging towards the door lay before her eyes .
tr	O	It was cold and bland but it was all she could remember now .
tr	O	' Excuse me , sir , but exactly what kind of god are you ? '
tr	O	I played around with him for a few minutes before going downstairs .
tr	O	My skin and clothes were damp with sweat , both his and mine .
tr	I	He traced his tongue over her lower lip , tempting her to open mouth her more and allow him inside .
tr	I	I mean , you were really of out it .
tr	O	Maybe he was noticing Myles 's yard , too , and how they adjoined each other without so much as a fence to separate them .
tr	O	Like you did poor Freddie .
tr	I	Lucky ran over to him and he put his arm around her holding close her .
tr	O	I look around in wonderment .
tr	I	Patrick ran behind Rata , who slow was to begin with .
tr	O	A chorus of groans came from the six tables .
tr	O	He didn 't wait but scooped a handful out of the can .
tr	I	But she better knew .
tr	I	He was meditating with his legs crossed , reciting some of kind mantra over and over again .
tr	I	I could breathe barely .
tr	I	Alex then turned her attention to her phone but paused as she realized she 't didn know the number .
tr	O	Fellows ' hand stilled on the doorknob .
tr	I	Even if didn she 't dare to open her mouth and sing along .
tr	O	My hand was still held out , but my fingers were trembling , and sweat beaded my forehead .
tr	I	Chapter Two Eli Eli found an abandoned structure that looked as though could it 've fallen down any minute .
tr	O	Confused , I frowned .
tr	I	He his tilted head and put his fingers to the brim of the silk .
tr	O	I shifted forward slightly on my knees in an effort to see better .
tr	I	I gathered the light , breezy fabric above just my thigh , bunching the material against my purse as I held my leg up to him .
tr	I	He was pretty good looking for someone had who to be in his forties .
tr	O	They ate well in the wilderness , plenty of big , meaty game , which made me think they had another reason for attacking us .
tr	I	Names and numbers of men both and women .
tr	O	When I turn onto our street , Will 's car is in his driveway .
tr	I	You the are man I want to wake up beside , every day of my life .
tr	I	' This house is waiting for you to light it up your with presence .
tr	I	But before the room faded from Johnny 's concentration Geoff in swished with time for the dealer deal him in .
tr	I	Holly says , and we lose all it over again .
tr	I	The were Cabal mages worth honouring with idle platitudes .
tr	I	and then shuddered at the memory of the large ' person ' with the moustache that had so recently invaded personal his space .
tr	I	They dinner had together .
tr	I	But the leg isn yet 't right .
tr	O	But not right now .
tr	I	All it of gone .
tr	I	I sure made to go to a doctor frequently .
tr	I	His moved tongue , feeling the rough wash cloth as I carefully stroked back and forth .
tr	O	You may return to Earth soon , once you have done what we planned . '
tr	O	He was running blind but then so were his pursuers .
tr	O	He held his hands up in the air and backed slowly away .
tr	I	A silver box attached the to small brick wall structure divided the entry and exit gates .
tr	O	Eventually he would resent her for the marital restrictions imposed on his lifestyle .
tr	I	The scenery was definitely different , but the felt feeling the same .
tr	I	At the same time , Swami fell away , his sword clattering to floor the .
tr	I	repeated Miss Mooney , now turning face to her .
tr	O	He had never felt like that before .
tr	I	The match had been stopped after that , called off by both kings , and a called truce .
tr	I	He let words those sink in .
tr	O	Benji passed Ellie and stood next to me .
tr	I	I stood there for a moment in disbelief , and then I to walked my bedroom .
tr	O	She gave the banister a shake and stamped on the first step to test its strength .
tr	I	On the billboard a 's pirate treasure chest slowly opened and shut , like a clam 's shell .
tr	I	This one detailed his accomplishments in the Between War the States .
tr	O	one of the officers asked when he was finished recounting his part of the story .
tr	O	He tilted her head back a little more and whatever small amount of rationality she had deserted her .
tr	O	My parents live in the suburbs about two or three miles from here .
tr	O	Eve let out a warning cry , but Claire stepped in front of Oliver as the shotguns came up .
tr	O	They have one of the Fire Order with them . '
tr	O	You will also contact Charlie immediately upon Andy 's return .
tr	I	He was an island native , and knew he the currents .
tr	O	Remember , these bastards thought they could get away with grabbing the West Coast when we were down on the mat .
tr	I	He froze in mid-sentence he when saw something below .
tr	I	Or have perfectly babies healthy and abandon them .
tr	O	A wrong move when the back muscles were tight and tired and Gray would be down for days , sedated to quiet the pain .
tr	I	You aren 't a rough puncher cattle .
tr	I	English is that four hundred years old .
tr	O	He took his batting stance again and waited .
tr	O	I 'm BFF number two since we use the numbers in accordance to when we met each other .
tr	I	She pulled her hand from his , her stomach clenching with yet another of spasm betrayal .
tr	O	I saw Riley pull into their long driveway .
tr	O	She managed to walk right through them as if they were nothing but air .
tr	O	Nick dug some change out of his pocket .
tr	O	The door shut with a hard clang , and the loud chatter of the office outside was muted in an instant .
tr	I	She wished no from follower Leng 's hateful monastery , for along the way ahead would lurk enough of other dangers .
tr	I	Long live tsar the .
tr	O	She smells the familiar air of cigarette smoke .
tr	O	I know he 'll be back tonight , but already I feel hollow .
tr	I	Vengeance is act an of violence .
tr	I	I shuddered on the inside and felt headache my come back full force .
tr	O	Aeron 's body began shaking again , nearly convulsing .
tr	O	I told them the condensed version of my adventure in Portland , leaving out anything about assaults or rapes or murder or anything else illegal .
tr	I	He could probably the outrun rats over a short distance .
tr	O	Peering intently into the darkness , I tried to remember if I 'd ever seen anyone out on my street before when I was up and wandering .
tr	O	She undid the fastener , opened the lid and let out a gasp of surprise .
tr	O	Trying to find the words , he raked his fingers though his hair .
tr	I	Kenji cuts me off , pointing the at two guys sitting on the couch .
tr	O	She gestured generally around the room .
tr	O	He was strong and enormous in size but I fit perfectly .
tr	I	It hadn 't started out way that .
tr	O	He says and I 'm not sure if it is to humour me or genuine .
tr	I	I smiled at her looked and away from Xavier .
tr	I	Something and dark empty is left inside .
tr	I	' Netball on tournament Saturday , which we lost , of course . '
tr	O	Before she could weep for herself or her family too long , the boat rocked .
tr	O	No , I tell myself .
tr	I	He stood up and slowly turned round .
tr	O	Oddly , the one farther west was on the German side while the eastern was Belgian .
tr	O	Joe talked on but was quite quiet when Melvyn asked about the horses .
tr	O	Figured the fact I knocked up his little sister probably didn 't sit very well with him , either .
tr	I	Shannon 's twisted expression strangely .
tr	I	CM : is Why that ?
tr	O	I don 't really eat the pancakes Mrs Mason makes .
tr	I	Only Zarah noticed the exchange since Sidra and Rashid were with busy the photographer , and very preoccupied with each other .
tr	I	Jenna and I ourselves let into the church office .
tr	O	They had been talking about what it was like to be a vampire when a sudden weariness had overtaken her .
tr	O	Several little girls were sitting at desks .
tr	I	He didn 't die right away and they a got doctor to him .
tr	I	She shook head her , remembering .
tr	I	Go down this road ( called by the very name imaginative of Southgate Street ! )
tr	O	It gave him the option to leave his name and address so he did .
tr	O	Every blow made her feel weaker and more helpless .
tr	O	All she knew was that she had reached the end of her tether .
tr	O	The alpha surprised Charlie by stepping back , letting go .
tr	O	Stillness to be with Ainsley .
tr	I	She could see the round curve of cheek his .
tr	O	But even so , it 's better than facial baldness in some ways .
tr	O	Bode shook her head .
tr	O	Josie picked at her scrambled eggs .
tr	O	~ Everyone huddled around the fire on the factory floor , talking very little .
tr	O	There 's nothing else for building one 's physique like fighting battles once or twice a week and scrounging for a living in between .
tr	I	She decided to put a in few bucks and pulled into the nearest station .
tr	O	It has been seven years .
tr	O	Joshua slept all through the night , dreaming of cruising down the river , fishing pole at the ready .
tr	O	Annie mulled this over a moment before shaking her head .
tr	I	Did deserve I this ?
tr	I	It 's too I bad didn 't choose better in my wife .
tr	O	The whole district probably .
tr	I	He calmed the waters slightly , using gentle currents to coax the children toward Goddess the and himself .
tr	O	He beat against my back , struggling to get away .
tr	I	Because in his secret heart , wondered he if it was really true .
tr	O	Emma told me the hats are made from Canadian black bear fur .
tr	I	Her suitcases had already been loaded into the car , so all she had to carry was slim her , green leather clutch bag .
tr	I	But I managed to a get decent night 's sleep and woke with the morning sun blasting a hole in a dream of wolves and endless wilderness .
tr	I	They orchestrated 'd this .
tr	I	I mean I 'm physically unable to myself refrain from seeing him .
tr	I	Especially not when they here arrive .
tr	I	I 't didn mean to worry you .
tr	O	They feel they must leave this area because Tracy will eventually lead dangerous people to here .
tr	O	She swallowed once , then tried to get away from him .
tr	O	I don 't know .
tr	O	Who the hell is this man watching the apartment ?
tr	O	She leaned into him , her back against his chest .
tr	I	I shook head my and looked away .
tr	O	I loved Mason but I didn 't think we were ready for that .
tr	I	They tell me to take of care her .
tr	I	Her insides clenched with the fear that he say would no .
tr	O	' Can you guess what I felt ? '
tr	I	Puck voice 's broke through my numb trance .
tr	O	She sat down cross legged on one side of the board while I took the other .
tr	I	I was out on the beach , wrapped up in Bastian 's arms with our back against a big rock and the ocean towards rolling us .
tr	I	I hope 's he okay .
tr	I	Sarah throwing up within a weeks few of that ride .
tr	O	Outraged , Jon hurls his phone across his living room hard enough to put a nice dent in the wall .
tr	O	I don 't think Monty would kill him for that .
tr	I	Whatever he did , the one in the white wig wouldn 't her shift attention from Raphael .
tr	I	He pulled the dress his over head and unzipped the bodysuit , tucking them under the bedspread to make a rough sleeping Mum shape .
tr	O	I gave the outside zipper a sharp tug .
tr	O	When I return to myself , I 'm sweating , my knuckles bloodied , chips of stone hacked out of the walls of my cell .
tr	I	Rain hammered the car , made it shake rattle and .
tr	I	asked Brother Benedict putting his right hand on shoulder the of his friend .
tr	O	She was reaching for some candied fruit ; she popped a piece in her mouth and looked at me while she chewed .
tr	O	He let his tone fill with the anger thrumming through him .
tr	I	' It 's family the tradition .
tr	I	As she approached , he flipped back through the pages to the picture of that her he 'd found .
tr	I	He didn 't like being ignored any more than did I .
tr	I	There could be no life Mikhail without .
tr	O	This is important and out of my realm of knowledge .
tr	O	But it doesn 't matter .
tr	O	He didn 't need the mind-bending stress of worrying about her stepping on some kind of land mine - Shit .
tr	I	Ben had been dreaming of this for moment ages .
tr	O	The differences were as striking as the similarities .
tr	O	I was hoping he would walk right past us , but no such luck .
tr	I	He was parrying and evading with time and to space spare , but his movements were different .
tr	I	All of a sudden , the desire to tell him about mother her and that strange man pulsed inside her .
tr	I	Christian threw the note to ground the .
tr	I	Or just take the to dividends live on .
tr	O	I need you to watch the boat and tell me when he comes ashore .
tr	O	He found Serge behind the bar counting bottles .
tr	I	The boat turned out to an be Irish Coast Guard cutter on patrol for the lost divers .
tr	O	But then , without explanation , Scott took the job .
tr	I	I fixed myself a peanut butter sandwich , which I 't didn eat .
tr	I	After a few more men proclaimed their love , it was 's Basha turn .
tr	O	She needed the freedom .
tr	I	Fiji didn 't believe that was going happen to .
tr	O	Her eyes stung , and she didn 't know why exactly , but she felt ashamed .
tr	I	There are some consoles to the left and right , but I don 't know even what they 're for .
tr	I	The young , strong man leapt across the wagon and started to pummel Tarik 's attacker , screaming out for the man older to stop .
tr	O	Had Martha compromised their cover before they could infiltrate the compound ?
tr	O	Dagmar prompted kindly when the woman just kept staring .
tr	I	She away pulled licking her lips .
tr	I	the man retorted a in steely tone .
tr	O	Small gators fought for position .
tr	O	Joe nodded understanding just how he felt .
tr	I	She raises an eyebrow disbelief in .
tr	O	I 'll be damned if there ain 't someone livin there .
tr	I	A jolt fear of hit her hard .
tr	O	She was just back from one of the endless project coordination trips and had all her concerns validated by finding her beloved lab in disarray .
tr	O	Mr. Clark was stepping to the podium and adjusting the microphone .
tr	I	Afterwards , I got in to the designated restaurant and saw our reserved table where sat I down and relaxed .
tr	O	I watch Declan watching Amanda , and really look at him .
tr	O	She studied him , more adult than child .
tr	O	I thought about it for a long minute , watching Zander 's eyes and seeing a flicker of disapproval when I didn 't answer right away .
tr	O	Besides , it 's only five years , way less than the difference between my parents .
tr	O	Without releasing my hold on her hand , I led her up the stairs to my bedroom .
tr	I	Vin followed him through the city , flaring steel , landing on and roofs streets , Pushing herself in great arcing leaps .
tr	I	I kept my duck blind of a smile in place , and mouthed appropriately polite phrases the in right spots .
tr	I	Without where knowing it all came from the words to say came to me .
tr	I	He pushed doors the open .
tr	O	Zinnia licked her lips and nodded .
tr	O	His eyes were still sparking red and his face looked pained .
tr	I	Mom kept on and crying I couldn 't say anything for a while .
tr	O	She loved Jon and hoped they would be able to resolve their problems , but she 'd begun to fear that wasn 't possible .
tr	O	She swallowed , licked her lips again , then nibbled on the lower one , and he almost groaned .
tr	I	Rabbit looked up and even Polonius his tilted head .
tr	O	Having this woman to lean on was ... incredible , to say the least .
tr	I	Will sat on his bed , his beautiful shirt blue lying on the floor in a crumpled heap .
tr	I	His voice did not like sound the men they encountered at the entrance to the castle .
tr	O	Tight enough so he couldn 't leave .
tr	I	Just lost a step bit .
tr	O	I poked an elbow behind me .
tr	O	Tristan interrupts my thoughts as he inches closer to me so that the side of his leg is pressed up against mine .
tr	I	I feel a little about torn invading his privacy but I figure I can 't do much worse than I 've already done to him .
tr	I	Travis was known as the boy bad in town .
tr	O	I said yes , even though no would have been the more honest answer .
tr	I	That relationship didn compromise 't what we had , did it ?
tr	I	That was the metal that lay beneath Hywel 's open-hearted façade -- and the part of him he 'd from gotten his father .
tr	O	It felt like my head would explode from the pain of watching this .
tr	I	Holding onto my knees and gasping , tears running down my kind face of laughing .
tr	I	Gina opened her desk and draw busied herself with papers .
tr	O	I slump against him , my cheek to his wet neck .
tr	O	I truly had slid a pizza in two minutes ago , before we had taken its wrapping and the rest of the trash out .
tr	I	But small a , rueful smile .
tr	O	And I 'm not sure I 'm ready to delve into that aspect of my Far 's personality .
tr	I	I didn want 't her mistaking me for a sluggish student .
tr	O	She shook her head .
tr	I	Clearly , he smug wore well .
tr	O	I then thought about the third player in the game .
tr	O	His phone rang and Daniel saw that it was his father .
tr	I	The freeways themselves were becoming blocked increasingly by vehicles without fuel , which had to be pushed to the side of the road and deserted .
tr	I	He reached behind and pulled the gun from shelf a near his head .
tr	I	I couldn 't , I him loved too .
tr	O	A day here or there would not be enough .
tr	O	He quickly took the patient 's pulse and determined it to be weaker than normal .
tr	I	When she started to speak , he his placed finger over her lips .
tr	I	I 't don want you to go .
tr	O	I mean to say .
tr	O	She sighed and tilted her head as we stared at each other .
tr	O	The sound of fabric brushing against the wood led him to believe she 'd just slid to the floor .
tr	O	But the biggest problem is that Archer McFall is the new preacher at the church , and Mom wants Ronnie to attend midnight services with her .
tr	I	There were gasps , small cries of dismay surprise and .
tr	O	Getting entangled in a relationship with a guy wasn 't part of my plan .
tr	I	The thought of being him dead wasn 't something she wanted to accept , so she forced those thoughts aside .
tr	I	I 've never been quick with that of sort thing .
tr	O	Yet Hunter 's attacker uttered nothing more than a grunt as he pivoted around to face him , working to get the advantage once more .
tr	O	Ryder smiled , and kept his head down .
tr	O	The wound kept moving in a very disconcerting way , since the Were was in the process of changing back into a human .
tr	O	Zachary demands with annoyance and anger .
tr	O	The force suspending him in the air existed throughout his body but seemed centered in his chest .
tr	I	Her lower clenched body in delicious response .
tr	I	Or it would be charming if it didn 't have to with do Max Pesaro .
tr	I	Damn , that did mean she was joining the ranks of the nut job army ?
tr	I	He was excited , and fingers his kept drumming nervously on the book he held on his lap .
tr	I	His eyes widened again , but this time was it with excitement .
tr	O	I can 't believe it didn 't cross my mind until now !
tr	I	She had to pack , she had to ready get !
tr	O	She shrugged , reaching for a roll of ribbon .
tr	O	There was very little that could be called angelic about Reed .
tr	O	She finished and then pushed it forward .
tr	O	And in the end , he knew they did want that .
tr	O	He took a deep breath .
tr	I	Ruth asked , not clearly interested .
tr	I	The goal was to capture and arrest as of many the rebels as possible .
tr	O	I gestured to the room filled with my peers , my Immortal peers .
tr	O	I love you , and we can get through this together .
tr	O	He 'd been so proud of her , he 'd almost done it .
tr	O	I held on to those eyes for as long as I could .
tr	I	He looked up glared and at the men .
tr	O	It was locked , but Drake had no problem with it .
tr	O	Not as bad as some historical accounts .
tr	I	It didn feel 't like such a long time since they lost an older daughter to fever .
tr	O	You may be able to repair some of the damage if you stop and think .
tr	O	He figured by the time he arrived she would be done with her friend 's festivities .
tr	O	Evolutionary theory is red-hot for Christians who call themselves creationists .
tr	I	Only Alec like smelled expensive cologne .
tr	I	For some reason , though , her fear wasn for 't her physical safety .
tr	I	I started pissed getting , the heat rising in my belly .
tr	I	And my dick , that for matter .
tr	O	But instead I just followed my impulse and found her number on my phone .
tr	I	Then just as all suddenly was black .
tr	I	I if wondered the Warriors would accept seven victors , but after deliberating with the masters , Chris selected only one as the winner .
tr	I	Children shouted the in streets , guardians barked orders , and the city radio squawked from flashy speakers .
tr	I	I was thinking to myself as I in reached and took the glowing object into my hands .
tr	I	The around partygoers us broke out in laughter , as if Nash were a headlining comedian .
tr	O	He screamed as he cradled his hand .
tr	I	She was tall and slender with golden hair down cascading her shoulders , her face that of a goddess , perfect and frightening .
tr	I	He 'd been so near hell , he would reek of scent its for days .
tr	O	Again it was Julie who answered .
tr	I	Tickets for the legendary Ghost Tours out sold each weekend .
tr	O	He wouldn 't be going through this alone .
tr	O	I was a lab geek .
tr	O	Over the past hour Bark had tried to focus his thoughts on the mission .
tr	I	News reports the showed first super hero on a rampage , fighting law enforcement and destroying portions of the city .
tr	I	The way she cried when he said he take her to Bridge Tower .
tr	I	Still , this came move as a complete surprise to everyone , including those closest to the President .
tr	O	No way was I telling Toby that she wanted me to destroy Tristan .
tr	I	I want to know what was it .
tr	O	The girl would just think she 'd fallen asleep and would drive away never knowing what had happened to her .
tr	O	Was it really possible ?
tr	I	I fill the space between us with project all talk the way into the lobby and up to my corridor .
tr	I	In fact , he tired was of being friends .
tr	I	What you did expect ?
tr	I	But there is no city outside of Rome as great as where Alexandria we are now .
tr	I	She what knew she was doing and I couldn 't deny that I knew she had the talent to go far .
tr	O	James looked at the man who stood obediently before the king , having fulfilled his duty .
tr	O	Joye was passing the flashlight over the ground and we saw a large pile of yard clippings .
tr	O	You 're a wonderful child with great potential .
tr	O	Then , a wonder occurred .
tr	I	She was so soft , so yet firm , flesh like satin .
tr	I	We need really to take some time to understand what this might be .
tr	O	She 'd finish this mission as quickly as possible .
tr	I	Enough to tell him that his father was still on the side wrong of the boundary between the Twisted Kingdom and sanity .
tr	O	Who could 've written it ?
tr	O	I then saw Special Agent White in the passenger seat .
tr	I	I tell ya , are those the bennies of a successful ambush now and then .
tr	I	But then , I stopped being that person a after while .
tr	I	Jill had a point , but was it a tough one for me to swallow .
tr	I	At once , he felt the man 's relief as his stopped body trembling .
tr	O	He was patient with me and I accepted his love .
tr	I	I have inherited my father 's Scandinavian aversion to hours superficial of small talk .
tr	O	I lost myself in the streetlights and the music once again .
tr	I	It made Grace feel better to know there were at least two young children in this town that seemed to be made adults for .
tr	O	I need to get back to the cave and see if June is all right .
tr	O	no it don 't .
tr	I	She wanted to know beyond a shadow of a doubt that this man wanted her as much she as wanted him .
tr	O	In his other was a large cup filled with black coffee .
tr	I	Much as she liked gifts , Andrea wasn 't sure she the relished interruption .
tr	I	None of boys ever left the property the during day .
tr	I	Oh , did I mention and Gloria Alex were ghosts ?
tr	I	' To scare away them . '
tr	O	Ollie finally asked in wonderment .
tr	O	It 's Jase and Tim 's shift today .
tr	O	Said Lea , who tried to get air into her lungs .
tr	I	He slipped it from his jacket pocket read and the display .
tr	O	Emma shifted her weight , suddenly not remembering a single morsel of food that had been served at the party .
tr	O	Maybe Milan or Paris .
tr	O	Gabriel grasped Francesca and shook her gently .
tr	I	It was a delightful sound , husky slightly .
tr	I	You need to some get sleep .
tr	I	It felt like was he now a different person now .
tr	O	Both music and books are closely monitored ; anything suspect is destroyed and the offending artist punished .
tr	O	If you enjoyed this book , please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favourite authorized retailer .
tr	I	I promise you that won it 't happen again .
tr	O	Now she missed knowing she mattered to someone .
tr	O	He raised an eyebrow .
tr	I	After a moment , nodded she .
tr	O	The red and pink remained steady and whole , but the white faded into gray , giving her a sickly cast that was unmistakable as illness .
tr	I	He 'd heard , from a variety of sources , she that had a three-month lease on the house .
tr	O	Diego tucked away his badge .
tr	O	A chill swept over Nadia as she remembered Asa .
tr	O	Get them off the train .
tr	I	Suddenly I was so unbearably sad I would 've if cried I could have .
tr	I	He the pushed gear lever into reverse and glanced at the mirror .
tr	O	I walked inside and closed the door behind me .
tr	I	She shimmered in the night sky , and took it all my strength not to reach out and touch her .
tr	I	Painter gently directed back him to the mystery at hand .
tr	O	Thomas didn 't blame her .
tr	O	You just kept acting like I was the bad guy .
tr	O	Only , Camden discovered that everything had been a set up .
tr	I	I brooding 'm , just the same .
tr	I	Dave and Mary followed Buzz to his table he where made the introductions .
tr	O	But no matter how hard her arms and legs pumped , she could hear him gaining on her .
tr	I	Jack 's over incredulity the transformation of his family was just the beginning .
tr	I	Well , they 'd better beware me of .
tr	I	The ladies other embraced him in turn .
tr	I	But , 'm I fine .
tr	O	he asked as he rubbed soap over the rough skin .
tr	I	Tavi found himself back forced on his heels as blow after blow rained down on him .
tr	O	But most of them were Catholics from Brittany , ignorant country boys but deeply religious .
tr	I	The Russians had been experimenting on Monk , using biotechnological the equivalent .
tr	O	She was very , very careful , however , not to hope for anything more than increased signs of confidence and contentment in her grandchildren .
tr	O	He wore a pair of crescent-shaped reading glasses perched on the end of his nose .
tr	O	If coddling facilitated recovery , Carol would have rehabilitated the entire world by now .
tr	O	He still wasn 't sure what it was .
tr	I	I hoped my family would better get .
tr	O	Go have another drink .
tr	I	The wind was gentle as it stirred the of scent hyacinth and lilac .
tr	I	One must have a sorority a inside sorority .
tr	O	Quentin moved the furniture out of the way and brought another pile of blankets from his room .
tr	I	Instinctively I ducked head my -- which would do me no good if he looked in my direction .
tr	O	Every muscle in Neil 's body tightened .
tr	O	I 'd been so afraid that I 'd lose her , and maybe I would have had it not been for the brutal mistakes of her parents .
tr	O	I looked completely different in these two mirrors .
tr	I	That sounded so much scarier than using the words soul insertion , up conjuring images of lightning and stone tables and long cloaks .
tr	O	I was only guessing , but I was accurate , I could tell by Horst 's face .
tr	I	he asked , his eyes narrowing as this if were the most important question of all .
tr	O	All you need to do is sit on your ass and catch the best fish in the gulf .
tr	I	I press clutch the , take her hand and place it on the stick shift .
tr	O	Working through an idea , he squatted and laid his rifle aside , easing forward then flattening his palms below the seat .
tr	I	I look around at hallway the clearing out .
tr	I	He stood , nodded Ethan at and smiled at his daughter .
tr	O	He curled up on the grass , and was asleep in moments .
tr	O	Vikram asked , turning the envelope over in his hands , not daring to open it in the office .
tr	I	You think I was a jealous cat , but she will scratch your eyes out if you to dare take another woman to your bed . '
tr	I	He shrugs and turns towards back the kitchen .
tr	O	A swing hung from the tree , and there was a white picket fence surrounding the perimeter of the home .
tr	O	Nissa folded her arms .
tr	I	And when the cops didn 't find her body , Emily was positive Ali Real had gotten out and was still alive .
tr	O	Cameron watched Ainsley as she bent to tap her ball with precision .
tr	I	I think even Rose does understand not .
tr	I	I took a deep breath and prepared for another round of with clothing Raoul .
tr	I	She shook head her , a bitter smile curving her lips .
tr	O	All that remains is the pain and the warmth .
tr	I	She had a large suitcase , a carry-on bag , and her purse ready load to into the car .
tr	I	They left in hurry a , clearly annoyed and hungry .
tr	I	And then he his lowered head to meet hers .
tr	I	He saw Haven and against shook the chains as he struggled to free himself .
tr	O	He had allowed his own ego to cloud his judgement and now his princess was paying the price .
tr	O	Doesn 't try to pretend that I 'm not standing there in front of him with my chest ripped open and my heart bleeding .
tr	O	' Was she naked ? '
tr	O	I should 've been prepared for this .
tr	I	After this , she might be able to live on her memories when she was obliged to settle down according to the 's dowager wishes .
tr	I	And Robin really thinks grandma her will be able to help us ?
tr	O	She bit down on her bottom lip , shifted her gaze from his , to the wall nearby and then back again .
tr	O	On the corner of 19th street I saw her .
tr	I	And our neighbors the feel same way .
tr	O	When she smiles shyly at me , I exhale .
tr	O	But I want to dance .
tr	O	Anger spread through me like an out-of-control wildfire .
tr	I	That French Pete legend has been floating around since the gold rush days of Elmo St. .
tr	O	Her soft lips parted but no sound came out .
tr	O	Sara screamed out , and Evan rushed back up the stairs , sliding his arm behind me to prop me up .
tr	O	And she would , more than she dared admit .
tr	I	I 'm going not to lie , Sloane .
tr	O	Jude paced in the front room of Marion Maddox 's -- no Autumn 's -- house .
tr	O	She hadn 't yet told Jennifer that he hadn 't accepted the invitation .
tr	O	She smiled and closed her eyes , her lips finding the spot she had before and this wave of tingling swept through my whole body .
tr	O	She wrapped her arms around his neck and hugged him .
tr	I	Maybe I wouldn 't have to kick him hard too .
tr	O	Halfway down the hall , Max wonders how he knew it was Tammie .
tr	I	They had been talking about for plans tomorrow .
tr	O	You think I dressed like this in 17th century France ?
tr	I	Panicked , looked she down .
tr	O	Luke looked around , trying to get his bearings .
tr	O	Steam poured out from a sewer like a boiling hot pot of soup , adding to the ominous details of the moment .
tr	I	Tony held himself immobile beneath the soft caress of Sarah 's hand on chest his .
tr	I	I continued , hating the weakness my in voice .
tr	I	Even beneath her light weight , the slabs two of steel wobbled back and forth .
tr	I	I past eased the bed , which boasted black satin sheets and comforter , taking it all in .
tr	O	He could make out sounds of a crowd not too far ahead of him .
tr	I	How naive had she been .
tr	O	She tilted her head back to look at him , her entire body tense and expectant , like a bird prepared to take flight .
tr	I	She worked to keep her voice control under .
tr	O	I mean , it 's great here and I 've met you and Zander , but it 's not quite home to me yet .
tr	I	You must take pity on me for ... both of our sakes .
tr	O	Wasn 't it uncomfortable ?
tr	O	She examined the hands in her lap .
tr	O	Jason finally had to come up for air .
tr	O	At least the FBI was looking into it now ... but what if Iris turned up dead ?
tr	I	Plutarch to crosses me , laughing .
tr	I	I a touched pink rose with one fingertip .
tr	O	He shot her a glance .
tr	O	I can 't help but wonder what that must feel like .
tr	I	Before I pushed it open , I back looked , attempting to make my comment seem off hand .
tr	O	Celie 's pale eyes were reddened , as was her upturned nose .
tr	O	They can 't possibly know .
tr	I	The plank floor was covered a with layer of sawdust .
tr	I	She wasn so 't much frightened as she was surprised .
tr	O	Naomi lowered Mista Jack to the ground , and he walked around Clarity , whispering close to her face .
tr	I	She struggled for air -- she couldn 't see who choking was her .
tr	I	I turned my phone off and my closed eyes , refusing to open them , so that I would hopefully slip into a peaceful slumber .
tr	I	My dad disappeared had in the crowd .
tr	O	He smashes into a tree and falls to the ground .
tr	I	The was gesture not lost on the reporters .
tr	O	Star took his arm and led him to the pilot 's station .
tr	I	A tiredness his crossed face .
tr	O	As if in response , the more meaty areas of the slime twitched .
tr	O	Merrill quickly pulled a silk handkerchief from a desk drawer and handed it to her .
tr	I	Kaden was a carrying good bit of the load as well .
tr	O	It takes great magic to defeat one .
tr	O	But murder is serious business .
tr	I	My figure lacked the attributes attractive of womanhood , resembling , instead , a matchstick .
tr	I	Now , our numbers growing are and our powers are increasing .
tr	I	Returning , I shoot email an to my mother .
tr	O	Not much to see until we get about two miles north of town .
tr	O	What kind of healer kills without attempting to heal ?
tr	O	The weight of dozens of eyes goaded her into faster steps .
tr	I	But as she dispensed with two dragons , one with flame other the with a spell , he wasn 't quite sure why he 'd bothered .
tr	I	Memorize the gist of it , then say it your in own words .
tr	O	Where was the man who did this ?
tr	I	His hand was pressed the over glass of the scope as he watched the tree line with narrowed eyes .
tr	O	Apparently romances appealed to a wide range of people , from schoolgirls to prison inmates .
tr	I	I figured I at looked them much the same since that was exactly what it felt like .
tr	I	He pointed at sign-in the book .
tr	I	I stifled tiny a groan of pain and pleasure .
tr	I	All that 's left of tonight 's concert is a piano two and large speakers .
tr	O	' The Gaffer 's delight , and rare good ballast for an empty belly .
tr	O	' As I said , I 'll let myself out the front , setting the door latch and closing it behind me .
tr	I	To my relief , Isaac led the traverse while I back hung and paid out the rope .
tr	I	A few days later , the alarm fire rang during U.S. History class .
tr	I	He held so me tight that I couldn 't move .
tr	I	He to nodded Preston .
tr	O	It didn 't even put the usual dimples in his cheeks .
tr	O	Seeing the wound this clearly made it hurt again and brought tears to his eyes .
tr	O	Every few minutes , he would lower his speed and draw out the compass the village headman had given him .
tr	O	Turning back , he descended the last flight of stairs to the first level .
tr	I	My was office next to Frank 's .
tr	I	' See here , is there blood on the edge . '
tr	I	She her shakes head .
tr	I	She ran a hand along muscles the of his chest , felt the heat there , and the power , and shook her head .
tr	O	Not that it seemed to matter .
tr	O	Logan examined it for a while and scoffed .
tr	I	She tried to move him aside , to only have him snuggle deeper .
tr	O	I found my clothes beside the lab table .
tr	O	After that , they continued on their way to get breakfast .
tr	I	YET another night in which sleep played merciless the tease .
tr	I	I was two seconds away from all losing sense again .
tr	I	Aaron 's fallen back into the soft sand at the 's river edge , his robe getting tangled up in his legs .
tr	O	Karen came there a lot to see Bridget Dean .
tr	I	Her gaze dark was suddenly anxious .
tr	O	Sell it , withhold it ; either way the transaction is power , the right to do as you wish .
tr	I	The shaking in Chris 's subsided legs , but his heart still raced .
tr	O	You really shouldn 't get involved in dangerous things .
tr	I	He it jammed home .
tr	I	So he some did checking , and his suspicions are confirmed to his satisfaction .
tr	I	I my shook head .
tr	I	I 'm too weak to respond , so I nodded -- even I still wanted to protest about captured getting by his insane sister .
tr	O	Eventually the others around me begin to stir and head downstairs so I follow suit .
tr	I	But it didn 't to hurt encourage him .
tr	I	Do think you she killed her dad ?
tr	I	George had never been embarrassed by except anything falling off the furniture when someone was watching .
tr	O	The shutters had fallen away .
tr	O	One of them was Cotton Malone .
tr	O	For that matter , even to be caught while in the process of destroying them was too dangerous for words .
tr	I	I begged her to listen not , to run away , but she went with him .
tr	O	I know how to sweet ' em up , one at a time .
tr	I	You can 't stalk that in thing .
tr	I	Even there though were a thousand men in the vast courtyard none could make it past the statues that completely blocked their way .
tr	O	She was tired , at least for the moment .
tr	I	The world spinning was .
tr	I	That you 'd try to stir things up by making it look as you if and I were involved ?
tr	I	Everyone took a step back , hoping to avoid power the I commanded .
tr	O	He marched into Judaea in 66 in an attempt to restore calm at the outset of the Great Jewish Revolt .
tr	I	Elizabeth felt stupid the instant those words left lips her .
tr	I	Are they stable staying ?
tr	O	She looked across overgrown grounds to the drive covered in fallen branches .
tr	I	She was sitting in a recliner aimed the at big screen TV but the TV wasn 't on .
tr	I	At first , the only hum of the fridge filled the air .
tr	I	The feet that stretched between us on seat the felt like miles .
tr	I	Dinah crouched closer George to .
tr	O	She nodded but I could feel her body tremble beneath mine .
tr	I	However , the truth often is that friends do have a tendency scatter to when things get too serious .
tr	O	All accumulated he believed with his father 's advice .
tr	I	Aria swirled her spoon around her rapidly ice melting cream .
tr	I	His voice sounds muffled distant and .
tr	I	Why didn 't Messick get his expert own witness who he wouldn 't have to force to take the stand ?
tr	O	After al , she was one of the two foxes who had abandoned Stefan to be tortured .
tr	O	He forced himself to ignore Pesaro .
tr	I	Silence ruled over the room , his odd smile became bigger and bigger , finally and the slug .
tr	O	But it did not reach her .
tr	I	Both them of were acting a bit weird , and I wondered if there was some history there that I didn 't know about .
tr	I	As we to began realise she was serious our jaws became unhinged !
tr	I	Without any warning , they attacked other each .
tr	O	Her mouth wasn 't working properly .
tr	I	The control center was intended be to used with a verse device , but Vikram had anticipated this .
tr	I	The sheets stuck to the side of my face before peeling like off velcro .
tr	O	His voice told me he was proud of it .
tr	I	The thought that me plagued every day .
tr	I	They found a cafe with few a tables outdoors .
tr	I	She quickly laughing stopped after reading his thoughts .
tr	I	The of noise someone shouting was heard , and the knocking went on .
tr	O	Donald ran the integrator image forward straight through the door , revealing a downward ramp beyond it .
tr	O	Anything else he 's hiding is going to be software in the desk , he thought .
tr	I	He made her knees feel a little bit weak , and made he her smell smoke .
tr	O	My curiosity over what he had been through since he arrived burned inside of me .
tr	I	We going 're to try to hide from the Shades overnight .
tr	O	Her worries bled away , and she watched the creature fly off without concern .
tr	O	It added even more to his rugged image .
tr	O	Who can he trust ?
tr	O	Are you still blaming yourself ?
tr	I	I switch off the ignition turn and to face him .
tr	I	After that , both boxers were resting up and waiting for the to announcer order the seconds to leave the ring .
tr	I	He was going to save world the .
tr	O	She preferred to see where this was going .
tr	I	She could only that hope she hadn 't talked with her mouth full .
tr	I	Upon defeating it , would I exit the cell and try to find something to serve as a weapon to protect myself as I searched for Andrew .
tr	I	How prospers a vine longer no green ?
tr	O	Natalie finally looked up .
tr	I	Yes not but a dog .
tr	O	He got to his feet .
tr	O	By the time Sandra and Dr. Homes made it back to the ship everyone was at the hatch to greet them .
tr	I	Taking off his overcoat no was picnic under the circumstances and it was so cold he decided to wear the button down over his Che t-shirt .
tr	O	She and her parents .
tr	O	Had she felt the same as me , angry and terrified whenever Ash put himself in mortal danger ?
tr	I	That 's the name chose I .
tr	O	It bent the deck up and ceiling down till the entrance looked like a pipe tunnel , and beyond it the bare stars .
tr	O	Impatience being my virtue , I snuck in front of a girl who was tying up loose corset laces in her medieval gown .
tr	I	I could barely the get words out .
tr	O	All were dead ends .
tr	O	God yes , I thought .
tr	I	He trusted in his hand own and the ax that it held .
tr	O	The cold , steel blade began to slice .
tr	O	Let 's face a certain blunt truth .
tr	O	I knew Mr. Lyons was up and leaving .
tr	I	Day was dawning by time that .
tr	O	And Anders did not tell Erika about the trip .
tr	O	And then we dance some more .
tr	I	He gestures towards the as ceiling he talks .
tr	I	She him wrapped up in her arms and he kissed her repeatedly .
tr	I	The mirrors threw back his reflection , clear and and crisp all in undertaker black .
tr	O	And after a moment 's disbelief , I knew she was right .
tr	I	When he opened them again , he gotten 'd himself under control .
tr	I	But every person we drove past made me suspicious and worried they were a secretly photographer or some crazed Delilah fan .
tr	I	It was something he 'd never done in his life ; he was welcome in too many to places go where he had no invitation .
tr	O	' It 's not my fault , ' I said .
tr	I	We 've already lost our horses , most of our kit and run out of and food water .
tr	I	He glanced his at watch .
tr	I	They also share all of the pain , heartache , sorrow , grief and .
tr	I	Even the front door had been locked meticulously again , leaving no sign that anyone had even been there .
tr	I	He have should done something , anything , but now two women were dead .
tr	I	Once that happens , my guess is that going their to probably fan out and head this way .
tr	I	A series hoops of are set up underwater and racers must zig and zag through each hoop .
tr	O	But the cliche about opposites attracting was certainly true in their case .
tr	O	The cottage was small and dark .
tr	O	Maybe she 'd taken him a little too for granted when it came to sex and bedroom intimacy , too .
tr	I	Lightning lit up dim the room and the thunder drowned out the radio .
tr	I	He your is enemy now .
tr	O	I pulled a few pieces of straw from my hair .
tr	I	Noah squirmed on lap my .
tr	O	If you 're in the shower , take it into the bathroom .
tr	I	He was living in the sky today like birds the .
tr	I	Just as she was about to unlock her door , she noticed something tucked under her wiper windshield .
tr	I	He opened his mouth slightly and kind of caught his lip between his teeth and let then it go .
tr	O	I rested my head on his chest .
tr	O	Ben hesitated before reaching into his pocket .
tr	O	I mimed zipping my lips just before he flipped me over onto my back .
tr	I	She quickly found a parking on space the street and walked inside .
tr	I	The entire contingent demons of was descending on us .
tr	I	The moment I touched him , his cap ran with blood as if I dumped 'd a bucket over his head .
tr	O	Echo 's hands are on my face .
tr	I	Sam projected body his to that spot directly behind the man at the rear of the vehicle .
tr	I	My must expression have given me away because the next thing Horton did was laugh .
tr	O	Harold puts his arms around me from behind .
tr	I	She noticed how Peter hadn 't introduced them to by her their Christian names and she felt very much put in her place .
tr	I	I want divorce a .
tr	O	It was not an easy thing to do while trying to catch his breath .
tr	O	I 'd never seen material so soft and supple .
tr	O	Her lips parted , her desire as clear as the dual meaning of her words .
tr	O	The visitor is a curious man .
tr	I	I asked , to trying keep him talking .
tr	O	But Lord was undecided about staying in Russia .
tr	I	They 'd gotten married in a drunken stupor and now , later years , he 'd come to find her .
tr	I	I was about to find exactly out what he meant .
tr	O	Soon they became ashes and scented smoke .
tr	I	Your father told them to not him attack so long as the bears were present .
tr	I	His arrows were clustered together so tightly that he could cover their notched with ends the palm of his hand .
tr	O	A wolf 's howl encourage them into a run again .
tr	O	Nothing could be fast enough to get away from the night I 'd had .
tr	I	Gently the letting folds of fabric fall , his hands were now inside her vest , sliding upward .
tr	O	The move was being forced and he felt vulnerable .
tr	I	I heard another chuckle in head my .
tr	I	I say nervously as I stand his on shoulders .
tr	O	As he stepped closer to the bed , he saw where the blood had come from .
tr	O	I brushed my teeth , washed my face , and walked back down the hall to my bedroom when I bumped into Bryan .
tr	O	I felt a wave of relief .
tr	I	But it meant I hovered somewhere between skeletal and thin , the right light making my ribs show my through chest .
tr	O	I teased him a little with the broom .
tr	O	John would be strong enough .
tr	I	The flashlight in hand his dimmed to a faint glow , and he tossed it off to the side .
tr	I	People me like will always be naive and vulnerable .
tr	O	She felt a pure burst of something that wasn 't quite panic , wasn 't quite excitement .
tr	I	I moved around the room , looking at the art adorning the walls , and then I picked up magazine a .
tr	O	There 's a loud , long screech .
tr	O	But there 's another element added to part two , an overall theme that was conceived while pausing at a peculiar statement made in The Tree Goddess .
tr	O	Felix was the primary other .
tr	O	He quickly made up his mind he wanted the results to materialize on the heads up display nearby .
tr	I	Charlotte stood and ratcheted Emma 's shoulders to left the .
tr	O	He took his time on the walk back to his rooms , pausing to greet those who said hello .
tr	O	Three more paces to the corner of the corridor , then five or six feet the other side was the light switch .
tr	O	There were vampire chat rooms online , vampire nightclubs and hangouts .
tr	I	And because I not am a fool , I nod .
tr	O	His innocent face wasn 't endearing to Clint .
tr	O	I 'm still wearing his bracelet , so he must know that shooting his fireballs at me won 't work .
tr	O	More proof that she 'd made the right decision in refusing to sleep with him again , she decided as she got up .
tr	O	Finally , on a warm spring day , Luke approached Sarah asking her to accompany him on a carriage ride and picnic .
tr	O	They sound wise beyond their years .
tr	I	I could smell the woodsy of scent liquor mixed with his sweet , almost herbal scent and the electricity picked up strength through my veins .
tr	I	And rather than facing him in an honorable fashion he had sunk means to beyond all shame .
tr	I	I hoped right then that this was the of beginning great things .
tr	I	It was just first the time Kevin was smart enough to pack his bags and walk away .
tr	O	Tonya , a short , fairly attractive woman with overly tan skin and voluminous frosted waves , nodded .
tr	O	Even bakery cookies would do in a pinch .
tr	O	That informal stance , rather than his remaining behind the desk , usually signaled a discussion between equals .
tr	I	' And that nun said -- ' ' -- exactly what ? '
tr	I	At the centre , Isil of Samos peered down upon him , eyes pitiless glowering .
tr	O	She briefly scanned the area .
tr	I	Some about excuse helping his mom unpack dishes .
tr	I	He arched eyebrow an .
tr	I	I would need to take the compact from her , but that would come once I could take again form .
tr	I	Finally he picked up me and threw me over his shoulder .
tr	I	Jack was a obviously busy man , and this was only a vacation after all .
tr	O	She was safe , cocooned in his arms .
tr	O	One has more control as a larger star .
tr	I	He curses to himself with annoyance as taps he his CU .
tr	O	I know the identity of the murderer , and I know his motive .
tr	O	He grabs a red shirt from his dresser and pulls it over his head , ruffling his hair into place .
tr	O	Cassie could only surmise that the battle she 'd sensed while held in the spell hadn 't gone well for the Dark Lord .
tr	I	In my entire forty years of flying I have never seen a viewing blacken window .
tr	O	Rich has disappeared into the crowd .
tr	O	Something rippled in her mind , disturbing the tranquil beauty of the night .
tr	I	After everything that had happened , she still wanted to be with Mikhail , needed to with be him .
tr	I	The blue in hole the middle is a tourist spot .
tr	I	Now Jasper just needed find to the evidence that Reed had possessed .
tr	O	But I can 't tel him why he 's distracting the hel out of me .
tr	O	This was all tailored to Alistair 's plan , and a foundation was laid .
tr	I	Rema stood , waiting to be acknowledged and permitted enter to .
tr	I	My dropped jaw , her saying the word fucking sounded good from her mouth .
tr	O	I followed , not wanting to be left alone to meet whatever was making the ground shake .
tr	O	As the cast took its bows , Timmy and Bugs shared a glance of pride and fulfillment .
tr	O	We were at dinner one night about two weeks ' post Tristan ' as I had come to think of it .
tr	O	That sensation is burning away in the pit of my stomach .
tr	O	But the door was locked and the window curtains pulled tight .
tr	O	I looked around , but everyone was staring at the malfunctioning camera .
tr	I	Their life was going to be too to nice them .
tr	I	At least now if I decide to myself drown , I won 't need loom stones .
tr	I	He had several other to things say to her , but they would have to wait .
tr	O	A surge of adrenaline giving her strength , Annabelle reached up and back , propelling her swollen fist into her captor 's eye .
tr	O	Never mind the fact he could take every opportunity to make her see how good they could be together .
tr	O	Or maybe it had just scared the shit out of both of them .
tr	I	He 'd never been to able find another girl like her .
tr	O	Thayer clears his throat .
tr	O	Avalon , find me .
tr	I	He had been gone only hours ... His gaze shifted wildly , his brain struggling to catch up with ramifications the .
tr	O	She hated doing it and didn 't do it well .
tr	I	In the months May between and November , she 'd allowed herself to think about several of her losses .
tr	I	He would have made had it he not stopped to retrieve a five million dollar stash from a building that was not on the warrant list .
tr	O	He didn 't grab her hand , but allowed it to slip away .
tr	O	It wasn 't a bear .
tr	I	Then glanced I at Riley .
tr	I	He had to think about things a more little .
tr	O	She held up the pickle to show Miranda .
tr	I	His scent , almost absent while he ate , flooded now the space between them .
tr	I	The village was in a mood festive .
tr	I	The image of Coach Miller 's body lying there , not moving , was etched my into head .
tr	I	That thought drifted his in head .
tr	O	His face ached from the blows , and surely some swelling had contorted his features .
tr	O	His tongue made love to her mouth .
tr	O	The four of us seat ourselves in the living room , ready to make some kind of plan .
tr	I	She had to turn and flee , his before strength waned and left her vulnerable .
tr	I	All them of , yelling and sweeping the air .
tr	I	She didn 't know what would happen between them , but she knew she never wanted to him lose .
tr	I	He was a signal in transmitter a known position .
tr	I	Unless they nuked first , and invaded then .
tr	O	When we pulled up to the house I hopped out of the cruiser and ran through the stinging drizzle to the door .
tr	I	No , not that way , other the way .
tr	I	The only structures visible were the schoolhouse where she had slept and sturdy two adobe houses a little way down the rounded path .
tr	O	I thrust inside her , watching in awe as her eyes glaze over and her head tips back .
tr	O	He had servants to do such tasks , of course .
tr	I	That you 'll do whatever you have to order in to wrest them from his grasp again .
tr	O	Could it be as close as this ?
tr	I	Cassius felt fury surge through him ; with all the strength left in him , he forced himself to stay frozen place in .
tr	O	You kissed five times ?
tr	O	We no longer feel we can trust Gibbons .
tr	I	It 's not like we ever had that great a relationship anyway and honestly , I thought he hated me of because the accident .
tr	I	Zach knew what the food and bowls were for , but everything else looked like it in belonged the toy box at a preschool .
tr	O	Deep and dark , and he could stare into them forever .
tr	O	The field 's getting crowded .
tr	I	She couldn 't control her expression he before saw it .
tr	O	The Russian spoke with extreme gravity .
tr	I	Within three strokes , he spilled his cum into condom the .
tr	O	24 At hour ten , Seth was resigned to his fate .
tr	I	She caught the dizzying , yeasty aroma of a bakery a few down doors .
tr	I	I was not prepared for the rush I when felt his tongue entered me .
tr	I	If you are wakeful but not hungry need you not eat .
tr	O	Her body only wanted him .
tr	O	She dragged him over to it , putting him on it as much as she could .
tr	O	She wanted to lick him up one side and down the other .
tr	O	Jerking my head up , I twisted around and stared at my bed .
tr	I	Radio if me you run into turbulence you weren 't expecting .
tr	I	Jake sighed and pushed the closed door .
tr	O	Why didn 't she come into the sitting room as protocol called for ?
tr	O	Of course she 's not okay .
tr	I	I couldn 't believe I was actually starting to consider it , but the things she told about me her dad got me interested .
tr	I	She jumped and turned , a stifling scream .
tr	I	Suddenly , screech the of a bird made me jump .
tr	I	A weary sort of cynicism replaced the on pity his face .
tr	I	He making 's me feel uneasy .
tr	O	She took another sip of her martini , looking back at him as if she 'd just won a major victory over her seating choice .
tr	I	I don know 't .
tr	O	My husband met the Aberdeen Bay acquisitions director at a Rotary breakfast meeting and told him about my novel .
tr	I	She sat , watching CNN for a while longer before getting up to switch TV the off and leave her room .
tr	I	He grabbed her and hand placed it over his hard crotch , grinding it against him .
tr	I	A waitress promptly came to them asked and what they wanted .
tr	I	Her voice trailed off and Doug knew she 'd recalled just their time in the storm .
tr	O	A dagger glinted from his fist .
tr	I	That right 's , one point for socially competent Maggie Young !
tr	I	I could still remember how she into broke tears when I told her that I wanted to end it all .
tr	O	I go over to where they are sitting on the couch and grab for Ryder .
tr	O	Tapping my fingers on the steering wheel , I yawned .
tr	O	They were all different , of course , but that was only to be expected .
tr	I	She stared at me for uncomfortable an moment , then took a deep breath .
tr	I	Not like the other sounds I had been with plagued .
tr	I	You give him one thing , he wants something else , and then he asks more for and on and on and on .
tr	I	They were endless , and I didn 't believe Fabian a for single second : they were real .
tr	I	They Southall entered Ward .
tr	I	She couldn 't put him in school , and she hadn 't the tools or the knowledge homeschool to him .
tr	I	She still didn 't always look at him when she spoke him to , but now it was because she was thinking about something else .
tr	I	Tanya paused for moment a , thinking .
tr	I	The emotional part , the part that had been humiliated tonight , clung the to possibility .
tr	O	Oh , those fingers of his were creating such havoc on her senses .
tr	I	In the quiet moments that followed , I leaned over again and kissed him for third a time .
tr	I	Maggie 's hardened eyes .
tr	I	They flew in on rushed overnight business trips , only their requirements a clean bed and a well-stocked mini bar .
tr	I	In the distance , past the farm , they could see the edge of the city -- they were on literally its doorstep .
tr	O	I was upset so he let me stay here .
tr	I	She turned back at me , and her eyes as softened well as they looked over my face .
tr	O	She snapped out his name .
tr	I	She didn 't hesitate as she grabbed the bottom branch of a large oak , swung her leg onto it and pulled up herself .
tr	I	Her mouth open fell .
tr	O	Michael didn 't even bother to turn on the wipers .
tr	I	It 's like I 'm repelled him by .
tr	O	He helped me climb into the seat opposite him in the limousine .
tr	O	She didn 't know if she should be angry or flattered or both that he 'd come here just to meet her .
tr	I	I would not be able to you rescue , but you can rescue me .
tr	I	Unfortunately , Christie didn 't any have alternative .
tr	O	Again the turtle looked up and when he looked back down and his eyes were narrow slits .
tr	I	I asked , poking head my out of the kitchen .
tr	I	Patch feather 's could be anywhere .
tr	O	He won 't talk , but at least he 's out of play .
tr	O	My reception counter faced the glass-walled lobby with a view of the runway .
tr	I	She uses a rapier very well , going through all the parries and fluidly automatically .
tr	I	Jenny for came Tony , and Mrs. Schneider took his mom to her class , and Shawn made his way to Violet .
tr	I	For death is where I am now , in the greatest sense of the word , if is life about enjoyment .
tr	I	She threw the to report the floor angrily .
tr	O	He saw that his old friend squinted against that phantom wind and drew his coat closer about him and shuddered , but his eyes betrayed no fear .
tr	I	Now , the Spartan lay quiet stil and at my feet .
tr	I	She paused , a becoming wrinkle appearing her on normally smooth forehead .
tr	I	She deserved to have every instance her in mind , good and bad and everything in between .
tr	O	Finally , he looked back at her .
tr	O	' It was good we had the distance . '
tr	O	I look like I 'm tipping over .
tr	O	Tully wasn 't cute anymore , by then , and anyhow Sugar barely knew her .
tr	O	He was ready to speak and I stopped and waited .
tr	I	I next watched in sick fascination as Wharton Mr. worked the hatchet free from the dead man 's skull .
tr	I	I him loved so much .
tr	I	How anyone could feel safe in a tomb was beyond me , but it was the one Hel place wouldn 't go .
tr	O	Speaking of Emerson , he didn 't even try to get in touch with me after our roller coaster of a Saturday night .
tr	O	That 's where the traumas occurred .
tr	I	She paused , a taking moment to remember .
tr	I	But instead of halting his actions , she followed lead his .
tr	O	How would I feel if Adrian and I suddenly ended our relationship because of the taboos ingrained in our races ?
tr	I	Thank you for respecting the author work 's .
tr	I	Tamara grabs me by the arm and pulls to me a stop .
tr	I	Maybe he did like me all after .
tr	O	At least their safest one .
tr	I	I put hands my back where they had been and tried again to strum like he did .
tr	I	The sound her of shoes clicking on the floor was the only sound to be heard in the dark night air .
tr	O	All the air in the room has been sucked out .
tr	O	Maybe I could just burn the diner down with the bodies left in it .
tr	O	The word WISH was spelled out on the horizon in the most spectacular display of forked lightning he 'd ever seen .
tr	O	He was not pleased about her open disdain towards him .
tr	O	Jason opened the car door and helped her inside , then stood in the fresh air for several minutes , hands in his coat pockets .
tr	I	Kieran 's hungry gaze went to sword the , the Lupine forgotten .
tr	I	Heck , she and were Evan hardly ever together anymore and that worried Kayla .
tr	I	They were majestic like none she ever 'd seen .
tr	I	She tugged off her scarf , unbuttoned her long coat , and hoped nose her would not start dripping .
tr	O	He swung her into his arms and onto the dance floor in time for a slow dance .
tr	I	I had 'd enough .
tr	I	You love must working here .
tr	O	The medics wheeled an elderly woman with what appeared to be a broken hip into the trauma room .
tr	O	Her Spirit had always been naturally high .
tr	O	I could handle any hazing he might decide to dish out .
tr	O	He stood with one hand on his hip , half hiding the snubbed assault rifle under his suit jacket .
tr	I	It be might a year late , but better late than never .
tr	O	You 're supposed to be able to talk about this stuff with me .
tr	O	She is so deep down inside herself that it 's difficult to climb that ladder to the top where things are actually happening .
tr	I	It was only a light rain , but it changed everything me for .
tr	I	His fell arms limply to his sides as all the fight drained out of him .
tr	I	His voice had deep a sexy growl .
tr	O	The woman had changed places with her and made her a witness to the massacre -- it was happening again so she could see .
tr	O	So much better than the way he 's been acting lately .
tr	I	All the time the fire built and now could she hear his music , the wild , unrestrained notes dancing with flames inside him .
tr	I	She kisses rained all over his face .
tr	O	He caught her gaze .
tr	O	And I do know him and his family , they 're wonderful people .
tr	I	' We 't don call 'em Muses , ' said Asphalt , grinning . '
tr	I	That in pounding my chest increases as my panic takes on a new quality .
tr	O	Her response seemed to satisfy him .
tr	I	Riddick looked the at keys and frowned .
tr	O	Pen 's hands are up , but Des keeps his hold on his flaming swords .
tr	I	The echo of her voice seemed to hang in the tops of the trees for a full seconds five .
tr	O	Determined to finish the welcoming party 's interrogation , she pushed the items on the counter forward and took out her purse .
tr	I	He really liked a sunset was that not cliché .
tr	O	She liked her attitude .
tr	O	I sat down at the table and my mom set down a plate of French toast in front of me .
tr	O	In the midst of these flames the great Dragon lay himself down in great anguish of soul , lamenting the work of his own hands .
tr	O	He had a reason to hate me , and he had plenty of reason to think I was at that battle .
tr	O	Rachel was curled around Nate when he regained consciousness .
tr	O	They stood there staring at each other menacingly .
tr	I	She blushed at that but touched he her cheek gently .
tr	O	Outside the study in the hallway , he nearly bumped into a figure standing next to the door .
tr	I	Smiley looked down at drink the and made a funny face .
tr	O	So I never really wanted to think about having to worry about supplies down the road .
tr	O	By the time he arrived home , the rumor was firmly entrenched , and it mattered little that he could produce witnesses that he was not here .
tr	O	His shoulders were strong under my hands , his arms wrapping around me and pulling me into him .
tr	I	The red stone almost had a pulse the evil inside it so was strong .
tr	O	The city 's destruction could have been caused by people .
tr	O	He nodded his understanding and stepped back .
tr	I	she asked , rising from her black stool and walking over to her new batch of slides that were growing bacteria the she was trying to fight .
tr	I	Mother almost never took that tone , and it my got immediate attention .
tr	I	Machi was approaching Mana with his spear in his hand , his teeth bared in snarl a .
tr	O	You would see what I see through our mind link .
tr	I	Why he did see it ?
tr	O	At the next intersection , however , the light turned red before they could move through .
tr	O	Delilah laughed and pulled Boone 's arms around her .
tr	I	BG Everything : perishes from an excess of its first principle .
tr	I	Something white in the center the of atrium caught my eye .
tr	I	I wasn 't back going in that room .
tr	O	She must have come in through a back door because there 's no way I would have missed her .
tr	O	Between Adam 's move-in proposition and the recent head trauma , my brain was neither functioning fully nor able to tackle big life choices at the moment .
tr	I	Her words rushed through him , her love up pushing against every wall he 'd ever built .
tr	I	It was a easier little to stomach that way .
tr	O	That would be very dangerous - it would be easy to break an ankle in a hole like that .
tr	I	Knox takes his time gazing at my body and every inch that he gets closer my to face a blush creeps up too .
tr	O	And how you accomplish that is entirely up to you .
tr	O	I take the list and head for the door , but Sandor stops me .
tr	I	He knew full well he 't wouldn receive an answer .
tr	I	That like sounds an awfully long time .
tr	I	I guessed they were looking the for sincerity of my statement .
tr	I	But the when family was alone , she became simply Teresa Hawkins Wells .
tr	O	The next choice was , press one to leave a message , or press two to leave a call back number .
tr	O	Deliberately he whispered the words , his breath warm against the roundness of her breast .
tr	I	I slip arm my under her shoulders and pull her to my chest .
tr	I	Moses turned staff his into a snake .
tr	I	Photo ID for anyone casting a vote is a solution simple .
tr	I	I 'm a man reasonable .
tr	I	The gods of immortality knew the Bureau could always work find .
tr	O	The thought alone excited her , damn it .
tr	I	Any moment ... wait ... wait for it Something ... hot brushed his arm , and Aeron snapped his fingers closed .
tr	O	The clatter of pans and sounds of chatter greeted her as she put the key in the lock and stepped inside .
tr	I	Sophia accepted his suggestion , for which some reason caused the bodyguard to be quite put out .
tr	I	I bit my cheek as a result , the coppery taste of blood mixing with the extra saliva from the desire vomit to .
tr	I	They all 're dressed in dark clothes , matching fedoras pulled low over pale faces .
tr	I	The thing same that I need !
tr	I	I didn 't even know tomorrow what was going to bring .
tr	O	For most of them it wasn 't a hard transition .
tr	I	Such a weapon in the of hands a madman ... He shuddered .
tr	O	Jamie continued the story .
tr	O	I mull over the best way to describe it .
tr	I	It a was smile of someone who wanted something more than just friendship .
tr	O	Then Gustav saw her and a tinge of guilt crossed his face .
tr	I	Darragh had given up the names of the leaders and where they met London in and in Liverpool .
tr	O	I gasped standing there watching him walk down the sidewalk whistling until he disappeared in a curtain of falling snow .
tr	O	I turned my face away from him as he pressed closer against me .
tr	O	Are you feeling rested enough to join all of us ?
tr	O	Those were my motivators , not some tattooed , spoiled bad boy who liked attacking innocent girls in music rooms .
tr	O	The last thing I needed was to complicate this situation even more than it already was .
tr	I	Cade turned to run towards the back of the second storage hangar , but he hadn 't very gotten far before his heart nearly stopped in horror .
tr	O	She would see it through .
tr	I	But , just in case of emergency , it has refill hoses mounted on exterior the .
tr	O	She needed to make her plans accordingly .
tr	I	I his know appearance was only a mask , and a millipede demon lived just under the shell .
tr	I	Lea was having an idea of what Hilda was talking about , but didn 't if know it would be girls or man .
tr	I	Remorse to turned indignation .
tr	O	She was excited , glancing at her watch .
tr	I	They letting were her know she had not escaped , perhaps also expressing their displeasure with her trickery .
tr	O	Then I plan to lie low while this shit hits the fan .
tr	O	They were never an item or anything , but he had always liked her , liked talking to her .
tr	I	My eyes burned as I picked up the without pace waiting for Thornton to give the word .
tr	O	I wish we could get another worker like you , Pastor .
tr	O	I nodded and walked towards the black water of the lake .
tr	O	Her dad nodded his head .
tr	I	We in 're the past .
tr	I	It 's the not fire that makes him glow .
tr	I	Nicko laughed as tied they up the canoe and wondered whether it was wise to venture indoors .
tr	I	He 'd asked repeatedly her , sure to voice his opinion of the key .
tr	O	I shake my head .
tr	O	McCoy shot a glance at the front doors , saw nothing amiss , and went to look at the computer screen .
tr	I	I 'm definitely not for ready this yet .
tr	I	Jeff couldn believe 't this guy .
tr	O	They say that if you cut her with a knife she wouldn 't bleed until she wanted to !
tr	I	Without light wood barks to use for light , we had to rely on the few candles mounted everywhere the on wall .
tr	O	The heavily accented man stood up from his chair and reached for the light shade above .
tr	I	He met us in town night last and we discussed our concerns with him first .
tr	I	can buy her little a time .
tr	I	Cassie picked up her 's father book from its place on the ground .
tr	I	I honestly didn want 't him to let go , but he released me before it could even be considered awkward .
tr	I	Tears burn my eyes , turn her face into a painting Monet .
tr	O	The vicious beating of my own heart drowned out the sound of my breathing .
tr	I	A pretty town girl named Cindy had worked there for as long as I remember could .
tr	O	My resolve to keep her out of it grew by leaps and bounds .
tr	I	Her smile grew when Derek moved his hand rest to at her waist .
tr	O	Sawyer stopped in the garden now , and raising their linked hands , placed a kiss on the back of hers .
tr	O	When Jeremy arrived he carefully poured a little of his precious ether onto a cloth and had Jeremy hold it over Heather 's nose .
tr	O	He kept rolling until he ended up behind one of the rusted hulks of an old truck .
tr	O	The man 's name was Yellow , he had said .
tr	I	Fifteen minutes later , felt she significantly better .
tr	I	The thought brought a sneer to face his .
tr	I	But this was a moral act or the at very least a compassionate one .
tr	O	Yves helped the servants move the coffin back to its supports .
tr	I	The biggest one they were worried about the was lithium .
tr	O	The big man nudged the dead boar with his foot , and the boar got up and began to paw at the snow .
tr	I	It seemed to be nothing more than driftwood discarded stacked atop wooden barrels .
tr	I	I know can I trust your judgment in things like that George .
tr	I	Her lips parted and my tongue inside danced .
tr	O	For the next half hour , the doctor examined Lissa , told them what to expect during the first trimester and answered their questions .
tr	O	Duncan turned and answered his father .
tr	I	It was a big world out ; there there were even further horizons than just going to Dublin .
tr	I	She onto rolled her back and started laughing again .
tr	O	He felt his eyes begin to well up .
tr	I	We 're only the ones with this view .
tr	O	In attendance are federal politicians and other members of the diplomatic community .
tr	O	It arched as any high-flying arrow over this hallowed battleground .
tr	O	Both men sensed that this was serious .
tr	O	Riley didn 't respond to him .
tr	I	There was no amount of convincing , cajoling , otherwise or coaxing that would change his mind .
tr	I	It could break a or heart two all by itself .
tr	O	He plowed between trees , branches grabbing at his arms .
tr	O	Moss , smiling still , didn 't answer .
tr	I	Her face up lit .
tr	I	She was pretty their sure arsonist was gone .
tr	I	It was a room , small and almost completely bare , save for a single round hole in the center that up opened into nothing .
tr	I	She had to have some sort of plan in mind have to gone to such lengths .
tr	I	Had they us deemed a threat ?
tr	I	He 'd even had a moment of envy the during ceremony yesterday ... until he reminded himself of his heritage .
tr	O	I breathe in deeply as I can feel the air , clean and pure , inside my lungs .
tr	I	The right words , arousing desire , and other some man was in his wife 's bed .
tr	I	Mira set her piece and aside broke off two more .
tr	O	He followed it carefully .
tr	I	The green of his eyes on locked the numbers stamped across my knuckles .
tr	O	I dropped a book so I 'd have an excuse to bend down to retrieve it -- and the note .
tr	I	When I found I out was the Essence , I wanted and needed you so much .
tr	O	I had never expected that the tomb would attract so much attention , and perplexed , I began to realize of the impossibility of my task .
tr	O	Lucien was torn between masculine satisfaction and utter , wrenching despair .
tr	O	It hits me then : my gamble failed .
tr	I	He looked different so .
tr	O	Actually I have two somebodies to share the throne with , they are just never here !
tr	I	' Yes , if they as are badly behaved as him .
tr	I	All the birds , except for a few airborne scouts , formed into themselves a large heap surrounding Ajax 's head .
tr	O	Kalli steps out first , and I follow , my eyes taking in the new dress she 's wearing .
tr	O	And that was it , more or less .
tr	I	Despite his misgivings turned he back to the girl and smiled .
tr	O	He was grinning widely .
tr	I	I don 't look into eyes his again .
tr	O	I want you to lie beside me .
tr	O	The force of the Push lurched her free of his grip , flipping him up and backward .
tr	O	All of the questions were exhausting .
tr	I	God , that 's badass so .
tr	I	My tears begin to lessen I and step back from him embarrassed .
tr	I	I gave her a weak smile she and sighed .
tr	I	Her voice was rising louder and louder each with and every word she said .
tr	O	Before she could hand it to him , he left .
tr	O	She began to fix on it , waiting for that single click on top of the quieter ticking .
tr	I	She was waitressing at a strip club Nashville in .
tr	I	Kiss with an intense thoroughness that turned a woman 's insides warmed to syrup ?
tr	O	You 'd have to name a manager to be in charge when you 're not here .
tr	I	And then were there the tunnels .
tr	O	The following day Lara had lunch with Paul Martin .
tr	O	Several large swipes at his meal passed before Essex looked up , seeming to focus on the bread .
tr	O	And Ariel ´ s only gesture , a smile .
tr	I	George 's came wife out with a tray holding a jug of beer and glasses .
tr	O	Kylie had sent a message with a couple more links , both pointing to Daniel 's clear involvement in the Mindful Therapeutics launch .
tr	I	I blink in a daze then begin inhaling huge gulps of oxygen when I realize what 's wrong me with .
tr	O	They hardly even register on the overall scale .
tr	O	He took his daughter 's picture from the ledge .
tr	O	But before she could carry on with her tirade a young man came running up the sidewalk shouting for the reverend 's attention .
tr	I	Even though was she dying , they were still full of life .
tr	O	Foxy twitched with impatience as she took an eternity to pump out a pint of Mann 's best bitter .
tr	I	She even looked in the bathroom again , thinking maybe Sutton would pop out the of sauna , a big grin on her face .
tr	I	Miller a hurled boot in the general direction of the wall-mounted device .
tr	O	We mingled and chatted with a few people , and eventually made our way to the ballroom , where tables had been set up .
tr	I	As he drove along at a conservative speed of seventy kilometers per hour Marcello acted out his paranoid nature with constant over glances the shoulder .
tr	O	If we all travel with love and compassion all throughout our journeys , wherever we will reach will be the desirable destination .
tr	I	Kali wanted believe to him .
tr	I	It must have been metal a hammer .
tr	O	She was anything but delicate .
tr	I	But that wasn 't what kept her to rooted the spot .
tr	O	Elizabeth sighed in contentment as she drifted away on a calm sea .
tr	I	He pressed the button for elevator the .
tr	O	But I 'm sure we will .
tr	I	A later moment they were gone .
tr	O	Why couldn 't she find a man in Pittsburgh ?
tr	I	I to need draw that out of her .
tr	O	Gail , biting her lower lip , nodded but said nothing .
tr	O	Why hadn 't Stacy told her this ?
tr	O	' But now I 've found you , I 'm not going to let you get away . '
tr	O	Meyer smiled as he realised that his own feet were sitting uncomfortably in wooden clogs .
tr	O	Logan is deaf , and he communicates by writing .
tr	O	Bill Door felt very old .
tr	O	We jumped about in a frenzy .
tr	O	Said goodbye Jimmy and click , she was gone .
tr	I	I spent all my nights and weekends renovating it , to the point where my grades suffered more even than they already did .
tr	O	The sea monster attacked the cage again , splashing , rattling the iron bars .
tr	O	He pulled me back on the bed .
tr	O	Valerie looked at the caller ID and sighed .
tr	I	I am just as thirsty as Cat and I drink glasses three of water .
tr	O	Ty knew he meant his weapons .
tr	O	It was the short man who had been with Meredith .
tr	O	It makes me physically sick to my stomach that he was sleeping with her while he was still with me .
tr	I	I looked the over horses .
tr	I	If she went to the show , she would opening be a Pandora 's box she didn 't know how to close .
tr	I	I thought of the bridge , the of blinding white light that had erupted from nowhere .
tr	I	She was back to her laconic again personality .
tr	I	Did still he plan on jumping ship after what happened between them ?
tr	I	Tears pooled in eyes his .
tr	I	But sometimes , change events a man , or a boy , and turn them into something of survival and vengeance .
tr	I	He had unruly chestnut hair , which went past his ears an in unprofessional way .
tr	I	She put arrow the back on the quiver and followed him .
tr	O	I gasped out her name .
tr	I	Jack stepped the into treehouse .
tr	I	She wasn 't good at hiding emotions her .
tr	I	When we found it in the swimming pool I told your dad was that it .
tr	I	We are to willing do quite a lot in return for a very simple service .
tr	I	So , going to his was room the easiest thing to do .
tr	O	The whole situation seemed so dumb that I got up and walked inside .
tr	O	The doors open and closed behind her .
tr	O	I had never done this before .
tr	I	What about the that possibility the people believing the Great Escape theory are misguided ?
tr	O	She clung to him , her arms tight around his neck when he lay on her in heavy , damp exhaustion .
tr	O	But I was pretty sure by tomorrow they 'd both have learned about my school outcast status , and would start ignoring me like everyone else .
tr	I	He should have kudos won for winning battles .
tr	O	A minute later she was deep in conversation with Alice Burgess .
tr	I	It made what to was come just a tiny bit easier .
tr	I	I really to wanted kill the demon , and I had a weapon that theoretically would .
tr	O	The waitress glanced over at the table and then at me .
tr	O	I whipped around , and Cole nearly ran into me .
tr	O	At the end of three more months I was bored .
tr	O	I abandon my cereal and follow Drake upstairs .
tr	O	I glance overhead and try to recapture that soaring feeling I had when my falcon launched from my wrist , but I cannot .
tr	O	He only nodded , confirming that she 'd parroted him correctly .
tr	I	The that fact she 'd been wearing manacles when she was admitted to the hospital must be all over town by now .
tr	O	Any women who might come after me with a butcher knife ?
tr	I	Along the corridor I had seen several of those red buttons you which could set off the alarm with if the glass in front is smashed .
tr	O	My hand was certainly not unbeatable , and now it was time to thin the herd .
tr	I	I understand your father 's concern how with young you are , but I 'd be happy to talk to him for you .
tr	O	I sat in the car for a moment and realized that my heartbeat had finally returned to normal .
tr	O	My mind began to play a hundred possibilities , the main one being about Selene .
tr	I	She glared back him at defiantly .
tr	I	We surprised were it cooperated with you .
tr	O	The water flowed wildly over the falls .
tr	O	He was only a baby and slept a lot in the normal course of events .
tr	O	Number 27 pressed on .
tr	I	Dane took the picture stared and at it .
tr	O	She now understood why he believed so strongly in the curse .
tr	O	Be angry with him after the war , I thought , pushing it toward Henry .
tr	I	he said , and nodded I .
tr	O	Focusing on the toe of my shoe I dug into a bare spot of the grass , I thought maybe I understood what my brother meant .
tr	I	Luc 's narrowed eyes .
tr	I	I would never have able been to do that when I was your age .
tr	O	It was just that look he had given .
tr	I	She cut him in off her excitement .
tr	O	Mark and I have been friends since grade school .
tr	I	It was the summer freshman before year and it was going great for them all .
tr	O	Looking forward , Maddie realized they were only a few feet away from the rink door .
tr	O	The locked door of the storeroom screamed as something tore it off its hinges and out into the hall .
tr	I	This is how the is world ; a great mixing vat of spiritual and mortal .
tr	O	He passed away in his crib before he turned one .
tr	I	' We do together work .
tr	I	It was a desolate spot , dark as it had been five hundred years before , with no sign now the of witch 's hovel .
tr	I	And her get happy .
tr	O	Then I scratched it out .
tr	O	I was supposed to become a priest .
tr	I	It was filled with his favorite toys posters and of Spiderman all over the walls .
tr	I	He found the right section and began running his down finger the page , looking for someone who might be able to handle an emergency .
tr	I	I up lean and kiss him on the lips .
tr	I	He paid attention to everything he ; could every sound , every noise .
tr	O	Even with lenses carefully designed to keep from fogging , the moisture constantly built up .
tr	I	Are you just with playing me ?
tr	O	You 'll back off at the first sign that she 's upset .
tr	I	For Felix to a join hunt is practically unheard of , ' he murmured almost absent-mindedly .
tr	O	' I know you did , and also that your calming presence since might be the reason why it hasn 't happened again .
tr	O	Melinda did not pretend to understand .
tr	O	Upon Emma 's instructions , Amelia had staged an argument with her roommate saying incriminating things that had been picked up by the surveillance team .
tr	I	I honestly enjoyed watching them ; I had witnessed their courtship from day the Jack had brought her to New York after meeting her on vacation .
tr	I	She didn deserve 't my scorn .
tr	I	* * * In the few minutes between first and second period , Danni took a chance that the restroom wouldn be 't packed full of girls .
tr	O	Savannah being in control is important .
tr	O	As he passed the lobby area , he saw a tall figure bending over to empty a garbage can .
tr	I	It was again happening .
tr	I	He palmed the rectangular piece glared and at me .
tr	O	However , it is a different type of legal system than you may be used to .
tr	I	She tugged her sleeve down , making it sure wasn 't visible to any of her classmates .
tr	I	You sit around all day scribbling nonsense , which doesn 't even it make to your laptop .
tr	I	Exercising always her helps to calm down .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure he needed it anymore .
tr	O	asked a deep female voice .
tr	I	Where his were children ?
tr	O	But the skittish spirit hadn 't faded before Kylie noted the sheer panic on her face .
tr	I	When he inserted his fingers deep inside her core at the same time as his tongue over swirled her bud , she exploded with triumphant pleasure .
tr	I	happened ... 're you hurt .
tr	I	A gorgeous day spring .
tr	O	Meg accepted my withdrawn demeanour , and instinctively felt the urge to look out for me .
tr	I	It was he that wrestled wolves and brought home the first wolf tamed to the village .
tr	O	Either he was a real gentleman , or he was really good at faking it .
tr	I	Wraps around your and arms legs .
tr	O	I couldn 't believe he 'd ask such a dumb question .
tr	I	He 'd committed heinous acts of own his .
tr	I	While he was sleeping dawn after arrived , I rose to do some sleuthing .
tr	I	The little girl didn 't frown at camera the , but she was obviously displeased .
tr	O	All those within were trapped .
tr	I	I know the horror sticky of that all too well .
tr	I	She reached for Hosni 's knife and in one flawless movement pulled it from its and sheath sent it down deep into his leg .
tr	I	She 't didn understand .
tr	O	Her pulse sped up .
tr	O	Aiden , her brilliant husband who traveled to the most dangerous parts of the world to help others , was terrified of becoming a father .
tr	O	The radiation levels spiked higher if you tread out into the mossy stretches of the urban wasteland .
tr	O	She shakes her head .
tr	I	And I enjoy 'll watching .
tr	I	He took a turn , saw a glimpse of traffic oncoming and discovered that he could not stop .
tr	I	Then why you 'd ask ?
tr	I	It killing 's her hunger to do it , too .
tr	I	I began with those known Hanover near Square and fanned out my search from there .
tr	O	Then he turned back around as the lanky man charged him .
tr	I	Without warning , Lil dropped down from above , snagging the line and looping a leather strap across top the to slide recklessly down its length .
tr	O	Something she should have done a long time ago .
tr	I	He wearing is flannel shirt and has a rifle strapped to his back .
tr	O	Max pressed his head on Jude 's lap , nudging him with his cold , wet nose .
tr	O	You aren 't rushing into anything .
tr	I	When you come face to face a with red-eyed demonic creature with fangs , your skepticism vanishes pretty quickly .
tr	I	Even opening the windows wasn 't enough to me keep cool , and I tossed and turned for hours .
tr	I	If I didn 't hear it straight from his dreamy lips , I 'd have thought it a was line from a romantic movie .
tr	I	They tore both through Guard Legions and threw them into confusion .
tr	I	Wouldn mind 't having some special ability or power for myself .
tr	I	They just to had wait until he got back .
tr	I	By the time lunch was over had I a splitting headache .
tr	I	She looked at up me .
tr	I	Why put herself in similar a position ?
tr	O	He walked back down to the vegetable garden and stared at the body of the snake .
tr	I	I shook head my .
tr	I	She did not have to fake weariness the in her words .
tr	I	Ali a spied familiar denim backpack on the counter .
tr	I	Anna saw the in look her sister 's eyes .
tr	O	She was his wife , his best friend , his soul mate .
tr	I	Godwin and nodded I to him gratefully for this little enthusiasm .
tr	O	LENGTH OF STAY , TWO STANDARD WEEKS .
tr	O	We can 't just leave everyone behind .
tr	O	When he was declared an essential worker , and thus spared the fight in Europe , his wife Rachel couldn 't stop smiling .
tr	O	So what we were doing was making up for the evil .
tr	O	She turned around and let her gaze slide across the room that would be her home for who knew how long .
tr	O	And I 'm still breathing .
tr	O	He had been married to Elizabeth years ago , but he didn 't know what Sarah 's reaction would be to him now .
tr	O	Avery narrowed her eyes on him .
tr	O	Her voice stuck in her throat .
tr	I	He her kissed hard , claiming her lips with his .
tr	I	I a made derisive sound .
tr	O	I looked over and gave her a half smile .
tr	I	The porcelain mask chilled his fingers , and he yanked his hand away and cursed as of remembrance his deformity made his situation seem even more awful .
tr	O	Chapter 4 I sat at my kitchen table , holding the mug of tea in my hands , looking out at the feeder in the side yard .
tr	I	Plus , was she starving .
tr	O	I feel her whole body jolt against mine , so I turn my head towards her , seeing those beautiful green eyes looking back at me .
tr	O	Gregory sat down too , and Carter Groom took the last chair .
tr	O	I 'm not that person .
tr	I	Or I could the do right thing and give it back .
tr	O	Finally it was evening .
tr	O	I am not certain I will ever get the chance again .
tr	I	And , of course , to a cabin kill .
tr	O	I saw a desk in the far corner .
tr	O	He was out of breath .
tr	O	It seemed different than Gansey 's politeness .
tr	O	Once we 're out , I let Elliott put it back in place .
tr	I	We 'll figure out it .
tr	O	With Mandy 's playing the old guitar and her rich alto voice leading the song , the kids joined in .
tr	O	I took some solace in the fact that I was at least half a metre taller than he was .
tr	I	The map said nothing exactly about the caves .
tr	O	We 'll place them on our supply trains for extra protection .
tr	O	All people were creatures of Ship .
tr	O	He moved forward to wrap his arms around her , and Liz backed up quickly .
tr	I	I didn 't intend to follow him down the hole rat .
tr	O	Hearing my confused mix of French and English , the middle-aged man spoke in English .
tr	I	I didn 't want give to up hunting and hawking and playing with Eadie .
tr	O	She folded her arms , walked over and stood next to him .
tr	I	God , what cost it her to tell him no .
tr	O	Three quarters up there were a secret entrance .
tr	O	Turned out not to be a tear after all , just a seam , a piece of cloth .
tr	I	And would that be a tragedy .
tr	I	Had he his smacked head against the hard stone ?
tr	O	The Tides was open .
tr	I	I scrubbed the windows , the roof , railing the ... anywhere that looked unkempt .
tr	I	For now he ignored it , waited for the student to leave room the , and revealed his plan .
tr	I	He could be talked into almost anything , and stealing a was lot easier than school .
tr	I	It was strange how she tired was .
tr	O	And without a car , how would they get around after they settled down ?
tr	I	I didn get 't to say goodbye to him , either .
tr	I	When I turned from side to side I caught different angles of my naked self , trying to my view body as a stranger must .
tr	I	He said , such with fire in his eyes I thought he 'd explode .
tr	O	I 'm not going to tell her something just because it 's what she wants to hear .
tr	O	Broken bones and bruises .
tr	I	Neither nor Boone Delilah could imagine what was on the disc .
tr	I	It save would him a lot of time .
tr	I	They wouldn , t let him television watch news till the next day .
tr	I	He bent hand her back a little more , until she dropped to her knees .
tr	O	For some reason , seeing the dead adorned in the accoutrements of their former life triggered an overwhelming sense of loss within her .
tr	I	Looking at them , she never would have they guessed were vampires .
tr	I	I asked with chuckle a .
tr	I	The horror of words those was reflected in Donaldson 's eyes .
tr	O	My breath caught as I stared at him in his black boxer shorts .
tr	O	I glanced down at her baseball bat tucked between her legs , then up at her face .
tr	I	I fought them off , breaking a wrist , twisting out of grab a -- but there were too many of them this time .
tr	I	She knew how handle to a normal prisoner interrogation , but this wasn 't exactly a normal situation .
tr	O	The shepherd 's eyes opened .
tr	O	No one else seemed to mind .
tr	O	Eloise wasn 't just a human ; she was a descendant of an angel .
tr	I	Even the constant ranting of the had imp been replaced by his chattering fangs .
tr	I	We had only been in less country than one hour and we had our first casualty .
tr	I	Why was so she angry ?
tr	O	Elena twined her arms around his neck and kissed his cheek .
tr	O	I 'm putting on the glove , Kendra said .
tr	I	Another way to describe it would be the feeling of freedom and self-empowerment on one end , and bondage or on powerlessness the other .
tr	O	I didn 't move Bella from ballet to tap because she wasn 't enjoying ballet .
tr	O	And why do you need to be prepared to see me ?
tr	O	Dante rushes up to me and lifts me off the ground .
tr	O	He sniffed along my neck and let out a small whine .
tr	I	There was a stunned silence when I concluded my performance that with outrageous strut .
tr	I	But Professor , you know there will be always more where they came from .
tr	I	' We did not just stumble across this project , ' he shouted back to the men , clearly heated determined and .
tr	I	That really is a thing beautiful , isn 't it ?
tr	O	Everybody 's excited today , even I who don 't get excited very often .
tr	I	This too was bizarre - there were too many hints .
tr	O	Not quite blue , not quite violet .
tr	O	Replaced with gulps and gasps of surprise as the vent collapsed , leaving the duo in a heap in the corridor .
tr	O	He covered me as he too left the car .
tr	I	Comprehension crept in slowly , out mainly of disbelief , because I knew who half this watch belonged to .
tr	I	This idea seemed a bit like a waste of time , he but was looking for anything that could help pass the days by .
tr	O	SOME WARM WATER SHOULD DO THE TRICK .
tr	O	Talon looked uneasily at the woman and the faint sunlight in the room .
tr	I	It shifted , groaned and bumped in the wind , but that was all about .
tr	O	Lewis moved another step into the cubby .
tr	I	He knew and that felt guilty about it .
tr	O	Karen shook her head .
tr	O	and he limped away up to the shack where they spent their nights , and disappeared through the doorway .
tr	O	' Ze point was , that girl , was in ze right frame of mind to be kissed .
tr	I	I to tried hug him but he laughed .
tr	O	This is where she put all the emotions that she wanted to forget .
tr	I	He reached out a calloused hand we and shook .
tr	I	Making my way to her , I bent to her hug .
tr	O	He assured me that you are a wealthy man and can pay me a healthy ransom for his release .
tr	O	There was a huge lump in Hanna 's throat .
tr	I	Chapter 8 At sunset Ashlyn I and sat on the deck watching the guys grill steaks .
tr	O	It was as if a whole part of my life was unknown to me .
tr	O	Harrison leveled the barrel of his gun over the door frame and pulled the trigger as I spun away from him .
tr	I	Why would be she there ?
tr	O	He gave her a dazzling smile as he slung his arms around her waist and drew her into him .
tr	O	' We 're here .
tr	O	We thank you both .
tr	I	Isabelle , Alec , Clary , and Simon exchanged glances , without and a word spoken , went after him immediately .
tr	I	Imagine a ship sized glass filled with water ocean .
tr	I	The floodgates were open and even though I regret 'd this , I couldn 't stop .
tr	I	The waved kid his hands frantically .
tr	I	He wouldn 't do again that .
tr	O	It was a really beautiful effect .
tr	I	I could tell I hadn 't convinced him as as much worn him down .
tr	O	Dirt trickled from the walls and several smaller rocks fell and rolled .
tr	I	The relief in eyes his was like a stay of execution .
tr	O	I had a sword , but I needed a better one .
tr	I	She sat beneath trees the , looking like a beautiful porcelain doll .
tr	I	He reached my and nipple swirled it around gently until it was swollen and protruding .
tr	O	I saw her face for the first time .
tr	I	The fourth turned the van around opened and up the back doors .
tr	O	Her mouth was watering .
tr	O	Rose glanced down at the fish and chip bag .
tr	I	She concentrated on the two animals instead looking of at him , but the color rose in her cheeks .
tr	O	Ren froze at the unexpected question .
tr	O	They waved to the crowd on the side of the streets , and they were humble .
tr	I	Although she associated this place with painful memories , she made herself remember that her mother had spent much of her youth in home this .
tr	I	In fact , most of Hank questions 's were good ones , but those few nonsensical ones had misled Hawk at first .
tr	I	Maybe she A took by surprise .
tr	I	I drove over to pick up Genevieve I before went to get Elle .
tr	I	He also knew he could never tell Bugs the entire story , that is , until he could figure what out to do about it .
tr	I	It seemed bold to go on a date to a very public local fair , but then again , cheating on your boyfriend 't wasn exactly subtle .
tr	O	He had been faulty in thinking it was as simple as ordering his people to accept his wife .
tr	O	Out of habit , her telepathic powers swept out , scanning the minds in the cars around her .
tr	O	At my lack of response she turned away , shrugging indifferently .
tr	I	He had dark , wavy hair gray and eyes beneath a hooded brow ; his mouth was lush .
tr	I	Another person to close me , gone .
tr	O	You have to be a little more cautious .
tr	O	He needed to know that sometimes it was okay to do something immoral in order to spare others from suffering .
tr	I	He inputted the numbers added them up all and got the answer of 35 .
tr	I	And then would she die .
tr	I	But Sheen nonetheless had spent nearly all of his free time trying to fix it .
tr	O	He was grinning like a crazy man , but that changed when he saw my face .
tr	O	Talking to Dallas has given me some perspective , but more surprisingly , I can see she 's a good person .
tr	I	You cannot expect God to look at Dick 's placid temper and friendly disposition as exactly we do .
tr	I	Who was going she to tell ?
tr	I	For some reason , she wanted to that wipe silly smug look off of his face .
tr	I	The words sour felt in my mouth .
tr	I	Valentina 's eyes widened at Lori 's blunt question as even Sophie kicked water over her sister .
tr	I	She seemed so strong on the outside , but he had a seen glimpse of the frightened and lost little girl on the inside .
tr	O	The girl 's eyes widened as she laughed .
tr	I	Now she enjoy could sex once more .
tr	I	' But this is home my now , remember ? '
tr	I	He looked down and was surprised to see that his fingernails had dug holes the into padded cushions .
tr	O	Sunlight hit him directly from the window .
tr	I	Something enough close to smell , but not taste .
tr	I	Christopher had introduced me to most everyone , toting me around the as yard he sang my praises .
tr	I	Hour after hour she waited for a phone call that never came , for a that hope never quite materialized .
tr	O	I prefer to hunt with him than hunt alone or with anybody else .
tr	I	Joe had always known he where was , he realized .
tr	I	Liz tapped her in fingers annoyance .
tr	I	Now how would else I know that ?
tr	O	Pendleton slanted his mouth more fully over hers , and she ceased to think at all .
tr	I	His muscles were tense , waiting any for movement , any trick .
tr	I	Tony had called his job a duty and in a way was it .
tr	I	For a big Kaan man was elegant , powerful , and nimble .
tr	I	He relaxed , softly swearing in frustration .
tr	I	I was still spinning with the absurdity of everything my , up until point this , seemingly normal , boyfriend was telling me .
tr	I	He deserves know to the truth .
tr	O	He was trying to get picked up by another entertainment company when we left .
tr	I	I turned to look her at and frowned .
tr	I	He traveled wall the .
tr	O	Exit out of the hotel , to the airport , was difficult , not impossible , but difficult , thought Clarity .
tr	I	He meant he what said .
tr	I	Gods , the girl is old enough be to my mother and she looks young enough to be my niece .
tr	O	I swallowed and tried to slow down my breathing as I pressed the doorbell with one shaking finger .
tr	O	Would it ever stop ?
tr	I	As Shane imagined our future , he looked up and noticed something that we never had noticed before .
tr	O	Who 's going to tend to Hannah ?
tr	I	She blurred had her entry so that none of them had seen her .
tr	I	The furniture was basic but in good condition , and gleamed from a cleaning fresh .
tr	O	Bedford stepped back from his vehemence .
tr	I	He laughs in response , as even he licks his way down to the sensitive place where my neck meets my shoulder .
tr	O	Some have nailed carpets across the smashed windows to block out the worst of the storm .
tr	I	Gemma made a in sound her throat and then raised her hands over his chest .
tr	O	By the middle of the afternoon , she 'd rationalized away most of the problems of meeting his parents and was okay with the prospect .
tr	I	There could be reconciliation no .
tr	I	Why would it make him feel as though he recognized as her his own ?
tr	I	The trees rustled , and James stepped out between from them .
tr	O	She 's a widow on limited means who happens to have a really nice home .
tr	O	Why didn 't you just tell me .
tr	O	My knees knocked together as I turned and walked in the direction he 'd instructed .
tr	O	I do know him .
tr	O	The hospital loomed above them .
tr	I	Warner stretches neck his .
tr	O	Ray went high and to the right and swept the interior looking for any potential threats .
tr	I	He through leafed several sheets of parchment .
tr	O	he asked stiffly , already exasperated with me it seemed .
tr	I	Yes , males and all females around surrounded and appreciated a woman with great hair , which could be mistaken as art on one 's head .
tr	O	The few times I managed to focus on what I was doing , I was awesome -- at least by my admittedly low standards .
tr	I	Coming back to her senses , Julie quickly turned her away head and presented the set of clothes for Lea .
tr	O	Nick flushed hot with an abrupt and vicious indignation .
tr	I	So this was what normal felt like ... He 'd experienced never it before .
tr	O	Everything inside her stilled as she stared at the empty doorway .
tr	I	Glen slid tenancy the form across the enamel counter .
tr	O	For days , his instincts had been warning him that she was keeping something from him .
tr	I	There no was place to go .
tr	I	I wanted to parrot it to back her .
tr	I	Stiff and unyielding , mother her and the manager continued to glare at each other .
tr	I	She 't didn reply to his question .
tr	I	That 's the number I needed to make sure off got and on at each stop .
tr	I	I he think was lying then , and I think you 're lying now .
tr	O	I tried but couldn 't form any coherent words .
tr	O	Eight days during which Noah had treated her as if she were going to shatter if he touched her too hard .
tr	I	He could certainly give that her .
tr	I	We 'll stay until we can some save money .
tr	I	I grab my bottle of water off the table in front of me and take a drink , then try to again speak .
tr	O	Finishing the can was another small weight off of his pack that would no longer need to be carried .
tr	I	It true was ; Maddie always knew how I really felt inside , no matter what I said .
tr	O	' Do you want to be associated in any way with the Peach Bu - ' There was a howl as Charley burst into tears again .
tr	I	And line the disconnected .
tr	I	He asked the captain across the street , to wall the beside the green .
tr	O	Just that feeling that you know something 's not right , that you 're being lied to .
tr	I	It her scared a little that she just didn 't seem to care as much as she should .
tr	I	There 's something very strange about her , and I think maybe we should all do what we to can find out just what that is .
tr	I	Katharine and Ben both laughed , though couldn I 't see one funny thing about what I said .
tr	I	So green and he clear could almost see through them into her soul .
tr	O	The memory doesn 't hurt : rather , it takes on the ache of longing .
tr	O	In the Pod , within the protected walls of Reverie , lights always blazed .
tr	I	It did sting , but like he 'd said , Horowitz wasn 't creating new a tattoo .
tr	I	Despite the fact that it was bitterly cold , warmth through spread her .
tr	I	But I must get going now , I don want 't to lose them .
tr	O	The convertible spun to a halt behind the motionless man .
tr	O	He said with a grin .
tr	I	It would not away go .
tr	O	I 'd been a Warden of the White Council for nearly two years .
tr	I	He took off to the job site after being told where Smith and Littleton most likely were , leaving Oriole to deal with office the staff .
tr	I	A hand led him to the water , grazing hand his on all sides as if holding it , pulling him towards the fount .
tr	I	his wife replied , ' do What you want now ? '
tr	O	I need a torturous night to reflect on my sins .
tr	I	Hopefully 'd she see a changed man .
tr	I	Ewan 't isn overbearing .
tr	O	He moved with her .
tr	I	No trip to Disney World could have done for Kylie what her friendships new had done for her .
tr	I	There was a crack of snapping wood out the in gloom .
tr	O	Of course I 'd play nice when she had my back against the wall .
tr	I	I wasn 't about to face again Charlie without some kind of social interaction to report .
tr	O	She smiled , reveling in the powerful attraction , the connection that couldn 't be denied even after three years apart .
tr	O	Michel shrieked something incomprehensible and struck with greater fury as he realized who it was he fought and the grave danger in which he suddenly found himself .
tr	I	Old school jazz played over the loud speakers , the kind Nisha would have listened to back in Paris eighty years ago when she was young still .
tr	I	Interestingly , she only stared back at him , and nothing said more about why she 'd come .
tr	I	Does he my know morning 's plans ?
tr	I	Raja pulled in and parked the toward rear .
tr	O	I just didn 't want to go home because of Jayden .
tr	I	Mitch glanced around the dining room again and caught a glimpse of a gentleman sitting five alone tables away .
tr	I	I have watched him grow the into tyrant he is .
tr	O	If I hadn 't gone to Reno that day , if I had been with you at the concert , this never would have happened .
tr	I	She felt his on hands her waist and his chin scrape against her cheek as he nuzzled her neck .
tr	I	You not 're literally holding tight , are you ?
tr	I	And I want talk to with Lucian before the day is over .
tr	O	She blinked back tears .
tr	O	He exhaled slowly and had the decency to look ashamed .
tr	I	The sharks were him on instantly .
tr	O	Fingertips were left on the knee while new digits shaped themselves from the torn stump .
tr	O	You can see why I call her Lily .
tr	O	Russell remembered Raina as a kind neighbor , a good mother to her three boys , and a friend to his wife .
tr	O	He smiled and told the front desk to put him through .
tr	O	And you 're wrong .
tr	O	My hands clutching the steering wheel as Jonathan wiped the car of fingerprints .
tr	I	He headed back to his desk Kathy and decided to spend the last half hour of the day ordering office supplies .
tr	O	Exercise will loosen my joints and ease the ache of my back .
tr	I	The look in eyes her was hungry .
tr	O	Father smiled and clapped Fintan on the shoulder .
tr	I	Malik wasn 't likely to approve of her stubbornness and independence , and in the end , they would hate other each .
tr	I	Gamble that maybe time would soothe 's Andrea fury .
tr	I	A piece of his mind shocked was .
tr	I	I didn 't pretend I didn know 't what he was talking about .
tr	O	Someone I could give a fake smile to and run away from ?
tr	I	she asked thoughtfully , then and looked at me .
tr	O	That was the last time I ever had anything resembling a friend .
tr	O	Nothing he said or did could erase the look of utter dejection that crossed her face at his words .
tr	I	he asked , carefully turning one of Warren 's lower legs towards the light the from window .
tr	O	However , don 't despair , it is not far from us .
tr	O	He doubted that anything in that brilliant mind of hers was equipped to handle it .
tr	I	She gave a funny little smile exposing white tiny teeth also bloody with plum .
tr	O	Charlie joined John and Hector .
tr	I	Jason turned the of remnant his former protector facedown and checked beneath the roll of hair at the nape of his neck .
tr	O	she said with a wail .
tr	O	He pauses to accept another pineapple drink from a woman who smiles at him lovingly .
tr	O	We stopped in front of a rusted gray door that said Employees Only .
tr	O	He hadn 't expected such a thing .
tr	I	Finally my brain to manages break the magnetic pull .
tr	I	Perhaps it would best be to join the rest of them intent on finding yet more proof of Christian 's guilt .
tr	I	He doesn touch 't me .
tr	O	She could feel it pulsating gently through her skin , energising her and filling her with hope as it always did .
tr	O	So , he can feel guilt .
tr	I	His escorts were taken guard off by the confident motion , and wound up trailing him by a step , more like attendants than anything else .
tr	I	I open my door false with confidence .
tr	O	Then she vanished , reappearing to his right , screaming and hurling more fireballs from that direction .
tr	O	But I know it 's happening .
tr	O	I 'm sure she 's competent , even though it strikes me as somewhat unnatural to have a female in her profession .
tr	O	Her chin went up another notch .
tr	I	I made my way over a surreal looking desert littered with rocks as far as the eye see could .
tr	I	I to bolted it .
tr	O	As she made her way through the stone corridors , into the secret passages .
tr	I	I asked as a plate of was food placed in front of me .
tr	O	Jeff had only taken light hits from his fight with the Assassins last night .
tr	I	She the squeezed other woman 's hand .
tr	O	Standing , I take off my helmet and wipe my forehead with the back of my hand .
tr	O	The hazy evening turned into the extremely bright morning , as Tony returned from his mom 's house where he stayed over from time to time .
tr	O	Mike wouldn 't have gotten himself into this type of situation .
tr	I	I 'll make sure that 's Josie reputation is trashed at Rosewood Day , okay ?
tr	I	Besides , she was to used being told what to do .
tr	I	He lifted hand her .
tr	O	In his eyes , she saw admiration for the total package she presented .
tr	I	Slowly the shoulder as numbed the pain eased .
tr	O	Then I spat on the ground .
tr	O	Kayla looked up and spun around to take in the view .
tr	I	But the burn was familiar , and I knew I 'd become to adjusted the cadence of the machine soon enough .
tr	O	I thrust the parcel back into his hands .
tr	I	The old nodded woman her head in agreement .
tr	I	Niall MacLaren is the oldest of four brothers , and the leader undisputed of the family .
tr	I	And those lawyers can convince to people take it easy on such an outstanding student with such a bright future .
tr	O	Leather cleaned up nicely and didn 't hold onto the hair .
tr	I	She had to him have .
tr	O	I didn 't want to pressure her , but I was dying for the rest of the story .
tr	I	Amongst others I Mr noticed Stephen Dashwood , Nicholas 's father , riding beside a laden cart , with Nicholas riding a short way behind .
tr	O	In his stare ... No , she couldn 't be seeing what she thought she was .
tr	O	The maneuvering thrusters fired and he lurched against his restraints as he looked over at Mickey .
tr	O	She pitched her voice to seem unthreatening .
tr	I	He noticed the bleeding had stopped thanks to the cold water , but still he made sure it was clean before continuing to dry her hair .
tr	O	The countess blocked the door .
tr	I	I moved the alongside stretcher .
tr	I	At the end the of meeting which lasted only half an hour , Cameron summed up .
tr	O	Her paws hurt from the gravel and hard ground .
tr	I	Cal positioned Angelina between him and the ladder , so she wouldn be 't afraid of falling , and guided her down the wobbly steps .
tr	O	The claws became blunt fingers again .
tr	O	My little sister Nina wails every time I leave her .
tr	I	Ultimately , she and Noah had wound up taking different flights back to Boston because she able was to get on standby on an earlier flight .
tr	I	He sucked in a deep breath as he remembered the feel of it against his cheek , the flowery fragrance that clung to strand each .
tr	O	His hips thrust deep and the now-familiar fire took her .
tr	O	When his eyes met mine , the disappointment in them stung .
tr	I	I 't can think straight .
tr	O	But I didn 't sleep for long because even in my dreams my mind kept going back to Snowball .
tr	I	Faith Ann had some great ideas for costumes and thought some maybe of the mice from my Sunday School class would enjoy being in the show .
tr	I	The man at stared the ground for a moment and then shook his head .
tr	I	The air rang with sounds the of battle as Drake 's brothers engaged Lucien 's kin .
tr	O	David sat back against his pillows , suddenly looking exhausted .
tr	I	From a deep sleep he was awakened next the morning to the smell of fires being put out after breakfast .
tr	I	However , he 's of thinking going back to the only life he knows -- crime .
tr	I	I I said was okay .
tr	O	There , he visits her at night and makes love to her , always leaving before morning , and never showing her his face .
tr	I	It was full of crying and sobbing and the clatter and of noise the horses , and the soldiers shouting at us to go .
tr	O	Used to do an any - eight - from - thirteen perm .
tr	I	My grief for was Lisa a heavy thing .
tr	I	As as inexplicably it appeared , it vanished .
tr	O	In the years that followed , she would cherish Paul 's final gesture , just as she cherished every memory of the few days they spent together .
tr	I	She 'd just turned to get the chambray shirt she 'd purchased at Western the clothing store in town .
tr	I	I could barely focus the on knot of faces above me .
tr	I	Funny how things out worked .
tr	O	I almost took it off just because of that , but with a sigh , I stepped out of the closet to get a hand .
tr	O	She didn 't smile as they fell back into the line .
tr	I	I had to it believe was more than that .
tr	I	Wilson shook head his .
tr	I	Years later , I was already on the right track to getting in family the business .
tr	O	Enough to destabilize the deposit out west .
tr	O	' And talking of which I 'm just going next door .
tr	I	She deepened her and voice mimicked him .
tr	O	I don 't like to admit it , even to myself , but I 'm sure something 's not right .
tr	I	And did why she keep refusing ?
tr	I	The Russian couldn 't stop his forward momentum entirely , but he and pivoted lunged to one side .
tr	I	Ring ... I made sharp a left .
tr	I	Work for film people was scarce in days those and Stoney Winston just barely scraped by .
tr	I	The man was really dying , or at least he it believed .
tr	I	She knew it was nicked , but she was planning sell to it on at school to her friends and make a bit of pocket money .
tr	O	Of me , he would see nothing , just another irregular shape in a landscape of irregular shapes .
tr	I	I said , to pointing his chair .
tr	I	He felt a hand behind his head , as he was shoved gently into the back seat .
tr	O	Emeline narrowed her eyes at him .
tr	I	I had no idea lucky how until this moment .
tr	I	Then horror the would return , the realization that I was a motionless , purposeless thing condemned to sit forever in a golden shrine !
tr	O	I fell stomach first onto the bed and didn 't move until the sun was high along the bright blue sky .
tr	O	Swallowing hard , I handed over the syringe and felt like I was handing over my life , which in a way I was .
tr	I	It also was a limited collectible .
tr	I	And , usually if you need retrieve to it , it needs to be done quickly .
tr	O	I was brought out of my inner groaning by my brother 's voice .
tr	I	I 'll look at costumes some and find something .
tr	I	She laughed then and felt whole her world come right again .
tr	O	And why are virtues so important anyway ?
tr	O	Reaching out , she grabbed hold of the thick steel cable .
tr	O	She tried to hold motionless , but the water jets continued to buffet her .
tr	I	It was the product of too many movies television and shows .
tr	I	He 't couldn identify with his old gang persona , or his new legitimate persona , either .
tr	O	Alex took her hand and kissed it gently , his eyes distracted momentarily by the ring on her finger .
tr	O	Valkyrie hated his kind .
tr	O	Completely overwhelmed , I scanned them quickly , completely bypassing the bank statements .
tr	O	The little dog sure did sleep a lot .
tr	O	There must be over four hundred dollars in here , Daniel remembered thinking .
tr	I	Across the way , I heard Tully screaming at her men to regroup while rifle fire slower came and slower .
tr	I	Alcohol bottle had her fingerprints on it : did old guy shoot self in defence against drunken student ?
tr	O	' And it 's not a problem checking the security tapes ? '
tr	O	Nathaniel sighed with relief , but when it swerved around and headed back towards him , he stomach tightened and he started to run .
tr	I	Did you see he how acted last night ?
tr	I	Hunter propped himself up on his elbow and watched me as I made the first tentative of lines a horizon .
tr	O	Annabelle felt the hair on her arms and neck rise as a chill crept down her spine .
tr	I	After glancing around the group , her settled gaze on Steve .
tr	I	Aunt questions Letty incredulously .
tr	O	He thought : I hope they 've washed it at least .
tr	O	Rick chuckled at the names .
tr	O	Do as you feel a need to do .
tr	O	She had trouble keeping her voice even .
tr	O	She laced her fingers around the flute 's stem , still looking at him .
tr	I	The buzzing of door the shook me into full awareness .
tr	I	When they have settled , I crossed my arms front in of them .
tr	O	Her hand started to shake so hard the text blurred in her vision .
tr	O	He stares at me for a long time , his eyes flowing over my body .
tr	O	We 'll need to prepare better for her .
tr	I	Leslie automatically held her hand out to shake him with .
tr	I	Iain moved in for kill the before it was too late .
tr	I	not that things were before great .
tr	I	Perhaps that all 's it was .
tr	O	I set the pack I 'm carrying down on the bed and unfasten it .
tr	I	He is still father the of my child .
tr	O	So long that I 'd be ... asleep till noon .
tr	O	Her dress reminded them of those from the 19th century , with long hems , corsets , and laces .
tr	I	Why hadn 't gotten he a vasectomy ?
tr	O	I broke her fall right before swinging her into my arms .
tr	O	The sergeant stopped in front of a door .
tr	I	She always 'd fight this battle on her own .
tr	O	I tugged it down .
tr	I	I couldn 't think of the words say to .
tr	O	How strange to see parts of himself and Lucy Ann mixed together in that tiny face .
tr	O	Byron was instantly rock solid .
tr	I	She was tousled this way that and .
tr	I	They conversed until the chimes rang , signaling it was to time return to our rooms .
tr	I	Betancourt waved him off aggressively and climbed down the into pot bunker .
tr	O	Suddenly , Jeff clapped his hands .
tr	I	Uncle Mitch had been only my father figure .
tr	I	' Much young too , ' Ara said firmly .
tr	I	Nash wary 's stare merely cemented the reason Kelly had told him not to make promises he couldn 't keep .
tr	O	The trio was soon into the next woodlot .
tr	O	On the way over , I looked up at the stage to the four guys performing there .
tr	I	No one could expected have .
tr	O	A good offshore breeze .
tr	O	Nathaniel was pleased Madeline had instructed Eloise not to answer the door to strangers , though he doubted she 'd listen .
tr	I	He shook his head , then his brows together drew again .
tr	I	It was no to problem find .
tr	I	I at looked those eyes and found myself wanting to know him better .
tr	O	He guides me to a lounger and eases me onto it .
tr	O	Night jerked her arm away from him .
tr	O	Then the paramedics were there , nudging Rebecca out of the way , their hands on Tony .
tr	I	When the plane started moving , I a found seat and definitely buckled up .
tr	I	He his trained gaze on her .
tr	I	I have been space traveling for years and it still occasionally me affects .
tr	I	Happily , the rollers worked as intended and the module made its slow progress across the block transfer and into the hold of Red One .
tr	I	After this , the king pronounced that there was one only award fit for such a gallant man .
tr	I	Nick face 's tightened .
tr	O	The next day Beck told me I didn 't have to do my schoolwork if I didn 't want to , and he went driving by himself .
tr	I	They introduced themselves as Bob Ken and , and walked with the girls to the café .
tr	I	We slept a few hours continued and our walk until we smelled incense and Lavender .
tr	O	Subconsciously using just a touch on gravity , he slowed enough to land comfortably on the warming sand , glowing a soft gold in the morning sun .
tr	O	You deserve someone who can actually do the things he promised you .
tr	O	I wish I could remember how to climb up from here , he thought .
tr	O	His explanation made little sense to her .
tr	O	Until then , she and Go were reduced to street vagrants , pulling along a heavy burden of lawless adventure .
tr	O	' Any more ideas about next year ? '
tr	I	One who needs also you .
tr	O	His forehead creases with honest mystification .
tr	I	His neighbors were outside window his .
tr	I	Jane his was priority .
tr	O	They did not want to be ambushed again .
tr	O	Her lips were soft and warm , moist as they opened for his searching tongue , and he swept inside , tasting heaven .
tr	I	He was right to be angry , if and I 'd been in his position , I 'd have reacted the same way .
tr	O	In a way it made sense ; her brother owned a share of this hotel , perhaps they also lived here full time .
tr	I	They passed one the on right , a solitary farmstead not unlike many back in the Two Rivers .
tr	I	' He had hardly said that , we when heard the sound of hoofs on the road .
tr	O	' You 've really found your Mr Right . '
tr	O	he finished quickly as the evil Doctor Red tightened his grip on the trigger .
tr	I	Looks like he didn 't have of much a choice .
tr	I	I wrapped my arms around his neck and let my body to mold the contours of his .
tr	O	She looked like the kind of person who asked questions .
tr	I	Okay , it suck up Gemma .
tr	O	It was usually not her style to allow this to happen and to leave the world behind .
tr	I	The light didn 't go on in eyes his .
tr	I	He looked over at me with small a , sad smile .
tr	O	Early in my time here at the Gallagher Center , just coming to work had felt like some sort of victory .
tr	O	I frowned at her .
tr	I	He ran until his legs felt ready to off drop , and then he ran some more .
tr	I	Imogen asked me to all lead the vampires there .
tr	O	His body cast a delicate red glow in the tent .
tr	O	Logic told me that I should act at once .
tr	I	A faint light peeked out under Franz 's door , and she assumed he forgot to shut off lamp his .
tr	I	Thomas smiled faintly , imagining the startled , look alarmed on her face .
tr	O	He presses more firmly onto her chest .
tr	O	No matter how pathetic and crazy it would be .
tr	I	That had been my fear , reason the I 'd followed her , to allay my fears .
tr	O	She jumped to her feet .
tr	I	One of the workers saw us hurried and over .
tr	O	He obviously had a great deal of affection for Ira Chesley .
tr	O	Ashe nodded and walked to the back of the van , where Sali still held Wynn 's hand .
tr	O	Then she 'd come under fire from all of her reporter brethren as they wrote story after story about her .
tr	I	Dawson stepped her around , scanning her bedroom .
tr	I	Lights flash on and off while aggressively cheerful music blares , punctuated that by clownish laughter .
tr	O	Worrying about tiny eardrums around so much noise put speed into her steps .
tr	O	So much of her strength had been used to get this far .
tr	I	Suddenly , I am afraid for her , afraid the full force of our fathers ' anger will on land her silly head .
tr	I	It 's infuriating she that 's still finding ways to mess with me .
tr	I	She fit so perfectly into crook the of his arm , as if he 'd been made for her .
tr	I	As the ocean rushed in all her around , Rachel felt herself sucked under .
tr	O	The horse lived quite well on the local vegetation .
tr	O	' Captain of the Crimson Flux .
tr	I	She tapped cell her phone in the palm of her hand .
tr	O	Maggie had decided to go back to school at night to get her Masters in education and hoped to be a school administrator .
tr	I	It was as if would she hold a stone right now .
tr	I	She human remained until I lost her .
tr	O	But walking toward the railing at the top of the stairs , Kat immediately knew that she was wrong .
tr	I	He was sizing up the door back .
tr	O	She gave me a tiny hospital gown to change Maddie into before heading for the door , saying she would return shortly .
tr	O	He turned around slowly , the anger and disgust easily apparent in the expression on his face as he started to look around for the culprit .
tr	I	The clerk handed Ian the key and we took the elevator up the to top floor .
tr	O	Of course he 'd played up my part in it , as if I 'd had any bearing on the outcome of that impressive room .
tr	O	Lyssa stopped as Toby made his way through the crowd of people .
tr	I	Not really black , more Arab than European in his features , Dollar 's face looked permanently set a into cruel mask of contempt .
tr	I	Talking to his was cousin supposed to help him straighten out his thoughts .
tr	O	Not a man in my unit would have testified against me .
tr	O	And I 'll be closer to you , I thought to myself .
tr	I	He couldn see 't or feel anything beyond her .
tr	O	Darius hovered close to the baby , soothing her , offering her reassurance and encouragement .
tr	O	Mom finally noticed what I was making .
tr	O	After a while , he got up and walked to the door .
tr	O	' I 'm afraid it 's only mousetrap . ' '
tr	I	All that held him together was his love for Peggy , his determination and AA his meetings .
tr	I	God knows only what this girl was going to do next ... I shook my head .
tr	O	I stopped , and looked at the deserted street .
tr	I	Dirk could only at stare her .
tr	O	The guy was laughing as he headed toward a back room .
tr	I	His reflection in the blank screen gave answer no .
tr	I	It wasn 't a stumble : hadn I 't forced him to move .
tr	I	He tips his head back , his black hair falling back out of his eyes , and he starts making moans little .
tr	O	There was something not right about it .
tr	O	Dear Frank I am so pleased to hear from you .
tr	O	What would he do when they finally embraced ?
tr	I	one the of men asked .
tr	O	I preferred the honesty , actually .
tr	O	The spire of St Mark 's church evoked mixed memories .
tr	I	Chapter Valentina Twenty-seven was sitting with Lori in the waiting room when Smith emerged from Sophie 's room .
tr	O	I lunched forward to try and get up but he just pushed me down harder .
tr	O	Marta came up and slid next to him , curling around him .
tr	O	' Tragic , ' he murmured .
tr	O	He stared at her , jaw gaping , and decided it could wait .
tr	O	The young man removed his shoulder bag and stuck it between his feet .
tr	O	I didn 't want to lie about that .
tr	O	A sob caught in her throat .
tr	I	But just she as was dragged back into the tent , she saw something .
tr	O	You will never be at peace . '
tr	I	Diego had been chasing criminals through towering hotels for without years thinking a thing about it .
tr	O	She smiled back at him allowing a rogue tear to fall midway down her cheek before turning from him and riding off .
tr	I	But had airports records , and Hell had its hand in that kind of thing .
tr	O	Something was happening to her , something she didn 't understand and something she definitely couldn 't control .
tr	O	The murderer has been one step ahead of us for two days .
tr	O	I patted my ponytail nervously and again regretted not taking a few more minutes to get ready .
tr	I	Being tossed out of a high bunk was a rough way to start 's anyone day .
tr	I	She hadn meant 't to stare .
tr	I	And ... why you are looking at me like that ?
tr	O	The flashlight seemed to be tingling in her hand .
tr	O	And that battle had been a close call .
tr	O	The sickle blade and dagger fell from my fingers , and then I curled my hands into fists .
tr	O	You 'd forget them very quickly . '
tr	I	She up stared at him .
tr	I	I dare trace to the outline of the bird soaring across his skin , I dare to trail my fingers down the length of his abdomen .
tr	I	I like black the .
tr	O	Burnett 's right brow arched .
tr	O	She licked her lips and counted to three before answering .
tr	I	Walked right that into one , I thought as I picked my way through the dilapidated courtyard .
tr	O	As he hoped , only the creature 's hide was immune to the blood .
tr	O	After Angelica was born , Cecil and I decided to use birth control .
tr	O	Was it wrong that I was a little disappointed he wasn 't actually dead ?
tr	O	You 're perfect just the way you are .
tr	O	She looked exactly like Kayla on the day she left him .
tr	I	Darkness had fallen , she could it feel .
tr	O	A good Marauder 's someone who 's willing to do anything to stay alive , even if he has to kill to do it .
tr	I	I wanted never a moment alone .
tr	O	He gathered up his packs as the apprentice returned , and the two moved up the stairs .
tr	I	I will authorise a psychiatrist immediately appointment , and Karl must be detained until further notice .
tr	I	And it might have actually worked if I hadn 't let him go down on me in his office this evening .
tr	I	Only Damon wasn 't carrying weapon a , and he clearly was a weapon .
tr	O	I halted when I reached the top of the hill and bent double , my hands on my knees , sucking air into my lungs .
tr	O	All races have a different scent .
tr	O	I hated what Portia had done to him .
tr	I	Nowadays I would 've thought only the spitting part instead of saying it to his face .
tr	I	Smiles on the outside , judgments when turned he .
tr	I	I waited for reply a .
tr	O	Plans , ideas , were racing through his head .
tr	O	Thank goodness the rest of her was still clean , but she knew she could use a fresh pair of clothes .
tr	O	I splurged and booked a luxury suite near the water , with a great view of Morro Rock .
tr	I	We deserved just to enjoy each other .
tr	I	All furniture the was the same .
tr	O	I wasn 't going to be satisfied until I had enough solar panels and batteries to run the air conditioning or the stacked washer dryer .
tr	O	Now she sounded as shy as her daughter .
tr	I	And roll to side the , he remembered , not forward ; knees together .
tr	I	I take in a long breath , trying to the pick right words .
tr	O	Not only does he look different , he also acts and does things in another way .
tr	I	I saw that they hid secret a , and pressed them .
tr	O	Please bring me a large breakfast .
tr	I	I 'm powerless to her defend .
tr	I	After spending most of the night thinking about Madison , he 'd finally decided that what had happened them between yesterday was probably for the best .
tr	O	What was happening to me ?
tr	O	His facial expression gives Lewis his answer .
tr	I	Heather had never known that could she be pure sensation .
tr	I	Suddenly , a purplish sprang fire from his hands and engulfed the terrified creature .
tr	O	When we walked in , I further noticed there was only one destination button .
tr	I	Only , wraiths like me who were born to it , born to two vampires - we have powers the don others 't .
tr	I	Even Ayanna ate a and bit had to admit it was tasty .
tr	I	At least they were forced to stand in the hallway outside my suite ; my guards wouldn let 't them near me .
tr	O	He splashed , and paddled the water , but he did not try to swim .
tr	I	A big smile crossed his face broad .
tr	I	We will test veins the .
tr	I	I glanced at over my shoulder , moving it slightly .
tr	O	On dollar dance nights it gave the Kicking Horse Saloon a run for its money .
tr	I	He stared it at for a few minutes , and she heard him curse as he put it all together and realized what she 'd done .
tr	I	He his views blood-stained hands .
tr	I	It was time he let go and became a man on his own as just he himself had done at his age .
tr	I	Hu Lee moved from the podium to start pacing in the front of the room as he moved the from rehearsed speech to his own personal beliefs .
tr	O	Guilt and remorse were foreign to the werewolf .
tr	O	Dharma comprises our striving for righteousness and virtue .
tr	I	It skillfully was made from clay , but , unlike the other figurines , it was unglazed and unpainted .
tr	O	I moved away from him and went over to the queen-size bed covered in a chocolate brown comforter and pillows .
tr	I	I can go after lunch , while you guys watch Only Fools and Horses , then the Queen 's yet speech again .
tr	I	Part of my fear when pregnant had been that my body was to lost me forever .
tr	I	The were doors open .
tr	O	She listened then put the receiver to her breast so the other person couldn 't hear .
tr	I	I fixed my stare on a flashing light somewhere across far the horizon .
tr	I	And so Gabrielle was .
tr	O	Part of me doesn 't want him to say those words .
tr	I	She was pretty sure she recognized someone when felt she a hand grab her ass .
tr	I	She wore a white with bathrobe her initials ' AB ' sewn in gold thread .
tr	O	I have a feeling dinner is going to be something unique tonight , to say the least .
tr	O	The moment the E.R. doctor left the room , Sam was headed determinedly for the door .
tr	I	I pulled my phone of out my pocket .
tr	I	It was as if 'd she been punched out of nowhere .
tr	I	He went briefly into the training and qualifications of all officers his .
tr	I	He exhaled suddenly and looked exhausted .
tr	I	If a girl walked out on you during sex , how long you would wait before leaving ?
tr	O	So close she smelled the remnants of smoke mixed with the masculine aftershave she associated with Chase .
tr	O	That put us at plan B , and I pulled Marcus into the dream .
tr	I	I drew hand my back .
tr	O	' ' I need to go .
tr	O	I felt compelled and pushed all at once ; it was a potent male force that could never be bottled or captured on film , only experienced .
tr	I	I him imagined watching us , his face soft , and then leaving the present where I 'd see it .
tr	I	I 'd seen beheadings before , but 're they pretty spectacularly horrible .
tr	I	I 'm also guessing that you 've never been happy or felt fulfilled that with kind of life .
tr	I	She stared him at curiously .
tr	O	The colors continue to bleed away , until it looks like we 've been transported back in time and are in a black and white movie .
tr	O	' I 'm going to leave you with the Constable to go through some more details , and then perhaps we can arrange another cup of tea .
tr	O	They would only assume he was part of the enemy .
tr	O	Call back from the guy at the bar last week -- blah , blah , blah -- click , delete .
tr	I	He needed water no to tell him that .
tr	I	I just blinked a times few .
tr	O	She made her way along the outside of the room to the front until she found an empty chair .
tr	O	Seth shifted slightly , placing his hand between their bodies to circle her clit .
tr	I	Ironically , the red mud will be disguising all the blood red .
tr	O	He felt ignored and alone , like excess baggage .
tr	O	Too much of a risk now .
tr	O	Sara left Callie almost as conflicted as when she arrived .
tr	O	Funeral services will be held Thursday in Dallas .
tr	O	But it was at that instant that she became irresistible to him .
tr	O	Duke nodded , not looking away from me .
tr	I	But somehow morning this 's dramas hadn 't bothered her .
tr	I	I knew Maryanne was rolling me over ... hitting me on back the .
tr	I	He 's a thief and he 's definitely worth not it .
tr	I	Why didn 't I think that there be might other men at the opposite end of the bridge ?
tr	O	I was glad she was there .
tr	I	How could he have again forgotten ?
tr	I	It doesn 't come off well so .
tr	O	Kind of hard to go to a fancy restaurant when you 've got warrants out for your arrest .
tr	I	A circle had formed , and the were people dancing round and round the flames .
tr	I	I was the best programmer in my class graduating .
tr	O	Touching her cheek , she hissed with pain .
tr	I	Guns way are too loud .
tr	I	She pointed to herself and then placed that on finger the desk and made circling motions as if it were her swimming .
tr	I	Dante watched intently her as he felt every inch of her body with his .
tr	O	I hung up , shut off the ringer and started my research .
tr	I	What he wanted to know was why she still hadn 't him approached about it .
tr	I	Flattery had the show , and the whole world watching was .
tr	I	Themis looked the through glass .
tr	O	I went over to my window seat and sat down hugging my sketch book close to me .
tr	I	He left me and two others in alone the woods .
tr	I	Still , the unknown element of what was coming stirred fear up in me .
tr	I	There aren ´ many t people around .
tr	O	We may need this to call fish or other creatures .
tr	I	In the morning , comes Brandi in my room while I 'm still half-asleep .
tr	I	Was a blonde boy , with long until hair the shoulders , dressed in white .
tr	I	I didn 't know he where was and I had to go .
tr	O	Stone knew it wasn 't manly to admit it , even to himself , but he hadn 't been raised for bravery .
tr	I	The king wouldn 't made have this decree if he hadn 't been confident Farooq would be married at once .
tr	I	Raven had heard words his , all of which held truth , but he knew she had no idea of the reality .
tr	I	Ethan her anchored to him as if that would keep her safer .
tr	O	I guessed that neither was older than fifteen .
tr	I	When I was finally finished , felt I like I might vomit .
tr	O	Her hair fell forward as he brought her mouth to his .
tr	I	He supposed it spoke of how low his mood had sunk that the idea a of bloody battlefield appealed to him .
tr	O	He shook his head to clear the beer induced fog , zipped up his pants , and headed back to the fire .
tr	I	The was phone ringing .
tr	I	Anonymous , Gene aka Harold Steve clicked on reply .
tr	I	So please let 's not have this again happen .
tr	O	No talking or mumbling or anything associated with people and what they naturally did .
tr	I	It felt like every time I took one step forward , was I falling two steps behind .
tr	O	A sweater was enough to keep warm and I quickly found him walking amongst the large old olive trees .
tr	O	He was eager to oblige , his mouth taking in one succulent nipple and sucking so hard that she threw her head back and screamed .
tr	I	That 's a in pig a tutu !
tr	O	His perfectly ironed military uniform hung in the open closet , along with a ton of t-shirts and board shorts .
tr	I	He 'd found the skin other .
tr	O	It only took a few tries for me to learn .
tr	I	I shook thoughts the aside .
tr	O	Finally one of the Tradition Keepers raised his hand .
tr	I	But he couldn 't himself keep from dreaming .
tr	O	There was no one else who fit .
tr	I	Dave didn look 't back .
tr	O	I must have run at a punishing pace to get here .
tr	I	I still have to be accepted a to law school .
tr	I	It was one of great our secrets .
tr	O	She had noticed him in class .
tr	O	Perhaps that is an indication of true suffering - to not know what a day is .
tr	O	The kind that was never going to betray me .
tr	O	He stood straighter and she squeezed him lightly before loosening her grip .
tr	O	She hoped it wasn 't the raw fish .
tr	I	And 'll you never need a face lift .
tr	I	Her fingers found the button his of clothes and popped them free .
tr	I	Like I inconveniencing was him .
tr	I	I shook my head , he but was right .
tr	O	Those that had not were providing fire from the edge of the portal .
tr	O	I was hoping that her time alone would help her understand the situation I was in .
tr	I	I know doesn it 't come naturally for our kind .
tr	I	I the find hallway bathroom and walk in , locking the door behind me .
tr	O	I leaned around him again , but I couldn 't see any of the Cullens .
tr	O	All the trees we found ... there was only one of each sort , sir .
tr	O	I ventured a glance up .
tr	I	I 't couldn do that to my family .
tr	I	Nomad and nodded took a swig of his beer .
tr	I	We snaked our way the through couples .
tr	I	You could get if him you tried .
tr	I	But what had started as almost a buzz inside head his soon became unmistakable .
tr	O	It is already two miles away from us .
tr	I	Right now , all she focus could on was survival .
tr	O	The C.E. and top lawyer were visibly uncomfortable , whereas technical and commercial management simply looked bored .
tr	O	Addie shot him a look .
tr	I	It 's about time Marie living started her life .
tr	I	I avoided looking at the head and tried to concentrate on details the of the room .
tr	O	Did I even want to know ?
tr	I	She wasn 't in the least bit afraid when he set her on down the firm rock at the entrance to his lair .
tr	I	I strode across the cafeteria , anger burning in chest my .
tr	I	said to Rufus Bahl Bazaar .
tr	O	Chapter 9 He had scarcely fallen asleep when the harsh beeping from his AI watch woke Tim .
tr	O	He quickly glanced around the room , searching for trouble and , finding none , settled back into his chair and yawned .
tr	I	They grumbled beneath their breath as they pushed a silver tray cart across the room stopped and by her cubicle .
tr	I	It was weird watch to .
tr	I	She was in dressed a white robe , her head covered by a cowl in the same colour .
tr	O	I saw him , Claire .
tr	O	It was a place where someone could get something decent to eat .
tr	O	It was stated that she was kidnapped while going from Portland to Kingston .
tr	I	I mentioned 'd my concerns about the sun to Stanton , but she 'd dismissed them .
tr	I	It was distinct a possibility .
tr	O	It was at this stage that Will 's life began to fall apart .
tr	I	But she couldn 't trust him , and because of lack that , instead of joy , his words brought only pain .
tr	I	No , she wasn 't thrilled with idea the of me leaving for three weeks .
tr	O	Liz nodded reluctantly as Brady maneuvered the car back on the road .
tr	O	Garrett let out a derisive laugh and shook his head .
tr	O	Bay held up her hand to stop her from leaving , panic causing her heart to start to race .
tr	O	There are always issues with my car .
tr	O	I was barely holding myself together as it was , seeing him was liable to make me fall to pieces .
tr	I	I don 't know if I have still one .
tr	I	I was thankful I had let Bree talk me into hanging out with Delvin and enjoying everything New Orleans had offer to in terms of nightlife .
tr	I	I don 't about care that .
tr	O	If she played her part right , Sam wouldn 't remember anything about the night except that she had been there .
tr	I	She Myra told she was with Simon , told Simon she was with Liz and told Mrs. Dawson that she needed a nap .
tr	I	I shined the beam on the floor as I continued the toward doorway .
tr	O	The newly arrived team of three specialists from the UN were standing just inside the door where they shivered in shorts and t-shirts .
tr	O	Cooper 's eyes darted into the crowd as he looked for familiar faces .
tr	I	As the for T-shirt , she didn 't dare to ask what that was like .
tr	O	My ankle was rigid and hurt like a bitch .
tr	I	There was a door that to led the bathroom and bedroom but it was closed .
tr	O	He rotates on his side and props up on his arm .
tr	O	' But that 's up . '
tr	I	She seen had those eyes somewhere before .
tr	I	The desire his in voice sent a spike of heat to my core .
tr	O	I press my forehead to the cool metal of the bars , waiting for the dizziness to pass .
tr	O	Making love with you seems like the only worthwhile thing in the world right now .
tr	O	Papa entered the room , saw the two of them , and closed the door behind him .
tr	O	I fight to keep my hands to myself .
tr	O	The timing of this trial was lousy .
tr	I	I up hold my gloved hands .
tr	O	That strip , however , was mostly shadows , in which two red eyes burned brightly .
tr	I	Only her emotions were on the move , and they were escalating at alarming an rate .
tr	I	Rachel had right been .
tr	I	She was afraid hear to the answer to this question , but she had to ask it .
tr	I	I make sure to watch my step but gradually slip out of the gap in the carriage I had up blown myself .
tr	I	Right from the beginning of time have I known what I would be doing throughout the ages .
tr	O	She asked snatching the paper from him , leaving only a sprinkling of glitter on his fingers .
tr	I	You gon 're na be like famous and all that .
tr	I	Several of Dimas ' men out broke in laughter .
tr	I	In front of him five were Arabs .
tr	O	The one who 'd been coming into the restaurant for the last few weeks with the darker haired girl .
tr	I	she spoke out loud to Sid , who couldn care 't less .
tr	I	But that doesn 't mean that I don have 't a brain and cannot make decisions .
tr	I	Solange was about worried Jasmine .
tr	O	They 'd be useful .
tr	I	Her body throbbed over all , and she was aching for a climax .
tr	I	I wondered he if had read my mind .
tr	O	Afterward , her mother had usually carried two jobs just to keep the bills paid , so Elise had been on her own a lot .
tr	O	Be selfless for the first time in your life .
tr	I	Only then would she allow to him move about his own house in peace .
tr	I	Then Jennifer directed stare her at Claire .
tr	I	His grandmother picked pieces of meat and fish from various and dishes put it on top of Dan 's rice bowl , urging him to eat .
tr	I	The length of her body softly pressed against his .
tr	O	Apparently she thinks she was married to Albert Schweitzer .
tr	O	The primitive certainty that she belonged to him and no one or no place else was too strong in that moment .
tr	I	Ryan looked behind and him saw the steps leading away into the darkness .
tr	O	I reach in thru the plastic bag , rubbing my fingers across the cover .
tr	I	He already knew how to get her riled and ready for fight a .
tr	O	If anything , it was worse because Elizabeth had decided to join them and their conversation proceeded in much the same way .
tr	I	She shook a it little .
tr	I	He turned in the foyer and slammed his hands either to side of the door frame , blocking Eleanor 's way out .
tr	O	Any other time this is cause for alarm .
tr	I	The ears were sorted for and size quality .
tr	O	But now they were just muffled sounds in the distance .
tr	O	The top tier of Atlanta real estate .
tr	I	Tears rolled down 's Amanda cheeks .
tr	O	Jumped in the shower and out the door in ten minutes time .
tr	I	He did not seem like the type that played with well others .
tr	I	He opened his eyes with start a , then burst out laughing .
tr	I	I don 't think they saw even us .
tr	O	Realization slapped me hard across the face .
tr	O	I was grateful when we finally pulled into the city of Dor .
tr	I	His boots in pounded the water .
tr	I	I had seen never a man move like Ian , nor had I seen one so quick on his feet and easy to protect .
tr	O	I eye it warily .
tr	I	The first thing we have to do is whether determine they were made before or after death .
tr	I	We , re a tiny mass of progenitor pluripotent cells when we are embryos .
tr	O	Healthy , living blood smelled like life , sweet and flowing .
tr	O	The youth 's gloomy eyes posed risk of severe flooding .
tr	I	From behind him he heard Aunt Pol speak , her calm voice and very gentle .
tr	O	Then it must have rolled , because now it lay at an angle , wheels facing upward .
tr	I	She remembers Willem 's sadness summer last .
tr	I	Thomas Ship felt 's intrusive presence withdraw , but he knew that nothing had been taken away .
tr	I	That move Luke didn 't anticipate and he went center off , his balance shifting slightly , but even then he stayed on .
tr	O	So she 'd go .
tr	I	Jayne scent 's already drifted toward him .
tr	I	I let that argument process with me and shushed the part cynical of my personality that argued if it wasn 't diamonds it would be something else .
tr	I	He have would been suspicious himself had the scenario played out that way .
tr	I	Throughout the Ages tea was the one that thing remained the same .
tr	O	He walked up the metal stairs and made his way out of the subway station .
tr	I	They tracked every her move .
tr	O	I could hear the smile in his voice .
tr	O	Pigeon held up a digital camera , an image of Todd on the screen .
tr	O	Bringing her will to bear , she throws out her voice to the spectators for all to hear .
tr	O	I put the gun around my shoulder and shoved the rest of the items in my pack .
tr	O	Simon blew out a long breath .
tr	O	And again , three minutes later , in the taxi .
tr	I	His hand right was next to the lock .
tr	I	' That great sounds . '
tr	O	Was this another goodbye ?
tr	O	No one was even remotely looking in Marguerite 's direction .
tr	O	I wondered how many people sat in them , waiting to identify a body or to collect the personal belongings of someone they would never see again .
tr	O	She kissed him again , this time on the lips .
tr	O	My fall was not hindered by anything .
tr	O	Maryanne was a good columnist herself , or at least she was desperately striving to become one .
tr	O	Surely there will be some Pretty Robotics salvage .
tr	I	Drake took her in hand his .
tr	I	Aunt Syl gave me a longer look , and I realized she was looking for assurance that I be would allowed back tomorrow .
tr	O	This man who had been her enemy for so long .
tr	I	And you know , my dear friend that I am a prying creature , so I must ask how Marie John and are ?
tr	O	If you can remember anything -- stuff might come back to you over the next few days -- call me .
tr	I	I guide 'll you . '
tr	I	I concentrate on forward motion , on moving my legs even though they seem to be unwilling to support weight my .
tr	I	How could she be Susan Nine and at the same time ?
tr	I	She wouldn 't drive around with a rifle even if she was using her 's father pickup .
tr	O	My head was starting to hurt .
tr	I	I looked at back DeeDee .
tr	O	I looked down the street to see the FedEx truck pulling up to Mark 's house .
tr	I	He stared blankly at down the muddy pool below where the tractor once was .
tr	I	Gramps has to know 's she hurt .
tr	I	Ted had known already that .
tr	O	I suppose the gods haven 't left an extremely fast magical horse buried somewhere nearby , have they ? '
tr	O	Tears sprang to her eyes as the harsh reality of her life hit her full in the face like a slap .
tr	O	He reached to turn the lamp on again , when he heard a faint knock on the door .
tr	I	You are forgotten not .
tr	O	I 'd trusted Blake when Daemon practically begged me not to .
tr	I	It might to work shake him off .
tr	O	I had two hours until Victor would be here but I didn 't want to rush getting ready .
tr	I	Fifty yards up the street , a parted V of swept grass straight toward the soldier , like a torpedo through water .
tr	O	So he did not much want to , but he obliged anyway .
tr	O	I 'm just asking if you 'll tell me about Kimberly if I behave .
tr	I	His face had finally slackened into something approaching relaxed , and I didn 't the have heart to make him think about work again .
tr	I	I didn 't the recognize voice .
tr	O	But tell me , do you remember everything I 've done to you ?
tr	I	They both looked her at .
tr	O	My heart felt heavy listening to Trisha , knowing that she was right .
tr	O	Words that would express how he truly felt .
tr	O	He licked his lips , made her feel as if he 'd licked hers then continued down the trail his eyes traveled down her middle .
tr	O	Her hands roamed over him , stripping him , stroking him , and all too soon he was begging , unable to help himself .
tr	O	They 'd been working on it for nearly two days and it still looked like a pile of junk .
tr	O	The guys who 'd spent the day surfing arrived to provide a little more gender balance , much to Brent 's disappointment .
tr	I	Her cheeks were plump and rosy and her small eyes very impressive tons with of mascara .
tr	O	Neither must be damned and burned away from our lives .
tr	I	I watched as he started running through the yard like he chased some prey unseen .
tr	O	He chuckled again and took the exit .
tr	O	He 'd been drinking .
tr	O	He could taste the dust entering his nostrils .
tr	O	And your boyfriend is the next executioner in line for the throne .
tr	O	It 's like I have hope again .
tr	I	But , come now , can you 't just stop .
tr	I	Edwin drew his dart gun fired and three or four times striking her twice .
tr	I	She reached out to grasp him , and he caught her hand , the move so last saw she only a blur .
tr	I	They drove the short distance to the school but it deserted was .
tr	O	And then he reached out , his hand brushing my shoulder lightly , making me shiver , and plucked at a purple feather stuck in my hair .
tr	I	I feel like retching at attempts her at flirting .
tr	O	No one deserved to suffer like this .
tr	I	I the loved way he called them his stars , showing his passion and possessiveness .
tr	O	Damn , but she was courageous and willing to put herself on the line for his men .
tr	O	I moved back towards my friends and stood at attention beside the king , my hand resting on my saber .
tr	O	Why else were we climbing into my Range Rover , pointed toward Capitola Beach ?
tr	O	And forward they slowly but surely moved , one eager step after another as they got one place closer to the front of the queue and food .
tr	I	That was all 'd I ever known of Voodoo .
tr	I	Never had a mattress felt so good ... But he didn 't long have to relax .
tr	I	Gabrielle was still for pleading Rachel 's safety , but Sexton heard only silence .
tr	O	He was trying to protect me .
tr	I	The sickness I was experiencing puzzled me since for the first time maybe in my life , I felt in control myself of and my emotions .
tr	O	Then I recognized him .
tr	I	I carefully then closed the door and headed to Bianca 's room .
tr	O	No , he was not going to leave empty-handed .
tr	O	She deliberately avoided her , averting her gaze .
tr	I	The woman obnoxious was .
tr	O	And of course Simon was here .
tr	I	She pulled her chair around to the other side of Deanna desk 's .
tr	O	At first , she was afraid it might be fire .
tr	I	She sniffled and wiped nose her on her sleeve .
tr	O	I decided I wanted to see the look on Cassie 's face when she opened said box .
tr	I	He wouldn 't go straight bed to until he abuses me first .
tr	O	But she detected none of the resentment she 'd half expected .
tr	I	I know Grandma had neighbor named Martha Anderson she that was close to .
tr	O	She had opened her past and revealed all the betrayal she had endured .
tr	O	Everything had to be even , not just steps .
tr	O	We don 't know what Flattery 's been doing to her .
tr	O	I 'm so used to the gesture that I barely notice it anymore , or let it bother me .
tr	O	Who wanted to take Insanity Sam ?
tr	O	Peggy sipped her coffee and set the mug on the counter .
tr	I	The circumstances for called a picnic .
tr	O	Where the hell was Stuart ?
tr	O	He reached out his hand and Lydia took it .
tr	O	He had already seen many dead people and knew she wasn 't far away from being dead .
tr	O	Chip shifted his weight on the couch .
tr	I	I needed that something would make you leave right away .
tr	I	I could still remember the first party I 'd in attended high school .
tr	I	Mia 't wasn simply happy .
tr	O	A werewolf with gleaming white teeth hurtled through the air toward her .
tr	O	It 's his ring I have on my finger and him I 'm going to marry .
tr	I	And even though some things end , endings are just doors closing so new that doors can open , right ?
tr	I	I 've your been mom since our folks died .
tr	O	Perhaps she isn 't as different from everyone else as she thinks ; or as they think .
tr	O	The tweezers scraped against the bullet , and just as she 'd feared , it was buried deep in the flesh .
tr	I	He stretched out legs his in front of him and put his hands behind his head .
tr	I	Her face deadpanned as she watched me try to hold back snickers the .
tr	O	The way his teeth had grazed a nipple .
tr	O	Micah could hear the faint sound of a television in the background .
tr	O	Clare now stood firm before him and required to know immediately what his objection was to her friend .
tr	O	While browsing in a newspaper booth , they agreed to meet up in a nearby coffee shop .
tr	O	First she was in the castle , now she was here - and he didn 't doubt for a minute that she was behind this horrendous meal .
tr	I	Only in that physical are world things separated .
tr	I	He disappeared for a while , and I knew he pout would for a week .
tr	I	I know you don 't want hear to it , but many of these people are already dead .
tr	O	He took her death hard , and his way of forgiving himself for not teaching his baby sister how to defend herself was to teach me .
tr	I	A later year we got names .
tr	I	' Of course , ' returned Arnold , ' That 's why I went to on become an entomologist . '
tr	O	They 'd think she was a piece of evidence , and they wouldn 't act in time .
tr	I	His heart started pounding again , but for an entirely reason different than it had a few minutes ago .
tr	I	I am pretty sure we got stuff that right .
tr	I	One thing she discovered about Damien was that he was generous to fault a .
tr	O	He cleared his throat .
tr	I	For years , she practiced the dark arts and searched the land for with people powers .
tr	O	It was a time-consuming process .
tr	O	A bunch of tiny bubbles popped at the surface of the pool .
tr	O	I had to sit down and take a breath .
tr	I	What attacked had me ?
tr	O	She should 've listened to him .
tr	I	Despite her meek protests they have been feeding her intravenously ; it is not hard to change the bag once you 've been how shown .
tr	O	Still , she had to say her piece .
tr	O	Where the devil had she gone ?
tr	O	My eyebrows furrowed in frustration .
tr	I	The dogs 's clicked nails on the floor .
tr	I	I never felt anything real for her but I couldn 't complain about having a like girlfriend her .
tr	I	I asked , curious as to whether or not had he felt me on the edges of his memories fanning through them .
tr	O	Saul raised his voice above the sound of the gushing water to address the group .
tr	O	They wouldn 't help her now .
tr	I	Daniel looked at himself in the mirror when he climbed up his in pickup .
tr	I	Would you be old to enough take custody of Cole full-time ?
tr	O	Only in films and books .
tr	O	So the question begged to be answered : if they found the Choate , could they resist the temptation to use it for themselves ?
tr	O	My father used to scold me for running down the stairs .
tr	O	Marriage was ... was so permanent , and I was so young .
tr	O	Our story is set just after the events in Korea with the dog soldiers and the assassination droids , but before the Green Scream incident .
tr	I	I take in as much air as I and can try not to panic when my lungs fill to only half capacity .
tr	I	I nod then and he kisses me , in a way he 's never kissed me before .
tr	O	It wasn 't them I was asking , but the painter who 'd offered me the business card answered just the same .
tr	I	The piece symbolic is of his new name , of his new life .
tr	O	But what was to be done ?
tr	I	I up peeked , not wanting to add to his long list of worries .
tr	O	I was already at her bedroom door .
tr	O	For a time there was silence as Lord Brogan studied her face , and then he sat back in his chair .
tr	O	The city took advantage of the space above it , with buildings that were literally up in the clouds .
tr	O	What will you do if Rafe shows up and has a key to this place ?
tr	I	When we get there , I sit him down in the middle of tent the under the cool mist .
tr	I	Better than cave a ?
tr	O	This is no time for joking .
tr	O	It wasn 't working .
tr	O	It was almost as though the other diners weren 't there .
tr	O	I was half transfixed by him as he placed me on the bed , moving the covers back without touching them .
tr	O	I had to know more .
tr	O	She was conspicuously enjoying his anxiety .
tr	O	Nicola turned away from the window with a sigh , knowing exactly why she 'd forced herself to get on that plane and leave him for good .
tr	O	My mother would be so proud .
tr	I	She read the license plate of the first green she Buick saw .
tr	I	I remembered single every detail , even though I prayed I could forget .
tr	O	But as soon as Donaldson stepped one foot inside Ryder 's cell , the vampire attacked .
tr	I	Renna smiled down Myka at .
tr	I	Otherwise the was room silent .
tr	I	A tea service tray rested on the table them between .
tr	I	She running was on pure heart .
tr	I	And that had worked out fine , because the space in the console was perfect the for books he 'd removed from the secret closet .
tr	I	She grinned back waved and as he got in the car .
tr	O	All of these years , he had been looking for this .
tr	O	They do not like the way they are living , and feel unhappy with their world .
tr	O	I should enjoy my time with you before we 're thrown out .
tr	I	So what brings out you here ?
tr	I	The town fades out of behind sight us .
tr	I	I be 'll the mother of your child .
tr	O	Her answer sounds so genuine that I believe she may actually feel sorry that she 's separating our family .
tr	O	He was alive in a world of the dead .
tr	O	He was quite definitely dead before he entered the water .
tr	O	She shut the door behind her and turned toward the window .
tr	O	But I miss the woman I was , even as I learn to accept the new creature I 've become .
tr	I	He it hoped would hold .
tr	I	You run can with the Pack here .
tr	O	No mistaking her intent .
tr	O	He hadn 't said when he planned to return , if ever .
tr	O	Yet the arguing stopped as soon as she walked in , her brothers immediately focusing on her .
tr	O	The gods were tricksters though , as likely to lure a man on and then betray him as they were to keep their faith .
tr	I	Don 't the forget gloves !
tr	O	Would Kirstie fear trusting men because of how very far her hero father had fallen ?
tr	O	She dialled and then tried to steady her hands , willing him to pick up .
tr	I	The tissue and whitened blanched before blood seeped to the surface .
tr	I	The girl began to shake violently , and he knew had she to be remembering all the times his kind had fed from her silky throat .
tr	O	I kept my face neutral .
tr	O	When he heard his mother crying , he went running toward the sound .
tr	I	This was a driveway only used for ceremonies ; Western had provided back entrances and that wonderful parking lot for regular occasions .
tr	O	If I 'd known how to call him shithead , I would have .
tr	I	I the see look on my mother 's face and realize we must look like two teenage girls fighting over a boy or some other foolishness .
tr	O	Annoyed , I yanked open the door .
tr	I	It would have been than more she could expect .
tr	O	Emily pointed at the tattoo on his neck .
tr	O	The deaths themselves were disgusting and horrifying .
tr	I	He stared hard at his twin , unable to contain fury his .
tr	O	Julienne 's mouth hung open for a moment , and then she fell over laughing .
tr	O	But he wants you to know that he loves you .
tr	I	It takes him a minute to realize I serious am .
tr	O	He laughed aloud as he opened the conference call .
tr	O	He didn 't have family from around here .
tr	O	Iran , gently , kissed him back .
tr	I	Odd , that in the end would Demetri be the safe one .
tr	O	Travis rushed forward , reaching for one of the twins .
tr	I	I don 't think I 'd ever actually come to with grips a certain stark reality .
tr	O	The motion made a man beside the wounded tree immediately look down at him .
tr	O	Something rustled in the hedge , causing her to hop on one foot before hastening forward .
tr	O	Her enormous eyes flashed fire at him .
tr	O	Most of those of the Forest stayed atop the crest to help the next group of soldiers .
tr	I	The colors the of suite were muted neutrals , but the designer had included a splash of color with deep burgundy draperies .
tr	O	I tried to make her stop .
tr	O	He 'd been such a troublemaker .
tr	O	I could feel her deep pain but didn 't know what it was .
tr	O	His name says it all .
tr	O	As much as he wanted her .
tr	I	Mr. coolly Ryder adjusted his black tie and followed Clay out into the hallway , disappearing around the corner without shutting the door .
tr	I	Were all coincidences these ?
tr	O	How did he know her so well in so short a time , she wondered .
tr	O	Being nervous didn 't help his concentration either .
tr	I	I fingered it gently , awe in of its importance .
tr	O	Kayden I 've been in the clinic for a week now and today should be a really good morning .
tr	O	Too late to think of the fire .
tr	O	he asked , his eyes round .
tr	O	Slipping them off she took his hand joining him on deck .
tr	O	There were several huge batteries down in the basement , which were hooked up to the generator .
tr	O	' May I enquire as to why you 've made this decision ? '
tr	O	She 'd shaken her head at my dismay and reminded me that I was actually pretty lucky .
tr	O	Prewitt sniffs his surrounding air molecules with a goofy grin .
tr	O	A small crowd was gathered around the dead assailant .
tr	I	But , unfortunately , it 's slowly going .
tr	O	Jenna 's jaw dropped open .
tr	O	That she was the love of his life .
tr	O	Quinlan 's walkie-talkie squawked .
tr	I	Perfect eyebrows arched over perfectly eyes shaped .
tr	I	I it tried on , and it looked fabulous .
tr	O	Ketchup 's arm wraps around my shoulders and pulls me against his chest .
tr	O	It was a hideous sight that scarred a beautiful and perfect country .
tr	O	He collapsed onto the sofa , reflecting on recent events .
tr	I	Willow never had a to reason fear .
tr	O	She looked at my shoes which I hadn 't taken off like I normally would when I entered the apartment .
tr	I	Rachael said , aback taken .
tr	I	Skyler closed her briefly eyes .
tr	I	The in lights the house went off .
tr	O	Dan could see the Criminal Court Building over his shoulder , with his nightmares embedded in every block of limestone in its walls .
tr	I	You weren 't to about marry me .
tr	I	We started the trip to Dallas in the afternoon while it was still daylight , so I was packed into the plane inside favorite my bag .
tr	I	In the strange glow , her naked was skin tinted a rich honey with long , dark hair that spilled down her back .
tr	I	His tongue wrapped around hers , guiding her to rhythm a of his choosing .
tr	I	I didn respond 't .
tr	O	Garth appeared on the other side of the branch and stood looking at Dickie with narrow , suspicious eyes .
tr	I	Chester behind loomed her .
tr	O	All I was ever going to answer .
tr	O	She thought she saw some evidence of exhaustion around his eyes but she couldn 't be certain .
tr	O	At least , one would hope that at least some of it feels vaguely familiar .
tr	O	He checked his watch .
tr	I	Guys serve that this city well .
tr	I	And indeed , it to seemed be .
tr	O	You 've saved God knows how many lives , and taken God knows how many alien lives .
tr	I	David asked about Samantha , and Xavier that said she was at school .
tr	I	Now Taylor was eager to seize the moment to gain more clarity for his questions own .
tr	I	His shoulder was on fire , but it looked like the shot had gone through right .
tr	I	The short elevator ride up to the third floor was brief although another female employee had stepped into the car with at him the last second .
tr	I	As he to scrambled the top he heard the dog once more , and this drove him on , with at least some idea of direction .
tr	O	Out of instinct to protect myself , I advanced forward .
tr	I	It 's almost like it new symbolizes opportunities or something .
tr	O	There were four small buildings that were difficult to see in the half-light .
tr	I	They dragged toward them the holes and dumped them inside .
tr	O	But it was not that .
tr	I	Jace would come around eventually , but at least knew he it wasn 't aliens who destroyed Northgate .
tr	O	If I just pass by and he kills himself or dies , then what do I tell the police and other people ?
tr	I	Audrey pushed himself to the left and the ladder ran with wheels at bottom the .
tr	I	Taking an arrow out of her quiver , she aimed it at one of the birds on feasting the horse .
tr	I	Mike made breakfast for me while Drake Drew and fussed and teased .
tr	O	I didn 't have time to puzzle it out , as a translucent , watery ball of magic appeared in her right hand .
tr	O	Being with him hadn 't made me disappear or became anything less .
tr	O	Nika shrugged again and pulled up the front of her shirt .
tr	I	The I man was always meant to be .
tr	I	The vampire shook him , slamming a into fist his chest repeatedly in an effort to dislodge those burrowing fingers .
tr	O	I 'm not even using my Telepathy to send messages , words or images into Rann 's mind .
tr	O	It is how she was born .
tr	O	What you get is that I keep it and never show it to anyone else .
tr	O	The room was completely dark that even my night vision couldn 't detect any objects or movement around me .
tr	O	And at this moment , her opinion meant more to me than showing some jock the business end of my fists .
tr	I	More that than , what does it mean ?
tr	O	Col lifted his chin , pulled back his shoulders .
tr	O	I need you during these rebel attacks .
tr	O	He ground his h * ps against her , trying to relieve the intense pressure in his pants .
tr	I	Show me the out way ! '
tr	I	He kneads his eyes his with fists again and releases a long breath .
tr	I	He was whistling a song , while he Posy brushed .
tr	I	Morris kept a tight grip on the steering wheel , but he in smiled acknowledgment .
tr	I	There would be mystery no this time .
tr	O	He tore it open and discovered an inner envelope , quite bulky , to which was attached another , smaller envelope .
tr	I	The realization was starting to to come me .
tr	O	No child should learn fear at such a young age .
tr	O	They were casual and noisy , fil ed with delicious food and good-natured bickering between Luke and Oliver .
tr	I	He pushed too hard set and expectations too high .
tr	I	She hadn 't spoken to in Jenna at least two weeks and that was only by phone .
tr	I	I button it up back praying he didn 't notice .
tr	I	The dry whirring sound came out , growing the into hum that brought to mind a turbine engine .
tr	O	He pulled himself back and glared at me .
tr	I	I still wasn 't sure if it could saved be .
tr	O	To all appearances , she was smiling and enjoying herself , but there was a hardness about her .
tr	I	It turns out that was it nothing much .
tr	O	She had never considered what one might do in a dark corner of a theater .
tr	I	The would impact 've knocked him back .
tr	O	Instead his open palm slaps me between my thighs , stinging my most sensitive parts .
tr	I	Not that I could blame if them I were mortal .
tr	O	Second by second , the world disappears until only Alec and I exist .
tr	O	I want to yell at him .
tr	O	I felt like there was nothing too big that I couldn 't handle .
tr	I	This is my family , and these my are people .
tr	O	But that had been his second murder .
tr	I	I on moved past the ship at a steady pace and Listened as I did .
tr	O	Might as well be blunt .
tr	I	It you makes really think about how narrow-minded humans can be ; to think this morning I thought we were alone in the universe .
tr	O	He stood up slowly .
tr	O	They cheered and hugged .
tr	O	But , it didn 't matter in the end because she didn 't have the money .
tr	O	Stars glittered in Azrael 's eyes .
tr	I	I don 't have a mom and sister like you do that me love .
tr	O	She could feel the tug of sleep beckoning her .
tr	I	He 'd been hearing how important it was that Katie Derby didn 't make it to Rome ever he since 'd been hired two weeks ago .
tr	O	He bound and gagged the red head , then did the same to his unconscious companion .
tr	I	In the back are a few offices photo and lab .
tr	I	I have no notion what of to do .
tr	I	For a moment , I the resented whole nocturnal thing .
tr	O	I know you 're frightened ... I would be too if I were in the same situation .
tr	I	She realized that their joined vibrations synched had with the drums , another erotic layer that had her well squeezing and released his stalk .
tr	I	He wore a of pair shattered spectacles that hung awkwardly on his face .
tr	O	Except for the sores , oozing and deadly .
tr	O	I 'd take a fast death over one that lingers .
tr	O	Now , days later , in Jemma 's office after the minibus debacle , Jemma watched her with her usual kindly reserve .
tr	I	She was looking at bedding and she totally her dropped shopping list under one of the pillows .
tr	O	To his knowledge , there had been no communication back to Miguel or any of his people , so the strike would come completely by surprise .
tr	I	= ) Sebastian I : can 't wait to do that to you again .
tr	O	No ; it was against nature .
tr	O	I believe your communications are better than that .
tr	O	He just hadn 't tried it yet .
tr	I	If I looked at right him now , he would see it .
tr	O	The ugly man thumbed over his shoulder at the far wall .
tr	O	Their guard will be down for the most part , and they will be expecting pleasant company , not attack .
tr	O	Maybe that 's because he has the courage to thumb his nose at the rich and powerful .
tr	I	Barton struggled fight to them , lying on top of Darryl awkwardly .
tr	O	Angelina smiled up at Zeus .
tr	O	A thin man , his hair dyed a vivid pink , was at the front of the outside group .
tr	O	We had just started a game of ' Roach Invaders ' when there was a knock at the door .
tr	I	Emily smiled faintly at them , noticing how sweet friendly and they looked in sleep .
tr	I	At times Dawn was so energetic that Matthew had to ask her to slow and up be quiet .
tr	I	Like all children who grow up in space , Maya yearned for solid ground beneath feet her and a blue sky above her head .
tr	O	The new stuff just hummed along and did its job perfectly .
tr	O	Sold to the highest bidder ?
tr	O	She clicked over to her Daily Horoscopes app and read Taurus , her sign .
tr	O	Because he knows he can .
tr	I	It was more a of demonstration .
tr	O	I didn 't know whether to attack or drool all over her .
tr	I	The hideous green carpet peeks out beneath a cream rug shag .
tr	O	She would do anything to keep that from happening .
tr	I	I thought if I left the chain in place no would one notice .
tr	I	I set down the mixture wrapped and my arms around her in a hug .
tr	O	Who ´ s going to help ?
tr	O	For long minutes , they sat there in silence , each afraid to break the spell .
tr	I	Driving out to Bishop Eaton they discussed the case in hand .
tr	O	But while the laugh reverberated in her throat , her eyes showed innate fear .
tr	I	She broke off as Alec suddenly clutched at his with shoulder a gasp .
tr	O	There was nothing to do now but hope that she could face death as calmly as he had .
tr	O	One man finally stopped , and Parker realized halfway home that he wouldn 't be able to get inside his house to pay the man .
tr	I	All once at she was laughing .
tr	I	The usual items needed make to pastry and desserts were also waiting .
tr	I	The next day Connie was talking to his friend life-long , Keith Cornwell , about the situation .
tr	I	Randa , an instructor in psychology , a was little man , short and plump , with a round cheerful face and an almost perpetual smile .
tr	I	Life on the road can so be lonely .
tr	O	But they were not human anymore .
tr	I	If you 'll wake up to reality , you 'll realize what I 'm you telling !
tr	I	Courtney hurried back to dance the door .
tr	O	Sam and I needed to talk , but not this evening .
tr	O	Tom ran to the front and looked out the windows but didn 't see anything .
tr	I	What right did he have to be miserable , when he was the one calling a me monster ?
tr	I	Oh thank heaven ; everything still was there .
tr	I	Caitlin 's smile was pity without .
tr	O	One day , she would have to destroy him , for he would never allow Aden to rule .
tr	I	I walked in my door back four minutes later .
tr	I	My demands hadn moved 't the rest of them .
tr	O	I have touched the passions hidden in dead things and brought the shine out of them .
tr	I	He touched a steel box , it felt carefully .
tr	I	I am to sorry disappoint in that way .
tr	O	As he led her into camp , both men turned .
tr	I	Kylie didn 't time have to explain .
tr	I	Harry 's eyes up lit .
tr	I	I finally left her she so could rest .
tr	I	But I still didn 't think the way Etienne phrased this nice was .
tr	O	He watched Grandad Simeon 's attempts to smile at stories lovingly told about Elspeth .
tr	I	It was Maddox who thought we gross were .
tr	O	Nick let out a long breath .
tr	O	Even our breath is loud in the dark .
tr	I	Mrs. Hill had wrong been .
tr	O	' Well , I wouldn 't have forwarded an advance so soon . '
tr	O	They were still in there .
tr	I	He was doing nothing in particular , just looking at the clouds over racing the hillsides .
tr	O	She kept her voice low and neutral .
tr	I	I want to him confront with what I know , but stop myself .
tr	O	Darla nodded vigorously at him .
tr	O	I had taught myself techniques to get around things like that , blocking me from everything , blocking me from living , keeping me from dying .
tr	I	My eyes mirrored fear his .
tr	I	I grabbed my cell phone eagerly when rang it , seeing that it was Jackson .
tr	O	Everything seemed a world away .
tr	I	Even when he came to the elevators , the doors of one right opened after he pressed the button as if they knew of his haste .
tr	I	But something was wrong very .
tr	O	He suddenly heard a sound behind him .
tr	O	She wiped them on her already wet tunic .
tr	I	I the recognized voice immediately .
tr	I	The two men were not only her climbing partners , but closest her friends .
tr	I	I had chosen a cream-colored skirt a with matching top to wear .
tr	O	I grabbed Lis and pulled her along .
tr	O	Gabriel gave his wife a heated look .
tr	I	He brought his knees beneath him , his slid palms beneath Jamie 's ass , gripping her h * ps and lifting .
tr	I	She it took with shaky hands .
tr	O	And now it was up to him to make them proud .
tr	I	Buddy : Gardner Ok , man .
tr	O	The water bottle he is ingesting intravenously glistens against the rising and powerful sun .
tr	O	Little Thad did as instructed and threw the rope attached to the front of the boat over toward Simon .
tr	O	It 's because of him .
tr	O	You allow the parade of missing persons to move by without a word -- finding seats at the back of the bus .
tr	O	Uh , what was I not feeling ?
tr	O	Linda seemed pleased by this conclusion , but Myles couldn 't imagine why .
tr	O	Nothing but the methodical pant of their mutt could he heard .
tr	I	Where you can go ?
tr	O	She lowered her lashes .
tr	I	There were impressions vague , too .
tr	I	With a little silence , she be might able to think of how .
tr	I	What are questions your ?
tr	O	I didn 't heal him .
tr	I	You how know you get that prickly feelin ' before a storm ?
tr	O	I reached into my shirt pocket and brought out the photo that Agent Cranford had given to me at the rest stop two nights ago .
tr	O	She had to fight to stay relaxed .
tr	O	She felt scared with how Victoria 's eyes looked like when she looked at them .
tr	O	And then he hit on it , the perfect bait , a clue to finding her sister that she couldn 't resist following up on .
tr	I	Rock had seen before this , only not to the extent of pulling firearms .
tr	I	Alex had never met her , but Sam mentioned her lot a .
tr	I	Employers were required to provide for the implementation of implant the to all their employees , or to verify that prior implementation had occurred .
tr	O	She saw a mountain .
tr	O	But I don 't believe that Ella will run away again .
tr	O	He dragged Raven 's wrist to his mouth , his eyes smiling into hers , and deliberately ran his tongue across the wound to close it .
tr	I	Mike 't couldn help but sense that there was something on the card that wasn 't quite right .
tr	O	And just like that , the magical evening came crashing down around her .
tr	O	Art 's probably dead already , slaughtered by the demon as soon as it escaped .
tr	O	I wiped sweat off my forehead with the back of my hand .
tr	I	Even her confession that she was a good girl hadn turned 't him off .
tr	O	Riley had observed that at going home time the human children gathered around the large two legs that belonged to them , not their teachers .
tr	O	Steam consumed the room , his skin turning pink as the scalding water scorched his skin .
tr	I	I getting am answers -- today !
tr	I	He uncovered his eyes glared and at Wes .
tr	O	Or merely some sort of sensor ?
tr	O	Hunter gripped the ladder and scaled it though the harsh coughing continued .
tr	O	I 'm coming back now , there 's nothing else to do here .
tr	I	For weeks now , she had stewed about meeting not any of Kevin 's family while he 'd met much of hers .
tr	O	She looked at the keyboard because she couldn 't read anymore .
tr	I	He pleased felt and enjoyed watching them .
tr	I	It was far too late to stop the beast him in from breaking free .
tr	I	* Maggie couldn 't wait get to started .
tr	O	It is due to a most unfortunate accident the rest of today 's sessions have been cancelled .
tr	I	The bed dipped I as eased down beside her and took her in my arms .
tr	I	Chapter 7 Daniel drove through the security gates and up the long driveway of his father estate 's .
tr	O	Markus and Tanya wouldn 't have ever let that one slide .
tr	I	Beth but shrugged her gaze was annoyed as it fell upon the burgundy gown .
tr	O	Helga glares at him .
tr	I	There was anger no directed towards her .
tr	I	Jim 's danced eyes , as he chuckled .
tr	I	Jake tucked his head into the fridge like a dog for digging a bone .
tr	I	A beetle large sang past Ponder 's ear .
tr	O	The breeze fed the fires and the torchlight burned hot .
tr	O	I can 't imagine what it 's going to be like to be with them again .
tr	I	After all , that 's what he did , and a few stolen kisses 't didn make him her boyfriend .
tr	I	He won 't me let return to my parents ' house or at least my mother .
tr	O	And waited some more .
tr	O	Their father stood still and watchful .
tr	I	On the other hand , it is quite a bargain when you consider the duration of your stay expected .
tr	I	He sat a moment longer waiting for the fierce of burn desire to subside , then rose from his seat and approached the changing room .
tr	I	This whole is conversation surreal .
tr	I	I watched him pull his robe the around front of me , so it would look like dirt instead of a body .
tr	O	He turned away and grabbed a towel off the bench to wipe his hands .
tr	O	Tick sprinted for home .
tr	I	It turned from away the island and flew over the sea .
tr	I	My hotel bed looked and warm inviting .
tr	I	He clapped me on back the .
tr	O	His knuckles stroked along her arm .
tr	O	The Council are delighted to say this problem has now been rectified .
tr	I	Now all Sebastian wanted was gaze to at the fascinating creature just a little longer .
tr	O	Afterward , when he 'd thought she was crying , she 'd been planning to stab him .
tr	I	When she arrived at school , saw she one of her classmates , Viola , who was standing there waiting for someone .
tr	I	Isabelle suddenly up sat straight .
tr	I	Naturally the lycra panties proved nothing , stretching to accommodate derriere her .
tr	O	His hand reached for his lap , once again trying to adjust himself to a more bearable position .
tr	O	I was too scared to move as I watched the events unfolding before my eyes .
tr	O	I have arranged for her to be murdered .
tr	I	' And the media didn continue 't to hound you ? '
tr	O	Ty bounced on the mattress , grabbing his side and grunting .
tr	I	And I when die I want you to be there .
tr	I	Avery watched him round the corner the to bedroom .
tr	O	Finally , after signing declarations and producing her passport , she received a deed of agreement .
tr	I	I may not be able to see all the secrets of the heavens and Hell , I yet know you would not .
tr	I	The truth of the matter is that Rice not had told her the real deal behind Adolphus Sweet 's assignation attempt .
tr	O	He was right , and under other circumstances I would have listened with some sympathy .
tr	I	As the rolled van along , what Nine kept coming back to was the callousness of the man called Mr. Green .
tr	I	There a was bright light with some eyes staring at us and it slammed us both into the wall hard .
tr	I	The wards of Idris were created by Raziel himself , as part of the initial set of gifts that presented he to Jonathan Shadowhunter .
tr	I	His stare turned toward window the .
tr	O	She whirled around to f ind Clark standing directly behind her .
tr	O	I 'm sorry to burden you with all of this .
tr	O	' I have a little surprise for you . '
tr	I	He gazed out over the fire the into memory of that day , reliving it there by the fireside .
tr	O	He came because we had a fight .
tr	I	Studying could Ivan be 's excuse .
tr	O	He was sitting in the cafe , having a latte and flipping through a magazine .
tr	I	They 'd never on move if they were always dwelling on the past .
tr	O	Jonah shook off rationality and faced him down .
tr	I	We 're going be to the laughing stocks of the whole country .
tr	I	It was impossible to think about anything else except for was what happening between us .
tr	O	Have to wait , she thought , gritting her teeth as she put the BOW in gear .
tr	I	I felt Sora before approach I saw her .
tr	I	Scarlett pushed her way through the gyrating bodies and ran him after .
tr	O	I walked into the lobby and waited for the elevator .
tr	I	So she turned back and headed quickly her toward room .
tr	I	I ease in back the chair and focus on the last days at the farmhouse .
tr	O	My recent experiences with humans hadn 't exactly been pleasant .
tr	I	We could destroy the gates , but they would collapse the access path , leaving the castle entrance unreachable by except mountaineers .
tr	I	How many times had she said You cannot have an end without a to beginning Riley throughout the years ?
tr	O	Knew it and welcomed it .
tr	O	Either way , I 'm coming back to Chapel Hill instead of Jersey .
tr	O	I turned away from the rod protruding from her wing scars .
tr	O	She crawled to the window and noticed the flashlights of the police as they roamed the neighbors ' yard .
tr	I	' The is fragrance incredible . '
tr	O	I made a mistake .
tr	O	Garth had got to his feet to stumble off to another tree , he stood leaning against it under some low hanging branches .
tr	O	Her only regret was that she had worn her leather boots and not borrowed a pair of Wellingtons .
tr	O	I was almost to her when a flicker of fear finally registered in her eyes .
tr	O	Michaela was attached to her Smartphone ; she didn 't share it with her mom .
tr	O	A camera hidden in the bookshelves recorded everything .
tr	I	Its body carried white stripes ran which horizontally through its short black fur .
tr	O	It was definitely beautiful here .
tr	O	Her eyes locked with mine and she blushed slightly .
tr	O	But that was not his choice to make ; he had made one choice , and sacrificed all the others .
tr	I	I expect the townsfolk are too poor to pay the for upkeep of the walls . '
tr	I	' Would you like to in come ? '
tr	I	Several months ago he had almost lost her and the look on his face showed he hadn still 't forgiven himself .
tr	O	Such a scandal as this wil substantial y hinder our chances of matrimony , even without her actual attendance .
tr	O	Her face still etched with worry , but it was unmistakable ; Ally had come to watch the events unfold .
tr	I	The entire arrangement wobbled horrendously , and he gaped at the bouncing , clattering items the on tray .
tr	O	He wished she were on his side .
tr	O	You waited seventeen hundred years for the Queen you wanted to serve .
tr	O	Look , even if they aren 't planning to kill you , they know things they 're not telling you .
tr	O	Gene 's thoughts turned to Tisha .
tr	I	He gulped at the warm air , coughing at the cold ache in his lungs and shivering sodden in clothing .
tr	O	It didn 't come .
tr	I	A sick feeling her gripped .
tr	O	I could even imagine the passing scenes outside , the deer looking up in fright as the monstrous machine bolted by in the darkness .
tr	O	He took her inside the building , and ... and he made us stand outside and keep watch .
tr	I	I had not wanted to admit this , even to them , because employee matters at Slide with were Clyde supposed to be private .
tr	I	He heaved himself up so she flopped onto her and back he was leaning over her , bristling with dominating aggression .
tr	I	But the cold , watchful feeling lingered as I stuffed my hands into my pockets hoodie and hurried to catch up with the others .
tr	O	The view from the balcony was breathtaking .
tr	O	' Yes , one to do the tuning , and the other to tell them how terribly wrong they 're doing it .
tr	I	That call had been sometime early in June .
tr	O	She rode back to the village and ordered flowers for her mother .
tr	O	The corner of his mouth curved into a one sided grin .
tr	O	She blinked , trying to keep up with him but why would Jack need an intern ?
tr	O	When one of the Forest appears and tells you to fall back , retreat as quickly as possible to set up a defense line .
tr	O	In a few short hours , I 'll be on my plane , heading to California to be with Ellery .
tr	O	He became more and more relaxed , and by the time she had finished and sat up he was fast asleep .
tr	I	Raoul down sat , aghast and unsure of what to do .
tr	O	The lid opened and the front lay down to reveal the insides .
tr	O	I bottled them up , shut them away and locked everything tightly inside of me .
tr	I	But more than anything , I wanted to tell to someone call Race .
tr	O	She was getting on my nerves .
tr	O	But that is my point .
tr	O	It grew closer until Chuck could see the tractor cab as it pushed trees and underbrush out of its path .
tr	I	Borden for grabbed the check .
tr	I	SHIP : I have taught you about the classical Pandora her and box .
tr	I	My eyes flicked to sister my 's noticeably bare - and pale - cheeks .
tr	I	You 're the one who let Cassie Hobbes work the on Locke case .
tr	I	As they approached , she filled a bucket small , picked it up and trotted to the water 's edge .
tr	I	The girl at his side caught arm his , stopping Johnny 's headlong rush into certain suicide .
tr	O	The smell that rose off it , twisted something inside of me .
tr	O	Jo shook her head , pleased that sparks no longer flashed behind her eyes when she did so .
tr	O	He brought his hands up like he was holding a camera and took an imaginary picture .
tr	I	I am well guarded in ways you dream cannot of .
tr	I	Hugo held Sid in the by air the ankle .
tr	I	Jack 's last name Landry was .
tr	I	She a had gift for refusing to be surprised at any turn of events .
tr	I	' She claims that Lane Miss is your lover , ' Maria explained unsteadily .
tr	I	I can his ease pain .
tr	I	The clock over the fireplace chimed the half-hour as she leaned forward and stared at Mr. Harper 's hand as it lay up face on the table .
tr	O	Don 't mention any of your noble and revered fantasy writers !
tr	I	She 'd understood and sought reassure to .
tr	O	He was thankful the apartment was empty when he arrived home shortly after six .
tr	I	She blinked , realizing was it her purple backpack .
tr	O	The year I 'd been given to make my decision was almost up by then -- I had two months and a few days left .
tr	O	It came quite easily , not sticking to her finger or anything .
tr	I	I was thirteen when he 'd come first to visit with Logan in tow .
tr	O	My face felt warm , and my heart rate flew out of control .
tr	I	She dug in the purse and produced an unopened box of condoms , set them on table the beside the bed .
tr	I	He shuddered , the urge to take her in his arms and taste mouth her again , overwhelming .
tr	I	The air around us went bone dry , but a wall of water materialized to the stop fire .
tr	I	A knock on the startled door him .
tr	I	Thankful for my mom , for her heart , the for support I already knew she was going to give .
tr	O	I didn 't like that she had been able to hide this level of hatred from me all these years .
tr	O	He was inches from her body , his arms rising as his hands created a cage around her trembling form .
tr	I	His legs shook as he stood on one of the branches and started long the climb down .
tr	O	Then he patted the spot before it .
tr	O	Apparently , he was the only one with most of his food still on his plate .
tr	O	She glanced at her watch and realized that Nikki and Brianna were probably out on their normal Saturday morning run along the river .
tr	O	Something had gone wrong .
tr	O	Sarah 's brow wrinkled with thought .
tr	O	She favored him with a wry smile .
tr	O	He leant forward to grab a tissue from the box on the coffee table .
tr	I	Her clothing was streaked with dust and stains grass and she was embarrassingly aware that she reeked of horse .
tr	I	About two hours into the drive , they stopped at rest a area and lugged the laden basket to a wooden picnic table .
tr	O	Lavina sat forward in her chair .
tr	I	Yes , he gotten 'd the messages .
tr	O	He was inordinately irritated that she hadn 't been in her apartment , waiting for him .
tr	O	Worry formed on his face .
tr	O	It was an extremely hot day .
tr	I	Linking arms with her swain as to if establish her territorial rights and thus warn off any predatory females they walked off already deep in conversation .
tr	O	I had just opened my mouth to reply when some invisible force nearly yanked me off my feet , and I shrieked instead .
tr	I	Anna to attempted make eye contact with her .
tr	O	You may be content to sit here and pamper horses , but I want to do greater things , Dad !
tr	I	' No , ' Tiffany said .
tr	I	Kylie from looked one girl to the other .
tr	O	Why can 't everyone just love everyone else ?
tr	O	Trust me on this ; I can work it out .
tr	I	How about I order you for day the ?
tr	O	This wasn 't news to Ashley .
tr	I	I just can ... 't . '
tr	O	Or what if nothing happened ?
tr	O	A man 's voice called from the outer edges of his thoughts .
tr	I	No doubt , they were eager to dig into the food junk she normally wouldn 't allow .
tr	I	The was odor strong in the grove .
tr	O	He wondered what time it was as he glanced at the dimly lit sky .
tr	I	When I finally get out of bed , the only thing want I to do is to go straight to Amy and demand her forgiveness .
tr	I	All of the lockers were slightly open and had the lock combinations written on a piece paper of taped to the back of each locker door .
tr	O	I want to shriek through the sky , I want to fall to my knees and sob into the earth .
tr	I	Call her The Sea Empress , for , through her , I will rule over an Empire of Sea The ! '
tr	I	Deb said reaching her hand out to Jeff and rubbing shin her while aiming a piercing look at Sera .
tr	I	It wasn 't of much a park , really .
tr	I	He pushed her blouse from her shoulders , tossing it aside in the of heat the moment .
tr	O	He pulled loose the strings binding the gown together , while she held her long vibrant hair back .
tr	O	Jared nodded and the man turned round with Jared and in a loud voice barked .
tr	I	His voice did not have quite the firmness it had had earlier , if as he wasn 't sure I would obey .
tr	I	Robert her grabbed arm .
tr	I	The room was obviously rigged with things , like drawers and air jets , so it wasn completely 't sealed , which was great news .
tr	I	It wasn 't the slope of the green ; was it the grain .
tr	O	Was that why he had kissed her ?
tr	O	She stared steadily , her eyes so dull and empty that it made her elegant black outfit look like funerary wear .
tr	I	Her wrists were held in a hard grip ; she tried to pull away , then realized who restraining was her .
tr	O	She didn 't know that I 'd definitely noticed her yesterday eating at a deli across the street .
tr	I	Bod nodded and decided Scarlett that 's father was probably interested in imaginary things .
tr	I	She the grabbed tree for support .
tr	I	she complained , rising from quick a curtsy .
tr	I	He pulled even her closer , making the diplomas cut into her belly .
tr	I	The was tree up .
tr	I	Love stood motionless as the line dead went in his ear .
tr	O	Before this school semester had begun , his counselor had gone on and on about the importance of diversity .
tr	I	She looked at the who others were sitting there in stunned silence .
tr	I	There was no to one teach her .
tr	I	I don 't like way the the lines of his face transform , turn defeated .
tr	O	He displayed the first hint of nerves .
tr	I	The rose mountains to the south behind us .
tr	I	It was obviously a quality the men found in amusing the child .
tr	O	He would have , if he 'd thought it would help either one of them .
tr	I	She had just to make use any of good occasion .
tr	O	Hearing nothing of concern , she grabbed the fabric that she had hidden under the bed .
tr	O	They may or may not have all agreed with her stance against the Prime Minister , but many of them were all lawmen .
tr	O	Every intern Mr. Watson selected went on to gather even more clients .
tr	O	But how would it get here ?
tr	O	The idea was indeed interesting .
tr	O	She pulled it on and tied the sash into a loose knot .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure what was happening .
tr	O	His dismount is swift and it looks like he could have been riding his whole life .
tr	O	Her mind was fixated on the quarters and dimes Angie threw in a big jar on a shelf in her closet .
tr	I	And much of it pointed to Everett not being the nice guy 'd she believed .
tr	I	She knew she had given in him to .
tr	I	Pure adrenaline kept going me , but I was losing focus .
tr	O	That much is clear .
tr	O	He paused , ostensibly to scratch his nose , but mostly to emphasize his next word .
tr	I	He was too shocked speak to .
tr	O	Yet ... He turned slowly , tracking the dark shadow .
tr	O	Not even with the gunfire .
tr	O	A grave wasn 't where I wanted to imagine Jace .
tr	O	I made the mistake of bringing my eyes to his and he was staring at me again .
tr	O	A good job was nothing more than a play , Kat believed .
tr	O	The nymph was already reviving , pushing out little appendages from its muscular segments , like legs on a centipede .
tr	I	she said , with a bright , cheerful voice that she wasn definitely 't feeling inside .
tr	O	It was through sheer force of will that she was able to remain upright to tend to Graeme .
tr	I	There was a long silence on end her .
tr	O	Shortly after Durham left , there came another knock at the door .
tr	O	Look , there 's not much more I. . .
tr	O	I 'm not worried .
tr	O	I start to breathe hard and push harder and tougher against the rock to squeeze through .
tr	O	The tools would make work easier and more productive .
tr	O	Dante asks , walking to my side .
tr	I	I try to turn my head away the from voice .
tr	O	The two men untie Adel and lift him to his feet .
tr	I	Maggie 's were lips soft and decadent .
tr	I	If you recall , father and Uncle Bernard , their father , had a business together and we next lived door to each other .
tr	O	Stunned at what she had just witnessed and fearing the worst , Janet climbed out of the plane , with Buster at her heels .
tr	O	Damned guy deserved it for parking on top of the Fiat .
tr	O	The rest of the Shifter leaders watched in a mixture of surprise and unease .
tr	I	The rice powder tickled nose her again and this time , she wasn 't able to keep from sneezing .
tr	I	The doorbell rang and Edwina and both I reached it at the same time .
tr	I	Flour dusted his and trousers coated his hair .
tr	O	Luca didn 't know how to drive , but he did know a car was better than walking .
tr	I	He was silently watching fighters the .
tr	O	No fluke at all .
tr	I	His honor and pride would have demanded him to atone for his treatment of by her giving Mairi her greatest wish - to marry a Greek billionaire .
tr	I	There was another truck unloading more wooden crates , Vincent and pulled me toward the men who were loading the boxes onto the boats .
tr	O	Not just a garden like the ones folks in Gatlin grew their tomatoes in , out behind their swamp coolers .
tr	O	She placed a hand on his arm .
tr	I	She sensed that he was turning toward the door , taking aim in case whoever it managed was to break in .
tr	O	Physically tired , of course , but also tired of the whole crazy foolishness .
tr	O	The brakes squealed as the locomotive continued to slow down .
tr	I	They rolled down a hill into and a thorny bush .
tr	O	She went into the bathroom and saw what she hadn 't before ; empty spaces on the shelf where his toothbrush and shaving kit normally stood .
tr	O	She looked pretty good , and she even had almost a smile on her face .
tr	O	He wasn 't the kind of man a woman approached without an invitation .
tr	O	It didn 't matter that she was playing someone else and putting her own life on hold .
tr	I	I am told that little has changed there since left I .
tr	I	Then one day she left me running nipping when into the dry cleaners .
tr	O	Because she 'd had scotch with her roommate at school , she was prepared for the distinctive taste and the burning sensation going down .
tr	O	Garn said swiftly , sipping at his wine as he cast a contemplative glance at Hal .
tr	I	She couldn 't see any visible signs of or swelling outward ruptures .
tr	I	In fact , hadn 't I just realized last night that I didn really 't care about the money at all ?
tr	I	Without hesitating , Nathan took control of all the troops at disposal his .
tr	I	Just think what you want and you it get .
tr	O	Get it over with .
tr	I	Mortal men came only ever to or challenge as captives , never as a willing victim .
tr	O	Zinnia moved forward and greeted them .
tr	O	She felt her breath coming out in spurts as he continued to drive deeper into her .
tr	I	He had seen and screwed beautiful women before , but she was altogether something special and enticing .
tr	O	She was excited about spending time with William and couldn 't wait for them to be alone .
tr	O	I wondered if she 'd been waiting for me to come up with one all along .
tr	I	Narrated side effects of small pills blue .
tr	O	Owls called out to us as we climbed the three creaking porch steps .
tr	I	As long as she didn 't see a hint of grief the , confusion and anxiety inside .
tr	O	She nodded , shifting in her seat , indicating the multi-line model sitting beside her atop the desk .
tr	I	If it was ever going to be made right , Anne would Marie need to reach out to the other woman .
tr	I	Timothy is grounded to his after room getting expelled , coming out only for meals and to use the restroom .
tr	I	I clench jaw my .
tr	O	To make the process of touch an instrument of deliberate pleasure was different .
tr	I	Kaitlyn nodded and kept the red hand of speedometer the quivering just below sixty miles per hour .
tr	I	It sense made that way -- for these legends to be stories .
tr	O	Last night Rose had also agreed to be his submissive .
tr	O	They skipped breakfast and started driving northwest .
tr	I	I inhaled , tasting the air ; it was sick and stale , tainted decay with .
tr	O	Thinking of that fool again made his blood boil .
tr	O	Their focus spreads in a wave until the entire mob is standing at attention .
tr	I	He sent his Oneness into the Rift , and it was immediately swallowed the by dark abyss .
tr	O	That 's part of my bargain .
tr	O	She stood there , staring up at him , realizing with a start that she wanted him to kiss her .
tr	I	Ken 't couldn grasp the concept .
tr	O	There was a rapid succession of loud pops , almost like gunshots , that sent kids screaming and diving under the refreshment table .
tr	I	From the acoustic guitars that lined the living room to the global artwork and photography of places he visited 'd that decorated the walls .
tr	I	I had tell to her that he got it for you .
tr	I	At least about the part of having someone else take care the of house .
tr	O	Thomas managed to bring his eyes up to meet hers .
tr	O	It opened into a massive cavern filled with pools of bubbling lava .
tr	I	She knew wouldn he 't care , but she wanted to appear her best for him .
tr	I	She carefully set down the duffel bag and knelt to rifle it through .
tr	I	Julian focused Andre on .
tr	I	But what I want is ... I just want to kill that bastard one-eyed .
tr	O	Andrea kept her seat .
tr	O	Sawyer 's voice broke me from my bizarre thoughts .
tr	I	Perhaps dreams were closer to films in nature than he realised , with the improbable becoming the norm and the most obvious solution rarely correct the one .
tr	I	She 'd always known how to get going him .
tr	I	She about thought it .
tr	I	Did the passing of the weeks mean so little to him now that he had completely lost track the of date ?
tr	O	As the day progresses , I 'm starting to see what he 's doing .
tr	I	I barely heard the sound of talking , although I sensed I wasn 't now alone .
tr	I	She 'd be waving ... She 'd be waving and I know 'd who she was . '
tr	O	She apparently didn 't , because she continued .
tr	I	I did not speak great any words of intensity and feeling .
tr	I	Then he snapped his eyes and open kicked his horse into a gallop .
tr	O	I hear the baby crying in the background .
tr	I	That 't hadn happened in a long time .
tr	O	He leaned in , closing my newly gained distance .
tr	I	You 've how seen quickly I heal .
tr	I	What is Gandalf to up ?
tr	I	Raoul propelled Christine the up stairs to the second story .
tr	I	He smiled and pulled away from kiss the with intention burning in his eyes .
tr	O	We 're going to burn it out between here and the Valley .
tr	I	Their hearts rage as they eye One placing exotic eats and tropical treats the on glass sheet below their bare elevated feet .
tr	I	I couldn 't at look the stage .
tr	O	I stared like a madman .
tr	O	Who was this kid ?
tr	O	Travis took another hit off the joint .
tr	O	His eyes were far away and I could tell he was lost in the memory of that day .
tr	O	Royce wondered what her legs looked like under the black yoga pants she wore .
tr	O	The French accent cut through her nerves like a chain saw .
tr	O	Garn took another step closer until the two mages were mere feet apart .
tr	I	I think I 've been dozing off from time to all time night .
tr	O	I stabbed it again .
tr	I	The water and rain had taken their on toll Thomas , he was shivering and feverish .
tr	I	We expect every government in the world had coping difficulty with it .
tr	I	A second later , was it so hot around that Sebastian couldn 't breathe , because the air was biting his throat .
tr	I	She had written this for song their wedding .
tr	I	The walls and ceiling had on scratches them like someone had gone around ripping things off until only the wood was revealed .
tr	O	I jumped out the window and landed on my feet on the concrete drive way below .
tr	I	I try not to listen in , but I 'm like a that radio picks up a lot of signals .
tr	I	She wasn 't in headphones was and even managing to smile behind her sunglasses .
tr	O	Their one night together did not mean anything more than what it was .
tr	O	We 'll finally have the whole dome .
tr	O	The grate was locked , and no one had a key .
tr	I	He her freed , intent on his plans .
tr	I	The next page could hold his back passport to reality .
tr	O	Sure , he 'd been invited to dinner by women at their place , but never his .
tr	O	I reach for my tank top .
tr	I	The bell rang too all soon .
tr	I	I could see two kids the on ground , one screaming , one simply doubled over in a fetal position , shaking .
tr	I	Clay blew a out long breath .
tr	I	The one place I thought I would be able to escape wasn 't enough strong to take my mind off the pain .
tr	O	I saw what people did to each other .
tr	I	She could also feel his pain , the struggle constant he had been going through since she had been taken .
tr	I	But this beautiful reality I found myself was in laced with that other thing .
tr	O	How many low points can one career have ?
tr	O	There were no doors , dents in the front , and a smell that reminded Verne of a dried up starfish .
tr	I	Would be I welcomed by a loving family ?
tr	I	After she survived freaking a house fire !
tr	I	Larry looked up at her mother , wonder wide-eyed in her gaze .
tr	O	When our claws came out , even Nate backed away a little .
tr	O	He keyed in the coded number .
tr	I	She looked Alexander at .
tr	I	A trim , at least , wouldn 't cost all that much , she and desperately needed one .
tr	O	With Bart , he wouldn 't have to give anything .
tr	I	Some of backed them away .
tr	O	The breasts were cosmetically enhanced according to those who professed to know about such things .
tr	O	As her father approached , she could see he was hesitant .
tr	O	He reached out and grasped her hand .
tr	O	I fastened the Velcro a little tighter around his neck than need be .
tr	I	Apart from the City of the Robots I have other several matters that I want to talk to him about .
tr	O	How is it I hear you ?
tr	I	It was a celebration , and were we all part of it .
tr	O	Molly came quickly back down the stairs looking for Amy .
tr	I	I smile at him , and he gives me a grin huge .
tr	O	The more she came back to herself , the more mortified she looked .
tr	I	She wondered what she could possibly have to said anger him .
tr	O	Anne hastily packed a bag for Alexandra , as she knew her father , Tom , would arrive any minute to pick her up .
tr	I	Well , those days were obviously long past , but she couldn 't stop herself from moving through the crowd wall-to-wall of people .
tr	I	The fields tulip were long past blooming but the countryside was still beautiful .
tr	O	Her gut tightened with apprehension .
tr	I	Not even knife a .
tr	I	It seemed only fair I that 'd check in with Luc before leaving campus , even though he 'd given me permission the night before .
tr	I	The office was one long chamber , with a pair of up desks in the front , pushed up against opposing wooden walls .
tr	I	She now used this to knowledge smash the forces of the Stone City and send them fleeing for their lives and flee they did .
tr	O	Vlad was kicking me out ?
tr	O	You want this story badly , and you will do almost anything to get it .
tr	O	They agree that the first place that needs to be quarantined and decontaminated is the lab facility .
tr	I	I ask , taking another of bite cheesecake .
tr	O	Jean-Marie knew him better than most , and from her tone he could tell that she 'd read the earlier lie .
tr	I	Don 't back look , she told herself .
tr	I	I can 't say I smelled the corpse ; I didn 't want to myself give that thrill .
tr	O	' Not to attack us ? '
tr	I	There was something unstable just under the surface this of girl .
tr	O	With a quiet crackle , the garbage bag fel away when he grabbed it but the kid held on to what was in - Oh my God .
tr	I	There are so many ugly around buildings .
tr	O	She hit him with it .
tr	O	They are currently in the capital as we speak .
tr	I	This caused people on the bus to scream some more those and off the bus to yell in protest .
tr	O	And he was gone .
tr	I	The cigarette machine in was the corner , exactly where it should be .
tr	I	And ... to remember time another .
tr	O	Her laughter instantly stopped and she was mortified someone knew she was in the secluded cave and most likely knew what she was doing .
tr	I	She walked immediately back and glanced in .
tr	O	She leaned down and kissed him .
tr	O	What woke him up was the sound of knocking on the door .
tr	I	It was all part and parcel of being Ty 's Grady partner .
tr	I	His thumb brushed her lower lip , the small bruise discoloring the side her of mouth .
tr	I	When bodies the were covered and the ground over the plots replaced and disguised , Bo said a few words over them .
tr	O	I would like all of you to get on your knees .
tr	I	You don 't understand about what home a is .
tr	O	He was considering asking Quarles for the replacement of his personal funds when the man handed him an envelope .
tr	I	' I asked who you were , ' she again said .
tr	O	To make a vow is the same as making a commitment to fulfill one 's responsibility .
tr	I	His lips hers caressed .
tr	I	Instead , he let the hunter creep up on him , then grabbed guy the by the throat and shoved him against a cinderblock wall .
tr	O	He was holding her tight .
tr	O	She folded her arms over her head , wishing they were a pillow she could just hide under .
tr	I	Adrian rolls eyes his .
tr	I	We received your transmissions and we understand the risk we face all .
tr	I	Maybe the old woman would help him if he gave her back blue the coins .
tr	O	I folded up my maps and left the café .
tr	O	He hurt my brother .
tr	O	Jack 's fist slammed into the glass , shattering it .
tr	I	He dressed his tall , lean frame in leather black pants and an open white shirt .
tr	I	Guess some my of natural reserve couldn 't be banished .
tr	I	You know , 've I had plenty of time , before we moved here , to consider stuff like this .
tr	O	Tears pooled in Savannah 's eyes when a student in the second row raised her hand up to the sky , head back , eyes closed .
tr	O	When one of the nurses bolted , he tipped his head to indicate he wanted to talk to them out of the room .
tr	O	He ran at it again and again , trying to break through .
tr	I	There another was long silence punctuated by his intense scrutiny .
tr	O	He picked a backpack from the ground and threw it in .
tr	O	She swallowed a bottle of pills and died last Friday .
tr	I	Faith eyed the slate sky overhead and felt the sting of ice-cold rain patter against face her .
tr	O	Once a liar , always a liar .
tr	I	He looked again at screen the .
tr	O	Tying her long copper colored hair into a ponytail , she slowly sat down beside my good leg .
tr	I	When you weren 't showing interest , she moved on over and into climbed my lap .
tr	O	Then he straightened and adjusted his tie .
tr	I	Instinctively he would be looking six off feet the ground .
tr	O	It was not successful .
tr	I	In his spare time did he a lot of open source coding .
tr	I	What had it replaced was far more threatening , with a red sky above offset by a dark purple and rocky landscape below .
tr	O	The guard leapt out with his hands , grabbing Akane 's throat and squeezing .
tr	O	Her lower lip quivered .
tr	O	The checks will be in the mail .
tr	O	I felt like I was floating in a bubble .
tr	O	She wore that guise I 'd heard reports of , the bookish - yet sexy - brunette .
tr	I	She rushed to the window as her body screamed get to back in the bed .
tr	O	He disarmed Holly , but he had to cut the goblin 's hand to do it .
tr	O	He sounded pathetic , and Ridley wasn 't in the mood for his sob story .
tr	I	He me flipped onto my back and opened his mouth to mine .
tr	O	It was official : Mike would continue to be reckless , even when faced with death .
tr	O	The second is to choose to try to kill me again .
tr	I	Will asks with grin a .
tr	I	Several marksmen their raised weapons obediently .
tr	I	The acid spit that lingered higher up the struck scales around the monster 's maw .
tr	I	There no was sign of Olive .
tr	I	As he to continues worship my body , I move my mouth to whisper in his ear .
tr	I	She couldn 't be , she was on the and run wanted and not just by your ordinary police either .
tr	I	My heart seemed to be pounding my in ears .
tr	O	He carried her screaming and squealing out to the car and strapped her into her car seat .
tr	I	She even went down to the quay with to him see it before midday .
tr	I	She Alisha and and Jess had agreed on a story that was partly the truth .
tr	O	His mouth had merely twitched .
tr	O	I suppose I was so upset and surrounded by so much else going on that I couldn 't think straight .
tr	O	I grabbed a Solo cup I didn 't plan on drinking from and joined the guys from tennis in the backyard .
tr	I	Any form of balance we 'd developed time over completely disappeared .
tr	I	As Floyd studied cards her , Ridley gave her a nudge with her powers .
tr	I	Whitney fell silent , and Danni resisted the urge laugh to .
tr	I	The lesson be must over .
tr	O	Her chest heaved , her breathing uneven .
tr	O	Steele would want a firsthand accounting of the situation his wife was walking into .
tr	O	Ethan showed Alice his handheld , and her smile grew knowingly .
tr	O	Even now neither took a step back , prompting both warriors to continue their ascent into the sky without breaking motion of attack .
tr	O	She froze in fear .
tr	O	Ashley decided to bunk with me tonight and we couldn 't have had more fun .
tr	I	I swat his after rump but he runs on ahead .
tr	I	Maury 's relatives got there .
tr	O	The Prince has believed you to be the real threat , not me .
tr	I	The word struck a chord deep , deep her inside .
tr	I	A dozen of them , and they were still coming out of the woodwork , grabbing her , keeping from her moving .
tr	I	Whatever sliver of had softness crept into Agent Sterling 's expression disappeared now .
tr	I	Albert Elizabeth spotted in three pictures .
tr	O	Maybe a fire exit , maybe a loading dock .
tr	I	What had she for sacrificed him ?
tr	O	And his hands are still steady , Pete thought , accepting the meat .
tr	O	Then they entered the building .
tr	I	His voice reverberated , low and enticing he as took a small step toward me .
tr	I	Black Marks ink twined his slim arms .
tr	I	She 'd never looked untouchable more than she did at this moment .
tr	O	Rafe and Sara wouldn 't participate in the actual bust ; they 'd be monitoring the situation from a nearby truck set up with surveillance equipment .
tr	I	Besides , if he got rid of her now , he could get to back the real business he had intended for this evening .
tr	I	Now 's let get the food ready for tonight !
tr	I	He said , ' I only feel ashamed that it took outsider an , that I didn 't have the courage . '
tr	O	Riley 's apartment was on the second floor of a complex overlooking Sinclair Inlet .
tr	I	Given the obvious time , trouble , and energy she 'd put into her appearance , I imagined the lint would bother more her .
tr	O	Callum , holding her hands in his , felt her start and her head turned slightly as the male whispered something in her ear .
tr	I	But knew Faye exactly what it meant .
tr	I	' Yeah , if they get a of copy the single , ' Danny said .
tr	I	He was a disappointed little .
tr	O	Jacob 's face hardened .
tr	O	They understood life only in two dimensions .
tr	I	I snapped my fingers and pointed her at .
tr	I	Lana clapped hands her and reached for me .
tr	O	I was over it and everything happens for a reason .
tr	I	He track would its progress .
tr	I	A thick tendril lurched toward Tynan if as seeking prey .
tr	O	She could see it in his face that he recalled the name .
tr	O	Apparently she was afraid he 'd argue with her and was gone before he had a chance to tell her to take her time .
tr	O	he cried in a loud commanding voice .
tr	I	I don 't know why I thought they take 'd me in .
tr	I	She wasn truly 't looking to hurt Ryan ; she just wanted to look out for Sam .
tr	I	I just came from most the bizarre adventure .
tr	I	It would okay be .
tr	O	Maybe Grayson felt the jolt too .
tr	O	Throughout a man 's teens and early twenties , a thin and often toned body is most noticeable .
tr	O	He told Stuart everything .
tr	O	Those demons would never leave me , and no matter what happened , all that she 'd taught me would stay with me forever .
tr	O	I think about our cabin .
tr	O	It was getting late in the day as she neared her campsite .
tr	O	Bain doing this made me think that perhaps somewhere his new bride was grinning too .
tr	O	Her father didn 't buy her gifts , and she wasn 't much of a shopper .
tr	O	Lines of impatience appeared on his forehead .
tr	I	Then she stood there and into stared my eyes .
tr	O	Almost from the day of her diagnosis , John began to act as if she didn 't exist .
tr	O	And again leaves his mouth open .
tr	I	Everybody knows I don 't do stories celebrity , but Marcella Wilson 's more than a celebrity .
tr	O	Case opened the door , recognizing Pastor Edwin Roberts from First Baptist Church .
tr	O	A sad smile appeared on Brother Maxwell 's lips .
tr	O	It increases the Japanese 's survivability ratio and allows the South Americans a chance they wouldn 't otherwise have considering their limited resources .
tr	I	My has back none of it though !
tr	O	He 'd never allowed himself to let anyone as close as he wanted Fiona to be .
tr	O	You were absolutely heartless .
tr	O	Tears spilled from her eyes , his vow spoken like a solemn promise that he would rather die than break .
tr	O	But Vic beat me to it , and when I saw what he was carrying , my eyes went wide .
tr	O	As soon as Simon pulled away from the curb , Jenna grabbed my hand .
tr	I	One thumb brushed gently tears from her cheek .
tr	I	' Hobbits , you if please , lord , ' said Pippin .
tr	I	The airship , low to the waves , drew nearer , revealing itself in the dim of light night .
tr	O	' Then we 'll work with what you 've got .
tr	O	Morgan wordlessly stared her down as a golden luminescence spilled from his eyes .
tr	I	You 've been in this industry for a couple of years already , haven you 't ?
tr	O	He didn 't want to accidentally say or do something that could have her walls crumbling down .
tr	O	Seriously , and your teeth are covered in black specks now .
tr	I	I for apologize the mistreatment early on today .
tr	I	Hooking her hair behind her ears , she went to the and window pulled the curtain aside .
tr	I	Cornelius slowly walked to the cliff 's edge .
tr	I	' What did you think Dryden was going to to do the old man ? '
tr	I	I blushed as I removing started my top .
tr	O	The question caught me by surprise , but in retrospect I really should 've expected it .
tr	O	The hatch clicked and swung open .
tr	I	But as Violet pointed out how old was I , my fear of having a boyfriend seemed immature .
tr	O	His voice echoed through the hall .
tr	O	And she thought he fit perfectly .
tr	O	Shane was being held in contempt for not showing up to court on Friday morning .
tr	I	It is obvious that I failed discern to your true feelings .
tr	O	Exhaustion made her clumsy , so she didn 't sweep across the room as elegantly as she would have liked .
tr	I	Things may happen , loves may come and then lost be , but home is where they 'll always welcome ye back .
tr	O	The breeze from the lake is fresh and clean this morning , blowing gently against our faces .
tr	O	It wasn 't the first recommendation for Alias Arena he 'd heard today .
tr	I	Unfortunately , light her tone had no effect .
tr	I	His coat flapped unfastened , and he 'd forgotten hat his and gloves .
tr	I	It had even crossed my mind that it would be a lot of fun to buy a dress wasn that 't on sale .
tr	O	Several times during the night I awoke to get up and scan the parking lot .
tr	O	When the silence began to stretch too thin and Ty was still staring at the floor , Zane sighed .
tr	I	I had my around arm her .
tr	I	Davis just stared for a minute , shut his mouth few a seconds past that and handed a bag over to me .
tr	O	They were rested as well as could be expected .
tr	I	Mom scurried back her to packing and Dad did the same .
tr	O	Cora stood tall on the inner wall , desperate to see if she 'd hit .
tr	I	There nothing was here .
tr	I	He doesn 't touch me and I shouldn 't but notice I do .
tr	I	She hasn made 't any calls and just sips at her water .
tr	O	The cowboy took the lantern from where it had been hanging and held it out toward the thicket of gloom .
tr	I	Lakin choked on his words , having watched the vision through contact his with me .
tr	O	They could hear branches and other debris striking the underside of their craft but they could feel themselves going up .
tr	O	It celebrated generations of graffiti artists now .
tr	I	That didn mean 't they weren 't gaining that fast .
tr	I	He was dressed in shorts , black socks , tennis shoes , and a Hawaiian flowered shirt .
tr	O	Mia planned to stay at least one free week in Wroclaw .
tr	I	She rose , stabbing her into trowel the new little plot .
tr	I	He shows where us the cap is for the septic tank .
tr	I	She tried smile to , but her heart was fluttering in her chest now , and not in a good way .
tr	I	She had given him the code alarm .
tr	O	I turn back for one last glance and lock eyes with the Mog .
tr	O	No one could tell us what to do .
tr	O	Chapter Twelve Dante 's father is home .
tr	I	The beam from the Chevy 's headlights across washed the asphalt .
tr	I	There was no Zayne way would know that .
tr	O	The mouth didn 't open when it spoke , but it quivered .
tr	I	She moved with him , letting him draw her the toward bed .
tr	I	Lea sighed her and nose wrinkled .
tr	O	She nodded warily , afraid to acknowledge the hope that was building in her heart .
tr	I	I know you took me to a cabin in the woods which I believe I found and where I heard your siblings over arguing me .
tr	I	When I was a kid , Callum taught me how to hide fear my .
tr	O	The same paint covered the walls .
tr	I	He was the one was who supposed to act properly .
tr	I	Dear Ms. Duncan , Thank you your for recent submission .
tr	O	But McBride clung grimly to him .
tr	I	Carly and I are going to be a little late the for dinner .
tr	I	Your servants well as .
tr	O	She reached the gilded gate and passed several more guards as she entered the off-limits area , the Court of Flames .
tr	O	He gestured to her , and she sat on the cot , staring up at him .
tr	I	I paused after a few light to touches her soft , fragrant skin .
tr	I	She didn 't or move reply .
tr	O	I almost laughed but stopped myself soon enough to make it sound more like a gasp .
tr	I	he asked , thinking about all the he things thought were right about her .
tr	O	The stationary faces stay stationed .
tr	I	He wondered much how time the brothers had spent apart from each other as children .
tr	O	And pick the flesh from my bones , as he 'd said .
tr	I	Not in available all states .
tr	I	the yelled nurse to him .
tr	I	Then Elec them saw .
tr	I	I am not afraid , but the sensation is like afraid being .
tr	O	His actions didn 't recommend him as a volunteer , but I thought I understood why he wanted to fight .
tr	I	His laughter vanished in instant an as she shed the bindings from her arms and dropped them to the floor .
tr	I	That way , when they wanted to quote something that didn 't make sense , they just had to for reach one of his plays . )
tr	O	He seemed to be levitating , the cuffs of his pants hanging empty a few inches above the floor .
tr	O	I pat his arm as he puts me down .
tr	O	Abby leaned her head back and closed her eyes .
tr	I	When the kept noise going he said , ' We 'll have to give them more . '
tr	I	My heart is breaking for him , but have I no clue how to help him right now .
tr	O	The feverish screams from outside tear us from this horror .
tr	O	By whose laws should they live ?
tr	O	She is still breathing , but her face is disfigured by a mask of blood .
tr	O	A pentagram slightly crooked .
tr	O	As far as the eye could see , was nothing more than flat fields with yellowish grass and tall reeds .
tr	I	He didn 't even a take moment to think .
tr	O	She asked Mark about his early life - where he was from , if he had family .
tr	O	Once inside she steered me to the couch and left me there for a moment , coming back almost immediately with the last of our tequila .
tr	I	Even though had we been in the Glen only a couple of weeks it had raised our spirits .
tr	O	How many other facts haven 't you told him ?
tr	O	Thoughts of him and Simone entwined in bliss .
tr	I	I stared at the scene before in me growing fear .
tr	I	... As Liam reentered the ballroom , he Lorelei spotted standing by the dance floor .
tr	I	The truck followed , inches away from the police car 's bumper picked and up speed along the track .
tr	O	I thought everything was perfect .
tr	O	A silence she 'd become used to .
tr	O	His jawline was strong , his arms muscled , but his clean , crisp manner made it unlikely that he was one of the college jocks .
tr	O	I was going to have to go over there so Della could go back to enjoying herself .
tr	I	It was the third time this month her dad had they said would go and try it out .
tr	I	He was delighted she that saw it too .
tr	I	I loved warm how he was .
tr	O	Michael 's breath had caught in his throat , and he almost coughed to get it loose .
tr	I	I did a quick turn the through house to make sure Doug hadn 't quietly returned .
tr	O	As we exited the tunnel and made for the campsite , we were spotted by a group of children playing on the outskirts .
tr	I	Twisting his head and harder pushing into my mouth , he let his fingers and thumbs drag distractingly over my neck and chest .
tr	O	Beverly called back an hour later , as if she 'd forgotten something .
tr	I	Someone had a made threat against my life , and I was in an FBI Agent 's car about to be taken to East Lake Police Station .
tr	I	She had often nightmares .
tr	O	She laughed and ran her fingers through her hair , twisting a strand around and around .
tr	O	We didn 't know it then , but their father when he drank was extremely violent .
tr	I	He 'd that liked window since I could remember .
tr	I	God had a hand that in .
tr	I	Vanessa brought damaged the sports car to a stop in front of the house .
tr	O	On three : one ... two ... three !
tr	O	He flashed a cheeky smile .
tr	I	It the carried warmth and scent of his body .
tr	O	He knew exactly how to throw her and keep her off balance .
tr	O	A pair of black jeans and a pair of dark blue jeans .
tr	I	I 'm guessing it thinks 's it pointed at itself or something .
tr	O	He limped forward a few steps but was halted by the sound of several beasts snarling nearby .
tr	O	Especially with the wingspan he had on his back .
tr	I	Think of people the we employ .
tr	O	Annabelle swallowed back her sobs and forced herself to walk away .
tr	O	Would she be hot and wet for him ?
tr	O	What had I been thinking ?
tr	O	We were so utterly connected .
tr	O	Although I do share the same concerns as you , I know that I must step aside and let her do as she will .
tr	I	Isaac looked up at the wall snow of , rock and ice that stood between us and the upper snow slope twenty feet higher .
tr	I	The kid didn 't fit The Punisher 's in profile her opinion .
tr	O	The problem is that I wanted to be with you forever .
tr	O	Leif was one thing I had to deal with .
tr	I	Hiroshima an was unknown .
tr	I	All I wanted was tiny a part .
tr	O	He was standing in the bedroom doorway and this time , thankfully , he had the towel wrapped around his waist .
tr	O	I recollected my threat and resolved that it should be accomplished .
tr	I	It was quite unnerving to be stared at by at least pairs fifty of wooden eyes .
tr	O	At last , he clutched at his head and at his ears .
tr	O	I mean , not exactly like you ... but I think Dorian gets off on redheads .
tr	I	He looked down , confused for a second and when he looked back at me I was waving his at magazine him .
tr	I	Marat diary 's goes on for six more years , but he never goes north again .
tr	I	It was filled with cots and lanterns hanging .
tr	I	In a life I 'm not sure I want , yet I 't can seem to figure out how to change it .
tr	I	Then he grabs a valise and sorts what appears to be chemistry a set .
tr	I	The man wasn 't a talker , but that would probably be a good thing when met he my parents .
tr	O	She maintained a meticulous timeline which was enhanced each time Rei produced a fact or date .
tr	I	Notice that I 'd even to begun pick up some semblance of good manners ?
tr	O	This wasn 't like that .
tr	I	She had planned the wedding to be late enough so people that would already have had dinner .
tr	O	I stare at the picture of Sean .
tr	I	He took a quick breath and fluidly swung around the corner , taking giant moves until forward the man looked up .
tr	I	Most of had them long hair too and wore it down , for brushing it would calm them , it was believed .
tr	O	You 've got to be tall to be properly spooky .
tr	I	Satisfied that it was a decent stick , he looked back the at kid .
tr	I	Shelton reaches over the fence and lifts Adam under his arms , high up in the air and then to quickly the ground .
tr	O	Others would come after you .
tr	I	That 't wasn an option .
tr	I	When he gave her the before papers leaving Washington , Abbott must have suspected it .
tr	I	His eyebrows pinched together , tears filling his as eyes he let go of my arm .
tr	O	He was standing there , just as she 'd seen him last , twelve years ago .
tr	I	He cleared throat his and started to speak .
tr	I	Her were eyes afire with anger .
tr	I	And I will you torture for eternity .
tr	I	Alice walked into the living and in stood front of them .
tr	I	Tavi shook head his .
tr	O	She opened Aubrey 's door and winced when a loud screech followed .
tr	O	' How long will you be gone ? '
tr	O	When I took the bracelet out of the box to better study it , I saw that each charm was separated with a diamond encrusted pink spacer .
tr	I	Her heart lurched back into and motion she dragged oxygen into her deprived lungs .
tr	I	To make things worse , my was playmate out of reach .
tr	I	No really one knew when it happened .
tr	I	But what new was ?
tr	I	She picked her up sandwich again .
tr	O	Someone caught her from behind , jerking her backward against a hard chest .
tr	I	From his balcony he watched children on the street below Saturday playing morning tag .
tr	I	I where looked he 'd touched and , yes , I was trembling violently .
tr	O	She wasn 't just pushing him for her sake , but his as well .
tr	I	I opened the to door that dark room to let in more light , went in and looked for Susan and David .
tr	O	She wrapped her arms around his neck , holding onto him .
tr	O	You 'll wake up in the morning for the sole purpose of murdering something and you will usually go to bed having accomplished that task .
tr	I	I asked , promising to myself get the rest of that story out of him later .
tr	I	I just hope the senator doesn ´ t a take day off or anything like that .
tr	I	' I am an reader avid .
tr	O	She 's only seen photographs of me and read a lot of exciting stories .
tr	I	In a few moments stopped she thinking and was dreaming instead .
tr	I	Her words were the not ones he wanted to hear .
tr	O	I have some errands I need to attend to this morning .
tr	O	Only one public event was scheduled .
tr	I	She held ground her and stare back .
tr	I	The door was red painted with a big brass knocker .
tr	O	Across from her , Jordan chuckled and patted the seat beside him .
tr	O	He walked into the smoker 's section and he lit up another cigarette .
tr	I	I haven 't Van seen 's blanket in a very long time .
tr	O	They obeyed , but Jake kept half an eye behind him .
tr	I	After last night , the confusion and pain of those words cut the ground from under me and left a chasm at the pit of stomach my .
tr	I	She turned and went to back her room .
tr	O	Don 't matter the species .
tr	O	Today he couldn 't see past the chasm between them .
tr	I	' That 's what we aiming 're for . '
tr	I	I needed drink a .
tr	O	He had been unaware that anyone else was there .
tr	I	I won pretend 't or resist .
tr	O	Dylan shot Sean a concerned look .
tr	I	Instinctively , she hooked her calf over his , fearful he be would coming to his senses any time now , and would try to pull away .
tr	O	The little dark-haired girl I saw in my dreams last night was Christian 's cousin .
tr	I	I smiled at the thought of and him his buddies being subdued into nothingness .
tr	I	It 's all and mist fog . '
tr	O	The heavy curtains blocked the morning sun , and he could barely see Ty as he tossed and turned .
tr	I	' No it okay 's , ' Abe said .
tr	I	Knowing we what know now changes things .
tr	I	We drove slowly to avoid the meandering and pedestrians occasional horse and buggy .
tr	I	I my bring knee up and rest my arm on top of it , my forearm up .
tr	I	The demon inhabited of both them .
tr	O	Do I make myself clear ? '
tr	I	He didn 't happy look .
tr	I	I misted toward the ground troops that had just arrived to see if I could help them any in way .
tr	O	My lips parted on a swift inhale .
tr	O	He smiled , his teeth shockingly white in contrast to his black skin .
tr	I	He really wanted to give her a kiss , but Gwen put a stop to practically that pushing him out the door .
tr	I	Andy , show me schedule your .
tr	O	I looked at him as if seeing him for the first time .
tr	I	She pulled back , studied my face for a few pregnant moments , then and left .
tr	I	My fingers curled a little more closely hers around and I took a breath .
tr	I	She me tells everything .
tr	O	She rolled her eyes and sighed .
tr	I	Corey wagged his in fingers the air .
tr	I	Diana glanced at Cassie , as if to say , told I you .
tr	O	We 've been suffering since you arrived and we 'll be suffering long after you 're gone .
tr	I	That 't wasn me .
tr	O	Jeremy was still running and was far too close to miss .
tr	I	Tinkerbell had a little weep , her eyes grew pink round the rims , but her mascara was waterproof so it didn run 't .
tr	I	The wedding party and family sat around one , while the guests who were lucky enough to be residing the in castle flanked the other .
tr	I	Once I saw the face , felt I a security flow throughout me .
tr	O	Shree shook her head .
tr	O	You undermine every decision I make .
tr	O	I neglect to mention that when I catch a glimpse of her from across the room my heart still leaps in my chest .
tr	I	Sylvie asked , surprise faking .
tr	O	I shouted into the phone .
tr	O	Not a single Dragon took its natural form during the march , undoubtedly saving their energy for the task ahead .
tr	O	No words , just random letters and numbers .
tr	I	Helen displayed menacing a smile and proceeded to vigorously scratch his back .
tr	O	I lift my head and smile at him and see my grandma and Susan watching me closely .
tr	I	A large tall man appeared , the guy same from the kitchen .
tr	I	His immortality made it possible for us to have we what had .
tr	O	Mr. Eric didn 't say anything .
tr	I	Because then 'd he had to prove that she needed him .
tr	O	A Marine stood guard on the far side .
tr	O	Drew tried picturing himself squeezing past Runyon but decided the alley was too narrow .
tr	O	After years of celibacy , Luna deserved excellence , and providing that was his responsibility .
tr	O	After a year and a half , she was probably getting tired of me reacting so infantile every time Jack 's name came up in conversation .
tr	I	That wasn any 't kind of recommendation or guarantee .
tr	O	He ignored the great humming drone that suffused the ship , the lurching shudder of the ladder as he inched up it .
tr	O	So if it 's those qualities that attract you to Carol , look again .
tr	I	It faces with me an upright palm .
tr	I	David Morton adored the feel quaint of the town .
tr	I	She had never thought about before rape .
tr	I	I was a good liar , but this time , it really was hard to keep a straight face after what I 've been through .
tr	I	Nick walked up the stairs and into of one the rooms to change .
tr	I	I know he doesn 't have any sisters because his grandma said she has only one granddaughter and he already told me that his is cousin .
tr	I	I feel so out place of among these aristocrats , with their bank accounts and posh manners .
tr	I	Two other bodies have been reported so tonight we 'll get to yours when we have time .
tr	I	He seems impressed by security our system .
tr	I	That same night , a brick crashed through Hart front 's room window in his Grosvenor Square house .
tr	I	Undoubtedly enough times leave to a mark on the assailant 's knuckles .
tr	O	Or so she 'd thought .
tr	I	Peace stood alone in watch a turret of his majestic castle and surveyed his entire domain .
tr	O	Leif Montgomery actually appeared nervous .
tr	I	I could honestly say , I wasn 't sure really how much more of it I could take .
tr	I	That would be catastrophic , she and couldn 't allow that to happen .
tr	I	My skipped heart a beat .
tr	I	Spied on you every chance he got , hoping to find something condemn to you .
tr	O	He was all the more infuriated for understanding the sentiment , and for sharing it himself .
tr	I	Papers lay scattered the over floor and on the benches .
tr	O	But you are not him , it is true .
tr	I	He let go of and me turned with his back to the wall .
tr	O	There was a roaring in her ears , jackhammers pounding in her head .
tr	I	he asked , remembering he that had seen all of the Jarrod children working various jobs around the resort .
tr	I	I turned my attention to the exquisite woman seated still .
tr	O	She walked around the press area to the side of a small building and breathed in and out as slowly as she could muster .
tr	O	I made a frustrated sound .
tr	O	I shook my head and turned toward the door .
tr	O	He cleared his throat , hoping it sounded normal and didn 't show the emotional turmoil of his recent thoughts .
tr	O	He cleared his throat .
tr	O	Eddie mocked , swiping his ID card at the glass door to allow us back into the room with the giant water tank .
tr	O	He shook his head .
tr	O	Tess stared at her , then breathed in deep and sighed as if she 'd just tasted something wonderful .
tr	I	We had no trouble finding a restaurant and a took table shaded by a large umbrella .
tr	I	At least that what was Kennan called it .
tr	I	His daughter being only three years old , her mother took eventually control .
tr	O	Get an old Coca-Cola cooler too .
tr	I	No point even trying to figure out that .
tr	O	- I 'm better to going now -- Lucy stood up .
tr	I	Alexa fought back her own smile , especially since his was humor directed at her .
tr	O	I 'd held on to that , and for a brief time , I 'd been happy .
tr	O	Instead , I reached for his hand again .
tr	I	He steeled against himself her appeal .
tr	I	I can 't imagine ever wanting to relinquish right my to this .
tr	I	The words brought his back gaze to her face .
tr	I	She climaxed with him , her fingernails scoring shoulders his as she cried out with her own release .
tr	O	It paused a moment then closed itself again .
tr	I	They were late too .
tr	O	Alex took off toward a narrow path , caped over by leafless trees , and motioned for me to follow .
tr	I	The leaves were dark green , thick , and round the with moist appearance of a recent rain .
tr	O	All he could see in the low light was the intruder 's outline .
tr	O	If he can get us out of here , listen to him !
tr	O	For the moment , Alexia decided to fol ow the Templars ' lead and so ignored them in turn , eating her meal with gusto .
tr	I	A stiff nod , and then Riley was gone , the closing door behind him .
tr	O	You 're going to come live with me for a few days .
tr	I	Herr on 'D raised an eyebrow .
tr	I	A green head , a cross between a human 's and a dog 's , with long ears draping and wide , white eyes .
tr	O	He loses his cool .
tr	O	Ngozi leaned forward , still not taking the camera from Kalyani , but inspecting me with curiosity .
tr	I	The slow beat of pleasure began to pound her in veins , and her arms wound about his neck .
tr	I	Panting , sweating , Coulter propped himself back up on elbow one .
tr	I	Her grandmother sobs with into tears the handkerchief , too .
tr	I	In a rush of arms and legs , I stand up , my placing hand against the wall to steady myself .
tr	O	He thought little of Arjuna 's words .
tr	I	Detective Riley her spotted and frowned with displeasure .
tr	I	Got bit a greedy .
tr	O	I look out the window .
tr	O	He was getting agitated again .
tr	I	He sticks out his hand I and place mine in his .
tr	I	She looked at the ring and at then Johnnie .
tr	I	Well , that that ended idea .
tr	I	He had taken Joey to every park in a fifteen radius mile .
tr	O	Crista Galli stirred , tucked herself further under the quilt and resumed her even breathing .
tr	I	But he nods , resolute with plan this .
tr	O	Finding it indeed empty , he sighed and moved slowly out into the cold .
tr	O	Billy smirked and released me .
tr	I	Will go you out with me again ?
tr	I	It was a contest close .
tr	O	Too fucking right it was evil .
tr	I	A surge of guilt washed over me as I drank some water and watched him the exit cafeteria completely .
tr	O	He looked up , his jade eyes bright .
tr	I	I see you aren 't like that then -- he was smiling again .
tr	O	Just how am I supposed to ever make a living in a system like that ?
tr	O	Now , it was reversed .
tr	I	I at glanced the skyline above the rooftops while the unfamiliar roads unrolled before us .
tr	I	I watch as it paints the water running with its golden honey like colour .
tr	I	' Well , you know happened what .
tr	I	Jase grabbed my foot and repositioned it on knee his before continuing to forage for the glass .
tr	I	I won be 't here long .
tr	O	We had the window down and the weather was starting to get a lot warmer .
tr	O	His scent surrounded her .
tr	I	Is that not what was I trying to make it into ?
tr	I	Was Max the type of man to have a bed his on plane ?
tr	O	Thank God , they 'd found them .
tr	I	Was Jake 's only response as he treaded off towards the left horse behind for him ?
tr	O	And the mage was dangerous as well .
tr	I	There literally was nothing left .
tr	O	I saw his shadow cover the hole and I leaned in with a smile .
tr	I	' Or England , ' said Johnny .
tr	O	She did not say a word or cry .
tr	O	Daniel reached around the corner and fumbled for the light switch on the wall .
tr	I	For a long moment I wracked my brains , but I couldn 't remember if 'd I locked my room when I left .
tr	I	That not 's what the neighbor wanted , why would he ?
tr	O	His opinion wasn 't the one I cared about .
tr	I	An appalling thought popped his into mind .
tr	O	The girl had plenty enough to take aim with .
tr	I	I my wrinkled nose .
tr	I	Todd shrugged and slid Jordan 's off feet of the opposite seat .
tr	I	It was wrong the thing to say for Anna immediately stiffened and jerked herself out of his arms .
tr	O	At first the drink was unbearably bitter , but sweetened with plenty of sugar it became palatable .
tr	O	The tension was so thick I wasn 't sure if I should intervene or just let things play out .
tr	O	This quality of steadfast attentiveness had made me successful in my work .
tr	O	Manfred had not removed his rain poncho , and he scooped up the cat again .
tr	O	She struggled but couldn 't budge him ; his big hand held her firmly in place .
tr	O	Julie was watching as Mike made small circular motions on her belly with his fingers .
tr	O	They had ten days of holiday left and I spent every night with them sailing port to port and meeting loads of other people . '
tr	O	She was not abandoned .
tr	O	He shouldn 't take advantage of you .
tr	O	Suddenly , the future is a loaded gun , waiting for someone to pull the trigger .
tr	O	She searches me for a minute while I humble myself .
tr	O	Chapter 81 -- You Really had to be There ... My conversations with Agent Carter didn 't quite end that day .
tr	I	I read article an about the benefits of anticipation .
tr	I	Dominic asks , forward stepping .
tr	O	The light went on a second later .
tr	O	The cold must have weakened her body .
tr	I	I looked in wonder at Richard 's calloused feet , completely fine even though he walking was bare feet .
tr	I	The hovered vampire nearby now .
tr	O	He was rough , his own hunger too intense , too long denied , for him to control it .
tr	I	And she had perfect the plan to do it .
tr	O	Sean rotated his thumb over the button .
tr	O	At first I assumed it was a bottle of wine but when I gave it my full attention I was corrected .
tr	O	She cringed , at how patronising she sounded and added more soberly .
tr	I	' We don 't get to choose our endings , ' whispered Toby as commenced he the dragging .
tr	I	I my put head between my knees .
tr	O	I won 't have access to that power until we are joined .
tr	I	He reached to up stroke some of the hair away from my face .
tr	I	I usually tell people what need they to know through dreams .
tr	O	His instincts were useless when it came to her for some reason .
tr	I	Cale smiled wryly at greeting the .
tr	O	She coughed at the foul taste in her mouth .
tr	O	Rafe gave his father a hug , grateful for the rescue .
tr	I	CHAPTER SIXTEEN Sarah stood in the brushing barn Dan .
tr	I	When he bent mouth his to taste one tight nipple she swayed against him .
tr	O	With the rumor roiling my mind , I thought my legs would buckle before I could walk through the door into the Royal Council Chamber .
tr	I	The tall boy roared with laughter that was by echoed his friends .
tr	I	She stood there a minute , trying to think if she forgotten 'd anything .
tr	O	I understood Meghan 's fear now .
tr	O	Jeremy , with a smug look on his face , repeats himself .
tr	O	The sexy stranger 's table was in a wonderfully shadowed corner .
tr	O	A moment later , without further warning , he was in me , just as hard and long as I remembered .
tr	I	Will also stands , but the way he 's clapping , I 'm quite sure that no sound comes the from meeting of his hands .
tr	O	Considering the amount of power the woman had , touching her might be like staring into the eyes of Medusa .
tr	O	By all means , put it on .
tr	I	The back bedroom was small , but it held a queen size bed without any room for around walking it .
tr	I	As he slowly pushed the technician 's body to the side , he saw the frozen face of the last female science he officer had spoken to .
tr	I	With a groan , he shifted weight his .
tr	O	Kim hadn 't thought much about sex in the four years since her divorce , and she really didn 't need to start thinking about it now .
tr	O	Look , I only do it when I can 't get my pills soon enough , okay ?
tr	I	He was pretty certain Jessi had told the other two about what she heard 'd and about her theory .
tr	O	The physician said she had passed in her sleep from the fever that we both had fought against the whole week .
tr	I	Evie 's linked her arm tight through his and tries to keep the sorrow away , for few a more minutes anyway .
tr	O	He pulled back his head , lifted his wet nose to her hand , keeping himself in charge of this interaction .
tr	O	Shortly thereafter , Ellie took Mina and ducked into the tent .
tr	O	Reality and its problems brushed aside and replaced by the suggestion their dreams were a mere sniff away .
tr	O	As the legendary comedian put it , children have brain damage .
tr	O	Cole saw me coming and stepped toward me .
tr	O	The mesmerizing heat flared back on like floodlights , making her squirm .
tr	I	It only cracked in three places , moving not at all .
tr	O	She went completely soft and she turned her face up to stare into those intense blue eyes so like Callie 's .
tr	O	Fiona watches them through the kitchen window , her arms folded .
tr	I	She was at gazing it , with wide bright eyes .
tr	O	He saw a man in a white cap , sitting on a bench .
tr	O	Glancing at the front of her body , she frowned .
tr	O	After his last word , he gestured for Ryan to continue .
tr	O	We are going to have to run .
tr	O	Have you been wandering the streets of Edinburgh dressed as a gorilla ?
tr	O	I realized , Vic doesn 't know that fire could kill Maxie forever .
tr	O	Raine pushed from where she was perched and started to pace .
tr	I	It was oppressive , suffocating - so quiet that eventually it became a roar that drowned out everything else .
tr	I	What 's lost in girth is compensated aggression in .
tr	O	If I had been underwater for hours , then I should have drowned .
tr	O	It was spinal meningitis .
tr	I	he mocked , his lifting brows .
tr	I	If says Aiden he can train her and stil do his duties , then you have nothing to lose .
tr	I	It give 'll my client a chance to prove his case .
tr	I	Please say isn it 't true .
tr	O	I didn 't understand why she is the way she is .
tr	I	He her was new hero .
tr	O	Did all those years of devotion count for nothing because he wasn 't blond , young and arrogant ?
tr	I	Kenji his gave permission with a nod of his head and Arthur picked up and powered on the device .
tr	O	Apparently , Luke 's father hadn 't even bothered to stick around long enough to see to his children 's basic needs .
tr	O	I rang my sister and asked her to come over to my place ... without Mom .
tr	O	Panic was welling up in him .
tr	O	He thought about calling out - maybe she was in the bathroom - but he didn 't want to appear desperate .
tr	I	Rocking back on his haunches , Mason broke quickly down the rifle , placing each piece into its designated foam slot .
tr	I	Even the normally cacophonous frogs crickets and had gone strangely silent .
tr	O	She could only hope that he would follow through on his promise this time .
tr	I	It was frustrating trying to which remember passage led where .
tr	I	Above their heads , a dull glow tinged clouds the .
tr	I	She could have found any of men those attractive .
tr	I	Nick thought about admitting everything as he watched them walk away , Vane 's arm Abbey around .
tr	O	She wondered if she should discuss it with Mike first .
tr	O	He spiked it into the ground .
tr	O	How could she speak anything without betraying herself ?
tr	I	' We 're all born star under signs and the star sign for your birthday is Leo .
tr	I	Once there , played she with the car keys and glanced towards the house .
tr	I	If Doyle had been well , I have could simply called him to me , but I was afraid to call him .
tr	O	It should have been enough that he was helpless , restrained , and had the feeding tube he hated .
tr	O	' Me too , ' concurred Jemima , with an innocence that no one not in-the-know would ever have doubted .
tr	I	Being from ripped the land had devastated her .
tr	I	In the of middle the ledge is a patch of grass and a tree .
tr	O	Joe was counting on the element of surprise , and that would have to be enough .
tr	I	She was driving him insane , and had he to figure out her involvement in this mess .
tr	O	But the north end was still labeled as the red zone .
tr	I	By that time , another contraction had begun , and he began backing out haste in .
tr	I	* Pierce and Schell together lunched in the informal dining room after returning their horses .
tr	O	A horn sounded and Mrs. Finch grabbed her purse .
tr	I	The cat lay curled up on Drake pillow 's .
tr	I	There 's the for flare their escort .
tr	O	Amy didn 't laugh .
tr	I	The mating bond pulsed through him , as and potent intoxicating as any drug he 'd created in his former life .
tr	I	Like or it not we are going to be a family . '
tr	O	Everyone , including the high priestess , bowed their heads away from the sight .
tr	O	The sparks coursed through her the moment he pulled her near .
tr	I	The door smoothly opened .
tr	O	Blue covered the guy 's mouth with the blade of his hand .
tr	I	But he went on anyhow ; he had to know sure for .
tr	O	For half a second , my mouth mirrored his , but then it quickly disappeared .
tr	I	Gregor looked much than better yesterday .
tr	I	I get to my at knees least .
tr	I	But was Sharon a real person , and it was time to give up on the myth .
tr	I	An watched owl from a tree , his feathers ruffled as a line of men walked slowly under him .
tr	I	The point whole of a fling was to have lots of sex .
tr	O	It was not a reasonable thought for me to be having -- Aaron is not the boss of me .
tr	I	And it maybe 's something else .
tr	I	Anger glittered in Tavis 's eyes , but he continued stare to at Graeme in stony silence .
tr	O	' I 'm driving , get in now ! '
tr	O	I don 't even want to know what Dad would say if he found out I started smoking .
tr	I	Now it spilled the through hallways and down the stairs .
tr	O	He 's completely unreadable and even more unpredictable .
tr	O	When we weren 't touching I noticed .
tr	O	Thomas looked over at him , could barely see the surprising look of calm on his face .
tr	O	So stunned was she that all she could do was lie there , holding her face in her palm .
tr	O	Judson tightened his grip on the phone .
tr	I	I to want be a normal girl here .
tr	O	I will use it and I will not aim over your heads .
tr	O	A police car pulled up .
tr	O	As her sight sharpened , she recognized what had come into view .
tr	I	He loved friends her .
tr	O	He feared that he might end up being roped into something strange like he was when he met Millie .
tr	I	Thor felt physically sick , and to tried force it all from his mind .
tr	O	Poseidon reclined on the stones and folded his arms behind his head .
tr	O	It had been just the two of them for eight years .
tr	I	Broad and daylight everything !
tr	O	I rolled my eyes and began to walk around the room .
tr	O	Landon swung his head around and scowled when he saw her standing there .
tr	O	He had his phone to his ear , but he watched me .
tr	O	The whole room is filled with women 's clothes .
tr	O	I shivered , pulling the blanket tighter , and tried to sort out all that had happened .
tr	O	The cute girl stocking the reds was gone .
tr	I	She swung him on .
tr	I	Mr. turned Mac and looked at the sheriff .
tr	I	Well , there 's a trick to take to Trials the , she thought .
tr	O	She showed us a picture of her new boyfriend .
tr	O	Or , if you 're not cautious , they might catch you going off to meet with others .
tr	O	Two weeks to betray his countrymen .
tr	I	That Tori made sick .
tr	O	He was in the same program as Justin , majoring in the modern Chinese language .
tr	O	Were they all secretly laughing at her ?
tr	I	This was a lowering thought , and they all its felt weight .
tr	I	A hand slid around waist my , straightening me up .
tr	O	I hadn 't even known that was out there .
tr	O	But what she saw in Domenico 's face made her step back in surprised hurt .
tr	I	I my shook head .
tr	O	Simone unconsciously squared her shoulders as she realized that she was staring at the man like a half-wit .
tr	I	Was being pregnant making me to slow think , or was I still in shock ?
tr	O	I had to make an effort not to cheer .
tr	I	Alan had the broken spell 's binding when , pulling his head back , he 'd made for a momentous head butt .
tr	I	' Dear Isobel , I used to work with your you mother know , before she had you .
tr	I	He handed his her empty glass .
tr	I	Josie threw herself into driver the 's seat , muttered a curse word I 'd rarely heard her say , and shot another death glare my way .
tr	O	But maybe telling Lindsey was a good idea .
tr	I	They 'd both joked that everything in the room was probably down bolted , not hanging by a faulty nail .
tr	I	She smiled thinking trying about to make Mediterranean food out here in this desolate place .
tr	O	It was just coincidence that he pushed up on his elbow and saw it coming .
tr	O	Ryan asked the white coat who had joined them to prepare for wing deployment .
tr	I	The knowledge that he would eventually topple everything that worked Arthur for put me instantly on edge .
tr	O	That 's when I heard Lucien 's second bark of laughter .
tr	I	She had no idea where room this was .
tr	O	Unlike Maverick , Elise had always been cautious and frugal , with her money and her life .
tr	I	Nestor must have made some nonverbal reply because they shifted back he and nodded .
tr	I	He was caught in cold blood , standing over the dead lord lady and , knife in hand .
tr	O	She favoured him with a smile .
tr	I	Fear for own her life far outweighed the guilt , and doubt , that flared through her as the rest of the creatures raced toward them .
tr	O	He nudges me with his shoulder .
tr	I	It would be a shame to convince to Shane do something to her that he would fight against .
tr	I	He got worst the of it tonight .
tr	O	He turned left down the hallway to a door directly ahead .
tr	I	I wasn 't a prude , but I preferred my sex private in and in the dark .
tr	I	Then she grabbed another piece , and then a slice of bacon , though even she hadn 't eaten bacon in years .
tr	I	She faced the man whose nose was still crooked from the break Jason had given him over a ago week .
tr	O	The moon was up and a soft light filtered in through a high window over the hayloft .
tr	O	Our eyes met , and while everyone milled around about us , in that moment , it was just him and me .
tr	O	I smiled wider and put my hand on her shoulder .
tr	I	We do have guards stationed at his father 's home , and pairs of guards patrolling the city , but nobody reported 's anything yet .
tr	I	His are reflexes too fast .
tr	O	She clamped her hands over her ears in agony , and then chaos faded back into grayness again .
tr	O	Because he felt that he was choking , he looked round the cell for any sign of ventilation .
tr	I	She a forced small smile .
tr	O	She shot him a rueful laughing look over her shoulder as she crouched down in front of the refrigerator .
tr	O	Thad slapped his leg .
tr	O	First time we came across him , we set off some homemade large animal trap that didn 't work so well .
tr	O	I looked out over this new , naked , fragile world , and took slow sips of tea , finishing his last sentence in my mind .
tr	I	A damned soul , thought I .
tr	O	She was about to try and take me too , but Mom stopped both of us .
tr	O	She had to keep it safe for him .
tr	O	He never cared for him .
tr	I	Jonah checked the clock on the dash as he popped the into car reverse .
tr	I	I called from the netted doorway the of giraffe 's legs .
tr	I	I out held my hand .
tr	I	He had a welt on his cheekbone where Harding had hit him , his and hazel eyes were empty .
tr	I	The car thundered over the train tracks along which I 'd walked every day since I 'd been and born bottomed out as the road dipped .
tr	O	It was dark ; however , there was enough light shining on him to see his face .
tr	I	Realm takes my hand and tugs gently me to my feet .
tr	O	Ryder knew the paranormals being held weren 't always allowed to fully heal or even survive .
tr	I	As she returned to the car , his complete lack of interest made her that much more adamant to back come and learn how to fly .
tr	O	Well ... not exactly .
tr	I	I got all the sand in ready and to go .
tr	O	Underneath my business casual pants and blazer was a full body wetsuit , the rubber thicker because it was normally used for icy water dives .
tr	O	It wasn 't the noblest thing for them to do , but they weren 't thinking of what was right .
tr	I	Parents demanding were answers .
tr	O	Big money muscle buys any prize , but the only real value is the daughter .
tr	O	She would tell Jim Bailey that the money had been donated by a Russell supporter .
tr	O	I reach into my back pocket and take out the picture , giving it to Realm .
tr	I	Scanning the new tattoo on her forehead before leaving the bathroom , was she surprised to see that her birth tattoo had changed !
tr	O	Maybe she 'd just seen the way his footprints stacked on top of one another , which formed a new pattern .
tr	O	And try to behave yourself . '
tr	O	Jenn is going to find out !
tr	O	Prudence checked her assembly against the schematic , saw it matched , lifted it gently out of the viewer and took it to Bickel .
tr	I	I replied instantly , watching Lainie as 's face began to grow pale .
tr	I	His slow perusal caused my toes curl to .
tr	O	And he would do whatever in his power to see it done .
tr	O	Because I knew you 'd be upset about Constanza .
tr	I	I wish she keep would that shit to herself .
tr	O	Mr. Jonson was confused .
tr	O	This was a going to be a particularly busy night , but ironically for Nicholas it meant he would have a strangely quiet night .
tr	O	I relax my grip and breathe out slow .
tr	O	Go and give all your precious time to your publicist .
tr	O	Not a fake laugh .
tr	O	If there was still food involved , I doubted he 'd have been paying attention .
tr	I	They were dull things didn and 't look very enjoyable to look at .
tr	O	The minister was another Researcher who had spent most of his life in the early Christian era .
tr	O	It couldn 't be , and then in a moment of painful and stark reality , I couldn 't understand how I could be so surprised .
tr	I	Her eyes clouded over , breath her hitching .
tr	O	It was dark like night but ethereal at the same time as if it were made of cloud .
tr	O	The air-conditioning unit below the window was working hard to keep the room cool .
tr	O	' The city belongs to its people . '
tr	I	Or so not little people if she was being brutally honest .
tr	O	Wandering off into the woods without permission had almost gotten him killed .
tr	I	He 's careful not to ask June about .
tr	I	Then , slowly , he put a hand at her waist and drew her toward him , whispering words to be heard her by alone .
tr	O	Nothing could go wrong from here .
tr	O	She has even mastered a protectionist light similar to yours .
tr	I	He had seen things terrible .
tr	O	His foot wasn 't even touching second base .
tr	O	And now he stood waiting for her to materialize .
tr	O	It 's what you have with Johanna .
tr	O	For a terrible instant , he thought he might fall into an endless chasm , but a split second later , he smacked the hard floor .
tr	I	He if wondered it would align with the notion Sally shared earlier .
tr	I	Betty with sighed relief .
tr	O	The storm is too far out for you to reach it in time .
tr	O	His face is stone still with no trace of the ever so slight smile .
tr	I	Just as I 't didn when he was captured .
tr	I	The Maiden guards stayed behind , watching afar from .
tr	I	Tonight a was success -- for the Undine , anyway .
tr	I	My sisters and can I be competitive , but ultimately , we were the McCauley team .
tr	I	The rest of the semester was spent bliss in .
tr	I	I say louder it .
tr	O	The knob of the door began to turn .
tr	O	She 'd had no faith .
tr	O	She switched on the wireless microphone and peered at the woman .
tr	O	Charlotte asked , not letting go of the bag .
tr	O	My love was demonized , she was a monster - anybody who tries to squander a gift like that voice is a monster .
tr	O	His host and hostess enthused about him after his departure but Mary just smiled and admitted that he had grown up .
tr	I	She wouldn stop 't laughing .
tr	O	But , don 't worry we keep the dangerous animals behind double gated , electric fenced enclosures .
tr	I	With a wink , he took my hand lifted and me out of my fifth row seat .
tr	I	Grace about dreamt being in the sweet shop with her family .
tr	O	You could be mowing your lawn for heaven sake .
tr	I	I usually work school after though and Sunday afternoons .
tr	I	I looked happy in some , in somber others , but there were dozens of them , filling the surface of the dresser .
tr	O	I hoped that it wasn 't Abby .
tr	I	Either way , Susan Jones the computer scientist would probably be in gone a few moments .
tr	I	Like she his was mystery .
tr	I	How wonderful everything is God with .
tr	I	She should have known peace not would be restored so easily .
tr	I	Then his tongue speared through the folds of her sex , the replacing pain with sweet , deep pleasure .
tr	I	Dr. Jennings waved black the wand over the dead man .
tr	I	The man was human and that was enough good for me .
tr	O	Tomorrow his private jet was to fly Hannah and Malcolm and the girls to Johannesburg , from where they would catch a commercial flight to Australia .
tr	O	Stuart watched the cars slow down as they pulled up at a set of traffic lights .
tr	I	We don 't think you are the one best for this job .
tr	O	There was plenty of time to be alone with his thoughts , and he often found himself thinking of Harriet .
tr	O	Julia 's suitcases tumbled onto the circular belt , followed by his own bag .
tr	O	I slowly drop her hands and back away from her and make my way back to the house .
tr	O	My name must still have some small value .
tr	O	He was clearly with Elodie , and I couldn 't blame him .
tr	I	I rol ed my eyes and took a bite of the pot dry roast .
tr	I	Come to back the car .
tr	I	The morning came when she up woke without having had nightmares .
tr	I	Maybe across backpack Europe or Asia ?
tr	O	Now there was no one there who reminded her of Carver .
tr	O	She left the shop and Daisy felt like running after her .
tr	I	The knock at the front door startled me , as I about was to step into the shower .
tr	I	It started ring to .
tr	O	The more she talked about their beginning , the more she needed him to wake .
tr	I	I just assumed I was imagining again it .
tr	O	The guy who wants to expose us all and bring destruction upon the whole planet ?
tr	O	You 're so superior to us , and you don 't need anyone .
tr	I	While the video he played looked at a picture of Frost he had on his desk .
tr	O	As they made their way back to the house , Lee was looking around carefully .
tr	O	I looked at her , but all I saw was a blur of fear : a mass of weak knees and a pounding heart .
tr	I	While remaining stoic herself , at every lesson she searched his face any for sign of his returning the feeling .
tr	O	Soon she was out of sight , and without running she seemed to fly along the ground till she was back at the Whispering Stones .
tr	O	She then took a closer look at Mark and realized he looked different to her .
tr	O	All we ask is for you to hear us out for now , okay ? '
tr	I	We 'd forgotten all about her .
tr	I	The name the on card confirmed his theory of the case .
tr	O	Even with the beach setting , they hadn 't spared expense just because they 'd opted for less formal .
tr	O	It 's about time we got a break .
tr	I	They don know 't what you can do .
tr	O	Dreamer hung up then , not wanting to take the conversation any further .
tr	I	When my hand took one of his moves , barely along tracing the hem of his t-shirt , his hand on my back stilled .
tr	O	Aiden had been just a kid himself when their parents had been kil ed .
tr	O	I felt rather than saw the person reach out toward the precarious tubing leading straight into Taylor 's hand .
tr	I	Currently the temperature is at hundred one degrees and some of the people in line have already faded away because of it .
tr	I	They ´ re not from world this .
tr	I	Also , I think Mom and Dad have some bonds in my name at their bank , but I don know 't how much they 're worth .
tr	I	I said to Shane , my breaths heaving in and out almost in with sync his .
tr	I	I saw a flash of white pale .
tr	O	She lowered her gaze to the carpet .
tr	I	Hold down home the front .
tr	I	' You can keep them , ' said Barry indicating the lyrics .
tr	O	If Rachel believed she had a choice , then she might possibly soften toward him .
tr	O	Mrs. Bethany was pleased I 'd walked into her trap .
tr	O	He rotated at his hips and took one swing .
tr	O	Julian asked with a long-suffering sigh .
tr	I	When appeared Jessi accompanied by a policewoman , Charmaine rushed over and hugged her .
tr	I	Having your stamps own could be like having your own flag , your own crest .
tr	O	The only thing is , he didn 't make it that far .
tr	O	In several spots I could feel the warmth of blood fresh on my skin .
tr	I	Sure , we were going to head to Los Angeles , but were we going to drive .
tr	I	My fist in clenched frustration .
tr	I	Watkins winked at the drapes and the drapes winked back knowingly .
tr	I	He them assured it was only a pastime for him .
tr	I	And it 's still away draining . '
tr	O	The customer tilted his head forward respectfully .
tr	I	His skin was hot , burning ; she feel could that he wanted her .
tr	O	He slept deeply , not waking until late afternoon - well after the Blackstone Farms Day School 's open house ended .
tr	O	We then we sat at a table with Tommy to share what we knew about Ah Chuy Kak .
tr	I	Hawk and Sawyer exchanged looks before Hawk back looked at Colin with a sly smile .
tr	O	' It 's a theory , yes . ' '
tr	I	She nodded , watching as he stuffed the back bag into his pants .
tr	I	She let him draw her toward one of the fountains in the middle of the room , and set down her on the wide marble edge .
tr	I	Their weapons gear and came next .
tr	I	Yaris 't wasn in sight .
tr	I	A glistening yellow arrowhead greeted their eyes , and he dipped slowly the arrow into the water .
tr	O	He will love Tamar infinite times and raise infinite sons .
tr	I	She couldn 't help thinking Jason 's parents must be exceptional people , to have raised such wonderful a family .
tr	O	What to tell him ?
tr	I	He smiled at up me .
tr	O	But what of one who has no blood ?
tr	I	I call 'll you in a few minutes .
tr	I	And would he have been too scared .
tr	O	At least the weather was warm and we had a track to follow .
tr	I	He plucked it from his chest and tossed it behind him , smug a look on his punctured , bloody face .
tr	I	In seconds , there 'd be a phone ringing in some tiny office with television screens and a cop retired who was probably half-asleep in his chair .
tr	O	She neared the fence on Dreamer and leaned down to hand him Cam , who wasn 't very happy about getting off the horse .
tr	I	Nothing , except it would what shred little self-esteem she had left .
tr	O	We crossed paths with monotonous regularity .
tr	O	Finally , I was close enough that she should be just around the bend .
tr	O	Seduce Scorch and he 'll be weak to you .
tr	O	His silken hair flowed over her arms and she threw her head back as the fire rushed over and into her .
tr	I	With a small oath , Nicolae waded through the pool to crouch low in the water so that head his was the same height as hers .
tr	I	Not the man , the but fact it had been years since a man had taken her in his arms .
tr	O	The Inquisitor was very focused on you , and I was able to sneak up behind him , then hit him with a stone .
tr	O	It was all so easy , so casual , so good .
tr	O	It wasn 't hard to find him .
tr	I	You ready to make a break it for , Gary ?
tr	I	Upon hearing these words , sensed he that was that for today , ' All right then , thank you Mr Foy .
tr	I	He was after nice-looking all .
tr	O	My gaze lingered on the comments , and I scrolled down .
tr	I	He 'd let his temper run with him , a temper he worked to hard keep locked away .
tr	I	And all the messed stuff up in between .
tr	I	A sneering smile crossed face his .
tr	O	Henry 's words came out choked .
tr	I	He stalked off to the and bathroom shut the door .
tr	O	He had made no further reference to it after she left his cubby for the last time more than twenty years back .
tr	O	I could have gone up to the house and asked Ben to unlock it , but I had heard Meena making tracks down the path .
tr	O	Wel , that was to be expected ; Stefan was too weak to stand yet .
tr	O	Some of the people at the tables scattered on the black-and-white tile floor were dressed to the nines , like Alcide and me .
tr	I	Brad followed the officers to Pembroke along roads that no had evidence of fire .
tr	O	I knew it would be useless -- same as whenever she tried to paint my face and dress me in her likeness .
tr	I	Poking her head out of the door , she looked up and the down hall .
tr	I	I at looked Daddy for approval .
tr	I	Whatever air was left comes bursting out as I him fling to the ground with me .
tr	O	I guess I never figured I 'd ever see it , though .
tr	I	He shot me a look that he said was grateful that we , both men of the world , understood .
tr	O	Trust in me , ma petite .
tr	O	' I doubt it , but I will ask the police if they need my help again .
tr	O	The word echoed in my mind for a few seconds after he spoke it .
tr	O	She yawned and took up page seven .
tr	I	He shook head his .
tr	O	His bite was deadly and he could kill without warning .
tr	I	There 's nothing to be of afraid .
tr	I	He actually heard her intake sharp of breath after he said that .
tr	I	Conner responded but Matthew doubted even heard him .
tr	O	All of these factors competed to deliver the final blow .
tr	I	I wrong was to take his payoff and abandon Nadia .
tr	O	She bathed her face in the icy water .
tr	I	Nolan sighed hung and up .
tr	I	Gen let out low a whistle .
tr	O	And that was when an answer of the genius quality came to me .
tr	O	I 'm involved in several large companies , and they do a lot of advertising .
tr	O	I have no intention of doing that . '
tr	O	He was curious , but at this point , he didn 't really care .
tr	O	Just drop me off in town .
tr	O	He gave her a charming smile and squeezed her fingers .
tr	I	It is much closer than the step first down .
tr	I	Find a soft spot , lye down , and rest cares your away .
tr	O	Drummond continued providing what limited details on the target he had .
tr	I	The bustling Market showed no signs being of unusual or abnormal .
tr	I	By time the I turned over the closed sign on the shop door and headed upstairs to my apartment , I was exhausted .
tr	O	They 've never really hurt anyone .
tr	I	I catch the reflection in Asa 's driver 's side - mirror and immediately freak .
tr	O	And it was , despite the circumstances .
tr	I	Yeah I you know ?
tr	I	Emma sliced the baked potato open and mashed the starchy insides , just as she 'd since done she was a little kid .
tr	O	I decided I would explain everything about Ron to her later , she just didn 't know as much as I did .
tr	I	She 'd deal with the future when was it no longer the future .
tr	O	Julian didn 't intend to make this situation clear and was relieved as well .
tr	I	Her burned face with mortification .
tr	I	Shock slams into my chest fury and turns my vision red .
tr	O	She never regained consciousness no matter how much Alaric tried to rouse her .
tr	O	She 's got nothing .
tr	O	The sound surprised her .
tr	O	It growled menacingly , sending shivers down Ice 's spine .
tr	I	Well , from his of way thinking anyway .
tr	O	His hand with the radio fell to his side .
tr	I	Two bullets had torn his into stomach .
tr	O	I took another club from his bag .
tr	O	He reached out for Lila and kissed her lips fiercely .
tr	I	From yard the outside Brigid , it looked like a happening party .
tr	I	Or we maybe oughta just put you straight in the marines .
tr	I	Willow said an lifting eyebrow .
tr	O	Zane finally tore his eyes away from Ty .
tr	O	Everything slowed for Ashe .
tr	I	He looked tired with dark circles his under eyes and his hair tousled as if he had been running his fingers through it .
tr	I	My muscles tense with blood rushing into brain my then down my spine shivering with the attack .
tr	O	She had experienced the heat of her cat many times , a purely physical drive that didn 't touch her beyond the abstract .
tr	O	The energy connects me to everything beautiful .
tr	I	It flashed at her like a neon sign , while right the side of her brain ran a calculation .
tr	I	Sasha only knew because one of his hunting trips had shown up in vision a .
tr	O	She was frightened of what those secrets might be , and how they might be interpreted if they got out .
tr	O	It would be like trying to walk on water or swim through islands .
tr	O	His hand , his dead hand ... it was warm .
tr	I	Screams echoed around all the chambers as soon as we entered .
tr	I	Not counting his confrontations with Falco , it had been years since he had been in the company of of another his kind .
tr	I	They looked lumpy like amoebas .
tr	O	We followed a twisting , narrow path that finally opened up onto a bigger chamber .
tr	I	Her mouth fell open with outrageous that statement .
tr	I	Maybe that it was .
tr	I	Unfortunately , the idea of Hassan getting hit by a bullet meant for her was too just much to bear .
tr	O	Rigo managed to chase the twins out so we could get a shower ; he didn 't want to rush off to breakfast , either .
tr	O	Probably twenty old clocks covered one wall .
tr	O	Haven 't lost control .
tr	O	His mother turned cool eyes back to him .
tr	I	Had it always seemed so hard to through move these circles or had she become jaded ?
tr	O	However , I kept getting these feelings that he was okay and that I was safe with him .
tr	O	His features sag as if he were on the verge of tears .
tr	O	I was afraid of the horoscopes .
tr	O	The paper was signed with the letter L. I turned the paper over several times , hoping to find a clue to the author .
tr	O	It was an odd sensation to look up from the younger , battered face in the video and see the older version , calmly sipping her tea .
tr	I	I wanted to move away from the man , but I this needed .
tr	I	The is past the past .
tr	O	asked the first one while accentuating his name .
tr	I	There was really no possibility that Hope could be anywhere except here out in the wilderness .
tr	I	You your spilled drink . '
tr	O	He should have known better than to challenge a New Orleans girl .
tr	O	Della reached out and touched her hair .
tr	O	Both women gasped , as did just about everyone else in Starbucks .
tr	O	Merry came up to the table .
tr	I	Daemon crawled on air until was he over the proper place .
tr	I	She 't didn see what she was doing to us , or what she wasn 't doing for us .
tr	I	Just simple stuff , like soups and stews , sandwiches ; they were easy to make would and keep some money coming in .
tr	O	Murphy cursed and spun away from the railing .
tr	O	That won 't happen with me .
tr	O	And then , I saw Reginald Ball , walking on the water like Holy Jesu and waving a handkerchief furiously at me .
tr	I	I felt a full-fledged despair creeping over me , an utter of sense emptiness , and why not ?
tr	I	Marius as whistled the truck soared higher , spinning end over end until it landed on its roof with a violent crash .
tr	I	He flashes me a sheepish smile as he lets me go to a swat mosquito .
tr	I	What a mixed up girl but for a she while had filled the space that Rose had left empty .
tr	O	And I know this is just a little necklace , but I wanted you to have something from me .
tr	O	I pay the cabby and watch his taillights disappear around the corner before turning toward the lab .
tr	I	She smiled wide revealing perfect white teeth full and lips that made me wonder why she wasn 't the model .
tr	O	The longest had been the recent drive with Milos , Moose , and Squirrel as they drove to Memphis in the bodies of a family .
tr	I	The flames tore from his fingers and flew her toward .
tr	O	What if you let this one die ?
tr	I	She often was caught up in a research project and forgot eat to or sleep or talk with others .
tr	O	My mother and Gran returned to the kitchen to start cooking .
tr	I	Was she the exciting one wanted he ?
tr	O	I opted for the largest one .
tr	I	There were representatives six of families present .
tr	I	Stuff we 't can explain .
tr	I	It can get damn cold at night , the and weather 's changing .
tr	O	I don 't know how long I wandered around , but it seemed like I was moving in circles .
tr	O	Shaking his head he turned back to her .
tr	I	The thought her of leaving hurt my heart .
tr	I	He closed eyes his .
tr	O	Shimmer , whose coat shone like gold from her grooming , rose to the sky and proceeded to play and dance with the tiny dragon .
tr	O	Eve tried to appear nonchalant .
tr	O	In any other situation , it might have seemed coquettish , had Henrietta 's eyes not been pressed open with fear and surprise .
tr	O	Cole followed his finger to where a man stood on a raised platform behind a large wooden wheel .
tr	I	Did I remember to the shut door ?
tr	O	She looked at me .
tr	I	... ' I can 't wait read to it ! '
tr	O	When the guard passed them back , he caught sight of A.J. His face burst into a happy smile .
tr	I	The men three looked at me .
tr	I	For that , I would need good a and pure dose of fatalistic despair .
tr	O	I wonder how different my life would be if my mom would have left me with him rather than take me with her .
tr	O	And there came the rapid patter of the old woman 's feet !
tr	I	The funniest thing about time is that it has the ability turn to a stone into a diamond , beauty into dust .
tr	I	Rodrigo is very clever in the way he keeps this place business in .
tr	O	Alexander grabbed my hand just as the room slowly began to brighten , the black walls now glass .
tr	O	Don 't get me wrong .
tr	O	The words seem to leave my mouth without intervention from my brain .
tr	O	What are they seeing that I 'm not ?
tr	O	Bastian asked once I started to slow down my bites .
tr	O	We headed out to Keith 's after that .
tr	I	Oliver is only few a years older than June , yet he is attempting to defend his sister , Riley .
tr	O	She wasn 't ready for this .
tr	O	were the first words she spoke , her tone matter-of-fact .
tr	I	He turned his head and brushed a chaste along kiss her temple .
tr	I	Anyway , 's let get going .
tr	I	It was light clean and , yet incredibly masculine .
tr	O	He took the coat and held it out for me .
tr	I	As Claire climbed the steps to the porch , a gust blew by her , sounding the bells in chorus a .
tr	I	Teachers will be down to claim the remaining M1 's , their and personal weapons , as soon as you and your charges are away .
tr	I	Just round a or two .
tr	I	You turned out to be the absolute man best I know .
tr	O	Already the hour had struck , and at his great Master 's bidding he must march with war into the West .
tr	O	He 'd had to travel stealthily through Cordell and the surrounding communities since he 'd killed the cashier from the local supermarket .
tr	I	His hands ran my down waist , running to the top line of my underwear .
tr	I	They are nicknamed and Tom Jerry .
tr	I	He fine was with that .
tr	O	She was beautiful in an exotic way perfect copper skin , glistening black hair , eyelashes like feather dusters and preoccupied .
tr	I	Her lips twist into what I swear a is smirk .
tr	I	The almost phone dropped from her hand .
tr	O	There were shades covering the windows but no curtains .
tr	O	He 'd inhaled , shuddering as air flooded his untried lungs , filling him with renewed strength .
tr	I	After what he had done with Harper , I should 've run for my instead life .
tr	I	It was Cooper who I was truly meant to be with along all .
tr	I	Willow 's instantly eyes shot open .
tr	O	The cameras have not been disabled .
tr	I	Zack tapped screen the .
tr	O	I am a servant of a nameless and formless god .
tr	I	She closed her eyes in relief and against sagged the cold floor .
tr	O	Instead , he came around to where I was sitting and took me by the hands , pulling me to my feet .
tr	I	iv It on happened the night before my birthday .
tr	I	I opened mouth my and screamed .
tr	I	Too bad was he no where to be seen .
tr	I	She hoped certainly so .
tr	O	She turned and looked around .
tr	I	Nick jumped away her from .
tr	O	What was he holding ?
tr	I	The sound of the shot close at range sounded like a cannon in my ears .
tr	O	As he listened to his song playing on the radio , his whole life flashed before him .
tr	O	Gertrude pressed her lips together for a moment .
tr	O	An injection of digestive juices seemed most likely .
tr	I	The two of us stared the across flooded marsh .
tr	I	Maybe it was because were we at the Vine .
tr	I	He went on web the and went to his favorite free , unverified , porn site .
tr	I	Even now , wonder I why she never said anything .
tr	I	His bruising threatened kiss to leave a mark both physical and mental .
tr	I	Just throw her skirt in sand the and run like hell .
tr	O	They brought with them gold and silver chalices which they gave to the guests .
tr	O	As the darkness closed in on them , so too did the creatures .
tr	I	He reached over and grabbed his pants , tearing through the material until the foil package out fell .
tr	O	The trail had grown cold , and he had since concluded if he were going to make detective , it wouldn 't be on this case .
tr	O	The girls were closer than sisters .
tr	O	I shot across the empty dance floor , heading straight for the mass of shadows forming under the cage .
tr	I	She 'd begun to feel trapped in her job and now acknowledged that this phase of life her was coming to a natural end .
tr	I	They turned had a corner and arrived , suddenly , at a large square .
tr	I	Mr. nodded Caldwell in agreement .
tr	I	He had no idea how long he lay on top of her , but when finally he lifted himself off , she was asleep beneath him .
tr	I	I pound fists my in his back for good measure .
tr	O	' ' I du n no , I don 't really like the idea of the big bad city .
tr	O	Then it was back to business .
tr	O	I have a ton of work to do on the dress .
tr	I	Juvenile not is bad .
tr	I	She honestly was unsure about how to proceed .
tr	O	An opportunity to strike , Bax thought .
tr	O	He stared at the delicate white fingers clutching his darker forearm .
tr	O	The movement of the party shifted down the hall , through the library and into the living room , where I saw my father was still there .
tr	O	Gone were the old-fashioned carburetors in motor vehicles , aircraft , ship engines , or military vehicles on land , sea , and air .
tr	I	Cayman stood by the stage , smiling at up the guy .
tr	I	Elliot realized that intended she to pacify him in private , Amy was his responsibility , and to hell with all the diamonds and international intrigue .
tr	O	Wasn 't that just what Della needed ?
tr	O	I made a good choice , getting him for you .
tr	O	Dolly has to move with us .
tr	I	His deep , shockingly sexy chuckle through rumbled me .
tr	I	He had come to meet you well as .
tr	I	I have a gut check and look back down at my plate , the pork chop slaughtered around the bone , the applesauce into bleeding everything .
tr	O	They may have had a rough few months , but they had been best friends since fifth grade .
tr	I	My hands blunder , but I snatch a ledge before falling a to painful death .
tr	I	Keep one in foot front of the other and that should hold a straight line .
tr	I	He 's somebody I could to talk , she thought .
tr	I	Scour this place , see if you find can anything .
tr	O	She raised one brow back even though her heartbeat went a notch up in speed .
tr	I	My eyes were as black as a pit that often made mortals feel as if were they falling into them .
tr	O	The glove belonged to a man named Coulter .
tr	I	I stopped walking as water up rushed around my ankles and tiny droplets spattered against my calves .
tr	I	Or my out hair .
tr	I	This was cue his .
tr	O	Have you drunk also of the intoxicating draught ?
tr	I	He extended his like hand she was another doctor in a hospital corridor .
tr	I	His favourite of topic conversation was the war .
tr	I	Jasper aimed at the man who 'd Veronica pushed .
tr	O	He ducked his head and grinned sheepishly .
tr	O	I still hold the bagel and it becomes that obvious thing in my hand that I don 't know what to do with .
tr	O	This was the first message I received from my spirit guide when , after much effort , I managed to make contact again .
tr	I	At least now I know why he did the things 's he done .
tr	O	I closed my eyes and willed my heart not to leap out of my mouth .
tr	I	Or something that like . '
tr	O	Instantly , my mouth moved beneath his , and my hands roamed past the scratchy material of his blazer .
tr	O	But I can 't try yet .
tr	I	Only that there weren 't any precious or stones metal on it at all .
tr	O	Like her , he was fifteen now , and had started work in an armaments factory in Battersea and was needed for the war effort .
tr	I	You need 'll this .
tr	O	Full of passion and desire , it was over way too soon .
tr	I	He lifted his wand said and the words he 'd heard his mother say , but nothing happened .
tr	O	Slipping my hand into his , I walked out into the corridor with him .
tr	O	Opening the door between their offices , he smiled when A.J. glanced at him over the top of her computer screen .
tr	I	Eliza a tossed peanut in her mouth .
tr	O	Now she wouldn 't have another chance to talk with him about the good times .
tr	I	He wasn 't certain , but believed he he could hear them coming .
tr	I	She handed it him to .
tr	O	Suddenly , Kali was very hungry .
tr	O	When my grandfather died , they both rushed home to get their greedy hands on what my father had worked so hard for .
tr	O	Langston has been in love .
tr	O	But she don 't love Alcide , and he don 't love her .
tr	I	The first men they encountered had barely time to cal to their comrades before they were cut down by the young females .
tr	I	I 'd dead be if it wasn 't for her !
tr	O	He tried to make my friend into one , too .
tr	O	I 'll get right on that .
tr	I	This has all fun been and exciting .
tr	I	She up stared at him with those accusing brown eyes that were shining in anger .
tr	I	I can look myself after .
tr	O	He was always one step ahead of anyone that might be searching for him .
tr	I	The man went to market in the city a once week and stayed overnight with a relative .
tr	I	At least this way , no one would suffer because I would never have left Rogue .
tr	O	Max pressed the button for her floor .
tr	I	Brandon kissed me tenderly , and I fought off my incredible desire to be locked away all night with him inside his house safe .
tr	I	Emily straightened and shakily smiled at him .
tr	I	I 'd learned some new powers , but nothing that could defend me my or loved ones against an attack like that .
tr	O	So I figured this might be the opportunity to give him a dose of his own medicine .
tr	I	A surprise was waiting for Meg when she alone was in her room after the feast .
tr	I	He fought me it on .
tr	I	He caught his at breath the sheer flood of illumination , light moving over the low-slung leather couches , chairs .
tr	O	Gabe 's cheeks are flushed , and his blunt dashes of eyebrows tilt toward each other sharing secrets .
tr	I	Scorch grabbed the soap started and to massage it into her flesh .
tr	O	He guessed she might have been admiring this other woman 's technique .
tr	I	This is I what was made to do .
tr	O	Catriona will start to wonder where I am and I do not want to quarrel and fight : I might lose !
tr	I	Antonietta couldn 't prevent the cry small of joy .
tr	O	You know what I mean .
tr	O	Think back , I know that it was a few hundred years ago , but it 's not something you forget , ever !
tr	I	I 'm a man has that to move .
tr	O	Jack 's hand rested on the cover .
tr	I	She whirled around , squinting against dust the and flying debris .
tr	I	Because they couldn 't cure pain your .
tr	I	She laughed so hard and so for long , Royston was becoming quite irritated .
tr	I	Her eyes felt gritty and every muscle in her body hurt from dancing and performing at 110 percent for twelve straight hours .
tr	O	Darius ' usually cheerful face had turned grim as he examined the wound .
tr	I	Tara looked away rolled and her eyes .
tr	O	I checked over my shoulder , but the Fist was gone .
tr	I	Graham Norval knew was right .
tr	I	She 's reciting the address , but I know the way this to hospital .
tr	O	Brandon went to a party as well - different group , of course .
tr	I	You were swinging from the and rafters punching out innocent humans because of Sunshine .
tr	I	she whispered , as if Mondrian hear could them .
tr	O	Kramer turned to him .
tr	O	I 'd never had a feeling like that , of so much power under me .
tr	O	The three of them place their hands over Azrael ´ s heart as they begin a strange and interesting ritual .
tr	I	When she nodded , waved Gideon the waitress over .
tr	I	Well , that was help no .
tr	O	With a natural motion , Vega raised a flattened palm to the ground and sent a thin bolt of electricity down to the waters edge .
tr	I	Mira couldn 't let go him of , not now .
tr	I	Feeling light-headed almost , Maryanne glanced down the street , eager for the bus to arrive so she could get home .
tr	I	They silently sat waiting .
tr	I	He decided to take what he thought was a shortcut through Church the grounds , in an attempt to get home quicker .
tr	O	Despite the warmth of the air , Julie felt suddenly chilled .
tr	I	Matthew bent and down kissed Chloe on the cheek and said hello to Becky .
tr	I	My ex is on his knees , blocking the stairwell and all the trying people to leave .
tr	I	Then I 'd be left with guilt and remorse , I and 'd end up apologizing .
tr	O	My only hope is to kill you and then my spirit can be free .
tr	I	My feet wanted to run , but the broken part of my brain that apparently had forgotten the of concept fear wouldn 't allow it .
tr	I	' I 'm sure that it was , but there no 's point in you provoking me .
tr	I	I 'd survived what essentially was another first day of school .
tr	O	Dave knew it , too , and at times that confidence made him reckless .
tr	O	Lori sat up , watching Nikki intently through a haze of cigarette smoke .
tr	O	Claire hugged her and gave her a cookie .
tr	O	He jumps off the counter and zips out of the kitchen .
tr	I	' Urgh , I not did like him one bit , ' said Angelina .
tr	O	WHAT A ROGUE WANTS Copyright © 2013 by Julie Johnstone , all rights reserved .
tr	I	Tucker adjusted his aim on the flaming flare , then lifted the to crosshairs where he had hidden the Rover 's gas can .
tr	O	All the things his brothers good-naturedly bitched about were the things that Donovan craved .
tr	O	The look exchanged between Gary and Rita was so full of love and passion , it was immediately clear to Leslie what kind of relationship they shared .
tr	I	How did one go about destroying fundamental a part of nature , anyway ?
tr	O	She pushed against his chest with more strength and moaned a suffocated denial against his lips , opening her mouth under his .
tr	I	The heap was very indeed horrible .
tr	I	And I do know not how to handle them anymore .
tr	I	As he ate , I finished shutting down the restaurant , forcing myself to calm down and rein my in racing heart and raging hormones .
tr	O	Beyond a tiny little tic in her cheek , the rest of her face remained remarkably blank .
tr	I	Not parents , not brothers baby .
tr	I	Just anonymous people office heading home after a long day at work .
tr	I	I mean , technically she was with him because I him was , but still .
tr	I	There were also huge a number of lakes inhabited by countless swans and other birds of all shapes and colours .
tr	O	I saw Andrew spin back .
tr	O	I didn 't want to mess it up .
tr	O	She denied the transfer since helping a neighbor was the right thing to do .
tr	I	Rachel began to and panic she could feel beads of sweat forming on her forehead .
tr	I	You way were back !
tr	I	I didn believe 't it .
tr	O	Gaius offered a deep bow , wryly conceding he 'd miscalculated .
tr	I	When she returned her attention to him , wore she a grim expression .
tr	I	That why 's I 'm here .
tr	I	For those few short I hours was able to tune out my crazy life and forget about the troubles outside of this place .
tr	I	He wanted to wipe them on suit his pants or hide them in his coat pockets .
tr	I	Holly her put hand on Duncan 's arm , stilling him before could get any closer to Pate .
tr	I	This also made Callum 's patience slip a little bit but , for some reason , Regan made seem really happy .
tr	I	But you 're also Healer a .
tr	O	I sat up from the warm soft seat of the carriage and looked outside .
tr	I	The smirk spread , but it didn reach 't his cool ocher eyes .
tr	O	Warrior demands with annoyance , demonstrating the amazing emotional simulation of the Warrior AI .
tr	I	They walked to her room and he as waited she opened the door .
tr	O	She panicked for a moment , until understanding set in .
tr	I	I shifted so we that changed positions , bringing his head to lie against my breasts .
tr	I	And both of are those all thanks to you , Gin .
tr	I	I couldn 't hate for him being who he was .
tr	O	He 'd even been invited to join the Rotary Club of the nearby city .
tr	I	But she 'd done homework her .
tr	I	It must have my affected Thomas .
tr	I	He with nods certainty .
tr	I	He my took hand again , and we walked back upstairs .
tr	I	He put his hand up to warn her off he as backed away slowly toward his front porch .
tr	O	The woman who turned to face us looked as if she were my age .
tr	O	We decided to stay away from anything that draws attention .
tr	O	Hal could feel his heart pounding as if he 'd just run ten miles and could feel his palms getting sweaty .
tr	I	I could probably go to the moon and he wouldn notice 't , as long as I got the vegetables done .
tr	O	It annoyed her actually .
tr	I	I 'm having a hard time holding tablet the .
tr	O	The journey was short .
tr	O	Destiny brought up her one good leg , attempting to kick him .
tr	I	Send the all questions you want and we 'll answer them .
tr	O	He started to turn away , and then turned back , giving me a lopsided grin .
tr	I	She swept arm an toward the interior , seemingly oblivious to the fact that it felt like it was about a hundred below zero outside .
tr	I	Even and frustrated trapped and alone .
tr	I	My dad is going analyze to Rowan 's answer to a question about enjoyment ?
tr	O	I tossed my things into the hammock little Neale had pointed out to me and climbed above to watch us lift off .
tr	O	Crouching low , I darted across the room and ripped open the nearest door and slipped inside .
tr	O	Bash hesitated wondering if Kilo would smell the pot on his clothing .
tr	I	She barely seems worried it and annoys me because I don 't understand the reaction .
tr	I	Finally the brunt of the copies collided with Charlie , sending the fight into an enormous mash of up punches and kicks .
tr	O	I walked back into my room and closed the door .
tr	I	It was exciting and disturbing all at once ; she it wanted to stop at once , and she never wanted it to stop ever .
tr	I	The followed rest behind .
tr	I	No one wanted anything to do their with immortal lord .
tr	I	I feel their three sets of fall eyes on my face like laser beams .
tr	O	She thought suddenly : she couldn 't tell her father the full story behind why she needed the money .
tr	O	But he hasn 't missed it at all since marrying Katie .
tr	I	Chapter Sixteen Serenity sat on her front doorstep with a bag her at feet and her head in her hands .
tr	I	Nothing happening was the second night .
tr	O	Nice guys and all , but I got the feeling they were not too impressed with me and my story .
tr	O	You think this world will be gracious with you ?
tr	I	His right hand taps against his knee a in jittery , almost nervous way .
tr	I	She the reached first floor and did a quick check of the living room and kitchen .
tr	O	She went back to the kitchen and picked up the cooler with her purse and bread bag on top .
tr	I	I had the feeling that wherever it was he rode before , he had stable boys out looking for him and doing the grunt work .
tr	I	Without her waking , I carried her up to our bed and tucked her in .
tr	I	He raised one hand traced and the cowl neckline of her black dress .
tr	O	His nightmares about the massacre , made real and terribly tangible in the ballroom .
tr	I	The guard answered , spoke to in someone the hallway outside , and then opened the door .
tr	O	The ship begins to move around the Earth .
tr	O	I could take a bus .
tr	I	I collapsed into Luke 's and arms sobbed into his bare shoulder , filled with shame .
tr	I	It meant that , even if tomorrows could exist here , there weren going 't to be any .
tr	O	He sighed and shoved a hand through his hair .
tr	O	She so was not in the mood right now .
tr	I	Technically it an 's estuary , not a river .
tr	O	Albert jumped in the cab with James .
tr	I	Without protection from all sides , it was but a failed rule would that never again see the light of glory .
tr	O	I stroked a hand down the dog 's soft fur , and she snorted blissfully in her sleep .
tr	O	I take a sip of water and watch as Ian turns back around .
tr	I	She asked 'd their daughter-in-law , Tammie Lee , to serve as her matron of honor .
tr	O	Done in colors of sage and ivory with bursts of crimson and gold , Gretchen 's tranquil den invited quiet relaxation .
tr	I	The waved shepherd dismissively .
tr	I	A few turns later they across came a back exit that led out of the hotel and on to the picturesque river walk .
tr	O	~ SA Table of Contents Prologue 1 .
tr	I	The trail 't wasn officially marked nor well-traveled , but there are signs if you watch for them .
tr	O	Ian was fast on his heels .
tr	I	She applied for it , although she thought didn she 't stand a chance .
tr	O	It truly sounded too good to be true .
tr	I	But first he was going to some buy condoms .
tr	O	Tucker did the same , circling completely around the Rover .
tr	I	Then we gave each other hug a .
tr	O	There was a trace of bitterness in her tone .
tr	O	He opened the door and entered the hall .
tr	O	The Dark really made one appreciate a normal day , even though there were two days for every normal night and Dark night .
tr	O	I was going to be involved in my child 's life , regardless of how I felt about the baby 's mother .
tr	I	Henry Mason looked a little uncomfortable , ' in fact most Sir of my men are engaged in more global activities and matters of national security .
tr	I	Now his eyes held sympathy , and I wasn 't sure I how felt about that .
tr	O	Her brother was walking into danger , and leading holders she had known for most of her life as he did .
tr	O	Indie couldn 't help staring , maybe for a few seconds longer than she should have .
tr	I	For a moment , I debate whether or not should I tell her .
tr	I	She had drifted away little a , so I swam closer and pulled her against me .
tr	I	Eventually Gaia began to shake and roll when she couldn take 't any more .
tr	O	Perhaps Desjardins was correct about Mr. James .
tr	I	It mattered than more anything !
tr	I	He reads a little more of his mission notes and discovers that there is comfortable no hotel stay for him , there is not time .
tr	O	Danger is present , the staff is concerned about yours and René 's safety .
tr	O	Each word sounded like poison .
tr	I	' Who 'll and go work in the fields ?
tr	I	It seemed every she place looked there were diamond chandeliers and ostentatious fireplaces .
tr	O	Was her father 's Book of Shadows the book Justinian started ?
tr	I	I was idiot an .
tr	O	Sometimes , he got tired of carrying it around on his shoulder .
tr	O	He was here to take her away from everything she knew and loved .
tr	I	My hands start to shake , heart my rate picking up as soon as I realize this .
tr	O	I swear he understood me because when The Devourer looked up I saw it in his eyes .
tr	O	He pulled me closer , seeming to ignore how I stepped all over his feet .
tr	O	She promised herself that no email would be checked until after lunch .
tr	O	Think about the outcome , not the method , he told himself .
tr	I	After Julie said that , she drove off from the gym , and to headed their destination .
tr	I	Kevin used was to Max .
tr	I	More heavenly chest rumble vibrations through us .
tr	I	Max needed to hear what was happening from someone he trusted , and in a language understood he .
tr	I	It made still her a little uneasy .
tr	O	He had no clothes , but was instead covered in splatters of blood from head to toe .
tr	I	Sometimes they gust with the fury of a hurricane , they sometimes barely fan one 's cheek .
tr	I	Finally I it locate .
tr	O	So ... another enclave of survivors ?
tr	O	The ice was too weak around her .
tr	O	He ran them through warm water , never taking his eyes from my reflection .
tr	O	So , the old man had requested privacy for this little reunion ?
tr	O	Word of their marriage had spread .
tr	I	Nearly dead 7,000 already from the quake .
tr	I	I pulled myself my onto feet .
tr	O	Send for my secretary , please .
tr	I	Arms through , arrow carrying case adjusted on back her , straps cinched in on the sides .
tr	O	In her waking dreams , she imagined how delicious he would taste on her tongue .
tr	I	His sister , the half sister he whom 'd treated with extreme wariness until very recently ... and Avery .
tr	I	He caught the of back her shirt .
tr	O	Abbey 's lips twitched , fighting a grin .
tr	I	It his took breath away .
tr	I	Claudia her shook head .
tr	O	A few of the stories got really long , too , and became novels .
tr	I	Is mortgage the all paid off ?
tr	O	What was she doing ?
tr	I	I took a breath deep and made myself speak .
tr	O	The puppy 's panicky yelps called out for Momma as Mary closed the door behind .
tr	I	Shiny , things nice .
tr	I	If I Day owe anything , I owe him this .
tr	I	' What you would have us do ?
tr	I	Miranda and Joanna were a in far corner , curled against each other like spoons .
tr	I	They were across far from each yet their lights met and shines through the lost travelers in a distant desert of bewilderment .
tr	I	A ball of white energy flashed near the of horizon Terra .
tr	O	Now he had an angry look on his face .
tr	I	The drinks came right away , but the meals came as slow as Sandra had expected a in joint like this .
tr	I	I take comfort in the fact you 're more both than qualified to run Pisces .
tr	I	She shivered , perhaps because the was night chilly .
tr	I	What he could be afraid of ?
tr	I	Releasing me , tall the man disappeared into the kitchen .
tr	I	Having home a makes him feel like a real person to me .
tr	I	I watched you stab my uncle and throw him off wall the .
tr	I	This was a moment great .
tr	O	As hard as that had been , she was still grateful that he hadn 't had to go through that alone .
tr	I	It the was his parents ' turn .
tr	O	I took some pre-law classes at Sam Houston State , then decided that it wasn 't my thing .
tr	I	As the explosion rocked though the subterranean bunker , Painter turned instinctively to the wall monitor on his left .
tr	I	' Er , in that case ... perhaps teensy a bit quieter , then ? '
tr	O	She arched her eyebrow and nodded .
tr	I	Bewildered and frustrated , Elaina shoved everything she could into her satchel and hurried them after .
tr	O	They walked around the corner and stopped in front of two side-by-side desks .
tr	I	He could carry on an intelligent conversation with her use and words with more than one syllable .
tr	I	If the do Gods not , then I will !
tr	I	She almost laughed , because he so sounded sad about it .
tr	O	A deep purple envelope lay next to our pastel blue salt and pepper shakers .
tr	I	No one saw or heard anything , but it 's obvious he let in someone last evening .
tr	I	He had long since ceased to question his of knowledge such things .
tr	O	But he made me want to skip .
tr	O	I look at the boys .
tr	I	Once she was inside , he closed door the and motioned toward the couch on the left wall .
tr	I	She suggested , rolling carefully over to side one of the cot .
tr	I	At the restaurant , occasionally would there be food left over in the kitchen at the end of the day .
tr	I	And how maybe now might be a time good to do something about that .
tr	I	He stood still , heart hard beating against his ribs -- and in a distracted clinical way briefly wondered at its rate .
tr	I	I turned the towards clearer section of the forest and started to run , fast , away form the sun and towards the east .
tr	O	The line clicked , then purred and went silent .
tr	O	They moved into defensive stances , their fangs bared , but they didn 't make a move toward me .
tr	I	Alice sounded away far .
tr	O	Honesty 's voice was level , sure .
tr	I	I wasn 't even what sure had struck her , but she gasped and went limp in my arms .
tr	I	The darkness under the mountains was a mere smudge on the of face Light .
tr	I	I tilt my head to the side , long my black hair falling into my face .
tr	I	Katie suggested just I stay over at her house , and her mom said it was okay .
tr	I	Don say 't goodbye .
tr	O	The meal had been quiet , as if the men feared upsetting her in some way .
tr	O	Evidently he was displeased as his men were surprised .
tr	O	His body too had become like dry clay .
tr	O	My mind at least , my body was still struggling with the emotions I 'd just left behind .
tr	I	Frowning , Tucker ran a hand through hair his .
tr	I	Falling ... fear for rioting her within him as he squeezed her tight .
tr	I	What I am to you ?
tr	I	And they were sure that , at last , all their were worries over .
tr	O	I 'm at the Day Centre and Mags suggested a game of strip bingo to the oldies and they 've taken her up on it .
tr	O	I projected a tentative thought outward like I used to do with my brother .
tr	I	He had auburn short hair and Abby detected the subtle scent of cologne .
tr	O	Laid out in my coffin with the lid closed .
tr	O	' But you think anyone who gives you a beer is nice ! '
tr	O	Jack didn 't hesitate to break up the awkward moment .
tr	I	I 'm staying with old friends of my 's wife parents .
tr	I	And then 'd he hated them .
tr	I	This Cleo sounds like she doesn 't need that kind media of attention .
tr	O	To all of my supporters -- You were there from the beginning and I am eternally grateful .
tr	I	She didn 't really see , but I didn 't want and couldn 't really afford to go into detail to as what was going on .
tr	I	He took the rose from her pillow and placed it carefully on the nightstand the beside candle .
tr	I	Offer him immunity , whatever it takes to the get info .
tr	I	He only was twenty-five .
tr	I	It was only the piece of jewelry she 'd been wearing .
tr	I	Tuck met up with us and I was surprised to him see walking with Debbie Cates .
tr	I	It was crime a that even Stick Powers could solve .
tr	I	By the time pulled they free , their wounds had healed perfectly .
tr	I	I said , my turning face red .
tr	O	Robin mouthed at me as we walked hand-in-hand to the door .
tr	O	Autumn felt Summer flinch beside her .
tr	O	We dropped , flattened ourselves against the wall and slipped inside after the last man had crossed the threshold .
tr	I	I turned yell to back at him .
tr	O	She stared down at the chalk marks .
tr	O	She doubted she would ever see life in a normal way again .
tr	I	It did not belong in any sacred place , let alone one dedicated to the purest of all Olympians the .
tr	I	He has a joint dangling from one hand but has the familiar dazzling , toothy smile plastered across his face , wobbly albeit .
tr	I	With steampunk offerings authors from Cherie Priest and K.H. Koehler , monsters are added to the mix .
tr	I	As important as our plans were , though , I 't couldn spend all my time preparing for the Autumn Ball search .
tr	O	Maybe it wasn 't my gut so much as my blind optimism that believed what I 'd just seen was real .
tr	O	To prove that she has nothing to hide .
tr	O	Several entries had been headlined by a title -- the first being dated from when she was 14 years old .
tr	I	Her imprisoned father hadn 't been news to him , although he thought he 'd the played surprise well .
tr	I	It was chaos here around .
tr	I	Medieval Women pagan In days women held many rights and responsibilities .
tr	I	They were all inside and safe , and so far , their cover holding was .
tr	O	It was the sudden jolt caused by the wheels of the plane hitting the tarmac that woke me .
tr	I	I would have kept to the lower districts -- instead frequenting the small street shrines along the roads to make my measly offerings halfhearted and prayers .
tr	I	Then bristles the of the bushy heads bristled .
tr	O	Jack held her while she caught her breath , then reached into the bedside drawer for a condom and quickly put it on .
tr	O	Sarah nodded and watched him with concern .
tr	I	In the bluish glow of lone the computer monitor , Rachel could make out racks of telephone gear , radios , and satellite telecommunications devices .
tr	I	It ' s beautiful , today it looks no like other .
tr	O	They 're leaving calling cards for me , specifically .
tr	O	He placed tea things in front of them along with a cake covered in black icing .
tr	O	I would never get used to all those titles .
tr	O	Always take into consideration the evidence before reacting .
tr	I	Most of the cavern was underwater , with about two feet air of at the very top .
tr	O	Wrap myself in the feelings that grow larger , more tangible with every leisurely glide of my body on his .
tr	O	The respite slips when I get to the kitchen and find Realm sitting at the dinner table , eating ramen noodles .
tr	O	My cheeks heated as I remembered the things I 'd learned that I had said to him .
tr	I	How could the hours passed have so quickly ?
tr	O	When I 'm through with you , the very word vampire will give you the mother of all headaches .
tr	O	Well , you might as well take the day off .
tr	I	It wouldn 't hurt spend to a little .
tr	O	She snatched the book away from the young woman and slit its finger .
tr	O	But the few years since Invasion Day had been filled with defeat after crushing defeat , each battle lost taking with it hope that Humanity would survive .
tr	I	What 's she doing right now is building a bridge for Him .
tr	O	By the time Julia made it to the door of the bathroom , Veronika was on her knees getting sick in the toilet .
tr	O	Have to get away , Vin thought , forcing herself up to her knees .
tr	I	Keep your secrets regal .
tr	O	Ty looked at him doubtfully but remained silent , refraining from reiterating his opinion from a few moments ago .
tr	O	I held it away from my head to keep her from breaking my eardrums .
tr	I	Unfortunately , tuition costs became overwhelming forced and her to take a break .
tr	O	While I 'll always adore you , during those times we won 't be equal .
tr	I	His hands spanned her waist , the silk of dress her smooth under the pads of his fingertips .
tr	O	There was a sad farewell evening and Alex left Ruth at her gate , both with tears in their eyes .
tr	I	He was a aiming small gun at my head .
tr	O	He was jerked towards the door .
tr	I	Jane hadn 't been sure about anything , but she immediately felt of defensive Sebastian .
tr	I	With so many class actions filed already , the firm could spend its considerable resources in rounding up new clients .
tr	I	Case dropped to his -- knees not in prayer , but because his legs failed to hold him upright .
tr	O	Emily chirped innocently , pushing into the ice cream shop .
tr	I	But I couldn 't move , a not single muscle would obey .
tr	I	Big Party yeah Time ! '
tr	O	She looked around for sign of another figure , for Ben , but all she saw was the translucent sphere that held them .
tr	I	We got this dragon to fly away from Gar , not right into arms his .
tr	O	So I run out of the room .
tr	O	But there was a catch .
tr	O	I realize that the hotel lobby has gone quiet .
tr	I	A resort the Vice was President staying at .
tr	O	Alan Jones was fed up , but a fed up pragmatist .
tr	I	It was a little up quieter there but not by much .
tr	I	The waiter set down their plates as her entire buzzed body with the delicious tingles of an orgasm she hid fiercely .
tr	O	Okay , he 'd saved her life .
tr	I	Maybe her aunt was correct in hinting that Daren wasn 't for right her .
tr	I	I studied the Captain Science logo on his cheesy science t-shirt , almost afraid meet to his eyes .
tr	O	I tried not to show his words truly bothered me .
tr	O	Ken worked for you and was your friend .
tr	I	The next hour and a half spent was driving over Hoover Dam .
tr	O	She can read minds .
tr	O	I didn 't even get her last name when I had the opportunity .
tr	I	I quickened my pace because the Salvation Army several was blocks away .
tr	I	Not because I didn 't have any for regard life , but because I didn 't feel anything for this fetus .
tr	I	I stare at him for moment a .
tr	O	Paige was unable to resist the urge to goad him .
tr	I	I cannot help wonder but what Nicole is doing .
tr	O	It was a 9mm Glock .
tr	O	Then , the hot core of the moon burst through the earth 's crust , sending rockets of debris into space .
tr	I	Keenan might as well have hung a guilty sign on Hannah that with one .
tr	I	It was a made room for loving .
tr	I	This place 't wasn right .
tr	O	He shrugged into the jacket .
tr	I	At this point the Ogg canine appeared to go completely mad .
tr	I	Not because I don 't have the strength , but because I don 't want to waste time blather with .
tr	O	Before he could get up , the door swung open to show Sunshine fussing at Beth and the alligator hissing back in protest .
tr	O	Damn that man was powerful .
tr	O	She could only see Victoria 's Bugatti Veyron car but the Black Volvo wasn 't there .
tr	I	Then , without quite knowing how she 'd gotten there , she in was his arms .
tr	I	An unfulfilled ache that endlessly throbbed .
tr	I	Then I an attached air line to the tank and crimped it with my thumb .
tr	I	Within a couple of years , the whole world had entered a era new : all machines ran with electronically controlled parts .
tr	O	Adam takes a step forward .
tr	O	He rolled his eyes .
tr	O	Logan knew his destiny as a Spartan , as a warrior .
tr	O	I washed my hands in the bathroom , then moved into our closet .
tr	O	Hiro felt an overwhelming pain of pity for Soul .
tr	O	He was , I said , but disappeared seven months ago .
tr	I	And looked they happy .
tr	I	He looked more than rigid the security guards who were more than prepared to shoot me in the head , if need be .
tr	I	She had to speak the promise to aloud make it real , make it solid and attainable .
tr	I	Richard sweated was and frightened .
tr	O	Blood coated the end of the Harpy with the consistency of motor oil .
tr	I	A thrill of triumph ran through riot Ari 's mind .
tr	I	I was sure the Compound didn 't want to let go of a hero , even if he was a one dead .
tr	O	Edgar pulled a small bottle from a pouch on his belt and handed it to Terra .
tr	O	I shake my head and give her a hug because I can sense she needs one .
tr	O	Sebastian 's smile disappeared .
tr	I	I 't don understand .
tr	O	He seemed greatly delighted to feel the water , and chuckled to himself , sometimes even croaking in a sort of song .
tr	I	Realisation dawned his upon face , and he dropped my hand swiftly .
tr	O	My palms grew sweaty , and I fiddled with my ponytail .
tr	I	This is a surprise pleasant .
tr	I	I smiled when I noticed he was wearing the same he boots 'd always worn when he worked on the ranch .
tr	I	Time seemed to be suspended and then I thought heard I a soft sigh .
tr	I	The realization felt it like was going to bury her .
tr	I	Lillian behind stayed in Louisiana , and Joseph got himself embroiled deeper and deeper in some pretty unsavory business transactions .
tr	O	Finally he found what he was searching for and placed a thick chocolate bar and two apples on the bench .
tr	O	' For Edwina Ballard to pay you , a stranger , such attentions , it must have been exceedingly important . '
tr	O	Chapter Fourteen I 'm to die today .
tr	O	A clock on the wall over the television read three thirty .
tr	O	Fury , hot red rage , filled Della 's heart at the same time the knife sank into her chest , right below her collarbone .
tr	O	A demon , but not like any I 've ever seen before .
tr	I	Aya giggled as she remembered she what had done .
tr	O	Neil tilted his head at me and cracked a grin as he shut my door .
tr	I	That shocked me Emma but looked undisturbed so I tried to stay the same .
tr	O	Every other street we 've come across , in every other town , has had something left behind .
tr	O	I try locating Miguel , but I can 't find him .
tr	I	The once was certainty that he knew far too much .
tr	I	The men who 'll do so are down among you now , waiting to roll into her the water .
tr	I	She had also thought herself of as sensible and practical .
tr	O	she asked , refusing to be deterred .
tr	I	I might as well have been a mannequin the in window at Abercrombie .
tr	O	I 've seen an incredible change in her .
tr	O	The thought is nice .
tr	I	She be would similar to his secretary .
tr	I	My self-esteem couldn 't handle the it blow was starting to feel .
tr	I	She stares it at for a bit , her eyebrows furrow in concentration .
tr	I	She 'd never been aroused by Bowe - had never desired him as did he her .
tr	I	Seth came in first heaved and his suitcases off to one side .
tr	O	Really , it was out of character for Reginald to ask anything .
tr	I	I shoot a him glare on my way to the sink to scrub the dirt and oil off my hands .
tr	O	Perhaps I should give him the benefit of the doubt ?
tr	O	he helped himself to Tristan 's drink .
tr	I	He right was about the fear .
tr	I	For another , we need to know what sees she .
tr	I	She went to it immediately , setting the aside jars she needed .
tr	I	He 's pretending to understanding be now .
tr	O	What would come from mankind 's darkest day , and how would Toda respond ?
tr	I	Then , held head high , she strode proudly to the exit .
tr	I	I hear outside noise my door .
tr	I	She frowned in thought and to seemed be coming more and more to life with each passing second .
tr	O	Cheyenne was pretty sure she 'd been in love with Joe ever since that day .
tr	O	Hiding up in your bedroom is not what I would call a fresh start .
tr	O	She wondered what he was thinking .
tr	O	As soon as the wind veered a few more points to the east , the captain ordered the crew to hoist the square sail into place .
tr	O	I put my hand over my heart and raise my other hand .
tr	I	We have to Raj get .
tr	O	He wasn 't anything like my dad .
tr	I	The planet itself was mostly water , with some small islands ( most likely the tips of mountains huge from the surface floor ) .
tr	O	Before his head vanished , he paused .
tr	I	Would it be weird seeing ... him after seeing so much of him ?
tr	I	The caught question her off guard .
tr	O	Ned was right ; she couldn 't let the Taliban win by remaining caught in their web of fear .
tr	I	His features flattened just a bit , just enough to let her know she insulted 'd him .
tr	I	My frenzied gaze probed the room again , hands my shaking as I dragged them both through my hair .
tr	I	A of feature most of my family .
tr	O	She touches the wool curtain , smiling .
tr	O	Chapter Eighteen - Finn I rocked back on my heels and cursed under my breath , an empty hollowness residing where my heart used to beat .
tr	I	It sounded like such a foreign and word meaningless here .
tr	O	Before she had met him she had never even known that this piece of her even existed .
tr	O	I said good morning to Claire , grabbed a cup of coffee , and went to my office to do some work .
tr	O	But what happens if there are other people around us during these situations ?
tr	I	Andrew a shrugged little .
tr	O	Around the bend , she stopped .
tr	O	He made a gesture .
tr	I	He 't wasn leaving .
tr	O	They browsed a while , then visited the splendid temple beside the square .
tr	O	I was losing control of my body ... I was losing control of this situation .
tr	O	What they wanted were quiet solutions .
tr	I	He 's as ready he as 'll ever be .
tr	O	It 's only two days away .
tr	I	She closed her eyes and remembered the firm of heat his lips .
tr	O	I wanted to sob , but Gavin hadn 't said I could .
tr	I	We 'd lucky been ... until now .
tr	I	Zane sat , watching the blood seep from the on gash his forearm .
tr	O	Life was going great until one morning I heard her scream .
tr	I	All of my memories were rushing in back a hailstorm of jumbled facts and torn remnants of a child 's imagination .
tr	I	It 's with filled gold , jewels , armor , and swords .
tr	I	Now that I can see , looks it like the writing is in a very old style of Latin .
tr	O	Monk ran toward it , hopping a bit on his wounded leg .
tr	I	They were on opposite sides of the battlefield , locked forever in a ferocious war that would only end in death .
tr	I	When I Derrick felt 's presence at my head , I checked my position .
tr	O	Which meant that there would be times I would be going into special training on how to fly a small ship .
tr	O	He looked about 70 years of age , people were saying .
tr	O	Swan stumbled forward toward the edge of the shelf .
tr	I	Pip looks a little more peaceful than she did before -- the cuts all are cleaned up , and some are even beginning to scab over .
tr	I	Because August had and disobeyed fought , Hiromi had toyed with him .
tr	I	I would stick to tight him until Riley and Diego got back .
tr	I	Royce then seemed to come out of whatever had over come him .
tr	I	The Rus leaders were about adamant military training .
tr	I	Luke didn 't sound bitter , weary just .
tr	O	A dark-haired boy with a thin , pale face stood staring at me .
tr	O	I told her how I had worked late and missed the bus .
tr	I	The nodded man and stepped forward again .
tr	I	I lied to next her .
tr	I	One false move and might this never be put back together again .
tr	O	Sir Rupert raised his eyes to the roof .
tr	O	Then , spreading her wider , he lowered his head even further and ran his tongue over her clit .
tr	O	He looks down at the empty cup and places it back on my desk .
tr	O	We are immortal , yes , but under the right circumstances we can die like any other living thing .
tr	O	I knew you wouldn 't let me down . '
tr	I	A sick , empty feeling opened inside me of .
tr	O	I believed I 'd felt his hand squeeze my arm .
tr	O	Soon , they would all flow free on the same current .
tr	O	Above the ancient remnants of the once grand Coliseum , there is a crowd of demons looking toward the center .
tr	I	There were no of sparks fiery amber in her eyes .
tr	O	Kate ignored them and accessed her contacts .
tr	I	So I twisted and around dove .
tr	O	The men weren 't moving now .
tr	O	Two difficult births in one night -- Mrs Barker and now Miranda .
tr	I	It was a strange and , had she to admit , gorgeously intimate gesture that made her feel something deeper than warmth .
tr	I	It most was likely a question that would not be answered by skipping stones .
tr	I	Had it really been so long since she 'd opened up that didn she 't know how to do it anymore ?
tr	I	I hadn even 't considered the idea .
tr	I	He put his hands on arms my .
tr	O	The mounting questions forced her to turn her imagination elsewhere , though it did her little good .
tr	O	As I pop the last bite into my mouth and then drain a glass of milk , Mom smiles .
tr	O	Please , don 't let all that progress be lost .
tr	I	They act all tough and masculine but when a certain time comes just they lose it all .
tr	O	The witch brought her hand to Rourke 's face , her dark red nails flashing as she slowly caressed the back of her knuckles down his cheek .
tr	I	She smiled up at him a uncertainly little .
tr	I	Wetting his head , she poured shampoo into her palm and to began work it through his hair .
tr	I	Sometimes I wished that Mama leave would me alone and quit quizzing me about my day .
tr	O	If that guy hadn 't been a vamp , he could still have killed her .
tr	O	He gave his head a simple shake .
tr	O	Everyone , except for the biker , turned and glared at me .
tr	I	I 't can tell which one .
tr	O	His next hit caught me in the temple , and I saw stars , but it didn 't slow me down .
tr	O	But the cool air distracted him from his misery just enough that he could drive another mile and then another .
tr	O	I sigh into my shoes as I tell you this .
tr	I	She didn 't have a chance to reply because the door flew open when we were the climbing last step .
tr	I	She see could that was all the information she was going to get out of him on the subject .
tr	O	The message came with such certainty that she wondered if she wasn 't getting some divine advice .
tr	O	I frowned at his phrasing .
tr	O	She whirled to face Noah .
tr	O	Time will tell if this drug was too late to help my wife , but I 'm told it shows great promise .
tr	O	Casey didn 't need to worry about my feelings that day .
tr	O	He kept the volume high and the door closed , uninterested in speaking to Kourtney .
tr	O	He didn 't think Leo even noticed him leaving .
tr	I	Kate said he could buy her an apple crumble if he wanted really to .
tr	I	Those words , the and finality with which the dark-haired girl had spoken them , haunted Elena in the recreation room the next day .
tr	O	Ben 's smile vanished .
tr	O	That didn 't mean he was alone , though .
tr	O	One was a cleric , who clutched a bible to his chest and chanted a constant stream of Latin .
tr	I	She left the room wearing a gold bathing suit with a shimmer slight .
tr	O	She 's still staring at the unfamiliar house .
tr	O	Why couldn 't I feel anger inside me ?
tr	O	That 's what ... it is ! '
tr	O	They all became instantly alert .
tr	I	Now I understand , as can I see some a lot better .
tr	O	She had no idea how she managed to get the words past her strangled throat .
tr	I	Minster stood in the phone booth for a moment , fiddling with coins her .
tr	O	But I 'll relay the message to them and ensure that Isaac meets you in time .
tr	O	He 'd be toast within an hour of direct sunlight .
tr	O	She struggled to hold herself together , trying to catch her breath .
tr	O	The starlight was a white burst against his irises ; for a moment he could see nothing else .
tr	O	I know what her scream sounds like after a spider infestation and that 's not it .
tr	I	I take the stairs three at time a , clutching the railing for balance .
tr	I	He grabs a from plate the cupboard .
tr	I	We called both out Vivian 's name simultaneously , but still she didn 't answer .
tr	I	Could this be better any ?
tr	O	Just thinking of prom made me reminisce about that night .
tr	O	How could she not ?
tr	I	He had a low voice southern .
tr	I	It would also it make impossible for her to investigate Ben 's disappearance on her own .
tr	I	He narrowed his eyes Liam at .
tr	O	His eyebrows furrowed in confusion .
tr	O	Convincing everyone else would require nothing short of a miracle .
tr	O	I 'm hoping she 'll land on her feet .
tr	I	Grave robbers treasure and seekers have been searching for the Amber Eye as long as there has been recorded history .
tr	I	The best you can do is the cover biologicals with leaves .
tr	O	Fifteen The moonlight bathed the small bedchamber in a pool of soft silver .
tr	I	CHAPTER 9 Adam towards strode the entrance of Rick 's gym .
tr	I	I was aware peripherally of and recognized the guards shadowing me on my short walk home .
tr	O	As well as can be expected for being a prisoner and a test subject .
tr	I	He could probably feel how fast her heart racing was .
tr	O	I had her attention , and she was responding to my femininity .
tr	O	It smelled good , so Jin took a bite .
tr	I	Is this how the new elite of country our looks like ?
tr	I	Grace , still in her baby swing next to the couch , opened her eyes sucked and gently on her pacifier , unimpressed by the news .
tr	O	Emelia slid the floor panel back and felt the metal casing of the safe .
tr	O	The last thing she expected to do after a day like this was celebrate .
tr	I	A moment later , she frowned held and it out to him .
tr	I	The cart be will ready after the meeting tonight , so you will accompany us .
tr	I	Maryanne was surprised by how she much was enjoying the company of this man she 'd considered a foe .
tr	O	She felt as if she was in a bizarre world .
tr	O	He 's done a good job , there .
tr	O	The two nodded at each other and turned away .
tr	O	The shoe materialized on her foot , and she laughed .
tr	O	Leaning his head against mine , he contemplated the question .
tr	O	Her blue eyelids fluttered for a moment .
tr	I	He at nipped my lips , his teeth pulling , tasting , his tongue lapping me .
tr	O	I just said the magic word , and now Holden is going to show up and turn everything to crap .
tr	O	There was definitely a country song about this .
tr	I	' What that about one ? '
tr	O	' Were you really jealous of that other lad being with me on set ? '
tr	O	The flames were clear and moving quickly through the forest .
tr	I	Now he was one the smiling at her .
tr	O	A great fatigue washed over me , and I fell to my knees holding my belly .
tr	I	Despite being secluded from news , even she knew Queen Miranda was not adequate , and she would be stepping up to together stitch a fraying kingdom .
tr	I	In a plane this big there must be bathrooms two .
tr	O	Straightening , he kept his gaze locked with hers .
tr	O	My hand stops and I wait for more to come .
tr	O	Folk would have spoken with familiarity of battles and warlords , as we today talk of celebrities and sports teams .
tr	I	Xing changed whole his persona .
tr	I	But then she carries on , deciding I not 'm her business .
tr	I	The following morning , after those were goals met , Marcus and I were back on the road , off to the Potato State .
tr	I	He everything risked to bring it down , betraying both his king and the Church .
tr	I	It was warm cozy and in the store and it smelled of old wood .
tr	O	She hands me the microphone .
tr	I	He pressed to it Joseph 's throat .
tr	I	The elevator lurched a to stop and the doors shivered open .
tr	I	The crowd began reluctantly clapping .
tr	O	I stood up and helped her off the bed .
tr	O	The morning sun lit the surface of the glass , shimmering the hues .
tr	O	Jesus was walking with his disciples over the pastures and visited the people .
tr	I	Maddie asked Kara in disgruntled a voice .
tr	I	Together they saw a lot of in action the jungle .
tr	O	It was a place Lil and he decided so long ago .
tr	O	Knowing this as a bad sign , he knelt down by the creek .
tr	O	She reached out then , and put her hand on his cheek .
tr	O	It seemed to come from the earth itself , vibrating the floor against Jenny 's feet .
tr	I	His eyebrows drew together as frowned he .
tr	I	She wasn 't any making sense .
tr	O	Especially with the way he was looking at me .
tr	I	The resulting disruption was too much Brick for .
tr	O	Making his mark sending a message .
tr	O	We launch into conversation , Travis and I jumping into basketball talk and how much we rock .
tr	I	I was at the to bar tell Pat I was pregnant but then I saw you and needed to apologize .
tr	I	She picked up a jug of wine in one hand and a tightly covered jar in other the .
tr	O	You know the principles .
tr	O	' You get a look at that dead dog in the guy 's bed ?
tr	I	I had my cardigan halfway unbuttoned when was there a rap at the front door .
tr	I	Every day , it seemed , she delight took in defying him .
tr	O	We all perk up at this news .
tr	O	It wasn 't until the limo disappeared around the corner that I started to panic .
tr	I	I stopped there , unable go to any further .
tr	I	By the time he got his mask straight she disappeared 'd like the morning mist .
tr	I	Daemon 's sigh traveled the through whole downstairs .
tr	O	He wouldn 't be able to stop this attraction between us .
tr	I	Suddenly there was a snarl , and the of flash cold steel as a sharp dagger was pressed hard against her throat .
tr	O	Everything about Mrs. Patterson was complicated , so why not her tailoring ?
tr	O	I notice that a few others throughout the crowd do the same .
tr	O	he spat , venom in his voice .
tr	O	Maybe Alicia had been like so much luggage , to be discarded as easily as the past when one 's foot was out the door .
tr	I	Perhaps it was due to her many in times the chambers , four in all , many having been for extended periods .
tr	O	Cass , however , had more important topics to discuss than nobodies who didn 't even game any more .
tr	O	Are you ever going to stop growing ?
tr	O	He was ambitious and blessed with celestial gifts she could only wonder at .
tr	O	I hit accept and gathered the courage to speak .
tr	I	She could do less no for his emotional one .
tr	O	It was a good idea and a surprising one from Jasmine , who tended to run to extremes .
tr	I	I still had plenty of time before I had to be home , I so decided to explore the rest of the building .
tr	O	Down went his boxers .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure I could convince her to leave me Leif with so close now but I was going to try my hardest .
tr	O	That made it pretty clear .
tr	O	Simone wasn 't sure what to make of him .
tr	I	It is matter a of refusing to look .
tr	O	He 'd heard about tons of jobs with the oil pipelines coming out of Alaska .
tr	O	A seemingly frail man in a Charlie Chaplin suit , he had always managed to find a lot of assistance .
tr	O	I knew she froze because the sour cream dropped to the floor .
tr	I	I didn 't ask questions and she 't didn give answers .
tr	I	We are in desperate need of the services of of one your kind , and have not the money to pay .
tr	I	' Ever them needed ? '
tr	I	Waited a for moment the body to settle and then felt the neck for a pulse .
tr	I	It will , and should it .
tr	I	Unfortunately , Mayor Fritz didn 't want any of type notification to the public .
tr	I	I couldn 't help come but along .
tr	I	With a few touch-up , it like looked an oil painting .
tr	O	I narrowed my eyes , unsure if I should be offended or not .
tr	I	I crossed to the bathroom and on flipped the light , which gave him just enough illumination to read the contents .
tr	I	She took to right Lorelei away .
tr	O	Tiffany was turned round and once again looked into the blurry face while strong hands gripped her arms .
tr	I	she threw over her shoulder as she out walked .
tr	I	But wasn she 't .
tr	I	Her father would contrive conversations about school and she what was learning and which subjects she liked .
tr	O	The other vampire frowned , thought about it , and then made a sound of frustration .
tr	O	The floor shaking sounds of the brass band had me jumping around with my new friends .
tr	I	What if cried she and clung to her nurse instead ?
tr	I	My mind wandered elsewhere and for few a minutes , I was somewhere entirely .
tr	O	I 've already come this far .
tr	I	Dever walked quickly up to the abandoned car .
tr	O	While Helen witnessed the drama unfold , Simon moved to the back of the room and spoke with Cian .
tr	I	Soma kept her eyes on the horizon , which was bringing the distant mountains with closer every step .
tr	I	I would make a fool myself of and destroy the production .
tr	I	She stepped and back threw the knife .
tr	O	Mike looked at his watch .
tr	O	There was only ... Lisa turned back to the bed .
tr	O	But the wood that nicked him pierced Dove to the heart .
tr	I	Jeff 's manner Kathy surprised .
tr	O	She looked up when he approached and he was pleased that she leveled the pistol in his direction .
tr	O	He felt tense , aware that he might break through into scalding water at any second .
tr	I	I past step him and limp into the house .
tr	I	But stupid aren they 't .
tr	O	She wondered if going out on the boat with them all at night was a good idea .
tr	I	The song of told the trials and tribulations the young man went through in order to , eventually , win her over to him .
tr	O	Mum 's a hairdresser , so she can give me haircuts without worrying about the pay .
tr	O	She went out to a dark corner of the shantytown and met with a group of a half-dozen Goblins .
tr	O	Ryan looked at his friends in disbelief .
tr	O	The sheriff , lying on the floor , covered in his own blood and organs , turned his head and looked at McCall with black eyes .
tr	I	Waking to find a shotgun levelled at his face , ... however that was new .
tr	O	Archer had done nothing .
tr	O	What would they say ?
tr	O	Another cheer went up from the men .
tr	I	I 'm sorry it came to this , really , I am , but I you thought understood .
tr	I	The soldier dead was .
tr	I	Hell , I 't didn even know if I had internal injuries .
tr	I	Slowly he began reading the Code next .
tr	I	It was nothing he 't hadn already thought about himself .
tr	O	I 've never been in a war but everyone knows wars are to be avoided .
tr	O	Allan had left the bottle of scotch , so I poured myself another drink .
tr	I	She blushed a little ; there no was hiding it with that fair redhead complexion .
tr	I	She tried smile to .
tr	I	From up on the ridge , a huge yellow cat stood in silhouetted the sunlight .
tr	O	Alone to revel in the knowledge that she 'd finally gotten the truth .
tr	O	She let out a sigh as she rested her head back and ran her hands through my hair .
tr	I	Tell him we 'll land on the mainland and then take a to chopper the island .
tr	O	After what seemed an eternity in hell , he 'd finally figured out how to break free of her .
tr	I	I 'm the they guy don 't have to pretend with because I wouldn 't know what they 're saying regardless .
tr	O	Dayan dealt with that problem immediately , not waiting for the shelter of a roof , but ripping aside cloth and dispensing with footwear in every direction .
tr	O	The sound of approaching footsteps turned our attention to the end of the tunnel .
tr	I	I my opened eyes .
tr	O	He wondered if she had slept at all or spent the night weeping for her friends .
tr	O	He just turned and walked out , shutting the door behind him .
tr	O	I agree with you about the tomatoes .
tr	I	Maybe I just could not believe one of my kind own , even turned , would do such evil .
tr	I	He doesn 't have a brain in his head , and latest this incident just pushes the point home .
tr	O	He caught her wrists and returned her hands to her lap , then dropped the sunscreen bottle between her legs .
tr	O	And I knew I had to talk to James because Brady told us to take care of each other .
tr	O	They 'd been found so soon .
tr	O	We will sing one song for the old Kentucky home , For the old Kentucky home far away .
tr	O	I could hear the people .
tr	O	I don 't lie and I don 't cheat people .
tr	I	I her helped pick her apples down by the bushes .
tr	I	The he way must have been ... before .
tr	O	He 'd gone too far ; he should never have kissed her .
tr	I	Rose her sealed resolve .
tr	O	She pretended to be totally oblivious to the tension between me and Wes .
tr	I	Matt turned the dial to the setting listed on the sheet taped to the front the of radio .
tr	O	The burn is almost intolerable .
tr	O	A low throaty growl lifted Scott 's gaze to the door and he saw a silver coyote framed in the doorway .
tr	I	He was clearly trying to break the ice and impress with Kathy a joke .
tr	I	The phone up picked .
tr	O	Kayla and I hold hands after exiting from the limousine and walk toward a line of other couples in the humid May night .
tr	O	Parker followed her , while Savannah got one more look .
tr	I	Kate turned abruptly , almost bumping into the ornate Tiffany lamp on the table the by door .
tr	I	I turned and around he kissed me .
tr	O	That didn 't mean he understood it .
tr	I	The man small gestured to a seat .
tr	O	The post was in response to the clamour for exposure of the true nature of his cause .
tr	I	Besides , 've I waited this long .
tr	O	Claimed he 'd seen it happen .
tr	O	I just didn 't think that this would be the way that I would start it .
tr	O	Half human and half vampire .
tr	I	I back gazed toward the road in front of me and away from the happy couple in the back .
tr	I	And knows she it .
tr	O	He had not disappointed her .
tr	O	He had not wanted to be the center of attention .
tr	O	She decided she quite liked kissing .
tr	I	Alma traced a fingertip over the curvature of Kane 's nose , absorbing his tears her in tight skin .
tr	I	The man outside from !
tr	O	Thanks to Mike , she couldn 't put off facing her personal life much longer .
tr	I	Once again reining in the irritation that 'd been lurking ever since he crawled out of bed , Myles waved Jared away 's concern .
tr	I	* * I * don 't intend to fall asleep , but I do ... until the hunger pulls me away from my restless dreams .
tr	I	he took drink another of Po .
tr	I	He be 'll along in a few minutes .
tr	O	The only curvy part on her body was her butt , which looked too prominent for the rest of her body .
tr	O	For that matter , neither did William until this past June .
tr	I	With my blood at its boiling point , my are fists flying .
tr	O	Despite the reason we were here , the look on her face made me smirk .
tr	O	Yet in the end it passed by a landslide in both the House and Senate .
tr	I	They walked over to Denny and me like looking super models .
tr	I	She heard another growl , it seemed far away but ( was very close ) and he rolled again , this time into her .
tr	O	His voice was filled with remorse and frustration .
tr	I	He had saved for months and now used for it everything .
tr	I	Now , my mommy gone was .
tr	O	I had only an hour and a half to find mine .
tr	I	But then you could not ' stop trying ' in the right way and the for right reason until you had tried your very hardest .
tr	O	A pair of eyes peered up at them through the door crack .
tr	O	Someday she 'd leave everything and everyone else behind for a man , the man , the perfect man .
tr	I	All his longing and desire were in plain his eyes .
tr	O	It was going to be a while before he lived that one down .
tr	O	She waved at him , unable to completely rid herself of the silly grin she wore .
tr	I	Jacob neared the truck just as the police pulled up along with a Land Rover he recognized as to belonging Spike .
tr	O	We shouldn 't have put you through that .
tr	I	He didn 't bother to hide his 's body reaction to her .
tr	I	The demon marched up to reception the desk .
tr	I	I tasted glassy rain my and own wet hair tangling across my face .
tr	O	Took them six years !
tr	I	For the second time in a row , fail I .
tr	O	Turn most of them off .
tr	O	I close my eyes and move in all the ways that feel good .
tr	I	She was trying hard remain to neutral .
tr	O	Bod was ready to argue or simply to negotiate , but he saw the hurt look on Thackeray 's face , and he relented .
tr	O	There were towels on the floor , a toothbrush and open toothpaste on the vanity .
tr	O	When it faded , I recognized Maddox .
tr	I	His every word sharp is and succinct .
tr	I	Slowly most the of flock , stroll away , leaving one of the largest of the sheep within Pierre 's reach .
tr	O	Ridiculous as that seemed .
tr	I	He jumped and up headed for the squad room , intent on finding Cara .
tr	O	Jess lifted her gaze up at me and frowned .
tr	I	Sir Hugo 's suggestion seemed to Daniel proof that there was something about his which birth meant that he was not a gentleman .
tr	I	Kylie yanked at the chains , by repulsed the idea of being his bride .
tr	O	He means to turn me in .
tr	O	she asked in a blunt tone .
tr	O	The others followed in rapid succession .
tr	I	He was one of the Seven Deacons chosen to care for the poor of the community Christian in Jerusalem .
tr	I	The last shot you fired from that ... antiquated excuse for a weapon you have went off uselessly the into air .
tr	I	He didn move 't from where he was , even when officers called his name one floor down .
tr	O	So we came here and squatted on this land .
tr	I	Gabriel buried his face in the of warmth her neck .
tr	O	He meant to look into her eyes , try to see if he could make her see sense .
tr	I	I noted his attire and roamed the room with my eyes to be sure all others were as suited I as was .
tr	O	By the age of twenty-five he was smoking three packs a day .
tr	O	I took a pen out of my shoulder bag and made the smallest of blue marks by the middle hinge .
tr	O	It was no use he was gone .
tr	I	Then memory another came back to me .
tr	I	I on was the streets fighting , surviving .
tr	I	Ash at glared him as his teasing persisted .
tr	I	CHAPTER Nick 3 cleared his throat .
tr	I	She looked sexy as hell in her silk black that nightie I bought for her .
tr	I	Then Ivy claws her way into back my mind , stoking my anger and the desire to return the pain she caused my family .
tr	I	I hastily tried to cover both his and own my positions .
tr	O	Hayes frowned lowering his gaze , studying me letting me award a score one for the level ten Estrogen pumping overtime .
tr	O	I look around , hoping no one saw me have a mini orgasm .
tr	O	I was so out of here .
tr	I	His expression manifested in screaming and biting of instead crying or saying he was sad .
tr	O	I looked back at him , and he gave another sharp nod of his head .
tr	O	I saw it with my parents last weekend .
tr	I	Eve aimed it the at demon .
tr	I	Rafe stared down into her face , knowing what should he do but still hesitating .
tr	O	I prick my ears open to see if they mention Jana .
tr	I	She glared at him from her beneath lashes .
tr	I	The walls and ceiling were made of opaque , smoky ice ; even the sparkled chandelier with a thousand icicles .
tr	I	It wasn as 't if he tossed and turned until his sheets were covered in sweat .
tr	I	Those things he had blocked for so many years , stung around the of edges his mind , soon they would break through .
tr	I	Much our of school district was the same income level , so everyone got along pretty well .
tr	O	Nothing particularly new there .
tr	I	Losing the basis for 's one prejudices is always very painful .
tr	O	Coral sighed , fished a tattered handkerchief from her sleeve , and wiped her face .
tr	I	She 'd meant never to hurt him .
tr	O	I am happy he has returned and that we have seen each other .
tr	O	I was almost halfway out of the cafeteria when my phone started ringing .
tr	O	She darted her gaze to the cream-colored wall to her left , shocked by the utter intimacy of this conversation .
tr	I	I didn just 't see how .
tr	O	The interior was black , except for the smoldering hearth .
tr	O	She had underestimated the time it would take to pack and be ready .
tr	O	The festival would last a full day and night before ending -- loud enough to hear even through the thick walls of our house .
tr	O	There is no motion , nor is there light .
tr	I	Eva started cry to in earnest .
tr	O	Her dyed blond hair looked fluorescent against her pale skin .
tr	O	The small Embraer Legacy business jet taxied down the private runway .
tr	I	From there , it traveled to her ear , which was already to beginning itch .
tr	I	Had the infamous Logan Quinn just asked to me go back to his room with him ?
tr	O	He wanted to stand up , go over to her and speak to her .
tr	I	They thought a serial killer was on the loose , but the was truth much worse .
tr	I	I wanted to taste him , feel against life my lips , push aside the button , the zipper , and lay claim to what was beneath .
tr	O	They left the setup alone and went to the office .
tr	O	She began to feel frantic .
tr	O	Boone knew Delilah could take down any of the men .
tr	I	she prompted anxiously , once the call connection been had ended .
tr	I	So surely the best thing to do is simply wait a and while let things calm down .
tr	O	That night , Jain lay awake on her palette while Eliza snored next to her .
tr	O	When they cleared , the 767 was over land again .
tr	I	And Damien ... Damien is husband my .
tr	I	We need to know why these things are and happening you might have valuable clues that will aid us .
tr	O	Smiling would have implied that I found her outfit amusing .
tr	I	The worst part was not knowing if the reptiles would stay where they were or follow would them .
tr	O	And her name was MaryAnn .
tr	I	Too tall for a rat or an alligator , too short a for human being .
tr	I	' Or feel for sorry myself . '
tr	O	Heat rushed to my cheeks .
tr	O	He runs his thumbs across my palm and takes in a deep breath , then carefully releases it .
tr	I	The moment he was finished he erased their memories and left the three of sitting them comfortably inside the overhang of the doorway .
tr	I	Our senses were well working enough , though .
tr	I	Sloane sucked in a breath startled and clenched her fists .
tr	I	The beneath floor him shudders and the window shatters .
tr	O	She could admire vengeance like that .
tr	O	exclaimed Megan , admiration in her voice .
tr	O	She would 've known him anywhere .
tr	I	Even in these odd conditions , my of appreciation his dark , commanding beauty still hadn 't escaped me .
tr	I	She pulled a thin stack of papers from envelope the .
tr	I	' Does this of kind thing happen to you often ? '
tr	O	Macey looks like she could sleep and I don 't want to disturb her too much .
tr	I	I thought we were minutes from the center this morning , and we 're still even not there yet .
tr	I	The tears returned to eyes his again , this time running down his cheeks .
tr	I	My addiction controls me the at moment .
tr	I	... Surprisingly , Damien doesn 't up show for orientation .
tr	O	This was not one of his best days .
tr	I	It was now just a marker time : it came into his life for three brief moments each day before disappearing back into the past and future .
tr	O	He turns to face me directly .
tr	O	I sat on one the bottom of one of the empty bleacher sections .
tr	I	He peeked me at and I bit my lip as I looked at the older couple riding up with us in the elevator .
tr	I	As my hand closed around them the lights went out and the only electricity was the stuff the in sky .
tr	O	His family makes their money selling scrap iron to the Japanese .
tr	I	Somebody hit her regularly as if would she be a boxer 's bag .
tr	I	He was carrying a large cardboard box with words the Pizza Hut scrawled along the side .
tr	I	Which turned out to an be understatement .
tr	O	Lovely woman I thought .
tr	I	Letters been had burned into wood .
tr	I	They would not expect me to his take place .
tr	I	A landscaped sweep of greenery and spread flowers out in front of it in barely tamed splendor .
tr	O	Hadrian shook his head .
tr	O	Normal fires are yellow or red .
tr	O	She 'd had been some near misses .
tr	I	Jennifer up picked her hot chocolate and tried sipping it .
tr	O	He dropped his bag in the entryway and stormed across the living room , falling to his knees in front of her .
tr	I	With her , would it just be kinky .
tr	I	He let out a savage howl , crushing me back against bricks the as he pumped his furious release into me .
tr	O	And , too , my heart hide for I shall at this rate it also eat in time .
tr	I	Social chair duties , figured I .
tr	I	She until waited she heard the water running then went back to Momma 's trunk .
tr	I	Sean sat up studied and Danny 's profile .
tr	O	I punched his arm playfully .
tr	I	She ached and throbbed at the feel of his hand her stroking .
tr	O	It also occurred to her that there may be a serious situation in the Wagner household .
tr	I	He still felt some loyalty to Rose Amber , hadn 't been with anyone since .
tr	I	I muster smile a .
tr	I	Amy loved coming to visit guys these .
tr	O	The colonel had been cleared in Max 's murder , at least as far as Davis was concerned , but her husband obviously had doubts .
tr	O	I didn 't know he was Gay until I went to his office and found out that he was being discharged .
tr	I	Even in war , 'd we win a victory and then spend twice as much energy writing songs about it .
tr	O	The mirrors were cracked , her bedding and much of her clothing had been slashed , the pictures torn from the walls .
tr	O	I was left only with the one thing that had never been far away for the last five years - desire for him .
tr	I	It has of evidence the Leopard 's gruesome crimes , but he keeps it hidden in his possession , because he needs the information in it .
tr	I	' No , about men coming in and your kissing hand . '
tr	I	Getting down on her knees , began A.J. to corral the basil she 'd spilled under the table onto a piece of scrap paper .
tr	I	Nate faced him directly and elated was to see a look of fear across his face .
tr	I	Yet , no charges had come in through weeks .
tr	O	The author humbly begs your pardon .
tr	O	Gloria sipped her tea , sending him a thoughtful look over the rim of her cup .
tr	I	Her dark hair so was straight it didn 't curl inward to frame her face .
tr	O	Unaware that I voiced my thoughts out loud , I 'm frozen as Andrew grabs my arms and my eyes meet his anguished expression .
tr	I	Finally I had her and this my was chance .
tr	O	Then , who was this sixth Shade ?
tr	I	Our end of the table just watched Cole and Maxwell , as they if were waiting on them .
tr	I	A sudden flash of worry coursed through her , she and didn 't speak after all .
tr	O	she asks with an overly friendly grin that makes me feel as though she 's talking to a child .
tr	O	I hear a lecture coming .
tr	O	I look away , embarrassed .
tr	O	She hadn 't been able to duplicate them perfectly , but she 'd come pretty close with her own formula .
tr	O	I don 't have any money , and this farm , if you can call it that now , is all I have left .
tr	O	You never wanted me !
tr	O	I didn 't think of that , but it makes so much sense .
tr	O	Madison asked me over , but I told her I still feel weird .
tr	I	Her uncle smiled and quietly put one finger under her chin .
tr	I	He 'd always been cocky , thought of better myself than he was , and treated everyone around him like shit .
tr	I	Sage liked him , and Manuel seemed to Sage like .
tr	O	The three of us ran into the building , and the head cleric gasped , standing up from his seat .
tr	O	The other two guards left and the Sergeant shouldered his rifle .
tr	O	The girls walked to the indoor ice rink .
tr	I	Wayne 's violent and possessive behavior would surely bring him to door the where he would pound his fists and scream to open up .
tr	I	She taller sits , going back to playing with her doll .
tr	I	The part of my being that had felt achy over happened what with Dee warmed , and that warmth spilled over .
tr	O	No one could tell and no one took notice .
tr	I	The twinkle in Liam eyes 's told Sean that he agreed .
tr	O	She huffs and moves out of the way .
tr	I	Hale 's called father again .
tr	O	My phone was ringing in the pocket of my book bag , but I ignored it .
tr	O	Overhead , a black bloom of mold stained the roof , marking an old leak .
tr	O	Turning , Jenny walked over to the window , staring out at the starlit night .
tr	O	The desperate look in his eyes when he says please prompts a surprisingly sympathetic reaction from me , way out of left field .
tr	O	The deal had become irrelevant .
tr	I	He 'd to stick it .
tr	I	Mortimer opened his mouth , and then abruptly snapped it closed , his teeth together grinding .
tr	I	he said his as body tensed .
tr	I	It no longer had anything to do his with shoulder and the bullet wound .
tr	I	I quickly Marlene dial 's house .
tr	O	I made a face .
tr	O	Her whole demeanor inspired good manners .
tr	I	Immediately my heart caves as I listen to my sister 's tone tearful .
tr	O	That 's how he had been at that age , indestructible .
tr	I	I up reared and sank my new fangs into the side of his neck and ripped happily .
tr	O	My door flung open , but Jagger pulled me out the passenger door before Alexander could reach me .
tr	I	It must 've been good a kiss .
tr	I	You add just more stock options .
tr	O	McBride switched off the engine , and they hoisted the sails , both main and jib .
tr	I	And so responded Andrew as he realized he was meant to , by offering his own hand .
tr	I	His voice was flat hard and .
tr	O	There are only a few warlocks who can do dimensional magic .
tr	O	Chief among these was the conviction that it was going to be a long journey home .
tr	O	I don 't know how we 'll be able to see a thing , never mind figure out where we 're going . '
tr	O	Men in The Brotherhood didn 't act that way , so without slowing she simply rolled her eyes and blew it off as visitors acting out .
tr	O	She unfastened her belt , rising from the ground as she did so , tightened it up , and placed it back around her waist .
tr	I	Every single second I spent 've with him , will be gone .
tr	O	Tammie reflects back to the day it all happened .
tr	O	The market was abuzz with the speculation that the whole drama was staged to get the attention away from a federal probe .
tr	I	He grinned the all more .
tr	I	He sounded if as he thought they might have been mocking him .
tr	O	Usually she never has to say anything else .
tr	I	The sunlight made a rainbow it where passed through the falling water .
tr	O	But Jax wasn 't listening to Nikki 's words .
tr	I	I want discuss to today 's shots .
tr	O	And people like Brett and his Russian mob associates killed those who failed very , very slowly .
tr	I	But then there was only wall a of black .
tr	I	I rose to full my height .
tr	O	Nick nodded at the two teams .
tr	I	I 'd wanted call to him a liar .
tr	I	Mac was grateful , once again , that his mom and had dad adopted him .
tr	I	Truth is , 're you a daughter to me .
tr	I	The creature soared over me , land to at the mouth of the alley , a good twenty feet ahead .
tr	O	Alex gave him a few feet , noting that Gage kept the rope fastened to his harness .
tr	O	He is too old for women .
tr	I	The nurse promised to an keep eye on him .
tr	I	He turned to again the girl .
tr	I	Jones gazed at me with an intensity I 't hadn seen before .
tr	I	I 've that learned firsthand .
tr	I	He glanced at companion his .
tr	I	Mrs. Henderson 's hand trembled as she dug through her purse the for remaining pennies .
tr	I	Her head throbbed slightly with the beginnings of headache a .
tr	O	Hannah leaned close as if she knew what Josie was thinking .
tr	O	Logan 's gaze dropped to the bodice of her dress , his thoughts clear for her to see .
tr	I	At her side had been a girl , barely past twelfth her summer .
tr	O	He stood there for a few moments unmoving .
tr	O	The Orb will see to that . '
tr	I	Quickly , she gathered up the net , which Jake took from her when pulled he himself from the drainage hole .
tr	O	I don 't want him to see me like this , so thin and sickly .
tr	O	Cathy asks quietly , her soft voice breaking whatever strange spell I was under .
tr	I	Xander could feel the tension through ship the .
tr	O	I glared at him , but took his advice and pulled my rifle forward as Bret disappeared .
tr	O	She shook her head .
tr	I	He spit beer out nose his and began coughing .
tr	I	The world governments were to going start pressing buttons and making phone calls soon .
tr	I	Addy told herself not to look over , but her eyes shifted in Noah 's in direction spite of herself .
tr	O	' Low , ' said Merry .
tr	I	Where ' We ' want be to !
tr	I	She seemed to have gotten over her initial shock , and her narrowed eyes shrewdly .
tr	O	Dolan , the grand duke , and certain predictable nobles were among the inner circle granted admittance , along with their personal guards and retainers .
tr	O	Over at the club .
tr	O	Take her flowers or some kind of shit women like .
tr	O	He took me to the last room and opened the door , allowing me to go first .
tr	O	The maze , our weapons and clothes disappearing , our conversation .
tr	O	What if I talked to him ?
tr	O	When he finished the water , he took his sweet time standing up .
tr	I	The drone gave no that indication it had understood .
tr	O	Kristin turned to look at me .
tr	O	Maybe our violent natures were the product of those who created us .
tr	O	They had been too young .
tr	O	Jax settles her death rays on me .
tr	O	He ended his lecture with a whistle blow as everyone watched Jeff run his suicide drill .
tr	I	He had been told that his quarry was here , sure and enough he found him .
tr	I	The trident sails the through sky .
tr	I	The anonymity that I had always preserved in Jerusalem was now to impossible maintain .
tr	I	He could not say what it about was the animal , but it was definitely like Storm .
tr	I	Hewitt had followed the woman a couple of times , but he hadn 't been able find to out much about her .
tr	O	Despite feeling a little sore , he could see how people could develop a passion for horseback riding .
tr	I	Each pair was a except couple Luke and me .
tr	I	Brian opened his eyes to see the lights were green , as three drivers behind him started leaning their on horns .
tr	I	No , he disappoint will you again .
tr	O	He and Owen go there a lot after a round of golf .
tr	I	Those who had been loquacious enough a week earlier now remembered nothing had and no time for further interviews .
tr	O	What ' s wrong ?
tr	I	She probably wouldn see 't Guy for months .
tr	O	Immediately , the heat began to rise between them .
tr	I	In response , her drifted mind farther into the darkness of the universe , escaping the pain her body felt .
tr	I	I 'll hold you that to .
tr	O	Right now we 're going to Aunt Krystal 's house .
tr	I	He thought he could almost a see sparkle in the old man 's eyes .
tr	I	Men created hierarchy to put order society in and became hungry for power .
tr	O	Blood smeared the scaly , flabby lips and dripped from the huge mouth .
tr	O	When she did that , his body surged upwards .
tr	O	Seeing Patrick in the flesh brought all the pain and heartache back to her .
tr	I	Carmine recoiled as his uncle fired off two shots in his direction , the unexpected startling noise him .
tr	O	She 'd valued tradition and frowned on Lorraine 's having chosen a small emerald necklace in lieu of the usual engagement ring .
tr	I	Save for the inorganic sound of there waves was utter silence about him .
tr	O	Henry turned to his mother for her reason .
tr	I	As the plastic hammer clicked again and again , I cringed with the of impact each bullet .
tr	I	As she 'd told herself earlier , she wasn 't the in mood for chit-chat .
tr	I	I decide it 's for time another star .
tr	I	Her first inclination , always as in such circumstances , was to dig in her heels .
tr	O	She rode directly to the two-story wooden stable building , only reining in once she was fully within its walls .
tr	I	That means I can feed 62.5 square at meters a depth of 10cm .
tr	O	I was the killer inside of Shane .
tr	I	He blinked , took a huge bite , and made a as face he crunched .
tr	I	At the heart of the darkness , a flaming glowed fountain , bubbling mostly near the surface , occasionally splashing higher .
tr	I	I refocused my attention on the blonde short and found her watching me , her hands clasped together hopefully .
tr	I	Warriors poured through the opening in the with circle bows , spears , and swords in their hands .
tr	I	This didn 't distort the text , and Siri carefully inched forward , at looking the words .
tr	O	She shook her head and trotted towards them .
tr	O	Through the slits of his eyes Jason saw the guard stir in his chair .
tr	I	He had seen more death and tragedy in the past week than should anyone see in a lifetime .
tr	O	She 'd meant the easy way Sean disarmed her , the way he turned what made her angry into something wonderful he 'd done for her .
tr	I	Blood , thin and shockingly green , spilled through new the slit in his leggings and dripped to the ground .
tr	O	The right leg has been cut and ripped from hem to waist .
tr	I	I wanted run to , but there was too little strength left .
tr	O	She looked at me with strangely hopeful eyes .
tr	O	If Addy had been in a laughing mood , she might 've chuckled at Dylan 's sarcasm .
tr	I	Jayden to turns me , narrowing his eyes .
tr	O	Illness , misfortune , perhaps even death .
tr	O	A tiny person was standing on the cliff .
tr	I	I couldn 't contain surprise my .
tr	O	You belong here with me .
tr	O	She then noticed the door of the shack being opened , and promptly clicked her fingers to make the stone she had hurled disappear .
tr	I	Chapter Twenty-six Mia 's went eyes wide as she realized he was taking her straight toward the pool .
tr	I	How would I convince people a that we were all created equally and with just as much worth .
tr	O	A sudden gust of wind rustled through her jacket , and her red hair waved out above her back .
tr	O	She went on and on about the sights she saw and the museums she 'd gone through .
tr	O	Of course they 'd be the first ones we 'd suspect .
tr	O	The new guard returned along the path and spoke to the braves at the canoes .
tr	I	- You 're too just fast , I can 't follow you with my human eyes .
tr	I	Deckard could hear keys clacking away the under desk .
tr	O	I left my sister sitting at the table in tears .
tr	O	Her hands touched his throat .
tr	O	There are several different kinds of T cells , each with its own function .
tr	I	To the right , nothing destruction but .
tr	I	She knew him enough well to know what had happened was far beyond anything he had expected .
tr	O	The door to the pizza shop flew open .
tr	I	Eventually , he sauntered over to protective the height of the washing machine .
tr	O	Curious , I look for the photo .
tr	O	I found Quinn looking down at me , his expression guarded and neutral except his eyes .
tr	O	Her fear probably wasn 't completely genuine , she was just getting herself all worked up the way people do .
tr	O	She was about to start to cry again .
tr	O	But the tree was rapidly becoming the purpose of tonight .
tr	O	I 'm a ... I 'm a soldier in the army of the Men of Liberty .
tr	I	It is I you want .
tr	O	He changed the subject again .
tr	I	That was all the main battle leaders for accounted .
tr	I	This mission is obviously very to important all of us .
tr	O	Troy had a reputation for his temper , but this was the first I 'd seen of it in the two months we 'd been dating .
tr	I	What does tell that us ?
tr	I	I looked at him , puzzled , not sure really what the U meant .
tr	O	I help him first , swinging my Katana high enough to behead the Crawler .
tr	I	the older said one .
tr	O	And what better way to study than to have a first-hand account right before her eyes ?
tr	O	He couldn 't go on like this anymore .
tr	I	But I have my and car his cell number .
tr	I	With a low growl , he headed for her room , and next thing she knew he laid her down on bed the .
tr	O	And by the time we got back to camp , everything was soaked through .
tr	O	Lex grabbed his arm .
tr	O	It was only on account of Niccolo that he brought me from my mother 's house .
tr	I	I think need we to talk , ' she said .
tr	I	I at followed a more reasonable speed , though with little more control .
tr	I	She turns , spotting a dead branch on the next tree aims and for it .
tr	I	I guess was he waiting until I stopped crying .
tr	I	That was what he 'd told been .
tr	I	Which , despite all the urgency , no one could any find signs that such an event was scheduled for any time soon .
tr	O	So he just began walking in stride with me .
tr	I	Byron had her killed assailant .
tr	O	That was the problem , really .
tr	I	Watched his stomach strain against the tight shirt as he also moved around trying to comfort find .
tr	O	She settled back against his chest as she sank toward exhausted sleep .
tr	O	He stopped and gave me a hard stare .
tr	O	But Xander was gone , and that was something that couldn 't be ignored .
tr	O	Betsy was trying to soothe her .
tr	I	The impassive blank eye unsettled him . .
tr	I	He had not allowed that courtesy amongst scores the of defeated wolves who were all now kneeled in front of him .
tr	O	' Didn 't we decide not to do it that way ?
tr	O	My belly will be full , and for the first time in as long as I can remember , I feel hope .
tr	O	Nick was sitting in my living room about to go over Esme 's murder book .
tr	O	With my mother 's appearance , he politely excused himself .
tr	O	Resilient , it tried to get back up , so Mike brought the mace down again , pulverizing the remaining half .
tr	O	Her dark eyes were shining with merriment .
tr	O	If he hadn 't caught her off guard , the kiss on Friday night would never have happened .
tr	O	There 's strong magic in the air .
tr	O	Nico asked , intercepting me .
tr	I	All that stuff how about you were suffering fugue states during which you tried to kill yourself .
tr	O	I missed the animals though they were trouble in the winter .
tr	I	If she 'd to wanted turn back now , it would 've been too late .
tr	O	He hoped he could have it backed up near the trees and he would make a run for it .
tr	O	The same thing the preacher would after living his life through a lie .
tr	O	And I was willing to compromise to get him .
tr	I	Americans come never to Boracay .
tr	I	The only other sound 's the sweep of the tumbling water past moving my feet .
tr	I	Mike couldn 't believe it , even not after they 'd been escorted back to his room by a security guard via a private elevator .
tr	I	The telly wasn 't even on , he didn 't even a have drink or nothing .
tr	I	He now lives as slave a to their literary appetites .
tr	I	That characterization was false patently .
tr	I	She held on gave and me a lingering kiss on my cheek , looking into my eyes with love and relief .
tr	I	* * * The day Ares was born was the happiest of life my .
tr	I	She was flitting around the kitchen searching for her mobile phone , but she stopped as soon as she me saw .
tr	I	Page studied my face as wondering if if I was being sarcastic .
tr	O	You 're the best I 've seen .
tr	O	His precious freedom was vanishing before his eyes , by leaps and bounds .
tr	O	We shook Geoff 's hand and told him we would be back tomorrow night with a status report .
tr	I	When she 'd mentioned her visit the following morning , he 'd told her he gone 'd for a walk .
tr	O	The pathway that you 're walking on will lead to what you dread .
tr	I	The cathedral full was .
tr	O	I needed to tell her about Ashlyn , and I guess now 's as good as time as any .
tr	O	He slipped on his sunglasses and started the engine .
tr	O	he finished drying his hair with the towel and then threw it into in the wash chute .
tr	I	In that moment Kaleb became a bright shadow inside a brighter sphere , and he seemed to hover above the pool rather float than upon it .
tr	O	As they circled the property , he started downward in the midst of some trees .
tr	O	The easiest distance was to reach the staircase .
tr	O	I shake my head and bend down to pick up a pair of shorts and one of my shirts off the floor .
tr	I	The stories of men and , yes , of women , were circumstantial too to be doubted .
tr	I	He also knew Ashe 's father would never consent conscription to .
tr	I	But first - stiffened It .
tr	I	And I stayed with them longer than I in should order to keep myself safe .
tr	O	He was flying as high as the car would go .
tr	I	Savannah watched in astonishment as his fingers flew over keyboard the .
tr	O	Howard intended to exact retribution , but this new information required patience .
tr	O	He claimed he hadn 't known the rifle he took from Marshall 's shed was the one that had killed Jason .
tr	I	On the day we leave both us of feel fully refreshed and excited again about our trip .
tr	I	It was time , though he couldn hear 't the chimes over the crowd .
tr	O	But as I went through the names , I realized there was no one I could trust who would believe such a wild tale .
tr	O	She shook her head , but didn 't say anything else .
tr	I	He died hero a .
tr	I	I held it to my chest for a moment , heart my speeding out of control .
tr	O	When the door was shut , he materialized and put the whammy on her .
tr	O	She identified herself and asked to speak with someone who was familiar with boating .
tr	I	He was elated he something remembered .
tr	O	The door moved and he peeped out .
tr	I	A look of exasperation Diane crossed 's face .
tr	I	Mike followed him into hall the .
tr	O	Those things had come down that ramp and torn through the barricade with enough force to scatter the cars like a bomb had exploded beneath them .
tr	O	We can stay out all night if we want to .
tr	I	She noisily shut the door flopped and on her bed .
tr	O	On another note , even with the help of a tanning bed , I 'd never had as bronzed a tan as that .
tr	O	Way , way out there .
tr	I	I walked up the stairs , took which more energy than usual .
tr	O	I froze with my hand on the door .
tr	I	She was a veritable Vanna in White the game of domesticity .
tr	O	I pulled at her coat , pulled her as hard as I could hissing Come on , Mom , come on !
tr	O	And so it went as the meeting addressed issues from the building 's basement to the penthouse where they all sat .
tr	I	I 'm going to find a private investigator and try to an put end to this .
tr	I	I noticed the burns for the time first .
tr	O	Kristy slid into the back seat .
tr	O	He 'd come for answers and so far he hadn 't gotten any .
tr	O	I looked over to Sheena , she had also ended her call .
tr	I	Rourke stopped , around spinning .
tr	O	If it did we would certainly get on to it .
tr	O	They had come out in time to see the giant 's expression change from pride to confusion .
tr	O	Laughing , Nicole retrieved her hand and got into the SUV .
tr	I	A of pack wolves was such an unusual sight , even she hung by the window as we all peered from our seats .
tr	O	She didn 't question the impulse that drove her .
tr	I	She couldn 't Rupert leave , not when he 'd begged her to stay .
tr	I	With a cry Simone abruptly sat up in bed , her fingers tender from where the had amulet cut into her skin .
tr	I	I looked at back Tim .
tr	O	Things had been amazing since our waterfall picnic .
tr	O	She began to look elsewhere for affection and fulfillment .
tr	I	Their focus was their on daughter , instead of me .
tr	I	Her reception was warm in some places , tepid others in .
tr	I	He blinked me at .
tr	O	It sat beside the Chicago River , a tall , square column of symmetrical windows with a famous copper dome on top .
tr	I	Soon after being exposed to the contagion , victims exhibit symptoms typical of viral many infections .
tr	I	Jim laid on back the bed and closed his eyes , Never been to Vegas before , it could be cool .
tr	O	I 'm the high priestess of my coven .
tr	I	Doesn 't anywhere get though .
tr	O	Everyone grinned at Gabe and he had to laugh .
tr	I	He a tracks row of pelicans as they skirt across the water .
tr	O	A Face Time call ... I muttered a curse right before LJ rounded the corner , phone in hand .
tr	I	He looked at carefully me .
tr	I	But already it fading was .
tr	I	His stretch lips across his face before retracting .
tr	O	Ethan closed his eyes and leaned his head against the back of his seat .
tr	O	Lydia carried her yarn and needles around with her , so her hands were constantly busy .
tr	I	How are you feeling , Harlow Ms. ?
tr	O	Then I heard Emma call Sam in an agitated voice .
tr	O	She was a mess , and this news was the greatest thing she 'd ever heard .
tr	I	This is lookalike some , a dead ringer on the other side of the country with a kinder , softer spirit .
tr	O	My father brought his first Thoroughbred several years after he 'd married my mother .
tr	I	She 's sitting on a porch somewhere with Greats the .
tr	I	It to looked Gareth like he was close to crying .
tr	O	His body had responded instantly to her .
tr	I	We had 've her for some time , although we didn 't know what to do with her .
tr	O	All I could see were blood gushing out the monsters bodies , howling in pain until they dropped limply on the ground .
tr	O	Carla 's tense expression fell , devastated .
tr	I	She women saw in the backstage dressing room .
tr	I	She was dating Devin , had been some for time .
tr	I	Her gaze slid from away his .
tr	I	It 's Dallas like is already dead .
tr	I	But , based on the message you left me a week and a half ago I felt though as I should call you .
tr	I	They were of all sizes , some thick as boughs or thin and wispy , wrapped in layers and as tangled rope to hold him in place .
tr	O	It seemed ages before she heard a soft step beside her , and Jocelyn knelt and put her arms around her .
tr	O	I feel he is just getting warmed up .
tr	O	A choice that was previously non-existent .
tr	O	Just then the door burst open and Maddie stuck her head around the door .
tr	I	I sat , and he scooted me up to table the .
tr	I	Time seemed slow to to a crawl .
tr	O	And another thing , your discoveries are strictly confidential .
tr	I	But I an 'm adult now .
tr	I	Echo looked at uncertainly the salve .
tr	I	She hung up the phone and pressed a over hand her pounding heart .
tr	O	He grinned back at me .
tr	O	It had a slight hunch and was carrying something .
tr	I	His blood ran cold the at thought .
tr	O	I looked down at it in appreciation .
tr	I	We did some business him with a couple years back .
tr	I	The chuckle that emerged from mouth her was obviously forced and false .
tr	I	And knowing makes that me want to avoid it as long as possible .
tr	O	The nerd who had never clipped the hair in his nostrils nodded .
tr	O	At the time , he hadn 't thought anything about asking his newest flame to join him .
tr	O	Something pushes her to help the weakened girl , struggling to resist the slowly closing portal , pulling her in .
tr	I	All the time chasing them through the house , listening to their yelling , breaking my toes on guns their and rocket launchers left on the floor .
tr	O	I had seen that intimately with Mistral , once a god of storms .
tr	I	Faye understand could why Louise had walked away that morning .
tr	I	He was aware that wasn Eileen 't Alexi .
tr	I	I wanted to go back into the cell , to run away , my but body moved forward , like I was being called to him .
tr	O	Maybe he was a different man in her bed .
tr	O	He pulled out the cards and began dealing .
tr	I	Not too many farm have wives indoor plumbing , but Erik wanted to make sure you had every convenience he could provide .
tr	I	Her shone eyes with love and excitement .
tr	I	She didn 't much remember .
tr	O	He 's not flying in until that morning and has to go back to Sydney the same afternoon . '
tr	I	The was mistake made .
tr	I	I gulped , shook then my head quickly .
tr	O	They floated to their respective offices .
tr	O	I drifted into a doze around dawn , although I was wide awake when the alarm went off .
tr	O	Vlad was dressed , to my disappointment , sitting in a chair with an iPad on his lap .
tr	O	If we wanted a Longhorn bull , we would pay top dollar for him , or else we would pay a fee to hire him every year .
tr	I	Her mind zapped back the in answer no time flat .
tr	I	There no was time to kill him .
tr	I	she demanded a with hint of impatience .
tr	I	The claws will attach the box to the set second of laboratory doors .
tr	I	Despite the damage I caused , I was still denied my wish marry to Julius .
tr	I	Derek my kissed cheek .
tr	I	Instantly , Anna 's began cheeks to flush .
tr	I	Spike looked across at Terri , who was just opening eyes her .
tr	I	Jacob shook the manila in envelope his hands .
tr	I	Haven nudged him playfully with elbow her .
tr	I	He could live with comments heartfelt like that .
tr	I	I 'm not duty on this weekend .
tr	O	I 'll tap something , and if you hear it raise your hands .
tr	O	He shielded Billy 's helpless body with every ounce of strength he had .
tr	I	It 't wasn a suggestion .
tr	O	The collar would have a shine to it , allowing me to see the name of the dog ; it was Scraps .
tr	I	And shopping , but that 's just common sense , a bonus when you 're doing business with Dean and Cook Kiss the Cook Productions .
tr	I	We approached Rosa on foot time this , the shuttle parked a mile behind us .
tr	I	Julia waved hand a and laughed .
tr	I	She 'd a had great laugh .
tr	I	Our only lips pressed together .
tr	O	He was still a coward when it comes to a woman and any emotional hurdle .
tr	I	Peter slowly steps down continues and to scan the basement , in awe of this self-made laboratory .
tr	I	She sucked a in breath and blurted .
tr	I	People were fed generally up with the broken promises , long working hours and lack of State protection against exploitative bosses .
tr	I	The gas tank miraculously seemed intact but front up , under the motor , was a different story .
tr	I	The Captain of the Red turned at this time the to north to return to his homeland and report the presence of the black ships .
tr	O	I turned to address Lili .
tr	O	I can 't think what to do .
tr	O	She stared at her with furious eyes .
tr	O	I left it up to Sean , since I was the one that hurt him so much .
tr	I	My best friend is living a similar situation in theory yet completely different in intensity .
tr	O	It happens on holiday weekends .
tr	I	She looks to close tears .
tr	I	Little sound made it into paths the except from above where the tops of the rock ended at the sky .
tr	I	Tavi elected roll to with the situation .
tr	O	Mountain Song told Alma that the girl is still alive and she will always be alive , servicing men as she has done for thousands of years .
tr	I	She made me promise to call if I anything heard .
tr	I	A grin of pure amusement flashed Ruth across 's face .
tr	I	My world was crashing me around .
tr	I	He gave Eric a sharp look that Eric told he damn well better agree .
tr	I	In the old days he had been beginning to show a few grey hairs ; but the now beard which swept his chest was pure gold .
tr	I	The frown 's he wearing only adds to that impression .
tr	O	There was a guest list -- I had helped my mother with it -- and this stranger wasn 't on the list , was he ?
tr	I	So now Volunteers the were supporting the Dublin Corporation .
tr	I	Not wanting to distress them further , he continued , hoping to wrap up things quickly now that he 'd gotten to the issue at hand .
tr	O	Once in the upstairs restaurant he chose a table facing the door , but in the far corner .
tr	I	I never believed it because I am immortal knowing and I will take my father 's place made me act as if invincible .
tr	I	When opened Carter the door , she grabbed her opportunity and scrambled out .
tr	O	Thank you for believing in me .
tr	I	A green ready light beckoned the above fifth .
tr	O	New Year 's Day ?
tr	I	She sat up very straight in her chair , her eyes seemingly and intent focused on the teacher .
tr	O	Like our forefathers before us , we will not accept the thumb of oppression .
tr	I	Clip it your on lapel .
tr	I	Why did he to refuse dine with her ?
tr	O	He sent Neil a chilly look in parting and slammed the door behind him .
tr	I	Not even someone in the air , camera down staring .
tr	O	Paolo smiled , mimicking her .
tr	O	That 's what the grandkids say to each other : ' put a lid on it . '
tr	I	In many respects it more was like an armoury than living quarters .
tr	I	But because two hours had passed , he was well on his way healing to .
tr	O	Just another item to ignore .
tr	O	I 'll get Matt Underwood to draw up a contract tomorrow .
tr	O	Your life , happiness , and welfare will be cherished and placed above my own for all time .
tr	I	He she knew was attracted to him .
tr	O	A man in purple windbreaker pants and a sweatshirt emerged from a side door .
tr	I	But other the stuff is easier .
tr	I	She 'd her promised father .
tr	O	And that was really okay .
tr	I	I needed his blessing make to sure Elliot 's show was going to be a hit in the midst of all the other paranormal gurus out there .
tr	I	He ran his tongue along the of curve her throat .
tr	O	Damien 's insides were strewn over the twisted metal .
tr	I	Gray to turned the man .
tr	I	Morgaine past stepped Emily .
tr	O	I couldn 't miss the pleading in Max 's voice now .
tr	O	She said nothing , as she slowly unbuttoned his pants and pulled them and his boxers down his legs .
tr	O	He guided the Porsche to its spot thinking she loved him .
tr	O	Some of his emotional mask had softened , and he displayed a very human look of confusion .
tr	O	Finishing the unwelcome chore , she was troubled to see a horse stirring a cloud of dust as it raced up her lane .
tr	O	He went quiet , and his usually cheerful and animated face was shadowy and almost grim .
tr	I	And the green returning was now as the pink faded away .
tr	I	She seemed to considering be their next challenge .
tr	O	Annie asked , as if this were beyond imagining .
tr	I	Nothing Fiona about was simple .
tr	O	I curled up on the sofa and thought about taking a nap myself .
tr	O	The rusty metal was heavy , awkward , and resisted their efforts .
tr	I	She was completely ignoring the verbal coming abuse from the young man .
tr	I	I opened my a mouth few times .
tr	I	Bob up took position in the alleyway and opened his attaché case .
tr	I	I say crashing into hard something behind me .
tr	O	Nothing seemed out of place .
tr	I	He to paused look at her once she was nak * d under her dress .
tr	I	Around him , her tight , silken channel gripped him hard , milking until the erotic torture nearly strangled him pleasure with .
tr	O	Given that choice , maybe death would be preferable .
tr	I	Sugar was the bad girl in the middle a of mother and daughter sandwich .
tr	O	I had my hand on the door handle when he asked .
tr	O	' He could be terribly naughty sometimes .
tr	O	It had taken all his considerable self-restraint to keep from storming into the diner and ripping the man 's heart out .
tr	I	It was way late too for that .
tr	O	What and why does he know ?
tr	O	That 's why I don 't mind coming home on occasion .
tr	I	It was during one of those nights when Joshua Mister and weren 't too far behind him .
tr	O	Particles of black soot drifted down all around the encampment .
tr	I	Throwing his arm my off shoulder , I wrinkle my nose at him and stalk over to a suddenly vacant bench to sit down .
tr	O	It is just your nasty mind that wants to make our relationship more intimate than that . '
tr	I	Now they simply went on what killing was left of his feet .
tr	O	My exclamation burst forth involuntarily .
tr	I	But , as also usual , I would be right .
tr	I	But as they crossed the burning room and he recognized the stench this of hell , he knew what had happened .
tr	I	But I couldn 't stop the voice in my head that told me that was I not enough .
tr	O	She still hadn 't shucked his loneliness from that morning in his wretched castle .
tr	O	He was also feeling incredibly guilty about their lovemaking .
tr	I	He was very nervous now and what was more he feel could himself blushing .
tr	I	Well , I didn 't mean to hurt you Didn 't mean to unkind be You know that was the last thing on my mind .
tr	O	She never knew Victoria was with her all along .
tr	O	For years she 'd prepared to be all alone when she got out of prison , and she saw now how painful that would have been .
tr	O	He looked up into the man 's face and saw another standing just behind him to the right .
tr	O	Then , her teeth pierced my neck .
tr	O	Tom peered at the curtains trying to see through them .
tr	I	But mustn you 't fear , my young friends .
tr	O	Things were manageable after that , but still not great .
tr	I	And I was so blown away by it I that didn 't ask him any questions .
tr	O	Angus appeared like a ghost out of nowhere in seconds .
tr	O	I 'm not looking at the corpse anymore .
tr	I	I could also it take a step further than making movies , and challenge a few of my competitors to go green .
tr	I	The had Hub seven floors .
tr	I	Maddie said absently , clearly engrossed her in book .
tr	I	I 'm just a guy who lost himself the in midst of losing everything else around him .
tr	O	In short , I 've despised outright lies , lying by omission , and obfuscation of any sort ever since the first grade .
tr	O	As if on cue , the decomposing mystic bellowed in rage and charged directly at Zoey .
tr	I	Even shared woman a once .
tr	I	You just to have get through this .
tr	I	There was none of the unrest and anger that filled had us earlier today .
tr	O	She approaches me first , clasping my hand .
tr	I	True to Gatlin form , the worst of the damage had been already hidden under the layers of fresh dirt Ridley was standing on now .
tr	I	Thom against struggled me .
tr	O	What 's that you say ?
tr	I	What was it about this guy that made her on babble ?
tr	O	She raised an eyebrow .
tr	O	* * * Lily lay in the curve of Travis 's arms later that night .
tr	O	The images bombard me .
tr	I	With a nauseating one crack leg broke at the shin but the rope didn 't slacken .
tr	O	The flesh around the cut is red and swollen .
tr	O	Don 't press your side to the canvas .
tr	I	She was holding it up as though weighed it nothing , the massive hand hanging limp from the metal wrist .
tr	I	Then she pushed her way gently out of his circled arms walked and slowly towards the tent .
tr	O	Remy cleared his throat .
tr	I	I told him he was being sentimental overly about something as mundane as eating .
tr	O	Callie didn 't fully believe he 'd be able to get tickets that easily .
tr	I	Of course , by now , no doubt you have read Annabelle 's diary and hopefully applied lessons any learned to your own life .
tr	O	Air formed solid , spinning wheels spread out across the plain like enormous scythes .
tr	I	His target was dead , and that good was enough .
tr	I	He stretched his long legs before toward prancing the front door .
tr	I	behavior , falling asleep with his hand still her teasing between her legs .
tr	O	Didn 't Susan know it .
tr	I	Spencer shrieked whirled and around .
tr	O	Her heart started to flutter , and she tried to keep it from pasting a stupid smile on her face .
tr	O	But she rolled over and shoved the blanket back .
tr	I	She covered it with her fingers , and warming thrilling him .
tr	I	There was no back going .
tr	I	We as might well make use of this adventure .
tr	O	It was a long time before either of them stirred .
tr	O	A lot to go unsaid .
tr	O	When she opened her eyes several minutes later , the sunlight coming into the room made her blink and her whole body felt weak .
tr	I	On monitor the , Kat 's footage began to play .
tr	O	But I have to get him to offer me the rest first .
tr	I	Show him around , him help understand the operation .
tr	O	Now he was in a coma .
tr	I	all three of asked them in unison .
tr	O	Vampires are used to translating people 's everyday thoughts into coherent sentences , but Elena 's thoughts need more translation than most .
tr	O	I attempted to reach out to take Shannon by the arm , but Keith deflected my hand away .
tr	O	' So , what 's changing ? '
tr	O	Cain 's headlights bobbed behind them as he pulled his truck to a stop .
tr	I	Move back and forth while admonished he them ?
tr	O	Ula shook her head .
tr	I	I listened and made comments , but I barely could retain a thought about anything except Griffin 's letter .
tr	I	I don 't like heights but my invisible barrier holds fast raising my confidence as I hover on the brink admiring view the .
tr	O	He placed a new label over the old one and wrote the day 's date on it .
tr	O	he asked , one eyebrow raised in question and a bit of cynicism .
tr	I	With natural a musical talent , he was already starting to play a tune instead of just making random noise .
tr	I	She 't couldn remember .
tr	O	With a haughty raise of her chin , Emma pivoted around and walked away .
tr	O	He rubbed my hands between his own , transferring some of the animal 's blood to his palms in the process .
tr	I	Noah 's favor is tied also to the ley line , isn 't it ?
tr	I	The theories never are -- ending .
tr	I	I didn 't mind helping Rosie with any work needed that done .
tr	O	We have to assume they are going to the satellites circling Earth .
tr	O	In three years he 'd graduate from high school and head off to college .
tr	O	But he would have to bide his time .
tr	I	She hadn 't given them a glance backward when she 'd left .
tr	O	Her hand was now in the middle of the aisle , reaching toward him .
tr	O	If nothing else , it would be something different for them to talk about at the over sixties club .
tr	I	But in the end , I my kept promise and headed to the lab to speak with the old man .
tr	I	I what knew was coming .
tr	I	We have a few pistols and automatics but they kept are under lock and key .
tr	O	A need is building low in my stomach and I feel like I 'm going to combust .
tr	I	Normal and expected , except for fact the that he did all this in silence .
tr	O	Please , think no more of it . '
tr	I	At the same time a flock pigeons of was freed just below them , their wings flapping the air like a drumbeat .
tr	O	I needed to stop .
tr	I	He knows how to direct the field , he but carries the bal more than anything .
tr	I	She wasn 't willing to give up yet , and already she figured this guy wasn 't exactly on the straight and narrow .
tr	O	That was his whole philosophy in life .
tr	I	Just because you hit an unmoving target once does not mean that can you hit that same target under pressure .
tr	I	I broke his nose , knocked out a few teeth , and bruised the shit out his of face .
tr	O	He flashed a grin at me as he touched his nose .
tr	O	She faced her new world with the same lack of fear she had faced her former life .
tr	O	Tavis blew out a silent whistle at the suggestion , then nudged Cullen .
tr	O	He returned a few minutes later .
tr	I	Never having seen it before , she 'd lifted it the from bowl and been repulsed by the thick slime that had dripped from her spoon .
tr	O	He looked dangerous now .
tr	I	He to began stroke her .
tr	O	It is the basic condition of life , to be required to violate your own identity .
tr	O	A helicopter buzzed by overhead as a convoy of large green trucks rumbled down the quiet street in front of the diner .
tr	I	Am in I over my head here ?
tr	I	Sam didn have 't any answers .
tr	O	Graham now stood in the front circle , which was reserved for family and friends of the pride .
tr	I	Her unwillingness to get each up morning was baffling to him , but he 'd let slip once how much he enjoyed watching her sleep .
tr	O	Relieved to find street parking , I pulled into a spot and dug for change to place in the meter .
tr	I	He was on getting in years .
tr	I	He was taking him onto down the tracks .
tr	O	The lights flickered on instantly , part of the security system that Cale had installed .
tr	I	He bumped against the wall almost and lost his grip .
tr	I	A sense of excitement frightened electrified the air .
tr	O	If anyone asks , I 'll say they 're all my grandkids and we 're on summer vacation .
tr	O	There was no need for anyone to get hurt .
tr	I	Unable to deal with the latter , Kevin figured he 'd better just her answer silent questions .
tr	O	When he was merely fifteen days old , they were in their home enjoying a peaceful evening , unsuspecting that danger lurked from above .
tr	O	He 'd broken all the laws of the universe for me .
tr	I	Shawn chuckled sank and back into the car seat .
tr	O	Silence in the room .
tr	O	After two miles I made a U-turn and started trekking through the woods .
tr	O	Malcolm sat in the room with her , wrapped within his customary silence .
tr	O	I was dying for him to just rip it from my body .
tr	O	I looked at him as we began to walk to my room and I finally asked my question .
tr	I	The meaning of announcement that echoes in her heart .
tr	O	Your freedom will come when you are ready .
tr	I	Kate up looked into his vacuous , zombie gaze .
tr	O	Then Kalani looked around and took in the situation .
tr	O	I thought of Stacey and when she 'd touched me while she 'd been talking to me about Sam .
tr	I	She was carrying child his .
tr	I	Before the curse of the gods of Saran came us upon , he visited the colony a time or two .
tr	O	You wanted your freedom , for whatever that may be worth to you , and I didn 't object to it .
tr	O	The fog had swirled and I could make out one of the buildings now .
tr	O	She tried to work out the consequences of each action .
tr	O	He looked away , taking long drags .
tr	I	His eyes closed again , but his grip the on stone didn 't loosen .
tr	O	He looked at me .
tr	I	Gaspar took a long rope and put it at the bottom of the tube and brought the rope some at distance from it .
tr	I	His footsteps with boomed great confidence down the stairwell , but caution has staid his tread as it did mine .
tr	O	I go through hell with them all day , and fuck my frustrations out with Bailey all night .
tr	I	I hoped he wasn 't too hurt badly .
tr	I	He looked the across grass and saw a dozen , a hundred tiny trees beginning their race for the sky .
tr	O	The hand which guided my elbow fell to Father Joseph 's side .
tr	O	Beck said something with a flirtatious tilt to his mouth and the girl leaned her hand on his chest and laughed , stepping into his body .
tr	O	He wanted his suffocating pain to end .
tr	I	Margo suddenly put a hand Jack to 's forehead .
tr	O	This may turn out better than I though .
tr	O	He puts his hands out toward me , palms up .
tr	I	It was as if he wasn 't sure that I knew he what was referring to .
tr	I	I back sat up .
tr	I	Prue her stamped foot .
tr	O	He didn 't have time to ponder this further as Sharon Halliday and Nicholas Pringle entered the room , talking animatedly .
tr	O	Charlie nodded a weak yes .
tr	O	Cathy spotted Alex coming out of the building and ran off to meet him .
tr	O	My back tightened as my body reacted to her .
tr	I	He 'd hated every minute of time his there .
tr	O	It was a dream of someone I do not know .
tr	I	Had Roman her missed even half as much as she missed him ?
tr	O	It began : Greetings .
tr	O	At the end of the path , I found a quaint , white picket gate .
tr	O	He stood up quickly , teeth clenched .
tr	I	Jason 's mom scooted the down row .
tr	I	Pippa tried to peer around his head see and what he was looking for .
tr	I	I went to one knee and lost my on hold the squeegee handle .
tr	O	It tasted so good , and I even dipped a few fries into the milkshake .
tr	I	Aunt Rocky cracked an eye that looked of kind red .
tr	I	If you have to go through this , Derek , if there 's no way other , then we have to learn to go through things together .
tr	I	She was given exaggeration to .
tr	I	You are her inevitable heir , so they belong you to .
tr	I	It was a long wait , one which finally ended he as slammed into the base of the Dead Tree .
tr	O	I sat alone until around ten at night .
tr	I	They stopped in a small just town off the waterfront for lunch and dined at a cafe in Via Molise .
tr	O	Ready and running out of time , he waved the kids below as smoke filled the upper half of the cabin and heat blazed down .
tr	I	I can 't believe this is happening actually .
tr	I	She out let her breath .
tr	O	He had to put it down on the table .
tr	I	An unmarried man who would love her take and care of her .
tr	I	Adelle gathered herself , watching his eyes make to sure he was ready .
tr	O	After a few minutes , they settled in the living room before the fireplace .
tr	O	She also wanted to spend some time looking at her dad 's face .
tr	I	And knows he that I know that he knows .
tr	O	She ran to the platform and was happy to see the train still standing there .
tr	O	And she immediately noticed that Colin was already in his chair , but he didn 't have a mug in front of him .
tr	O	His father raised his hands , holding off the million questions he had .
tr	O	Navy Seals slid down the ropes and landing with a splash in the ocean below .
tr	O	I groaned as my arms gave way from under me .
tr	O	Tomorrow she would start avoiding him at all costs .
tr	O	I laughed awkwardly as her smile grew .
tr	O	She was too hungry to be picky .
tr	O	Mary , Sergeant Sharper , had her hand on my shoulder .
tr	O	What if this girl is not just the flavor week ?
tr	O	Becky opened her locker , which had already been cleaned out .
tr	I	Kelsey glanced them at , her fingers twitching .
tr	O	She turned to me without fear .
tr	O	She bit down on her lip to avoid crying out , but she must have made some noise because Grey stopped .
tr	O	The clansmen all huddled together , then one stepped forward .
tr	I	Cy ducked and me pulled down with him as the helicopter flew over the garage hiding us .
tr	I	She smiled as they up kept with the beat .
tr	I	Soul shifted , placing fingers her over Hiro 's lips .
tr	O	He buried his face in his hands .
tr	I	I don 't want anything more to do it with .
tr	I	Sam at grinned him .
tr	I	Mr. Johnson is an old man with a large garden lives and by himself .
tr	O	The past rose around her again .
tr	I	A dress , she told definitely me .
tr	I	That was the first time he 'd hit her , but it 't wasn the most painful , just a glancing blow on the cheek .
tr	O	John had hit her hard enough to bruise her cheek , and her eyes were red and swollen .
tr	I	Not sure you want to go there a without lot of thought .
tr	O	He must be one of the ancients sent out by my father .
tr	I	He had a thin that mustache only added to the fierceness .
tr	I	But beware , corruption , greed and ambition won 't linger the in shadows for long .
tr	I	Nate struggling was to keep up and nearly didn 't see .
tr	O	I don 't think I 'd ever noticed , let alone liked the way a guy smelled before .
tr	O	Maybe I wasn 't in a rational frame of mind , but I chose to get that way .
tr	O	It doesn 't matter what he thinks of me .
tr	O	The room went quiet ; as if each were paying a silent respect for the lost Guardian , whose bravery saved Charlie from a terrible fate .
tr	I	Would you like to talk with the survivors other ?
tr	O	It takes immense concentration to walk straight .
tr	I	I will take care of if you they come !
tr	I	Maybe they could work on later them .
tr	I	Looking down at her paperwork , she sank into the numbers and forgot about her woes for at least a minutes few .
tr	I	Magic lashed at me in an icy wave , fetid , magic terrible .
tr	O	And at that moment , Mairi knew there was no point hiding from the truth .
tr	I	Choose from these we ere go , and may they serve you well ! '
tr	O	For three hundred and sixty degrees , in every direction the foothills of the Blue Ridge spread out below them .
tr	O	Finally she had found a pro bono lawyer and sued the Department of Defense .
tr	I	He offered a her steaming cup of coffee .
tr	I	Josette looked up her from stitching .
tr	O	I made a weird face and she hit me in the arm .
tr	O	They led him along the beach across a path of bodies , limbs coiled like serpents swarming amidst the sand .
tr	O	Howling , it tipped sideways like a broken chair ; already the next demon was trampling over its body , trying to get to her .
tr	I	She shouldn be 't able to access this kind of information .
tr	I	Chloe 's widened eyes .
tr	O	He cursed and fought the urge to punch the wall .
tr	I	I didn 't have the feeling of homecoming when entered I , the feeling I used to have as a kid .
tr	O	I took off the chain from his wrist .
tr	I	Arie sucked in her breath as she stared up him at .
tr	I	The vampire whose we shuffling 'd heard behind us revealed himself , Morgan pushing through the crowd , through the Rogues , until he stood before Ethan .
tr	I	The next thing I knew they had my bag and were we leaving the room .
tr	O	Faith shook her head .
tr	O	He points at me .
tr	O	Or , perhaps she 'd be trapped like this forever .
tr	O	The words seemed useless and my voice dropped to a whisper .
tr	O	Vanessa all but hissed between her pink lips .
tr	O	Waking from his nap , he stretched in his seat .
tr	O	You gentlemen can have your armour back , and we 'll try a canter tomorrow .
tr	I	The teenager took extra an step before she stopped and turned wide eyes in my direction .
tr	I	The onslaught becomes endless , instant every the boy isn 't attacking becoming Mai 's window of opportunity .
tr	I	As they watched , the remembered men their purpose .
tr	O	Preparing to throw down if things went to bad in a hurry .
tr	O	It was early morning and the fire had died down to embers .
tr	O	The sense of being an outsider , just coming in to take what he 'd paid for , was no longer in play .
tr	O	Chewy wondered how things could get any worse .
tr	O	I felt drips on my shoulders and noticed the wind had died down .
tr	I	Of course he know 'd the area .
tr	O	She hesitated when he didn 't rise from the recliner and mindlessly follow her into the bedroom .
tr	I	You to wanted shag me .
tr	O	I was glad when I turned thirteen that I didn 't have to go with her .
tr	O	Mary Jo used her fingers to wiggle the nail out , then managed to free the second one .
tr	O	He assumed the position .
tr	I	When you 're done , you can either hum the song to me or you use can your instrument to play the notes .
tr	O	Bria and Xavier stood outside .
tr	I	Verity her licked dry lips .
tr	I	When I mentioned this to the Mullins , John immediately a suggested party .
tr	O	And when she looked up from my application to consider me , I felt exposed and vulnerable .
tr	O	She had clearly set her mind to having a good time , even if she wasn 't feeling it .
tr	I	Tan leather covered the couch two and cushioned chairs .
tr	O	He held her gaze for a split second , then looked away from her , the muscles in his throat working .
tr	I	I stop calling you today from . '
tr	O	It sort of sucked sometimes , to be honest .
tr	I	So , needed she to hide it .
tr	I	I wondered if George had Aden a spirit , and if it would haunt a small , dark lake not far west of this one .
tr	I	The other defenders their surrendered weapons .
tr	I	She guessed the rain would fall as tonight a constant drizzle .
tr	O	Yet to be offered a chance to break the Winter Restrictions fed into wishes held since childhood .
tr	I	Then she remembered the time spent in his arms and doubt the soon faded away .
tr	O	But she shook her head .
tr	I	Other than the fact she that 'd never been more outclassed in her life .
tr	O	And if I 'm truthful to myself , then I can admit what I knew along .
tr	I	My hand reached for her elbow and I found myself leading her to the back the of line before I could stop myself .
tr	I	Of course was that before he got detached and sent back to Bradbury Lines to take on some of the training of wannabe SAS troopers .
tr	O	He swung it and it slammed into the blade as it was making a return trip .
tr	O	So even though he was beyond desperate to get her into his bed , he pulled over on a dark street and turned the engine off .
tr	O	His fingers drifted over the stretchy fabric to linger for a moment on her nipples .
tr	O	Ethan smiled and his whole face changed .
tr	O	He didn 't seem to hear her .
tr	O	He wasn 't moving or breathing .
tr	I	I would not want him further hurting family our either .
tr	I	She had no intention of breaking Derek heart 's .
tr	O	I don 't remember her face , only that she did nothing when they came for me .
tr	O	I blinked and his silhouette disappeared before our eyes .
tr	I	They can kill at a distance and operate on a low-power mode standby for years at a time .
tr	O	John had grown used to the Mist while building his relationship with Marcie over the past couple months .
tr	I	Caller ID displayed Virginia a area code and he picked up on the second ring .
tr	I	They had to turn it to sideways get it in .
tr	I	Having him here a is constant reminder .
tr	I	His eyes gleamed with an aching hunger that me held captive .
tr	O	I stood up , trying to shake the slight cloud of guilt suddenly trickling through my stomach .
tr	O	The futility of the effort sent a wave of desperation through him .
tr	O	I touched the brick with the toe of my tennis shoe .
tr	O	If I 'm not in school , he doesn 't work and we go on trips .
tr	O	He looked over the autopsy reports of all the victims in the Meyer case , including the people that had disappeared years before .
tr	I	Mr. James hands Asher the card that is now inside of a gallon bag zipper .
tr	O	Leslie Chambers had set him up !
tr	I	One of the officers looked at suspiciously Maurice .
tr	I	Surely the police would be here minute any anyways .
tr	O	She heard the wet , squishing sounds they made .
tr	I	Please don 't this let end badly .
tr	O	he asked , shoving a frustrated hand through his hair .
tr	I	I send her for coffee , she bring me full cup of cigarette butts .
tr	I	' Now that I 've got the full picture , I 'll go to on work it . '
tr	O	What was he not telling her ?
tr	I	They 're a all bunch of thieves to me .
tr	I	These are important men ; do not keep them waiting longer any .
tr	O	Without waiting for her reply , I approached my teacher 's defeated foe .
tr	I	Beyond , on the Green Carpet , the musketeers ' torch spread a of pool smoky light .
tr	O	Some people fix plumbing .
tr	I	Janet asked him without saying even hello first .
tr	I	In ambiguous matters such as these , you ought to make some of your rulings own .
tr	O	She looked a few years older than him , maybe fourteen or so .
tr	O	I just wish it wasn 't so damn hard to do the right thing .
tr	O	The owner is straightforward .
tr	O	Part of the roof was blown away over our heads , causing snow , water , wood and bits of metal to rain down around us .
tr	I	I he figured was scoring drugs or something .
tr	I	Sarah 's mouth open hung .
tr	I	She needed to kill the dragon it before killed her .
tr	I	It was probably the best thing I 'd ever had , except for the earth-shattering orgasms gave Ian me .
tr	I	Case asked them if could he pray for them or with them .
tr	O	Angela screamed in agony as the suited man broke yet another finger when she answered with something he seemed to doubt .
tr	I	Lucan had arrived in with Omaha as much pomp and circumstance as is expected from royalty .
tr	O	There was a bank of mailboxes to her left , with numbers on them .
tr	O	Cole was still rocketing up when he realized his mistake .
tr	O	She looked back up and noticed Mel .
tr	O	I put my arms underneath Winnie 's bum and she had her face against my neck and her arms around my shoulders .
tr	I	As if to prove his point , I looked at final the picture in the stack .
tr	I	He knew the way back they and followed him .
tr	I	After he had the secured professor , he went and had a closer look at Professor Anna .
tr	I	I had barely noticed Talbott , other than his size and stature , yet , Kiran 's blazing blue eyes my flooded memory .
tr	O	he said , as if he couldn 't believe what he 'd just done .
tr	O	He 's our traitor .
tr	O	He tried knocking on 437 first .
tr	I	I to need jump .
tr	O	As soon as he saw me enter , his cordial expression turned into a scowl .
tr	I	Trace just his shook head and kept running .
tr	I	Small life town soon followed .
tr	I	The on look her face said she wouldn 't stop .
tr	O	She wriggles against me , her center rubbing against my jeans and causing the blood in my body to rush downwards .
tr	I	Taking off everything except her underwear , she it lowered over her head .
tr	O	She felt pulled to him , like iron filings to a magnet .
tr	I	He stepped into the limousine , not even waiting for her reach to him .
tr	O	Finally , I can 't take it anymore .
tr	O	I raised my eyebrows at him wondering if he had gone crazy .
tr	O	A witch who could not bear .
tr	O	Like she 's slipping away and I can 't hold on .
tr	I	This be would my first pair .
tr	O	She never smiled for me now .
tr	I	You her love so much then you can have her .
tr	O	Deckard shook with anger and let out a barking laugh .
tr	O	I felt myself flush at his words .
tr	I	Of course , Sam , I 'd be a fool to be working my tail if off I didn 't have a few ideas .
tr	I	At her incredulous expression , nodded he .
tr	I	Please don 't say else anything .
tr	I	she bellowed , her holding hands up , annoyance edging her tone .
tr	I	That must 've been the I light saw .
tr	I	She opened the book scowled and .
tr	O	The dragon sounds like it ´ s in great pain as it moans .
tr	O	Footage was cutting from the riot scene outside the hospital , to the news anchor , to the live images from inside the building .
tr	I	She would almost she say felt sick to her stomach .
tr	I	She was real just worried about traveling with strangers .
tr	I	The weren shoes 't that important , but I wasn 't going anywhere unless I was armed .
tr	I	As I him release , she releases me .
tr	I	The superintendent finally got the school board to threaten lawsuits if the parents couldn 't keep their kids line in .
tr	I	He been 'd there a long time .
tr	O	I 'd fallen behind on the old reading and writing , you see .
tr	I	If the children could see the future , could they almost certainly do other impossible things as well .
tr	I	I married your mother for love and that ended in frickin a ' disaster .
tr	I	Either Princeton rowing coaches get paid very or well Reagan 's family has money through other means , based on the two-story house we pulled up to .
tr	I	The unpredictable tension they put his into life had quickly become something that he found wanting in its absence .
tr	I	Even more so from my new partner 's point of view -- he won 't stand for it a for minute . '
tr	O	Sarah thought of her eventual rise to power within the Brotherhood and now added Leah to be by her side in those aspirations .
tr	I	She decided to skip an important day in the life of her fiancée in favor of a activity self-serving of her own .
tr	O	Are you making calls ?
tr	O	I heard groaning , and only then did I realize that the rest of the squad was in the same predicament .
tr	O	He carried a stainless cup in hand and was sort of presenting it to me .
tr	O	It wasn 't a question .
tr	I	I couldn 't understand the how three of them had done that .
tr	I	He didn 't seem to be at concerned all about having been disarmed .
tr	I	* * * * * Ashleigh continued glancing between the coffin and Special Envoy standing nearby as the three women carried on gushing .
tr	O	Won 't the saint be the perfect intercessor ?
tr	O	The brittle pine needles Scanlon had warned him about were still blowing in the wind between the Kroger and Hemlock Street .
tr	O	Storm from next door with giant balloons sewn on to her chest ?
tr	I	And ... and the man who had come for Thomas on that fateful day didn ... 't he say he represented a firm called TGN ?
tr	I	A fire ball lit up sky the towards lower State Street .
tr	O	I might be doing some flogging of my own tonight .
tr	O	God , she 'd put a bullet in her head first .
tr	O	But I shook my head .
tr	I	I set hastily it down .
tr	I	The call was answered before the ring second .
tr	O	Which he was , all the damn time .
tr	O	But , no , I am not going against our values .
tr	O	She pretended to study her hair in the visor 's mirror , but she strained her Shifter hearing to listen .
tr	I	I walked from away the window quickly and to my car .
tr	O	She gasps as if surprised and then moans when my hands find their way beneath her shirt .
tr	O	She made a cartoonish face .
tr	I	That must the be Utah site .
tr	O	He 'd been ecstatic when her song had gone straight to number one and her tour had sold out immediately .
tr	I	I had been planning to call them today actually , to see how they were getting in on their efforts to raise the funds .
tr	O	The fire burning with impossible colours , greens and purples and blues .
tr	I	She hadn made 't it very far before our hormones had taken over .
tr	O	His eyes went down to that vein in my neck , as he continued in a husky voice .
tr	I	It was done in tempera egg on wood .
tr	I	The place entire felt abandoned , lifeless .
tr	I	The two hunters Quarry stood wide-eyed and speechless .
tr	I	I at glanced him .
tr	O	She wasn 't the sort of woman who weeps easily , your mother .
tr	I	I start to feel better the their moment music began playing .
tr	O	Please don 't do this .
tr	O	None of it is right .
tr	O	Edd knocked him to the floor .
tr	I	Her chin went up , her shoulders squared back and some of the blue fire that had been missing for these last months returned to eyes her .
tr	I	Dan said , following him the off elevator .
tr	I	You really losing are your touch Deborah . '
tr	O	Perhaps half the size of a carriage house , the mausoleum was situated with the stand of trees curling around and behind it .
tr	O	The feel of her against him soothed the savage fires .
tr	O	I would be out of my mind , too , if I thought he was cheating on me .
tr	I	Evidently she going was to have to play peacekeeper between them a little longer .
tr	I	He wanted to this see .
tr	O	You 're all going to die anyway , right ?
tr	O	The dusts fumed and few of them bounced on the table .
tr	I	I could do not this .
tr	O	Several of the goblins took a simultaneous five-foot step to surround Daphne .
tr	O	There was no other choice , so I shook off as much of the delirium as I could and started the engine .
tr	I	I cannot describe to you my sensations on the near prospect my of undertaking .
tr	I	It 's probably Samael in 's hands right now .
tr	O	And then her remembered warmth and fragrance was in his arms , surrounding him .
tr	O	Dean turned to a lady behind him and smiled .
tr	I	Taylor ... not only did he struggle with bi-polar from my father 's side , but his biological mother had mental severe issues .
tr	I	Of course , what really pissed her off was body his .
tr	I	It was all he could do to the reduce intense pain .
tr	O	But we were lucky .
tr	I	Lyssa sighed and looked the at freckle that she had forever .
tr	I	He 'd expected to grovel at her feet for days , hoping she 'd give him chance another .
tr	I	I was having two of my flying couriers over tonight .
tr	O	She pulled me up , and I danced along with her , and she started to laugh .
tr	I	Turning toward him , she held out her arms , waiting as he came forward , his lips sealing and hard fast against hers .
tr	I	' Do me a favour , Spike , ' Meatball mumbled later , as his hit head the total bliss of a soft warm pillow .
tr	O	But , I am here , so I will do what I can .
tr	O	I stand up and search around for Grams .
tr	O	Quickly removing the straw from her hair , Emma apologized .
tr	O	A knock sounded against the door .
tr	O	I found some photos and this old newspaper article about some place called Cookie 's Cafe , right outside of Fallen .
tr	I	His face so was cold .
tr	I	Was she one of them regardless of how hard tried she not to be ?
tr	I	The door upstairs opens closes and .
tr	I	* * Rory * felt ... cheated .
tr	O	She took the glass he offered , sniffing it with a frown .
tr	O	Hairs instantly stuck out across my arms and down my legs .
tr	I	No looking back only ... looking forward .
tr	O	Someone will try to hinder you and stop you , using the power of man and beast .
tr	O	I 'm just here to look for parts of an old shipwreck .
tr	O	In the living room were two packages sitting on the sofa .
tr	O	I needed to keep reminding myself of that .
tr	O	I let Dad lead me down the aisle toward Gage .
tr	I	Sierra heard a movement and turned find to Damien standing before her .
tr	I	He cleared his throat , his tone again changing .
tr	O	I lifted the com to my mouth as I ran for the stairwell .
tr	I	In side the of the mountain there were metallic hatches .
tr	I	She couldn 't handle getting heart her broken again .
tr	I	And I can think 't .
tr	I	It wasn 't Aaron who picked Neil from up the airport after all .
tr	I	I feel really since bad it was your senior prom .
tr	I	She her brushed hands together .
tr	I	I remembered Vinnie was collecting some information for me and we hadn 't had chance a to discuss it .
tr	I	Last night a was different kind of hell for me .
tr	O	They were made of stacks of bales of hay covered with cloths that showed rings of red , blue and white .
tr	O	His mother had received refuge there .
tr	I	I imagine I 'll get to him ask myself one day .
tr	I	For instance , marrying this off of Luanda to a McCloud : his father thought himself a master politician .
tr	I	The exec went in up my estimation .
tr	O	She seemed to take the treatments okay , although they made her tired and gave her an upset stomach .
tr	I	The ambulance arrives and I hear Andrew informing the EMT that Katrina pregnant is and that I am a physician who can help them in transport .
tr	I	I know that you successfully got Shutter Gillard off .
tr	I	Without them , the would others be lost in their decision-making .
tr	I	Tears began to fill her eyes , she tears resolutely refused to shed .
tr	I	I felt like every time I thought I had a new lead , something else cropped up to me make doubt what I thought I knew .
tr	O	Her siege engine of choice was a low-cut gown that went just a bit beyond the bounds of propriety .
tr	O	She laughed again at something one of the boys said .
tr	O	His tongue moved over the puncture wounds with healing saliva .
tr	I	Abelard 's black eyes bored me into .
tr	I	The speed of descent her astonished her ; momentarily , it shattered her reason .
tr	O	He met and held her gaze , then looked her up and down .
tr	I	Kids didn 't have huge backpacks when was I their age .
tr	I	When I open finally my eyes , I notice a lifeguard who had been enjoying his break on the other side of the pane .
tr	I	He dials his home phone number Istanbul in .
tr	O	Charlotte and Thomas whispered evil chants beneath their breath .
tr	O	She looked in the direction the noise was coming from .
tr	I	The voice coming from mother my 's left bosom sounds distorted and altogether lacks any human quality .
tr	I	I couldn 't breathe as I waited in the car for who was behind that door , although now by I already knew .
tr	O	A friend is opening a lounge downtown and I promised to go to the launch party .
tr	I	He found himself leaning closer , deterred only by the desk in of front him .
tr	O	And you could have two .
tr	I	Lea reached her corner , and seconds her started to work on her .
tr	O	And when she fell she sustained a very nasty fracture of the tibia -- the lower leg .
tr	I	If not for her fantasies about Joe she would 've feared she frigid was .
tr	I	Noel put hands his on his hips .
tr	I	She a clamps hand on my arm .
tr	I	She walked Tanner his to stall , then rushed into the house .
tr	I	I leaned over and his kissed lips , and he pulled me closer .
tr	O	And since we 're only going to drill behind the pictures , I don 't think we have to worry . '
tr	O	I murmur back , my tired brain unable to follow his train of thought .
tr	I	It should have been in a museum , behind ten pounds of bullet proof glass , and treated frequently with preserving chemicals .
tr	I	None of this would be a problem she if 'd never turned to him that night .
tr	O	Jeanine jabs one of the buttons with her finger , and everything goes dark .
tr	O	Hot for you - for your body .
tr	I	It be should awesome .
tr	I	It stole her breath and plucked away at the steel her around heart .
tr	O	I hadn 't planned on taking extreme invasive measures unless I found something suspicious , and I had .
tr	O	No one spoke after reading it ; they simply sat in silence .
tr	I	The ladder began sliding the along edge of the gutter .
tr	O	She dumped the bags and wrinkled her nose .
tr	I	He laughed and picked her up , swinging her around a in circle .
tr	O	After another half dozen blinks , I could be reasonably certain that what my eyes were taking in was , in fact , real .
tr	I	She ushered me toward the door I and felt a moment of panic .
tr	O	I tell you , it 's no wonder nobody suspected him over the missing people . '
tr	I	Pain I that knew he wouldn 't be in if it weren 't for me .
tr	I	Christina turns her arm over and slaps the inside of her elbow until vein a stands at attention .
tr	I	He pulled open the screen door , pushed the open solid wood door .
tr	O	I couldn 't speak at first .
tr	O	Blood poured from the stump , but Cuddles seemed to have no problem devouring that as well .
tr	I	We are in no position make to a quick retreat if things get nasty .
tr	O	A coward or a Queen ?
tr	O	Graeme swore even as pain knifed through his shoulder .
tr	O	The curve of his strong jaw , the broad cheekbones , the nose and lips that were slightly tilted , were all him .
tr	I	Fred Harkin determined was to rule with a heavy hand .
tr	I	His briefly gaze lingers on it before he looks up at me .
tr	I	Nora went into kitchen the and poured him a cup of coffee .
tr	I	Rhona another impaled throat and slashed another chest .
tr	O	She was still missing the companionship of her husband who 'd died two years previously .
tr	O	A shiver that wasn 't from the winter went through him .
tr	I	You make her think that you are sitting down the across table from her , ready to play her game .
tr	I	She started bawling her eyes out , about sobbing how she missed her only child 's wedding .
tr	O	If he is in the city at this time , and does not go to sacrifice in the Temple , then what is he doing here ?
tr	I	I look at Damien muscular 's back and catch a whiff of what smells like fresh flowers mixed with water .
tr	I	The last girlfriend of I his 'd really liked had been older than him , older than me even .
tr	O	It wasn 't the kind of confidence one feels when securing oneself with makeup but rather an internal assurance and peace .
tr	O	She figured he needed to be alone for a time .
tr	O	One at a time .
tr	I	Doctor Snow at looks me .
tr	O	And if she continued to deny it , she never would .
tr	O	He went out to sea , a storm came and sank the ship .
tr	I	I 'm just going to everything print .
tr	I	Listen , 'm I going to go .
tr	I	People all around them laughed , chatted excitedly , and cheered as after explosion explosion filled the night sky with color .
tr	I	None of the hangers-on played drums as far as he knew , so who was playing this his kit ?
tr	O	Swan 's father gazed intently at his son .
tr	I	Marc was headed toward the when door Lil called out his name .
tr	O	There were no lookouts posted on the porch .
tr	O	She flattened her back against the door .
tr	I	They didn 't know about all the ongoing , specialized training he to did keep himself in shape and his skills sharp .
tr	I	Hanging from the center of the was arch a wooden sign with hand-painted yellow letters .
tr	I	I shook my head and as gasped he pulled me back toward his naked , wet body .
tr	O	There was a blast of a horn that sounded like it was miles away , and I couldn 't breathe .
tr	O	Last night at Rafe and Hannah 's he had learned the terrible truth .
tr	I	The petite blond girl who played Ali wasn 't nearly as pretty as the Ali real was .
tr	O	It would have been so much easier if it was just the explosive chemistry between them , but he knew it was far more .
tr	I	Its tip pierced 's Jace skin , sending a hot stab of pain through his body .
tr	I	I 'm not going to have one of best my couriers waiting around just in case he needs a document pronto .
tr	O	And getting sicker by the second .
tr	O	While his palm is still open , I fish out the key to his father 's car and press that in as well .
tr	I	And cost it me .
tr	I	It was wild pretending to be on top of the water , instead of deep below surface the .
tr	O	She was with her mother .
tr	I	When it came time to start their family , she knew Jordan would be a wonderful dad his and parents would be ideal grandparents .
tr	I	Her voice echoed from the tall walls and high ceilings , putting the music to with shame its lyrical sound .
tr	O	I can 't answer that .
tr	O	23 I run back to the table , stumbling along the way .
tr	I	Light into streams the incinerator .
tr	O	I shouted into the air and I felt Lexi jump as my voice grew louder .
tr	I	Finally couldn Liza 't stand it anymore , especially since she was moving as fast as she could .
tr	O	Maia sat on the beach at Rockaway , looking out at the water , and shivered .
tr	O	Nothing you could do , Jess .
tr	O	He was shaking her awake and saying something she was too drowsy to understand .
tr	O	What I had done with Ric pissed me off .
tr	O	By golly , I was on the verge of being rude .
tr	O	When he released me I felt his reluctance as keenly as my own .
tr	I	The two of were them never supposed to meet .
tr	O	I try staring at the screen again , wanting the same search bar to pop up .
tr	I	At the end of the day , though , it be would Pierce 's decision .
tr	I	It a 's risky move .
tr	I	He 'd pulled his slacks by on then .
tr	I	I nodded to them both and then grabbed Joey 's wrist and his pulled palm toward my face .
tr	O	That meant he was gaining strength .
tr	O	They both lifted their eyebrows and broke into laughter .
tr	O	Although he had never seen him speak to her , Francisco had noticed that the Señora had on several occasions glanced at the man .
tr	O	She tilted her head and drummed on the table with her long well-manicured nails .
tr	I	Those who 've spent their in lives prison have finally found the best home .
tr	O	She closed her eyes , savoring in his gentle touch , savoring in the strength of him .
tr	O	And not just back on Mars .
tr	O	Her family , who had loved her from infancy and thus before the spell , still cared deeply for her .
tr	O	But see Doctor Galloway if you notice any bodily changes , particularly if you feel unusually lethargic for any length of time . '
tr	I	And she was young and healthy and able to bear many him sons .
tr	O	That is the difference between gods and men - gods do not murder their children .
tr	O	If only they had researched their history a little more , learned the true meaning behind The Sun , The Moon .
tr	I	Ibn ' Arabi also speaks of seven alternate Earths by created Allah , each with its own Mecca and Kaaba !
tr	O	I know what needs to be done .
tr	I	But you if want general information about the area , I can help .
tr	O	His fingers linger over it , and I wonder what he 's going to do , what 's hidden underneath that ordinary looking red brick .
tr	I	I feel everything but blood the , the blood that should be soaking my clothes .
tr	I	Maybe he thought Max was trying to cheat him out the of chance to blow himself to kingdom come .
tr	I	I used tongue my to push the rope out a bit , enough to speak .
tr	O	Not the biggest , but more than big enough .
tr	I	Now , she was by entranced his tenderness to his aging aunt .
tr	O	Rory had thought Cain said that his daughter wasn 't his by birth , but the feeling she had now was unmistakable .
tr	I	I held up my fist a for pound .
tr	I	He once knocked before opening the door .
tr	I	She made no comment about strangeness the of seeing Walker indoors .
tr	O	That made more sense to him .
tr	O	As the music stopped playing , Elena half turned , wanting to see Damon 's face .
tr	O	Chapter 21 22,500 Miles in Space The next morning Ryan 's flight briefing was short .
tr	I	I have much too else to think about .
tr	I	I ducked my head and on focused the ground .
tr	O	She spun toward the dais .
tr	O	So , it could simply take a few minutes for a reaction .
tr	O	But I don 't like to leave Mariah alone on the farm .
tr	I	Later , I check the comm tower make to sure it 's giving off a strong emergency beacon .
tr	O	Didn 't care much about the last one .
tr	O	' Are any of the passengers injured ? '
tr	O	She didn 't have to look far .
tr	O	The house now lit , took on a different personality from before .
tr	O	You call yourself a pastor !
tr	O	I hoped none of the noises were bears .
tr	I	She didn know 't what the meaning of it was , but she knew that it was more than just a dream .
tr	I	Instead , Celina looked at me , looked me over , arching a shaped delicately eyebrow .
tr	I	She 't didn know .
tr	O	He leaned over the table .
tr	O	He flicked the ball with his finger .
tr	I	I closed eyes my .
tr	I	Bobo nodded politely and smiled he as stepped inside .
tr	I	Dylan wasn 't logical being .
tr	O	Without her I wouldn 't be who I am today .
tr	I	The blow connected cleanly , and the coyote hit the ground with yelp a .
tr	O	My heart skipped , but I ignored the signal and turned on the computer .
tr	O	I figure ninety-eight percent of a story is better than none at all when time-travel is involved .
tr	I	Yeah , this definitely wasn 't going last to long .
tr	I	Rachel shook her head and then quickly let go of hand his .
tr	O	Nick saw a small rodent scurry between two wild grape vines .
tr	O	The motorway appeared to be mostly intact , entirely devoid of vehicles , much like the route he had taken into town .
tr	O	Arthur Cayley The cafe near the Academy was tucked away into a tiny corner of one of the alleys near the Danube .
tr	O	He just took her with him next time he went bear hunting .
tr	O	But speaking of brothers , I do know that you hurt mine .
tr	I	He be will here in two days ' time .
tr	O	I beg you , end my life and set me free .
tr	I	Then he strode forward , pausing inside just the door .
tr	O	It will buy us a couple of hours in the air .
tr	I	MacKenzie , all friends our and I grabbed a bunch of snacks , drinks and towels , locked the door and went down to the beach .
tr	I	But it was late too .
tr	I	He gripped her hips to pull her against before him grinding against her .
tr	O	Stacy nearly jumped out of her pumps .
tr	O	The question : how to handle this development ?
tr	O	' And he transformed into him ?
tr	O	I am getting close to home .
tr	I	She watched he as climbed out , noticed that he 'd showered and changed clothes , wearing clean khakis and a black T-shirt .
tr	O	Shorty held out a handful of after-dinner mints .
tr	I	Marcy stared at with her wide eyes while Danni sucked in her breath .
tr	I	Do ever you party without drinks ?
tr	O	And the farther I got , the more optimistic I became .
tr	I	The brothers were alone finally .
tr	I	She sped out of the hallway and stood , panting slightly , at the far of end the main entryway .
tr	I	She knew it made no difference where they may be headed as long as it was from away Massachusetts .
tr	I	Marie grinned kissed and her mom 's cheek .
tr	O	Trevino glanced at me .
tr	O	There was nothing solid to hold on to , no single thing to point to and say There , that 's my truth .
tr	O	Arian as a frenemy was bad enough , but as an all out enemy ?
tr	O	Alma : Heart of the People won 't eat any food that you 've gathered .
tr	O	a man in front of her father said .
tr	O	My heart was in a perpetual state of sadness and the only relief I could find were in those cathartic cries .
tr	I	It was the first time Allie had Mary heard yell at him .
tr	O	He 'd speculated far too much about Rue 's possibilities .
tr	I	Strangely , she didn 't cry out at injury her .
tr	O	Julian hands him the spinner , you can operate this and see how it works .
tr	O	The green manicured lawns lead into a set of double wooden gates and into a thicket of hilly grassy pastures .
tr	I	Some dirt must have gotten her in face , because her eyes were watering .
tr	O	I rolled over , my head on my arm .
tr	O	God , was she doing the right thing by setting up this meeting ?
tr	O	Unlike most mornings , the servants were courteous and cheerful , and breakfast was served promptly .
tr	I	They didn 't have the disposition to try such bold a move , they were just . .
tr	I	Only the left poison .
tr	O	He 's my Mason through and through .
tr	I	She couldn go 't .
tr	I	I 't didn want to leave him .
tr	I	The front door beeps someone as comes into my house .
tr	I	' Tell me immediately , ' she said , ' do you actually want Clare , or do you just want to about pine her ? '
tr	O	Nora covered her mouth and was instantly hysterical .
tr	O	Your coworkers must know you haven 't been dating anyone steadily .
tr	O	The shuttle was in Hangar Six and the C-5 was being checked over by Bob and his team outside Hangar Three .
tr	I	Asking for that right now would not curb suspicions his .
tr	I	When I was there , I to preferred be alone .
tr	O	I 'm not alone anymore .
tr	I	Once there , they found several terminally patients ill .
tr	I	she asked Jaime , to careful face her directly .
tr	O	The hotel lobby was elegant and mostly empty .
tr	O	The clock on my nightstand read that it was nearly midnight .
tr	O	I dreamt she was here .
tr	I	The older , fatter gave man her a tight smile .
tr	O	Her laugh was forced and high-pitched .
tr	I	He knew Mira had no shortage of latter the .
tr	O	Colin groaned , resigned to the inevitable .
tr	I	I moved on to the shaft and the soap made a perfect lubricant that allowed to me slide both hands up and down his rigid cock .
tr	O	Together with three other families , we floated many ships during the Revolution and organized the rest into a cohesive fighting force .
tr	I	And she then remembered .
tr	O	As the first few weeks passed , it was getting easier to make our own routines .
tr	I	What it was like ? '
tr	I	Rain increased in the middle and northern parts of the state time this of year , making the landscape lush and green .
tr	I	Her ran fingertips along his beltline .
tr	I	As a highly animal social , he makes friends easily by offering to share his bite-size Milk Bones with them .
tr	O	Governor was a middle-aged man with a full set of black hair that he parted to the right side with a neatly trimmed beard and mustache .
tr	I	I reached road the below and looked up it toward the Rabbit and the fat man beside it , gun in hand .
tr	I	I had gotten so lost in us that I completely forgot about of all the work I had to do on my paper .
tr	I	He was also on power a trip where Alec was concerned , and she bore the brunt of his machinations .
tr	O	I tugged on Stein 's leash , and the two of us met Diggs as he walked toward us .
tr	O	He transforms into a huge hawk and soars out to help John .
tr	I	Or would tend you that garden ?
tr	O	Thomas needs to seek out Edric , and soon .
tr	I	In fact , his eyes lit with unholy glee , seemingly unaware that other his prey had begun to walk along .
tr	O	The question shouldn 't surprise her .
tr	I	He sipped a cup of green tea ; was it a special blend produced only for him by a local manufacturer .
tr	O	I 'd hoped he would realize that I was just overly emotional from all the hormones .
tr	I	You guys are perfect for other each .
tr	I	I nod in agreement , trying to take the quickest out route of the lecture .
tr	O	I had decided they 'd known each other before coming to the therapy group .
tr	O	His tentative attitude did not match his large stature or his sharp uniform .
tr	I	His wiry black hair was escaping from its this band morning , a sure sign he 'd been thinking of something else while he got dressed .
tr	I	She pulled herself to the side other of the cab .
tr	O	His heart seemed to be squeezing , held tight in a fist of fire .
tr	I	Last semester 's class Biology had been a breeze , but Biology 212 was kicking my ass .
tr	O	Agent Markov instantly recognized the raspy smoker 's voice .
tr	I	That 's the one thing don I 't want to happen .
tr	O	She waved her hand to indicate that she meant more than his penthouse .
tr	I	Cassandra at frowned Wulf 's gruff question .
tr	O	I need to face the life that 's meant for me .
tr	I	She wanted me to all be right , and that wasn 't something I could promise her yet .
tr	O	This was why she had never told anyone .
tr	O	Tessa did not need to touch Jessamine 's mind to know what she was thinking .
tr	O	I needed to be alone .
tr	I	Richard in asked a more villainous tone .
tr	I	He 'd murdered ' most of tribe her .
tr	O	Remember to hold your breath until we 've stabilized on the other side .
tr	O	I said in a quieter voice .
tr	O	Then came the good-byes , along with more tears .
tr	I	Slipping my arms beneath knees her and around her shoulders , I move to lift her up .
tr	I	Dom shook head his .
tr	O	I tried to think how to say it so she would understand .
tr	I	Whoever is reading this definitely has too much time on their hands , theyre if painstakingly translating this , or have learned Norse runes as a hobby .
tr	O	Rose hit her collar bone with the edge of her hand .
tr	I	She gazed up at him , knowing her eyes glittered with the all aching , desperate love in her heart , and unable to change it .
tr	O	The pilots leaned out of the cockpit , chatting with them as they passed .
tr	O	Sure ain 't no way to see it from here !
tr	O	I don 't want that kind of power .
tr	I	It took evasive action to dodge the fire , and in its movement , Otto raced down the staircase the of minaret .
tr	I	CHAPTER 34 hasn Gehenna 't changed .
tr	I	I rolled my eyes gave and it up .
tr	I	I could get to used this .
tr	I	Can I trust you to behave if I leave for little a bit to go to the common area ?
tr	I	The Keeper let me know he could still hear thoughts my .
tr	I	Of course I wanted to things be kosher between us , I mean who wants conflict with a family member of the guy that they love ?
tr	O	I say , unable to contain myself any longer .
tr	I	She gave a me tight smile .
tr	O	On one of the walls , a bank of video screens aired feeds from the offices of the other archangels .
tr	O	It was a promise he made to himself and to Evening Star .
tr	I	Vargas twitches more and slowly more , then shudders to a stop .
tr	I	Workers were trying to do what they could to fix it , a but few wards were already being evacuated due to pressure failure .
tr	O	There 's nothing stopping him from crushing you .
tr	O	Would it taste as sweet and fresh as her lips looked ?
tr	O	She was unnatural and evil ... but she was so beautiful .
tr	I	' Those Indians will want to rejoin their main body at time some , ' Johnnie said .
tr	O	Now is not the time to be turned on , I told myself .
tr	I	It is and loud defiant .
tr	I	Any time taken through the mountains would only hinder their progress and time was the enemy now than more the black troops .
tr	O	I destroy the lives of everyone I come into contact with .
tr	O	Ashes went down the drains .
tr	I	He placed the in computer her lap .
tr	O	Growing up in a small town on the Massachusetts coast hadn 't prepared Mike for the glamour and excitement here , beginning with this woman .
tr	I	She couldn allow 't her heart , or anyone else 's , to go through a terrible situation such as that .
tr	O	His eyes locked on hers and they filled with sadness .
tr	I	She also was relieved , and slightly disappointed , to find his attention focused on Luther .
tr	I	He seemed to be his holding breath , waiting .
tr	O	I laughed for the first time in I couldn 't remember how long .
tr	O	And she wasn 't like Cornelia and Nox ; he 'd already realized that .
tr	O	Now let 's go !
tr	I	This not is good .
tr	I	The sun was nearly completely gone from sky the .
tr	I	The sheriff had without answered really answering .
tr	O	His face is one inch from mine .
tr	O	Can you keep lying to yourself ?
tr	O	It was still early in the morning , and they 'd been munching on some berries when the enormous stranger appeared .
tr	O	Some have seen so much in hundreds of years I can 't begin to imagine .
tr	O	Chasing Pharaohs is set for release in September , 2013 .
tr	I	I 'm partner his .
tr	I	One finger at stabbed the sky .
tr	I	But she 's terribly also suspicious .
tr	I	I glanced at over him .
tr	O	Sparrow hovered at eye level , turning and pointing his light down each tunnel .
tr	I	There was crunch a of bone .
tr	O	Will he still visit ?
tr	O	He grunts , pushing me up against the window .
tr	O	Liz will ensure you have a trouble-free tour , Mum .
tr	O	I have learned to cast fire .
tr	I	He wobbled a little , and I a put hand on his chest to steady him .
tr	I	On impulse he a turned sharp right , directly into a chain-link fence .
tr	O	Below them , in the darkness under the street in the darkness beneath there was something else .
tr	O	There were things that simply weren 't sitting right , and he knew he wouldn 't be able to relax until he figured them out .
tr	O	She could feel him trembling , holding back , straining for control .
tr	I	Delilah intercepted and shook Mr. Miner hand 's .
tr	O	' He 's angry with you .
tr	O	Fighting through the utter fear overwhelming my senses as this new threat unfolds ; I finally feel a beating heart .
tr	O	His voice echoed in the solid metal room .
tr	O	Now that they 're here , they might decide to expand the hostilities .
tr	I	Lisa laughed , which sent Kayla into a fit giggles of .
tr	I	Maybe she was digging for a story that wasn there 't .
tr	I	Hess is scared out his of mind .
tr	I	The F-16s six were 50 miles out to sea , west of San Diego , and their radar controller was watching their formation flying .
tr	O	No wonder she and Helen ' hit it off ' .
tr	O	I think , deep down , he respected her for that .
tr	O	Linda sounded clear on that point ; like he wanted to talk about them anyway .
tr	O	Death reached into his robe , and brought out the guitar .
tr	I	The townsfolk had learned to sleep the through racket .
tr	I	It can happen about in faerie general , but we didn 't have glorious underground places to give the mortals now .
tr	I	She put keys her away and walked quickly over .
tr	I	She could his smell aftershave .
tr	O	How could anyone sleep , under circumstances like theirs ?
tr	I	I don 't really that believe last part .
tr	I	The voice thundered in him and around him , a world of sound and fire that him consumed completely .
tr	O	The anxiety in her voice turned his heart over .
tr	O	He handed them a pocketknife .
tr	O	He had no idea who Hecate was .
tr	O	The surface was shiny , still damp from the recent rain .
tr	I	Here there was no learning of or arms horsemanship , all week was bookish .
tr	I	But my plan to deal with the werewolf in person had not definitely gone over will with the vampires .
tr	O	I found a set of French doors covered in heavy drapes leading to a backyard and I slid the deadbolt out and opened the door .
tr	I	The lanky seemed Lizard comfortable in this situation .
tr	O	It was sparsely decorated .
tr	O	I know he 's talking about me .
tr	O	Even the girl stopped struggling to stare .
tr	I	He hadn 't so as much seen them , so it was easy for him to rationalise them as just numbers .
tr	O	And she couldn 't understand why Levi 's moving around would bother Rifle .
tr	O	Alex did not even know which one to call her and feared to ask .
tr	I	Looking at the women transforming into a wolf surreal was .
tr	O	Behind the facade of normalcy was an exhausted , shadowed woman with fear in her eyes .
tr	I	He proceeded to rub the from flesh Clarence 's hand , or at least that 's how it felt to Clarence .
tr	O	She leans in on tiptoes and they kiss long and hard .
tr	I	He watched as Malone melded into the crowd and hustled across the lobby the to escalator , riding it down toward the hotel 's main entrance .
tr	I	He chuckled her at reaction , and Blaire 's eyes went wide with understanding .
tr	O	His tongue flicked my collarbone as his mouth descended .
tr	I	I held close him .
tr	I	Two hours later , Jacob watched the cop slam the police cruiser shut door with Chase inside .
tr	O	Julia walked over to stand beside Rena .
tr	I	What he meant was room that .
tr	O	Allow me to hear the words unheard by the living to learn from the dead .
tr	I	He just was babbling . ' '
tr	O	Sally could now concentrate more on developing new business .
tr	O	I 'd left him with a token of me , a tender kiss I 'd placed just below his ear .
tr	I	Her depended survival on it .
tr	I	I Dean found here with Genevieve .
tr	O	It was time to start treating them as working dogs rather than as pets .
tr	O	Something didn 't seem right .
tr	I	I pull her in and her hold like that a very long time .
tr	O	It then thrashed its elongated , knobby limbs in the last throws of death and exhaled a long , hissing gasp .
tr	O	Iona tried to ignore the stab of fear his words gave her .
tr	I	And then Then ... it had all gone so maddeningly wrong .
tr	O	It twitched and kind of paced back and forth like it was confused .
tr	I	Maybe that 's why the Lord put us two in together the first place .
tr	I	I was just so pissed ... .
tr	I	And every last page had been by signed the unlucky doc .
tr	O	He was smiling at him invitingly , and the experience was neither shocking nor confusing .
tr	I	It 's just asking it for .
tr	O	The jug of tea was on its side .
tr	I	He scare 'd the shit out of me if he came in my room .
tr	O	Take it on as my own .
tr	I	He had now read it five times more or .
tr	O	That contract was finished .
tr	O	I 'm not exactly sure how I knew , but there was an awful prickling sensation up the back of my neck .
tr	I	That series of sounds was her salvation , an opening that the forced void to rush out of her .
tr	I	Her new heels were higher normal than but not so high that she stumbled when she walked .
tr	O	She hissed as she turned off the water and searched for a towel .
tr	I	This is answer the I 've been hoping for .
tr	I	I sorry 'm for your loss of Amelia .
tr	O	If he won , the resignation would conveniently be forgotten .
tr	O	The effects will wear off a little by tomorrow , but I do not wish to expend energy just before confronting the beast on whispers .
tr	I	Anger briefly flashed in Crown 's expression .
tr	I	They get be to with my kids .
tr	O	The downtown area , the main street , was a collection of useful and eclectic shops , mostly small businesses and specialty shops .
tr	O	The pressure increased on her clit and Kara could feel her climax rip through her , every inch of her body shaking as spasms gripped and released .
tr	O	But I 'm angry still , and I 'm not done wounding her .
tr	O	They and Benton were the only male mages in the party ; the rest were all women .
tr	O	You either completed your mission or you died trying .
tr	O	Thought Luisa , who wasn 't expecting that to happen because she won most of her fights with a single punch .
tr	I	It 's because 'd we been getting along , I realized .
tr	I	Her slightly palm cool stroked his cheek .
tr	O	Emma heard a splash and a giggle from the hot springs .
tr	O	In a foreign language .
tr	O	She didn 't need either of them telling her what she could and couldn 't do .
tr	I	To amazement her so had the painting .
tr	O	I did want he said as I sat I placed the glass on the desk .
tr	O	Less media frenzy , less royal disapproval .
tr	I	A wave of elation her hit .
tr	O	Penny stood a little behind Iona as Cassidy had instructed her .
tr	O	He grabbed the flask from my hand and handed it back to Steve .
tr	I	Matthew suddenly realised that next to John not quite so drunk Cheetah was .
tr	I	I you told , Rome !
tr	I	Hopefully we 'd those avoid for a while .
tr	O	The next review in January would be the important one .
tr	I	Damn this , and me damn !
tr	O	Grayson and I were so far apart that we had nothing to do with each other .
tr	I	Kylie put in her cents two ' worth .
tr	I	She seemed to accept our story and readily provided the names her of clients and the times she saw them .
tr	I	But maybe she growing was concerned .
tr	O	He felt trapped in an eternity of hopeless depression , so intense that he could only groan pitifully .
tr	I	Will you there stop , or will you give us back our power ?
tr	O	The bathroom is the other door .
tr	O	Everything inside me screamed that something was wrong .
tr	O	I laughed at the look on his face .
tr	I	I had not even realized was anything gone .
tr	I	That was when she was vulnerable and Zeke could make way his to Central Command .
tr	O	Goes with the territory .
tr	I	It a was desert world and the eleventh state of the Mystic Confederacy .
tr	I	It was the government 's newest emergency warning mechanism , sort a of electronic air raid siren .
tr	O	Because after that day , the outbreak pushed outward .
tr	I	Selene is very a dangerous being .
tr	O	He stared over at Miranda .
tr	I	I can 't him fault for that .
tr	O	But even if she was a lesbian , I wasn 't going to be like Lucy .
tr	O	No , for Uncle Ephraim would come to the rescue in his Mercedes .
tr	O	With a hiss of frustration she hopped up off the concrete bench and pulled her jacket closer around her .
tr	O	The tension in the room slowly drifted to a low purr .
tr	I	Just then the bell rang and everyone filed into back school .
tr	O	She sat down as he slipped his arm around her .
tr	I	The conversation Pinter with gnawed at Gansey .
tr	I	That the was problem .
tr	O	Zook warned as they picked the unconscious man up .
tr	O	Jimmy noticed there were hands on her shoulders .
tr	I	Let us agree on side our for a moment that , sadly enough , there is no Santa Claus busy in his workshop .
tr	I	Which was impressive pretty .
tr	I	Lea got into her apartment , put her groceries in their place and headed down the to gym to look for Alonso .
tr	O	And then my fingers brushed something hard .
tr	O	I respect Judge Sutton 's no-nonsense disposition , and the direct tone with which she is speaking to me .
tr	I	The plastic sheeting taped to the floor would protect her from being from seen below .
tr	I	A few nerves their released tension .
tr	O	The three circled the haystack , prodding at bulges which turned out to be damp hay .
tr	I	Jenna was so pale the that blue veins in her eyelids were sharply visible .
tr	O	Williams crushes a deep fly ball into the gap in left center .
tr	O	Winkler changed , right on the spot .
tr	I	He mildly was curious when the voice on the other end announced that he 'd reached the local animal shelter .
tr	I	Jeremy someone felt else grab his arm .
tr	I	I tried to out find what happened .
tr	I	He hadn 't realized how much it had taken out him of to bear all of this alone .
tr	O	Dermot was really operating on fully charged batteries today .
tr	I	You got fill to out a form first , and then you wait in the line .
tr	O	When had he gotten home last night ?
tr	I	She hugged him into her , body and being , bliss shaking her , gushing from eyes her .
tr	O	We walk out to the car -- the air is crisp and cool .
tr	O	There are six of them standing in front of a large rock , which appears to block the way .
tr	I	Pinkerton from leapt his shoulder and meowed again .
tr	O	Then , once it dawned on me , I remembered other things .
tr	O	Instead , she sat in silence and looked out the window as her mind replayed the entire encounter with Jake Takeda .
tr	I	He wasn deterred 't .
tr	I	As the two walked the under stabilizing fins at the tail of the craft , Captain Groves appeared at the top of the loading ramp .
tr	I	My breathing became ragged as I ran , chest my heaving as my heart pounded within .
tr	O	Mom took a sip of hot chocolate and then continued .
tr	O	Adams sat silent for a moment looking out upon the city two miles before him .
tr	I	I didn commit 't any crime !
tr	O	But when he pulled back , his face was serious .
tr	I	Kate only could smile .
tr	O	I opened my bag to put my room key in and a dozen condoms that must have been crammed in came popping out .
tr	O	Like a ravenous carnivore , you feed on the fallen victim until you 're full .
tr	I	She 'd never trust him he if wasn 't completely honest with her .
tr	I	A red blossomed stain beneath her .
tr	O	Although dawn broke clear and cool , it had warmed considerably .
tr	I	Then he calmly wiped the bloody blade clean on a of patch crabgrass before replacing it in his boot .
tr	I	But as days passed , he began to suspect every little hesitation , every separation momentary , of influencing her leaving .
tr	I	She 's me getting a snack .
tr	O	She wasn 't oblivious to the advances of men , but she rarely encouraged them , and never out in the field .
tr	I	The islands were fortunate enough to temperate enjoy weather through most of the year , and the local flora was lush and tropical .
tr	O	Is it gallantry or a rout ?
tr	O	As soon as he saw them enter he crawled into the other suite vanishing inside then locking the door behind him .
tr	I	Beside him , gasped she .
tr	O	A small smile broke onto her face as she turned to look at him , enthralled momentarily by his eyes sparkling in the dim light .
tr	O	And so , they kept playing until it was lunch time .
tr	O	Sam looked from Cara to the walls , everywhere but at Mike .
tr	I	The cowboy lifted to him the sill .
tr	O	Her lip quivers slightly .
tr	O	But whether Harlan had dozed off or accidentally shot Brett wasn 't important .
tr	O	I pointed to the thick trees near the edge of the city line .
tr	I	Rashford waits in a long narrow room the lawyers for use meetings if the police are not using it for anything else .
tr	I	As a matter of fact , he wasn 't quite sure what he was going to do with the once world he was in control of it .
tr	O	Carefully , we turned out of the dome 's main area and down a side annex .
tr	O	someone from the bar called out .
tr	I	shouted Ignis King as he stepped off the boat into his kingdom .
tr	O	Some retrieved art supplies and others stood intently before easels .
tr	O	Eric watched in pure enjoyment before he fluidly shifted and ran after her .
tr	O	the physician asked with a heavy Southern accent .
tr	I	To continue to dress in might mourning in some obscure way be taken as a silent accusation .
tr	O	' In the old days , you know , young married couples having troubles would have gone to their elders for help and advice .
tr	O	Silence flooded the cockpit .
tr	O	I step forward to get this strange girl off Mason , but she finally snaps her hands away and gapes at him .
tr	O	He immediately began disconnecting the man from the attached IVs and wires .
tr	I	The suited was man unimpressed .
tr	I	Maybe letting him call me by my given name wasn 't such a idea good , after all .
tr	I	This would enable everyone to hear what had he to say on the matter .
tr	I	As agreed , she had been sending letters to the Manor , informing on Cleaver the progress of their escape .
tr	O	I wasn 't going to cry , not this time .
tr	I	Reaching intersection the , they headed along the next street .
tr	O	Peering from it was the frightened face of yet another slave , his bony fingers reaching through the bars , appealing to Altair .
tr	I	I doubted highly it .
tr	O	It was lifetimes ago .
tr	O	I 'm puzzling over their reappearance when I realize that this must be it , the day of the execution .
tr	O	Jack swung his stick and struck the remaining coconut .
tr	I	I was once again grateful for financial my health .
tr	O	It 's way too early in the night to start talking about my wants and whims .
tr	I	No wait 't don tell me .
tr	O	Kylie shrugged , unsure where she 'd gotten the courage to do it , but lately she found herself speaking her mind .
tr	I	His head was down , most of his face obscured by the wild fall his of shoulder-length hair .
tr	I	Two things came out the of incident .
tr	O	I turned so that I blocked Bliss and that corrupting corset .
tr	I	Another day of blood bed and rest should suffice .
tr	O	The years that followed had given him , if not a sense of purpose , at least a small degree of satisfaction .
tr	O	He chose to believe it was the latter , but the nagging feeling that this was too easy wouldn 't leave the back of his mind .
tr	I	His body now was really feeling the effects of the extended night .
tr	I	He hadn 't considered before , now but it wanted his attention .
tr	O	Graham had brokered financial agreements with certain underground Muslim fringe groups who would intrude into the parade as members of the Muslim Shield .
tr	I	What of the women who , for whatever reason , were unable to have child a ?
tr	O	That was what he 'd been hiding .
tr	O	The enemy gave a roar of pain and recoiled .
tr	I	He found himself biting back laughter at the same growling time with frustration and something infinitely deeper .
tr	O	Someone pulled her up .
tr	I	We sat and down she leaned against me , as if she were my daughter .
tr	I	Then she rose and gathered up the laundry , a smile small on her mouth .
tr	O	I hear a shout .
tr	O	Her face had a contemplative look to it .
tr	I	A light mist hovered the in air at the top .
tr	O	Pour water and alcohol into the jar until it covers the flowers .
tr	I	I sorry 'm , Lynn .
tr	O	There was no time like the present , because the early bird catches the worm .
tr	I	A way to say , ' Look at this amazing thing I built , this family I made scratch from .
tr	O	Maries exhales then smoothes her vest .
tr	I	My lips over glided his thick crown and I surprised him by taking him down in one long suck .
tr	O	Somehow , someway the United States was going to get his vessel .
tr	O	Gabrielle had never heard of it .
tr	O	Soon , orange flame lit the night and warmed my skin .
tr	O	Her hair felt like satin in his hand .
tr	I	This place belongs to Matt and I 'm the boss until gets he back !
tr	I	Now , could Flattery see he definitely was drifting back .
tr	I	The knife slips my from grasp and I am in danger of following it to the ground .
tr	I	He closed bathroom the door behind him and she rushed to the kitchenette .
tr	O	The three of us walk with our heads lowered , back to the smouldering campfire and the two deck chairs set out under the stars .
tr	I	Well , to each own their .
tr	O	They soared into the air and over the fence , clearing the razor wire by at least twenty feet .
tr	I	We got to the Perk and placed our orders with Natalie , who graduated from lunch counter to booths tables and for the afternoon .
tr	I	I gave her what I was hoped an encouraging smile .
tr	O	People came out of various buildings and headed up the street .
tr	I	The phone was ringing it and was still dark outside .
tr	I	' It 's carrying not anything you 'll be interested in . '
tr	O	A few pictures of him at the lake with his brothers or some buddies .
tr	O	For better or worse , she had to know .
tr	O	But he barely poked his head inside .
tr	O	She pulled a tissue from a Kleenex box and began to crumple it .
tr	I	* * * Nine minutes and thirty seconds later , they landed in a wooded lot a half from block the airport .
tr	O	The old man smiled , raised his collar .
tr	I	He cut in of front them and forced them to stop .
tr	O	Finally , in the bottom drawer of the last dresser , I found my ratty scrub pants and a t-shirt .
tr	I	CHAPTER Sophie FOUR dragged her suitcase through the front door .
tr	I	It a was fear .
tr	O	Around them she could hear the wolves growling and growing restless but she kept her focus on Titus .
tr	O	Max and I have both seen him in his pickup truck looking around over near your loading dock .
tr	O	As for you , Father , I thought I might unite us , that we would forget the past and forge a better future .
tr	I	Instead you him want .
tr	O	I should have known from his screen name that he was going to be an asshole .
tr	O	He actually rescheduled his morning meetings to be here when I left .
tr	I	If Reece was timid in leading the horse in a certain direction , the horse likely would protest .
tr	O	Growling ferociously , they descended towards us at frightening speeds .
tr	O	She shifted through the silky garments , all of which she had washed and folded many times .
tr	I	But that 's not only our option .
tr	O	But Mack couldn 't bring himself to leave .
tr	I	He reached down and my took arm .
tr	O	Add to his forces .
tr	O	She stared ahead as they reached the vast entrance , feeling every eye on her , the woman their collective boss was tending to personally .
tr	I	She seeing liked Will lose control .
tr	O	I looked at him and frowned .
tr	I	The bracelets didn 't like look this , though .
tr	I	I sure was it was to keep herself steady more than to comfort the boy .
tr	O	Ash tossed a lightning bolt into a corner where it must have hit its mark , since Talon heard someone shriek .
tr	I	Losing Allison had nearly them destroyed both .
tr	I	She opened back the door , letting the cold air rush in .
tr	O	That evening , as they moved in , they met Laura in the lobby .
tr	I	Then Monarch from materializes nowhere and snatches me up .
tr	O	Seems kind of silly to me and lends itself to easy vaporization .
tr	O	Then she turned and glared toward the dock where Colt was standing , hands on his h * ps and breathing fire and brimstone .
tr	O	And not once did his eyes fall to my exposed skin .
tr	I	Now be would a good time to phone Martine .
tr	I	I didn 't want his calls to end , and I very much wanted to go on that dinner with date him .
tr	O	Chris and Julian studied her before they both nodded in agreement .
tr	O	Even as I overcame my fears , terror had attacked Quinn with a vengeance .
tr	I	Kate was surprised , normally she had been more treated roughly than this .
tr	O	When our drinks came , my diet Coke and his alcohol , he shoved it toward me .
tr	I	The wilder he gets , more the she taunts .
tr	I	The man rather would die .
tr	O	What was her story ?
tr	O	Is this my lasting image of my last days on Earth ?
tr	O	Reggie shook his head then took another swig of beer .
tr	O	They were like the rainbow I 'd noticed only twice in my life , both times just after a thunderstorm .
tr	I	Betas are given half of the allowance job of points that alphas are given .
tr	O	She put down Cuddles before going to kiss Atlas on his long muzzle , then moved to the sink to wash her hands before eating .
tr	O	And with that unfamiliar emotion came a sense of liberation .
tr	O	Chicago had once thrived as a cattle town , and that legacy lived on today .
tr	O	Once I get to the MAV , I 'll be back in contact with them and they can tell me what modifications to make .
tr	O	Her legs were nothing but jello , and her core heated to inferno temperatures .
tr	I	And even the idea of her deciding she wasn into 't us was hard to swallow .
tr	O	I opened my eyes and I was in a small room with a view of the field behind the house .
tr	O	I was hoping for another impressive acronym .
tr	O	They done took our horses to mount some of the garrison troops . '
tr	O	Anyway , I heard them talking about Father .
tr	I	At noon , the web site announced as Crusader the first participant .
tr	I	Someone who softly walks yet makes the boards creak .
tr	O	We still had David 's dirt bike , but that could only sit two .
tr	I	she asked , setting a plate at down one of the kitchen chairs .
tr	I	It was impossible to penetrate the inky blackness her around .
tr	I	I pick up a stack of dripping wet pizza pans and start filing them in the compartment storage under the sink .
tr	I	The celebration continued the into night .
tr	I	Thousands of hang lives in the balance -- including her own -- as she digs into the darkest corners in space .
tr	O	The man appeared brighter and whiter than the room he stood in .
tr	I	She slung the strap of the over pack one shoulder and walked through the garage toward the street .
tr	O	I was exhausted and stressed .
tr	O	I bought a white scarf to wear around my neck , so I could look as much like a flying ace as possible .
tr	O	Guilt soured in my stomach like curdled milk , which led to a hefty dose of confusion .
tr	I	I knew and yet I let and you where did that get you ?
tr	O	Sheila reached inside her pocket and pulled out her own closet key .
tr	O	He responded in kind , grasping her around the shoulder .
tr	O	Evan laughed back , and his was cold .
tr	O	The glimmer left her mother 's eyes .
tr	O	Each eyeball was entirely white like porcelain wiped clean with a cloth .
tr	O	You wanted someone to shoot him , didn 't you ?
tr	I	His arm circled my waist and my head nestled under chin his in a way that absolutely turned me on , and not just physically .
tr	O	Desperately he tried to regain his footing .
tr	I	They look at other each for a minute .
tr	I	I began immediately to cry .
tr	I	A titanic work that demanded the most supercomputers powerful available at that time , and produced rough models .
tr	I	He squares his body up with mine and places of both his hands on my shoulders firmly , like he 's getting frustrated .
tr	I	Clara had been gone a for year , and I had missed her every single day she was gone .
tr	I	I watched as several emotions Lissa crossed 's face .
tr	O	Jack huffed out a breath .
tr	O	And joy becomes harder to find .
tr	I	he asked amusement with , hearing the annoyance in his voice .
tr	O	Charles 's gaze slid over to their parents .
tr	O	Whatever soft feelings he might have once felt toward her might be her only chance of survival .
tr	O	Blood dribbled down her chin from the bite in her lower lip .
tr	O	When I think back on it , I realize that I owe that heavy-handed villager an enormous debt of gratitude .
tr	O	For the first time since his epiphany , he wondered if she 'd ever forgive him .
tr	O	Other half of the Empire 's troops marched to Mexico City , which was 70 miles further west from Puebla .
tr	I	Any fight left in Robin had long evaporated since .
tr	I	In it were Jolene 's wedding ring and her tags dog and her old watch , its face cracked .
tr	I	I finished meal my and let them finish their meals together while I went to my afternoon class and then back to the restaurant to work .
tr	O	It was worth the climb .
tr	O	He pushed himself back towards the water digging his feet firmly into the riverbed .
tr	I	To calm him , she had calm to herself .
tr	I	He knew it was probably too late now -- Cliff had already seen him pleading bawling and like a baby -- but any small victory was something .
tr	I	Especially in not this dorm .
tr	I	But she no longer cared him for like that ; she couldn 't care about him like that anymore she reminded herself .
tr	O	We need to find her .
tr	I	No ... he simply was unable to look at her .
tr	O	The trainers looked down the line in astonishment .
tr	O	In my wolf form , his scent called to me immediately , signaling our connection clearly .
tr	I	I opened door the , the dejected look on his face almost made me feel sorry for him .
tr	O	Chapter fifteen I woke up in a hospital bed , I felt slightly intoxicated probably from painkillers .
tr	O	He 's like Smith .
tr	I	Jillian , don bother 't taking off your coat .
tr	O	All he needed was a clean shot .
tr	I	Samuel turned back to face robed the stranger .
tr	I	Mako shoved the away dresser from the door .
tr	I	I ran my over fingertips the chain .
tr	I	It was so odd to exposed be while he stood before her wearing his armor .
tr	O	Then he leaned forward and tapped the driver on the shoulder .
tr	I	No doubt he question would Clara later .
tr	O	Her heart leaped at his words , even as she cautioned herself against thinking he meant anything by it .
tr	O	Rachel strongly doubted it , and yet both the President and NASA had plenty to gain here .
tr	O	It 's a miracle that he can find a pen in this pig sty .
tr	O	Gavin and I flew next to Merrill , with the others spread out on either side .
tr	I	She shut her eyes squeezed and the trigger again .
tr	O	I glanced in the rearview mirror .
tr	I	He away pulls and marches off , flicking his tail in disgust .
tr	O	You need to find out what happened to the others that didn 't possess any abilities .
tr	O	It was the next day before they were fully into the Strait .
tr	I	But that wouldn explain 't the quick flash of joy that moved across his face .
tr	O	I ducked behind a potted cedar .
tr	I	Trystan was holding a in record his hands , flipping it over .
tr	O	Even the woman with the cucumbers over her eyes took one of them off and peered at me .
tr	I	he said , thankfully not his extending hand .
tr	I	It was like they flying were into the window , but Cole somehow knew they were being thrown .
tr	I	Lots of things have happened in this room ... I up look at him and I wonder if he 's thinking about it too .
tr	O	Blindly , he reached over and smacked it off .
tr	I	He didn 't even know whether not or to believe her .
tr	I	She lifted her onto toes and pressed her lips to his with a soft moan .
tr	I	Grandpa Jamie and sighed shook his head .
tr	O	Even Renny had used the term a snake wrapped around the tree of life to describe the triple helix .
tr	O	He paced the room .
tr	O	She waved her fingers in the air as if the push off a mysterious uninvited guest .
tr	O	Huron whispered : A darkness born beneath .
tr	O	It 's a bona fide job and it 's a part of something they do called profiling .
tr	I	She really should be getting back to the shop ; she was already minutes five late and still had a brisk walk ahead of her .
tr	O	At once sound echoed through the tube , a high note that set the icicles rocking .
tr	O	Where the hell are you ?
tr	O	Said she was driving like a bat outta hell in the rain .
tr	I	They 'd die to keep it and vampires enjoyed their immortality and most held sacred it .
tr	I	Rather , they lived for of hundreds years and , unlike humans , they didn 't have to live chronologically .
tr	O	Pulling an afghan blanket over herself , Raina began to explain .
tr	I	She had thought he would stay , that he would to want try and keep her safe .
tr	I	He you wanted to have this car .
tr	O	Small blades of glass hit the sink with a chink , and Tammie lets out a yelp .
tr	O	She started walking again .
tr	O	It makes me feel whole .
tr	O	Chapter 41 : Derek The state Sofia was in was tearing me apart .
tr	I	The Captain two handed letters over to him .
tr	I	Let 's say that the best time that fleet can make will be about leagues twenty-five a day .
tr	I	Rikki did , as well as my on again again off girlfriend , Jenna .
tr	I	You did what to had be done to protect us all without even knowing it .
tr	O	I showed him one or two but decided he wasn 't serious .
tr	O	Her eyes grew thinner as she glared at me and her lips were pursed .
tr	I	Messick asks as approaches he .
tr	O	Tim sits at his desk mumbling to himself .
tr	O	Right now she needed her wits about her and if this would help , she would gladly partake .
tr	I	Strategically positioned in close proximity to the Red Sea , port this city served the global economy in a big way .
tr	O	How can the difference in our power be so great ?
tr	I	Leonhard stared at the envelope for a moment , then glanced around again , wishing the were room not so poorly lit .
tr	I	In some weird , bizarre way , she wanted to close the distance feel and those smooth lips upon hers .
tr	I	But what you all don seem 't to get is this is the real world .
tr	I	Rubi 's sweet , giggle effervescent floated through the car , and Lexi drank it all in .
tr	O	Aaron turns his glare to me .
tr	O	Whatever power it was that beckoned me forward , it was strong .
tr	I	I was so hot for but him , I couldn 't tell him .
tr	O	Her eyes were no longer trusting .
tr	O	And coldly uninterested was her shtick !
tr	O	... Okay ... He is very close .
tr	O	But Monique didn 't wait .
tr	I	When the tall servant returned , he had a slightly look pained on his face .
tr	I	I put the end into my mouth and the allow smoke to smother my lungs .
tr	I	Sometimes the was pain physically crippling .
tr	I	Stealing it and storing in it Canada out of the owners reach .
tr	O	Luanne , don 't blame yourself for Elizabeth 's death .
tr	I	Small tables and chairs originally had been set up all over the place to accommodate them .
tr	I	He sat back and surveyed proceedings an with experienced eye .
tr	I	She flicked button another open as she slowly moved against him , the pressure and friction eating away any shyness she might have felt .
tr	O	Jericho nudged my side gently with his elbow .
tr	O	My brother had always had a penchant for being overdramatic .
tr	I	She closed her and eyes lowered her head , but not before he saw a tear trail down her cheek .
tr	I	There was talk of sending you to another to district divert the Capitol 's attention while the rescue takes place .
tr	O	She lived here a while back .
tr	I	I was relieved have to my harlequin mask in place .
tr	O	Bonnie was pleased to have Juanita advise her on how to make guests comfortable .
tr	I	He hitches his over finger at the house .
tr	I	He shifted his dentures one way , then the other , and his eyes drifted , searching between the slats his of trailer park fence .
tr	O	I 've been a lousy father , and I know that , but I don 't know where it all went wrong .
tr	I	My fear or the fear of the 's other around me .
tr	O	Glen didn 't want to believe people were so devious and was determined to tear down this barrier of distrust .
tr	O	I had to use the mind slipper technique on him again to wake him up .
tr	O	Everybody was being absolutely brilliant today .
tr	O	The air smelled metallic and sharp , like the air before a storm .
tr	O	Genie tapped her forehead .
tr	I	She will be too quick the for other .
tr	O	Ronan shook his head , declining the offer .
tr	O	Chapter Twenty-one Jack and Kelly pulled up to the valet at a wine bar in downtown New Haven .
tr	O	Lyle wanted to tell the tree spirit to stick it where the sun doesn 't shine , but he sensed he was already treading on unsteady ground .
tr	I	Do you think I never 've read Dracula before ?
tr	I	There are threats and injustices that you can protect 't it from .
tr	I	Before I could lose the nerve , I up reached and untied my bikini top and took a breath as we both froze .
tr	O	Today was the day to start moving again , however slowly .
tr	I	Claire shook her as head confusion flashed across her face .
tr	O	As Jason reached out his hand , Drake stepped in front of him and intercepted it .
tr	O	Blue showed pubs and hotels where they could take hacks for lunch .
tr	I	Daemon 's eyes held a shadow of doubt , a of hint fear .
tr	I	As I add those pieces to the first two , more lights pulse , slowly some , some quickly .
tr	O	Then I rolled out of bed .
tr	I	She rubbed the heel of one hand against throbbing her head .
tr	O	He ran so long his legs ached , and his breathing grew heavy .
tr	O	I begin questioning if I should get up and move .
tr	I	This is who am I .
tr	I	Run fingers your on this side and it turns darker blue which means you want information with your service .
tr	I	I some tip of Corr 's manure out .
tr	I	It spread its wings and gave a mighty cry , then tucked both to wings the side and ran for him .
tr	O	This time the words were rather singsong and they came out in varying degrees of loudness .
tr	O	There has to be physical evidence as well .
tr	O	Oliver poured hot water over the green plants and crushed them in the folds of one towel .
tr	I	Shouldn 't she have been able just to look Sergio in the eyes and say it ?
tr	I	Her lips are cracked dry and .
tr	O	Please God , don 't let it be Kaspar .
tr	I	They picked me to represent in of one the sports .
tr	O	Celeste answered and Jake merely nodded .
tr	I	It strange was , like there was something lurking beneath his calm surface .
tr	I	After Theresa and Kevin had safely boarded , Garrett stayed few a minutes , watching until the plane finally began to back out of the gate .
tr	O	People were going to talk anyway , but any dispute about the will would put a nasty twist on that speculation .
tr	O	Tatiana turned to glare at him .
tr	O	Outside , he lifts me into his arms .
tr	O	Oh no , there was an atmosphere , she instantly recognised it .
tr	O	I imagined all of us , scattered throughout the world , brought together only here and there , and only once every century or so .
tr	O	With a quivering inhale , I slipped under the water .
tr	I	He gave up trying to pretend , swam to edge the , and propped himself up with an arm on either side to savor the view .
tr	I	After a while , council the seemed to forget he was there , and they argued among themselves .
tr	O	Maybe it was the butler ... Hobbs , I think .
tr	O	It was my turn to be confused .
tr	O	And I wasn 't sure he could hurt himself now .
tr	I	To say he nervous was about being the driver was an understatement .
tr	I	Maximus , Shrapnel , and the other guards 't wouldn have a chance .
tr	I	I 'd gone to the with club a woman , a Venetian girl .
tr	I	She pulled on her sneakers and hopped onto the dock and from there to the deck rear of the other boat .
tr	I	She found Julian 's sense of humor a good counterbalance to intimidating his demeanor .
tr	I	I shake head my vigorously , but his hand is upon my lips silencing me before my boisterous objection can escape .
tr	I	He built all of kinds things , but , sad to say , there was always some major flaw . '
tr	I	I asked , showing a degree of ignorance the that other two could not comprehend .
tr	O	He leaned against me , seeming not to realize how easy the gesture was , and I didn 't remind him .
tr	I	The old man to nodded himself .
tr	O	Right now , we just want to see you reach adulthood alive and in one piece .
tr	I	None of the made images sense to him .
tr	I	I handed him back the and flask opened the door .
tr	I	I watched you help your mom and your aunt Helen through heavy some depressions , bravely and ever so tenderly .
tr	I	And over it all , she always wore my 's letterman jacket .
tr	O	Jane had stayed quiet for a long moment after Frazier 's pronouncement , staring at the man with a blank expression .
tr	I	A few more voices say something from radio the but I 'm not listening to them .
tr	O	One of the King 's guards strode over to them , his manner unfriendly .
tr	O	Brother George was preparing for the football tournament which was coming up in the carnival season .
tr	O	Of course , he was built to withstand almost anything , given that he was an immortal or an eternal or whatever .
tr	O	It only took a few seconds for him to reach the cabin door and open it wide .
tr	I	She was going to poke and prod the depths of her memory she until uncovered the truth of what had happened last night .
tr	O	He started walking down the slope toward the back of the chair .
tr	O	They rode in silence for a while , and then noticed the traffic ahead begin to slow down .
tr	O	She grabbed , but he was always faster than her .
tr	O	He gazed into my eyes without speaking , his eyebrows furrowed in concentration .
tr	O	Julia watched him walk away .
tr	O	Bastards , I thought , filled with a sudden , fiery hatred .
tr	I	Caroline walked over and him hugged .
tr	I	Just a little rodent who moved has far from his home , and is looking to make lots of new friends .
tr	O	The prospect of being trapped in the hunt was a fate that might make them fight us .
tr	O	She 'd write like she always had , tell the stories she wanted to tell .
tr	O	They had been lovers for twelve months more than six years ago , yet for these few breathtaking seconds those years just did not exist .
tr	O	I spoke , but my voice was raspy .
tr	O	He had to pick up on it because if he didn 't , I wouldn 't be able to stop him from leaving .
tr	I	Charlie Laura pushed away .
tr	I	In the second he was exposed to the cold vacuum the damage endured he was excruciating .
tr	O	Liam flicked a glance toward the male behemoth who moved to stand at Holly 's side .
tr	O	And then a little shocked when we told them that no , we weren 't going down the hill to find a hospital .
tr	O	How did he do that ?
tr	I	From the outside , Merciless the Mart is a squat block with a narrow raised portion in its center .
tr	I	This situation fishy was .
tr	O	We 're giving you two weeks to come up to speed enough to perform at least part of a concert .
tr	I	Boy 412 furious was .
tr	O	They tied his hands with gauze to the sides of the bed because he tried to pull out the catheter .
tr	O	The rest took up pursuit quickly .
tr	I	They perked up when the item following was a covered painting .
tr	I	It felt good , and he like acted a gentleman .
tr	I	Then Bryce shoved him into window the , causing a crack that slowly spider webbed out from the impact .
tr	O	I couldn 't think .
tr	O	We strolled through the woods for about an hour before reaching an open field , one of the few still undeveloped on the island .
tr	I	And it then stopped .
tr	I	I would know anywhere it .
tr	I	I think about what said he , squirming because all this positive talk about me is making me uneasy .
tr	I	The was place ridiculously large , Tavi thought .
tr	O	And if he or she did , was he or she in on stealing secrets from A. V. Designs ?
tr	I	His voice cracked , but it was apparently enough to the give figure pause .
tr	O	Some of them work in the kitchens .
tr	I	That evening , would he have an intervention with his father , right before he would take the first bottle .
tr	I	And Dana wondered whether she should read deeper a meaning into it .
tr	I	Hanna looked her to right .
tr	O	He hadn 't expected to have to deal with both parents at once .
tr	O	He would have to feed often to keep up with the demand .
tr	I	Matthew could stop not himself he just laid back and enjoyed the situation as it unfolded .
tr	O	This time , Dean dove underneath it , just in time to bump it high enough for Matt to spike it over the net .
tr	O	She would likely sleep the rest of the day and then some .
tr	I	I could read nothing in tone his .
tr	O	a husky voice asked .
tr	O	She couldn 't get rid of the feeling that she had failed to give him something he badly needed .
tr	O	She started to cry .
tr	I	I asked , throwing back it in her face .
tr	O	They approached the other side of the platform where two new tunnels spilt off , heading in opposite directions .
tr	I	Tammy turned left and then she turned right , was that actually reflection her in the mirror ?
tr	O	I walk over to the closet that holds the few outfits of mine that I have here .
tr	I	Sasha his caught face , kissing his lips .
tr	I	Betty 's voice was tired sad and .
tr	I	I need you to find some way to them bring down .
tr	O	LOG ENTRY : SOL 498 Hmm .
tr	I	Even more when so the bell rings .
tr	I	I stood on my tiptoes looked and over at the bar , but I couldn 't see him .
tr	O	I frown as I unfold the paper .
tr	I	Like Luthor Thorne , and those eyes hungry of his .
tr	O	I mean , how would it work ? '
tr	O	I ask her , kissing the top of her head .
tr	O	The clock stopped at twelve seconds .
tr	I	Susannah filled the mugs and set aside them to steep .
tr	I	Shouts were heard on the other side of the door wooden .
tr	I	I sort wish of he did .
tr	I	I could count all day and night for a lifetime would but get nowhere .
tr	I	- I did as instructed she and closed my eyes .
tr	O	He smiles and raises his hand in front of himself .
tr	I	She 't couldn imagine how cold and empty her life was going to seem when he was no longer part of it .
tr	I	Around two , my mom breathing stopped .
tr	I	Mom deciding to try a little boutique she across knew town as a last resort .
tr	O	' It 's already been taken care of , father , ' she told me in that offensively superior tone of hers .
tr	O	Lydia was back , and although she hadn 't heard a lot of the conversation , she seemed to understand what was happening and nodded in approval .
tr	O	He also had placed an order for a gown at the shop a week before for someone else .
tr	O	The Librarian only stopped pumping when the lever was too hot to hold and the air reservoirs were farting and whistling around the rivets .
tr	O	Gwen circled in front of them both , cutting off their view of the stands .
tr	O	Shouldn 't I ask him if he was pushing me away because he was the class tutor , or because of those scars on his wrists ?
tr	O	With my heart beating fiercely , I fixed on the swooping dragon and spoke to it again .
tr	I	She 't wasn looking forward to her weekend without him .
tr	O	A peace that I can take home with me .
tr	I	And I smiled , until I realized I was the one only smiling .
tr	O	Within an instant , the policemen fell to the ground , writhing in pain .
tr	O	Caught , he thought with a grin as he felt her body heat up in front of his , before going stiff .
tr	I	He stood up at end the and pulled me down so that half of my ass was hanging off .
tr	O	Sometimes you just have to take a chance .
tr	I	There was a loud crack as the wheel collapsed , cart the swung over and Gwyn was flung off into the heather .
tr	I	She it knows was him .
tr	O	The building even included a couple of restaurants .
tr	O	I picked it up and flipped it open .
tr	O	Damned if I know where he gets it from .
tr	O	No lie would ever pass the lips of my brother James .
tr	O	Two or three backed away towards the hangar .
tr	I	Mira got swept into the unintentionally net .
tr	O	Her eyes were hidden under a dark , metal visor , but her body lay bare .
tr	O	It was someone else .
tr	I	After putting the car park in , he unbuckled his seatbelt and captured me with his gaze .
tr	I	Mismatched dishware spilled across floor the .
tr	O	Clem was watching bowling on television while Perry was busy with a scratch ticket .
tr	I	I can make lasagna , pie pot , do some baking .
tr	O	His stomach rumbled and I laughed against his mouth .
tr	O	And why would her beautiful love kill a man who was offering him a way out of an unwanted marriage ?
tr	I	This must be reported our to brethren in our homeland .
tr	I	I stumbled on a man that I recognized from my scan quick of the first two floors .
tr	O	She lay beside him , listening to their combined heartbeats .
tr	O	She couldn 't believe what she had just experienced .
tr	I	This was he how meant for the Order to go down .
tr	O	Charlie had to have a car nearby .
tr	I	Growing up with Dad had I a lot of emotions inside that I never let out .
tr	O	Del a had been tied in knots about seeing them , and after hearing her father 's temper , Kylie couldn 't say she blamed her .
tr	I	She needed breathe to .
tr	I	Struck with an idea , Sara her slapped arm hard , and bit her tongue , ignoring the sting .
tr	I	He to crossed the window .
tr	O	She needed that ; a moment of normality in the madness .
tr	O	Then she rattled off the names of three people who 'd worked with Claire .
tr	O	Callum growled , knowing he would be coming and she would be coming too , as hard as he could force her to do so .
tr	I	He looked the towards lawn , barn and the dark forest .
tr	O	He studied his mother for a quick moment .
tr	I	They hate all you .
tr	O	I wanted to throw up .
tr	I	Elena slowly trailed back up stairs the .
tr	I	He smirked at the desperation my in voice , my clenched teeth .
tr	O	His expression otherwise didn 't change .
tr	I	She looked at Huw under from the brim of her straw hat .
tr	I	They 'd been high school sweethearts and known other each their entire lives .
tr	I	Logan eyes 's were wide .
tr	O	There was only one other exit on the thirteenth floor .
tr	I	I jarred into her hard one with last brutal thrust and emptied my seed deep inside of her .
tr	O	You don 't want to look back on everything someday and regret all the things you didn 't do .
tr	I	It remained two or three car behind lengths .
tr	I	All my focus goes into getting into the truck next Ivy to without losing control of my hunger .
tr	O	She never heard he had red hair before .
tr	I	I was so stiff night last I could barely move .
tr	O	She then brought the vase down , kneeled , and , opening the lid , poured out its contents under a thorny rose bush .
tr	I	She nodded and did he as asked .
tr	I	I take my off hand the car door .
tr	O	The man to my right was farthest away and he casually stepped over the bag of seafood .
tr	I	He 'd been cautious all the years he been 'd a vampire , and that had kept him alive for more than 275 years .
tr	I	I tightened the pink scarf around her neck and put my arm her around .
tr	O	Lillian and Sam were already running shoulder-to-shoulder , alongside him .
tr	I	The prince jerked on his stallion 's reins , his blue eyes never leaving the birds as they wheeled in the air to angle for descents their .
tr	O	He looks around like this is a valid possibility .
tr	I	Finally , of one the four turned back toward the Lincoln and gave a sharp nod .
tr	O	Hell , I 'd even pour them out to Lisa at this point , but she was too close to the situation .
tr	O	A small flap of the bag and two tentacles covered the foil .
tr	O	They were constantly testing the limits and wanting more freedom .
tr	I	But Riley seemed to know he what was saying and he nodded , grim .
tr	I	Most graves were probably than livelier this place .
tr	I	Linda looked at eagerly Mac .
tr	O	Blue pulled back and pinned Dom with a stare .
tr	I	He eyed for it a few moments longer and then it came to him .
tr	O	While he was mucking through the financial mess they inherited and fighting off swarms of paparazzi , she was happily at work over in Thailand .
tr	O	I stood planted to the spot I 'd landed on upon entering .
tr	I	She looked at her husband a with smile .
tr	O	We walked to the front door .
tr	I	She thought was he dim-witted .
tr	O	I smiled lightly before giving serious consideration to his question .
tr	I	So great was his fury , he hardly required Gregori 's mind merge to him assist .
tr	I	Michael walking into the diner where 'd I worked in Colorado .
tr	O	' You wouldn 't dare touch me .
tr	I	Texas had aloof stayed .
tr	I	My palms gone had slightly damp .
tr	O	She must learn that her own fate cannot be denied and that others are set to follow .
tr	O	The gasps and growls were replaced by grunts and groans .
tr	I	I want to tell him to look some other way , because I don 't feel comfortable with people staring me at .
tr	O	From the map , Gwen had seen they were close to several larger cities .
tr	O	A section was dedicated to Lilly .
tr	O	Ali 's parents had gotten it for her at Tiffany 's when she was ten after she got her tonsils out .
tr	I	She doesn 't seem to in share my nerves .
tr	I	Everything was swathed in glorious white , gold and a range whole of vivid blues .
tr	I	He dropped the sack near Tavi feet 's with a sigh of relief .
tr	O	She was , wasn 't she ?
tr	O	They spotted me , so I did the only sane thing I could think of .
tr	O	I watched as the American soldiers , including the one who had just helped me started to climb up in the truck .
tr	O	No one gained access through any door without an eye and fingerprint scan , and guards were everywhere .
tr	O	Leaning against a tree , his collar unbuttoned and tie loose , was a smirking guy .
tr	O	I zero in on that mischievous look in her eye , and I am acutely aware of the fact she means more than a couple of friends .
tr	O	Not just those cuts but some dreadful bruising .
tr	I	He the rounded back of the truck .
tr	O	He did not want to incriminate himself but he had to know where they were leading the conversation .
tr	I	Then , lifting me up , his head fell back and he opened his wide mouth .
tr	O	Clary felt a lump rising in her throat and stared straight ahead , willing herself not to tear up .
tr	O	Making our way through traffic we arrived at the checkpoint .
tr	I	The journey seemed to last long too , but Bobby pulled a paperback out of his overnight bag , and settled down to read .
tr	O	The corner of his smile is twitching , like he wants to laugh .
tr	I	she retorted , though a small part of her warmed at concern his .
tr	O	Fellow Crystal Palace supporter .
tr	O	The commander was clearly determined .
tr	O	She nodded toward the empty lounge area , then lowered her voice .
tr	O	Who were these ancient people ?
tr	I	I her loved , you know .
tr	I	Secondly , the stretch dark seldom had cops patrolling it .
tr	I	It that seems nothing is concrete .
tr	O	She seemed pleased with my request and happily led me out of her bedroom and around the dark , empty castle .
tr	O	That was good enough .
tr	O	She held out the piece of paper and waited for some response .
tr	O	I 'd had to beg to get a refill for him , since it was a full day too early .
tr	I	But he 'd never go to doctor a there .
tr	O	They couldn 't permit themselves to be drawn into a trap .
tr	O	The sheer ecstasy of the moment of fulfilment , is greater than any drug induced euphoria .
tr	O	' Honey , I have the exact opposite of anger issues . '
tr	I	Lamont looked at him with anger flaring .
tr	O	Despite her questioning he would add nothing more to satisfy her curiosity .
tr	O	She rushed back and picked it up to find she had a new text message .
tr	I	Unsure of what to say or do next , Howie just stood beside him and stared out the at ocean .
tr	O	The priest 's orb grew in size , and his voice deepened with authority .
tr	I	Leslie her dropped hand and gave her a break .
tr	I	The medic held the paper down bag by his leg .
tr	I	She needed him to think she was still at mad him so she could keep her distance but she just couldn 't maintain that anger .
tr	I	The urge to and rip tear surges into my arms and jaw .
tr	O	Brad and Cody are so much a part of my life now that I couldn 't imagine being without them .
tr	I	It looked like a communal gym , a cry far from the docking bay he had expected to be invading .
tr	I	I nodded really without listening .
tr	I	But he hadn looked 't at anybody , had he ?
tr	O	They all laughed at the outright lie .
tr	O	The storm had finally descended , making the Phoenix spin nearly off course .
tr	O	Maybe her nightmares would fade in time .
tr	O	Colin glanced at her in surprise .
tr	I	This year , however , my average was 703 : that 's nearly two hundred words more every day single .
tr	O	He didn 't want to power his way in , though .
tr	O	They were laughing loudly .
tr	O	But Adria will be fine ; this is the only thing I 'm sure of .
tr	O	Elspeth 's attention remained on Dennis .
tr	I	Ghent was city a in Belgium .
tr	I	And I won 't ask more nicely than once . '
tr	I	He hit me the on arm .
tr	I	He had stake a in his hand .
tr	O	she cried , unable to hide the delight in her voice and still not sensing the air , which had now lightened considerably .
tr	I	He had also lost weight from the stress or -- was he sick like the others ?
tr	O	She heaved an exasperated sigh .
tr	O	She 'd gone from looking at him as if he were the devil himself to an expression of amused benevolence that he didn 't like any better .
tr	I	My Mossberg trumped his Taurus - which , the by way , he left behind . '
tr	I	She puts down her slice of pizza , fingers her tight on a paper towel as she dabs at her lips .
tr	O	Damocles straightened , his thoughts racing at this most unexpected turn .
tr	O	I was inclined to take you , to punish you for your impudence .
tr	I	Locks dark of hair fell forward , shielding his face .
tr	I	The men two screamed in unison .
tr	I	He wasn 't moving and to appeared be dead . '
tr	O	They know each other ?
tr	I	My cousin Amber feels emotions the of others .
tr	I	The giant circular source life of .
tr	O	California mocked my grief with the blinding daylight , and my tears dried quickly on my cheeks .
tr	I	Cocking her head , the demon looked at the little girl in 's Ash lap .
tr	I	The firehouse would be packed with all the of families the firemen .
tr	O	So she resolved herself .
tr	I	He all above would understand .
tr	I	Those two words weren 't enough but was it all I could say right now .
tr	O	I imagine the spilled blood as an intoxicant , reacting on their alien body chemistry .
tr	I	I put the key in the lock box and it twisted .
tr	I	What do have they in common ?
tr	O	Then , Lea threw a right hook , which Payton also dodged by leaning back .
tr	O	Has he been spotted by one of the many paid snitches in the neighborhood ?
tr	O	Embossed on the side of the barrel in English were the words : Pilot Pen -- MFG Co. .
tr	I	Sleep was him taking .
tr	I	It been had bloody glorious .
tr	I	Great , now it was 's Kylie time to get her punishment .
tr	O	I did my best to pretend he looked normal .
tr	I	Ruth down strolled to the shore , watching them more intently than a lifeguard at the baby pool .
tr	O	She kept using that word , happy , over and over again .
tr	I	I immediately the noticed tattoos .
tr	O	Ava sat down on the sofa opposite of her mother and me .
tr	O	She understood now what Isabelle had meant by mutilation .
tr	O	Dazed , Jason abruptly found himself underwater as The Drifter 's deck above held him there .
tr	I	You might say it its makes own lock .
tr	I	Even his fireproof combat suit was no defense against scorching the plasma .
tr	I	Brynn shook her head and back looked out at the river .
tr	O	I wasn 't going to let myself go any further in the chatter , the conversations , the back-and-forth that had fueled us that one summer .
tr	O	There seemed to be a sudden drop in temperature .
tr	O	They 'd just waited for their cronies outside to come crashing in before attacking .
tr	I	And I knew , somehow , that this was what I 'd really training been for all those years .
tr	I	Sagging against the doorframe , he took a to second draw in the look of her , still alive .
tr	O	Finally , my senses fully kicked in .
tr	O	So great are the pleasures they bring that men may even become enslaved by them . '
tr	I	There no 's front line over there .
tr	O	I didn 't say anything else .
tr	O	She knew more about people in Sierra View than any one else Bootsy had meet .
tr	O	I 'd try to break the link .
tr	I	Dirty Windows Cassandra and Raymond sitting were by the river and talking about Raymond 's plans .
tr	I	Like she 's feeling everything I feeling 'm .
tr	O	Seeming unaware of Joseph in a coma next to my bed , she plonked herself at his feet and put her hand on his leg .
tr	I	I will kill myself with you if that what 's you want .
tr	I	His lips away peeled from his fangs in what looked to Marcus like revulsion and anger .
tr	I	At time the , Cassie 's grandmother believed that they were the last of The Hunter line , and that no one would come looking for them .
tr	O	I can 't help you with it .
tr	O	This layer has definitely been a layer of revelations .
tr	O	The POWs swore they 'd hung themselves in remorse for killing one of their own comrades and that was the end of it .
tr	I	I wanted be to any other place but on that roof with shovels , wires and a pot of bubbling tar .
tr	I	She placed a hand on chest my .
tr	I	A line thin below both circles .
tr	I	She shouted over and over again how it was to wrong trap and tease the helpless .
tr	O	It was probably the only franchise in the entire chain to go out of business .
tr	I	he asked his leader a with pointed look .
tr	I	He didn 't even remember it doing .
tr	I	His stare trailed down body my .
tr	I	Gio walked back the into main hall , and Julia followed him .
tr	I	As the pair approached saw Jake them , beckoned them over .
tr	I	Tara noticed more than a few sneaking behind tents and the heard unmistakable sounds of handheld video games being played .
tr	O	Beverly went to the kitchen and came back with a cookie .
tr	O	The Orc clapped in agreement .
tr	I	Liam saw now that everyone the in caravan watched them all in horror .
tr	I	And how did know they where to find me ?
tr	O	After that horrible day , I wiped the slate clean .
tr	I	I was my trying hand at running a local grocery .
tr	I	He 'd been handsome so , her Stephen .
tr	I	Indira watched and waited until they had moving stopped .
tr	O	They were separated by about an inch of chain along the necklace 's front .
tr	I	He 'd been relieved when he 'd heard the faint splashing of water from the lake and followed the sound to shore the to see her there .
tr	I	But Finn was only being playful ; and giving him a look , Sylvie urged him on them their walk .
tr	I	I didn 't understand it and didn 't want to think her about .
tr	O	Nicole smoothed the skirt of her gown .
tr	I	He looked down at papers the in his hands in shock .
tr	O	There was nothing calm or hesitant about him now .
tr	I	I 'm sitting in the dark about thinking how I 'm going to kill you .
tr	O	Daniel waited for the tone .
tr	O	I quietly call to Emma .
tr	I	He didn probe 't or pry , merely surrounded her in his affection .
tr	I	And the when Blood Queen lived , everyone else should fear .
tr	O	I entered the kitchen and unlocked the door that led out onto the back porch .
tr	O	As far as he knew , Grace wasn 't particularly religious .
tr	I	A couple of people standing by a rig large watched in shock then ran to her aid .
tr	O	Taking a deep breath , she sat up straight , looked at him , and prepared herself for the worse .
tr	O	He waited for a few moments in silence .
tr	I	I rolled eyes my .
tr	O	It was funny how they kept the vampires rounded up in the center , like it was their duty to protect them .
tr	I	Wasn 't being dead supposed to be , uh , comfortable more ?
tr	O	We cannot have a drag on the public purse , can we ?
tr	O	Hmm , I wonder whether my mother would share your opinion on that .
tr	I	I to wanted hide .
tr	I	It was the middle of the day , everything and looked as if it were normal .
tr	O	He knew that his voice sounded stark and savage with the force of his need .
tr	I	Outside , the rest of crew the was quickening to a run by the time the boat reached the sandy ground beneath the Wind Breaker .
tr	O	Right there in my childhood bedroom .
tr	O	The feathered props sliced the air at full RPM .
tr	O	I found myself wondering whether or not I 'd died and gone someplace I couldn 't begin to deserve .
tr	O	But he had to understand , she wasn 't about to put up with Madeleine 's rudeness .
tr	O	I must have fallen asleep ; for the next thing I remembered was finding myself standing up , supported by a soldier on each side of me .
tr	I	He must realize how I 'm feeling because his face up lightens and he changes the subject .
tr	I	The guys , my bandmates , about know this .
tr	I	Let 's go on inside and you get settled in for the night .
tr	O	He wanted her , with the innate need one felt for food and water .
tr	I	Noor ran out of the room into the living room look to for the phone .
tr	O	There was a silence .
tr	O	If possible , witness some ( safe and legal ! )
tr	O	He thought about the two prostitutes who had offered themselves to him earlier tonight .
tr	O	I 'm number twenty .
tr	I	Suddenly , Kylie Galen 's world before Shadow Falls didn 't seem desirable so .
tr	O	You love to brag on your man and how sensitive he is .
tr	I	Paige had the tucked ring away for her daughter to wear later .
tr	O	It was supposed to come naturally , but nothing since he 'd touched Madeleine 's soft white skin had felt natural .
tr	I	He the held phone away from his ear as Vivian Coulter shrieked .
tr	O	Alice went to the kitchen .
tr	I	He discovered that the two medics whom was he replacing had done a good job of keeping things in order .
tr	I	Why had admitted she that ?
tr	I	Marie can take one of the other nurses with her to see Mrs Bishop and friends her , I 'll brief her . '
tr	I	More unseen was the mental going battle on .
tr	O	I was ready to dance , ready to play some tonsil hockey ... ready to crawl on the bar top and flash the bartender for a drink .
tr	I	It went always off .
tr	I	Ending the call , Jude 's face was blank with shock ; then it morphed quickly to the most exhilarated I 'd ever seen it .
tr	O	Isn 't that sweet ?
tr	I	Dominic 's computer empire was quickly growing , and he knew he needed security , but he was one also who didn 't trust many people .
tr	O	Albert walked into the kitchen to handle his assignment .
tr	I	You a push button inside the watch .
tr	O	He smiled slightly and squeezed her hand .
tr	I	Jayme waited for us there , Fido with at her side .
tr	I	The lady old added , ' That big one 's a bully . '
tr	O	Now it just said one word .
tr	I	She me elbowed in the side .
tr	O	But in stark contrast , Dublin 's Northside became during the century a beautiful city .
tr	O	It was just like Mikael to talk to a superior like that -- like they were really an equal .
tr	O	Rhea and Summer are comparing Knox and Rex .
tr	I	Smokey Robinson sang from softly the jukebox .
tr	I	His aroused hands my body , a ship at his command .
tr	I	He saw and them shook his head in apology .
tr	I	I never in cried front of people , she knew this .
tr	O	The house was quiet , the night still .
tr	O	The kingdoms were abuzz .
tr	I	The phone started again ringing before I even made it to the shower .
tr	I	She 'd never hated anyone as much as she him hated in that moment .
tr	O	Ash started across the street , dodging one car and forcing another to a hasty and noisy stop .
tr	I	There no was one who could be traced back to him .
tr	I	Or normal sandwiches , she decided as she walked back into her and room saw the time .
tr	I	He said he be would here .
tr	O	Rohr could wire Cleve , capture incriminating statements from Derrick , then threaten the kid with criminal prosecution if he didn 't lean on his girlfriend .
tr	I	The Mexicans scattered around the bases , we and were ready to play .
tr	I	After an hour , there was a loud triple knock on door the .
tr	I	The room was hidden on the port side , forward of the salon bulkhead , tucked away between the head and Albert cabin 's .
tr	O	But how to get from here to there without being seen ?
tr	I	Madge her hugged close .
tr	I	I 've put it on cruise control and am just steering that in direction .
tr	O	It doesn 't smell like anything I 'm familiar with .
tr	I	Panic buttons a had purpose after all .
tr	O	I 'm sure more interest will be elicited from Earth once we get busier .
tr	O	Mrs. Mercer hugged her tightly .
tr	O	Wolf scanned the eyes of the seated , they had all put their palms on the table .
tr	I	Silence the is order of the day .
tr	I	Well , as Claude put it , hell the with her .
tr	I	That me told two things .
tr	I	Zane looked up as well , only catching glimpses of the gray evening sky between the layers colored of foliage barely illuminated by the fire .
tr	I	I tried to picture him on a bicycle and the made image me laugh out loud .
tr	I	I accepted was he out working on whatever it was they worked on .
tr	O	A woman who could not be bought .
tr	I	Donovan held out the cup to her and drank she from it without thinking .
tr	O	Their wives want no harm to come to you because you are their friend .
tr	I	Natalie her dragged gaze ahead .
tr	O	She had a black eye coming in and a swollen cheek .
tr	O	He grabbed the cup from my hand .
tr	O	Bren 's hands , by comparison , were warm and sweaty .
tr	I	She over peered his shoulders .
tr	O	JAX : Sweetheart , I 'm a man .
tr	O	But with all the crazy crap that was going on already , did she want to add mind control to her list ?
tr	I	She seemed surprised and frightened , dropped and the bag she was carrying .
tr	O	It wasn 't my thing and if I could avoid it all costs I did .
tr	I	I just didn 't want to think that 's what meant he .
tr	O	It reminds me of being younger in the city ... it reminds me of a time that has long since passed .
tr	I	As Mac and Jace walked toward it , Mac 's gaze concentrated the on restricted area .
tr	O	He smirked and reached for a Band-Aid , ripping off the little tabs and then smoothing it over the spot where he gave me the shot .
tr	I	For several long moments , all either woman had done was stand frozen in place as they though couldn 't believe what they were seeing .
tr	O	It was a warm November morning , hot enough to suggest that it might reach over thirty degrees by the afternoon .
tr	I	There was no telling how many Arthur people had interviewed yesterday .
tr	O	God help him , but he was completely lost .
tr	I	If this is to going happen , I need to look better than the last time I saw him , but I can 't look too interesting .
tr	O	The machines started beeping a different tune , and the nurse exclaimed .
tr	O	Might have thrown a punch or two myself if I wasn 't so high mileage .
tr	O	Some new worry now rested on Director Bill Jennings ' shoulders .
tr	I	He a lifts small plastic bag .
tr	I	She sent you because 's she afraid of me .
tr	O	The sense of the unknown becoming known 's was something he had found with other backpackers who really saw what was happening in the places they visit .
tr	O	My dad inched his SUV up the Mansion 's drive .
tr	I	But God comprehended , if only in reflection , what He had done during his bursts creation of .
tr	I	Nicole nodded but surprised was by the price .
tr	O	My mother 's expression was anguished when I met her face , longing and sympathy predominant in the way she tilted her head .
tr	I	They seem so empty on surface the .
tr	O	I shuddered again at the thought .
tr	O	It zipped through the air , flying toward Marsh .
tr	I	I did as I was and told handed him the keys when I was outside the car .
tr	I	Chapter 5 -- ... Experts Cornelia called to find Grey was already on his way back into town in the squad car .
tr	I	Gripping his belt for all she was worth , she focused on putting one foot in of front the other as she ran behind him .
tr	I	She did it again and again until its left eye had burst off , spraying a spout of deep blood red into her face .
tr	O	Anyone who has ever been bitten by a shark while swimming would know how it felt .
tr	O	Don 't cry , don 't , ' he whispers again and again , but I cannot stop .
tr	O	A sort of game played to see who will be the first to back down from the rapidly escalating situation .
tr	O	Actually , I should 've said was a lot of fun .
tr	I	Then , eyeing the ahead path , curiosity got the better of him , again .
tr	O	Lucy calmed herself down after counting to five .
tr	O	Somehow I said yes to a second game ... Probably because the first one ended before I knew it started .
tr	O	I have Dweller numbers that I can control now .
tr	O	When he speaks his voice is low and conveys rage , his breath hot on my cheeks .
tr	O	Now he sat on his balcony , slumped in the round thick cushion of the cane lounge chair in the corner .
tr	I	Zeal immediately stomped over , pushing me out of the way to the confront eccentric doctor .
tr	O	I kept moving , stumbling over roots as the darkness deepened within the dense thicket , beginning to feel as if I were being swallowed whole .
tr	O	The sight of her face in the mirror as he held her .
tr	O	Nor would he have had it not been for a coincidental run-in with an agency man , Tyrone .
tr	I	But everyone has cracks their in armor .
tr	I	The students were totally rattled by Mr. Guerra 's voice booming yet they managed to respond in chorus like neophyte soldiers in training camp .
tr	O	I hang up the phone .
tr	O	My throat 's still a little raw but my lungs are fine .
tr	O	He slumped back down into the chair and rubbed his hand down his face .
tr	I	Was Kristy gossip 's right ?
tr	I	He felt pity for her , felt of protective her , but those feelings might not be the healthiest way to start a romance .
tr	O	She 'd known that was coming .
tr	I	The egg had been unattended whatever by had laid it for weeks ... at the minimum .
tr	I	Sam asked , taking her hand from back him .
tr	I	he asked , his expression clearly concerned as he gripped her upper arms with both hands and her pulled into the middle of the raft .
tr	I	This time he used the connection private he had with his brother .
tr	O	At least this time the bullet had gone right through .
tr	O	We had reached the rear wall and I noticed a seam in the smooth metal .
tr	O	Her features absolutely angelic as her blue eyes sparkle and a soft , golden glow surrounds her .
tr	I	I 've made sure he had boys to talk and to hang out with .
tr	I	Sometime between his stroking of my hair and the kisses he on drops my forehead , my thoughts thin and then go quiet .
tr	I	Father assumed I 'd follow him the into wool trade , but ... numbers , finance , all that , I can 't stand it .
tr	O	It 's a networking website where anyone can post just about anything .
tr	O	Michael 's expression was pained .
tr	I	So who else could I have learned how to my advance ability from ?
tr	O	Stepping into the water , Diana begins to swim toward the ship .
tr	O	Not wanting to spend more time than necessary inside the funeral home , Seth held out the remaining half of the dog biscuit .
tr	I	Licking lips my , I began , hoping the right words would come to me .
tr	O	Julie Caesar , however , had to be sedated and carried out on a stretcher .
tr	I	The shock her of words almost knocked him back off his feet .
tr	I	She wrapped arms her around her stomach .
tr	I	Nothing was going happen to .
tr	I	Especially a like nobody you .
tr	I	A mysterious mist comes out Uriel of ´ s eye sockets .
tr	O	Is that why she is here ?
tr	O	It was going to happen .
tr	O	Saturday started off normally , Bill joined the general population for breakfast and forced himself to eat .
tr	O	There was no slack in the knots .
tr	O	Maximus now sat in the passenger seat , glaring at me .
tr	I	I got in and buckled up and I watched as he walked the around car to the driver 's side .
tr	O	She shot it once more before it turned and ran away .
tr	O	There was none of the shyness , the backwardness in the presence of a male .
tr	O	He ran back to the nurse 's station and stood behind the counter .
tr	O	A flat black video monitor extended on a thin , flexible mount from the table in front of her .
tr	O	He could also feel his face transform to a deep shade of crimson .
tr	O	Trystan has an amazed look on his face and occasionally glances at me out of the corner of his eye .
tr	O	And damn , when he touched her , she went up in flames for him .
tr	O	In seconds he was among the trees .
tr	I	It is greatest my regret that I cannot be there with you .
tr	O	But in spite of all perplexities , he was conscious of extreme well-being .
tr	I	He had made clear it that he didn 't want me right now .
tr	O	It had been so long since she had been kissed .
tr	O	I can feel the world coming back into focus around me .
tr	O	The trophy cabinet took her attention .
tr	I	He was already feeling slightly buzzed all from the scotch he had drunk earlier at the country club .
tr	I	Now in the gathering darkness she was delighted to note a light in the back kitchen , the familiar old car parked in driveway the .
tr	O	He 's not very good in bed .
tr	I	She had always been smiling .
tr	I	This wasn rustling 't .
tr	I	A trigger romanticize to .
tr	I	I used to that say to her every time we 'd come here and she 'd get scared and hold onto my dad for dear life .
tr	I	She smiled at warmly him .
tr	O	I first went to Syed and then went for the others .
tr	I	He thought about the computer but looked outside and wanted to take advantage of the weather great .
tr	O	That should afford me some small measure of privacy .
tr	O	Satan smiled , his thumbs brushing across her trembling lips .
tr	O	Maybe he would come back in when he calmed down .
tr	O	In a lot of ways , he reminded me of my brother .
tr	I	The two nearest exploded completely .
tr	O	Right , I was the mentor here .
tr	I	I figured eventually out they must be the luggage .
tr	I	He must 've said his name her to .
tr	O	However , her emotions didn 't match the logic .
tr	O	His blue eyes bore into hers , causing warmth to blossom in her chest .
tr	I	There is place no where it begins .
tr	I	The view him struck an almost physical blow .
tr	O	Kell looked alarmed , then resigned ; finally he grinned .
tr	I	Then they had lacked the to strength return , or perhaps they didn 't care to return .
tr	O	The mother was now sobbing with pleas of mercy for all prisoners .
tr	O	It 's about the man - the billionaire who may seem to have everything but doesn 't .
tr	I	Shelby isn exactly 't small , but it 's definitely not a city .
tr	O	Several news vans too .
tr	O	It had not ended well for the human population .
tr	O	The rest of the dinner was better , full of conversation and fun .
tr	O	This time there was only a two-day wait .
tr	I	For instance , if you 're discreet , you can visit me at my anytime place .
tr	O	The stars were out , like a cloud of fireflies buzzing .
tr	O	A frown creased his forehead .
tr	I	Its will form allow you to use magic in this realm !
tr	I	He pulled me closer , warm arms encircling me , lulling me into a sense false of security .
tr	O	Danvers regarded him through narrowed eyes .
tr	I	Steps back till 's she next to me .
tr	O	Even though I couldn 't see his eyes , I could tell my words had finally affected him .
tr	I	I smiled as I glanced in the direction the of door , but my smile quickly dissipated when I realized that it was Jessie .
tr	O	What if I 'd mixed up Athena and Artemis ?
tr	O	We should have planned .
tr	O	She looked at the others .
tr	I	I looked down at my nail and picking started at the polish .
tr	I	All emotion drained from away his face .
tr	I	Hunting surrounded sharks the group , scenting the blood , moving in to attack .
tr	I	The Assassins loyal to Abbas had seen them by then , and some were heading toward them while fanned others out to outflank them .
tr	I	The candlelight played lovingly the over curves and hollows of her body , touching and caressing with flicking light .
tr	I	Didn 't he realize that apart from her sister and mother , he was the only person whose love really she wanted ?
tr	O	She wore the same tank and shorts that had been discarded on her floor .
tr	I	I wouldn 't have been angry if you had been reading mind my or the girls ' minds .
tr	O	They used a stencil .
tr	I	He was how wondering the stallion would handle water jumps .
tr	O	It 's like I 'm working for my father .
tr	I	She couldn 't it help .
tr	I	The regular chats he was having with himself was to beginning grind Nate 's patience to dust .
tr	O	She 'd been crying on and off since Nana had died .
tr	I	Desperately , she wanted to be there out with him , beside him .
tr	O	Brian went silent for a minute .
tr	O	This is my domain now , and only the boldest , the strongest , and the smartest will be allowed to serve me in the end .
tr	I	It was more than likely her sickness , whatever it was , would out mete its own punishment and soon .
tr	I	She pushed again , staying closer to the side , digging her into nail the slight crease between the gem and the stone rim .
tr	I	We only there think are .
tr	O	The air sizzled , his lips burned , promising to leave their mark .
tr	O	Once in the intersection , tall office buildings and monuments stretched toward the crest of a hill .
tr	O	Fin climbed the steps to view the unexpected visitor .
tr	I	She quickly assessed the situation and a formulated strategy of attack .
tr	I	' But that not is my fault .
tr	O	When he was ready he would tell her why he shied away from intimacy .
tr	O	Had King wanted me to find this place , anticipating that something bad was going to happen to him ?
tr	O	Adel wonders why his Grand Uncle didn 't have his precious granddaughter living in the penthouse suite .
tr	O	Della The pizza hadn 't even arrived yet when Tripp walked back in the door .
tr	O	It wasn 't a simple motivation to untangle .
tr	I	Gaius and nodded squeezed Amara 's shoulder gently .
tr	I	Then the head cook , Morton , turned and motioned both with arms for the villagers to come seat themselves .
tr	O	Anybody could be caught off guard once .
tr	O	It was powerful enough to make the ground vibrate for a couple of seconds loudly .
tr	I	They both had haunted the look that the wheelbarrow men had shown .
tr	O	This book remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes .
tr	I	For some reason , this made me more feel comfortable with her .
tr	I	Her smile faltered a for second before she noticed I was observing her then it was full of false bravado .
tr	I	This tryst with terror the feeling did not come alone .
tr	I	Thanks much so for the care packages you sent this week .
tr	I	I crawled behind the family room sofa , but someone had beat to me the hiding place .
tr	I	He groaned , thrust one time last , then grew slack .
tr	O	But as Warner approaches , Adam seems to thaw .
tr	O	He hesitated and then decided it would be only polite to ask .
tr	I	The side of his house butted practically another home .
tr	O	My little brother loved him so much .
tr	O	His gaze fell to her mouth and she forgot her animosity .
tr	O	He had long , slender fingers that warmed her even if his grip was a little too intense .
tr	O	Visit of a friend from Old Cold Country .
tr	I	He Cricket knows Bell must be related to Calliope Bell .
tr	I	A compact red car in the drive instead of mom my 's CRV .
tr	I	The ultimate refinement was a hand operated to winch lower the bottom , thus giving a flat top .
tr	I	After half hour an , she thought of at least eating something .
tr	I	They got never there .
tr	I	I stay the on move .
tr	I	There were two examination rooms , one used staff for and the other for the detained werewolves .
tr	O	If Ibrahim says that Rose will be safe , then she will be .
tr	O	But he had never been one to avoid an obvious problem .
tr	O	Kyle and Justin were sitting nearby .
tr	I	All three rays of light were by encased streams of black smoke and they all joined into one source located opposite the sisters ' cabin .
tr	I	He just up turned wherever I was .
tr	I	He let fingers his explore her tummy .
tr	O	She was limping slightly , but not too badly .
tr	I	We totally 're lacking in evidence , but we have suspects , motives , victims and opportunities .
tr	O	All the strength left her , and she seemed to melt over his solid body .
tr	I	He would use it a as beacon .
tr	I	I a threw pillow at his head , which he ducked easily .
tr	I	He laughs as he turns and faces the and chalkboard corrects his wardrobe malfunction .
tr	O	I don 't know where my love is but I will find .
tr	O	Everything was relaxed , we could joke around and not wonder if one of our friends was having their life threatened .
tr	O	When he still doesn 't move after a few moments , I reach out and nudge him with the toe of my boot .
tr	O	He sighed and put the cup down to go stomping up the corridor .
tr	I	In Sera 's life , a man had to fall in love with the woman , the kids , the house , and dog their Buddy .
tr	I	I swallow against the in lump my throat then lift my head , pressing my mouth to his .
tr	O	But that 's what happened when you were blinded by your own attraction .
tr	I	Then again , why would he be pleased when I told him some about other guy I liked more ?
tr	I	He kept her balance off mentally and physically .
tr	I	There 's only one for remedy heartbreak .
tr	I	Speaking of being bound honor by , I must confess that Maxim is a cheap bastard with office walls like onion skin .
tr	I	But if don you 't want to tell me about this , that 's okay .
tr	O	His fingers coiled into a sweaty ball of nerves .
tr	I	A man stood beneath light the , alone .
tr	O	If she really wanted to stop him , she had to be more decisive , more forceful .
tr	O	He weaves his hands in my curls , capturing my lips with his .
tr	O	I shook my head again and moved .
tr	O	The navy changed its mind about owning the base and offered it to the marine corps , and they have been in command ever since .
tr	O	And take your anger and use it .
tr	O	We won 't stop until we 're satisfied .
tr	O	Klaudia lowered her fork .
tr	I	Even Graff gone had out , leaving the girls in Cook 's care .
tr	I	This newness was a canvas blank , upon which his fingers drew new forms , delving into her .
tr	I	Sighing loudly , Madge polished the glass same for a third time while ignoring Bob and Jack as they entered the bar .
tr	O	A hush seemed to fall on everybody around us .
tr	I	Beyond the white raster curtain , John Paul was waiting at the same table they had used day the before .
tr	I	They sat close to each other , their shoulders touching , their eyes to darting and from each other .
tr	I	I out reach and grab James 's arm .
tr	I	Alfonso came and helped me with her and me led to our cabin .
tr	I	I doubted that Jared and I would ever along get .
tr	O	I took a step closer .
tr	I	He rose to his feet , drawing more than a couple of female as eyes he walked to my side of the table and extended his hand .
tr	I	She met gaze his , her lips clamped together for a long moment , before responding .
tr	I	Could Hollis have become so nuts about me in such short a time that he was willing to frame Tolliver to keep me here ?
tr	O	And I preferred to save my money . '
tr	I	Somehow doubted I I was the cause of her insomnia , though .
tr	O	And then an odd thing happens .
tr	O	She needed me as much as I needed her and the day her brother came back into her life was the day we all will never forget .
tr	O	I 'm even more bewildered than Helen !
tr	O	Despite his announcement she felt the mixture of relief and anger surge from her son 's latest antics .
tr	O	But if she had died a natural death why had she appeared to Grace ?
tr	I	When he pulled the trigger , a white of flash light exploded in his head and caught fire .
tr	I	He that assumed vampires and werewolves were satisfied to live among humans .
tr	I	It 't wasn an easy walking distance .
tr	I	And now you staying 're with Courtney Valentine .
tr	O	Some of the children went to sleep .
tr	O	But trying to explain that would sound equally ridiculous .
tr	I	She thinks that I crapped on carpet the .
tr	I	He pretended to preoccupied be .
tr	O	Come on upstairs and I 'll show you to your room .
tr	O	She had risen to her feet and was looking down at Tessa with her pale eyes burning .
tr	I	No one noticed him as he lay sprawled on ground the between the cannons .
tr	O	He had another look in the book just to make sure he had not forgotten anything and was pleased to see that he had everything .
tr	O	Indigo was talking kind of slowly .
tr	I	Do what say I .
tr	I	I was so involved in the story , it was a shock to come back to the present , to circle the around the dying fire .
tr	O	He kept his eyes downcast until we were outside , but then looked up at me .
tr	O	She glanced over at me then .
tr	O	At each new location , he heard a half-dozen new stories about this or that that the new Cheyne had done .
tr	O	I was surprised to hear her mention Sofia .
tr	O	Zook rested his forehead against the cold wall .
tr	I	I wiggle my arm free from my side and run my along finger the outline of his jaw .
tr	O	Women aren 't even from the Milky Way .
tr	O	At first the talk was always light - wouldn 't it be cool ?
tr	I	Elizabeth put an lightly arm around Caroline 's shoulders .
tr	I	Not at flesh all .
tr	O	Where is it now ?
tr	I	A shadow flickered across his eyes , but it was gone a in heartbeat .
tr	O	At the most polite , that term could be called completely inaccurate .
tr	O	But that 's not even the worst part .
tr	O	Your son was a very young child at the time .
tr	O	I don 't actually live in Croydon , ' I said . '
tr	O	He 'd waited a long time for this .
tr	O	And he didn 't notice as light slowly faded from the windows and dusk became night .
tr	I	Faster , harder than first the .
tr	I	Was so he anxious to get rid of his attachment to me he couldn 't let me wait until an appropriate time to talk to my son ?
tr	I	They were more of an early warning system to let us know danger was coming and if we didn 't spring into action , we die would .
tr	I	' Mum , ' she in said way of an explanation .
tr	O	Could the whole thing have been a hoax to divert their attention ?
tr	I	As they neared the edge , Terri missed footing her , tripped and went sprawling across the grass .
tr	I	I paused when I Amelia saw 's figure standing in front of the stretching field .
tr	O	Chapter 18 The dwarves circled , their eyes wide with wonder at her strange reappearance .
tr	O	Marcus took a few steps towards the side of the boat , waving to Kira to follow .
tr	I	Elissa could see that in laughter his eyes and knew he was trying to be polite .
tr	I	They probably 't didn remember anyway .
tr	O	Once again he needed to act quickly if he was to have the advantage of surprise .
tr	O	' Who is it ? '
tr	I	But this was the tree he seen had and selected , and Colin , at heart , was nothing if not very stubborn .
tr	I	A muscle twitched his in jaw as he watched the road .
tr	I	How you did escape ?
tr	O	I 'm probably going to be riding around anyway .
tr	I	Look at the gearshift ; it is the stick in middle the of the floor .
tr	I	They never repeated themselves - not so far as could he determine .
tr	I	The knife tumbled free rang and as it hit the floor .
tr	I	Near his foot was a map of Gettysburg , and he looked down at the ridges and grooves across running the land .
tr	O	I pointed as we passed a plaque embedded high in the rock face right along Purgatory Road .
tr	I	You need a release , and I know that it 's hard here since you haven 't any made friends yet .
tr	O	She brushed past Celeste and stalked to the Jeep .
tr	I	Christian seemed lonely , probably and would love a sibling .
tr	O	I wondered if he was being cruel or if he was testing me to see if my loyalty would belong to him or to Sofia .
tr	O	I can still feel it taking a toll on me .
tr	I	He loosened heavy the canopy above the bed so that it was hanging only by a thread .
tr	O	Lucas clutched me to him in an impossibly tight embrace , and I wrapped my arms around his shoulders .
tr	O	Would I even be able to feel him ?
tr	O	I looked up into the cracked mirror behind him and Stella .
tr	I	I a held drawstring purse .
tr	I	But he 'd that channeled into strength .
tr	I	He reached the for doorknob and was gratified when it turned .
tr	O	Their hair had partially dried , but Aria had seaweed twisted in her bangs .
tr	I	She had pluck , and I just knew that , more than anything else , save would her .
tr	I	She 'd been sent back to time earth and again for her strength , her goodness and her compassion .
tr	I	I 've taken stab a or two at poetry , but I 'll be the last person to share that with Logan .
tr	O	Noah shakes his head .
tr	O	he wonders and I shake my head .
tr	I	she said , tossing the bag beside him a with crash .
tr	I	But somehow , as much as she was frightened , as much her as body hurt , she knew that Gregori was far more tormented than she .
tr	I	She was certain also there was something about the woman that wasn 't quite ... right .
tr	I	Every warrior instinct he rebelled possessed .
tr	O	He 's always making her work .
tr	O	My magical energy was nearly depleted and I suddenly felt weak .
tr	I	The softness of lips his .
tr	I	That was my greatest fear - that I 'd be killed I before warned the Princes of the peril they faced .
tr	O	I pointed at the refrigerator .
tr	O	I think she 's still kind of sad about her breakup with her boyfriend .
tr	I	Even as he raced back down the ladder to assist the in preparations , he knew that in the end , all would prove futile .
tr	I	Katie had also jumped up upon hearing my shrieking voice and stood staring at me in shock , not knowing to what do .
tr	I	He quickly it kicked off .
tr	O	David Jamison discouraged all forms of employee socialization .
tr	O	Michelle looked up with interest .
tr	I	I don 't this want .
tr	I	The same could not be of said his stomach , which quickly twisted uneasily .
tr	I	But there was that something looked almost ... almost lost about him as he stood , staring out the window .
tr	I	Even her cheekbones protruded from the sides of her face , giving her the appearance of skeleton a .
tr	O	It was like I 'd been drunk .
tr	I	She no was angel .
tr	O	Turning , she caught sight of William approaching .
tr	I	said the again ocean , more assuaged .
tr	O	And finally , she could feel her heart being stitched together .
tr	O	How committed do you want your relationship to be when your partner reveals who they really are ?
tr	I	In selling Talk Talk , we were sent out to toughest the suburbs that the northside of Dublin had to offer .
tr	I	I wiped blood the from my mouth and took extra care not to spill some on my shirt .
tr	I	First date a with girl .
tr	I	Mach and Lennox have been fighting hard at speed a no human can move .
tr	O	As Razia had found out three weeks ago when she had been tossed out for sneaking in through a window .
tr	I	She mouthed okay and then followed me I as walked back toward the kitchen .
tr	O	She said she would meet me at a bookstore in a mall .
tr	O	At least now she knew how he felt , and that his promise was his word and his honor .
tr	O	That remote , rough terrain would serve to hide them , allowing them to hoof it overland from their drop point .
tr	I	Peace , calm , a to connection the eternal and the infinite and that which is beyond so many people in this world .
tr	I	How much more West can you get California than ?
tr	O	These days their weapons are more far-reaching and dangerous .
tr	I	' Um , none about .
tr	O	He decided to check with Watson and Donoghue before looking for somewhere to stay the night .
tr	O	Patti gathered up her schedule and pens and stormed out of the meeting .
tr	O	The four-bedroom house was much larger than anything they 'd ever hoped to own .
tr	O	A huge drone robot advanced and stood in the doorway .
tr	I	She really that hated bargain .
tr	O	Only in my dreams did life end up being that simple .
tr	O	It was well past 7 PM and the staff had retired for the night .
tr	O	A heavy cream envelope was lying on it .
tr	O	Perhaps you remember it .
tr	I	The seats were torn , the was dash cracked , and the outside wasn 't in great shape .
tr	I	Anna sat all reading night the names with Callista beside .
tr	O	If this doesn 't work out , I won 't have you to talk to , and I 'll need to .
tr	O	I 'd dumped a good portion of bourbon into my cup of tea .
tr	I	Altair could feel their eyes his on back .
tr	I	The project ran from formally February to December 1949 .
tr	O	It didn 't make any sense , I had left my drink half untouched .
tr	O	I wanted to taste him more .
tr	I	But he 't couldn .
tr	O	The herbs clung perfectly to the glistening leaves .
tr	I	I just ... you like more than I hate him .
tr	I	That is ... I wonder if any letters have come on the ship docked that .
tr	O	It also stained the tip of the sword Jonas was holding .
tr	O	Seeing we were slipping from her grasp , Dinah thought of a few more questions to ask us , and we dodged them more or less politely .
tr	I	Earl 't didn respond to that other than to nod in understanding , apparently content with silence just like his son often was .
tr	I	I hear Rico moving more slowly behind me , and I his wish steps were quieter .
tr	O	Something he couldn 't define , but couldn 't deny .
tr	O	Years of being a ballerina had obviously given her an amazing figure .
tr	I	Robin had tried to convince herself that confiding in Angela about Cole was a clever way of thwarting her friend 's efforts matchmaking .
tr	O	What the hell could he be doing in this strange town ?
tr	O	It was a bit like Death 's house .
tr	I	He lifted a blond eyebrow at me flashed and a half grin .
tr	O	The old adage is true .
tr	O	His eyes widen in surprise , but I reach out and pull the leather from his thigh .
tr	I	I wasn fucking 't asking you .
tr	O	You have no idea what these people are capable of , do you ?
tr	I	Bia looked between the two to decide if she continue should .
tr	O	The tension in the air started to dissolve and a few students around me let out held breaths .
tr	O	Then he noticed a second door on the rear wall that looked like a freezer door .
tr	O	Clara looked at me with a concerned face .
tr	I	Jayme was a less lot complicated and more open about what he thought and felt .
tr	O	If anything comes up , I want you to go in pairs to check it out .
tr	O	Throughout the cave a perfect ' C ' note filled the audible space and felt like it instantly added ten degrees of warm air .
tr	I	She took them and her coffee into the sorting room , opened then the office for the afternoon deliveries .
tr	O	I could see from it that Spartan had put ten pounds on a horse called Deputy Dog earlier that day .
tr	I	So this is why Elliot was so interested in this attending session .
tr	O	Without meeting her gaze , the older man walked past her to the kitchen .
tr	I	It was being to friendly me .
tr	O	As he continues down the street with Martin , Max hopes that his dreams don 't mean anything .
tr	I	You to have let him go ... before he hurts himself .
tr	I	' I do not have for time your games .
tr	I	She wasn 't dressed as provocatively as the blonde , her but clothing didn 't leave much to the imagination , either .
tr	I	Daniel felt the rush blood to his head .
tr	O	She stared down at him , her face curiously devoid of emotion .
tr	I	I glanced around the and room then up at the ceiling .
tr	I	He carried her into the bedroom and laid her out on the bed , staring down at her with promise sinful in his eyes .
tr	O	Lena 's face broke the surface of the water , gazing up at Kendra with liquid eyes .
tr	O	I had met a few of the aware in high school .
tr	I	But one Barrett night had called me , when he 'd held out as long as he could for his legacy .
tr	I	Of she course missed that .
tr	I	It barely anything covers .
tr	I	I smirk her at .
tr	I	I watched as Carly and Max hit her , I could feel the that pain she felt and my wolf whined .
tr	O	But ... they 've never really gotten along .
tr	I	Her dad parted Ed with and opened the front door .
tr	I	It really was a sight pretty .
tr	I	Reggie stared at up the T. Rex in awe .
tr	I	He sat in the cell and alone heard the sounds of silence .
tr	O	He 'd not let go of her hair .
tr	I	How did Savannah at look him ?
tr	I	My power clings to their forms as my fingers would , finally finding a perfect center that divides the group two into halves .
tr	I	Eirik slipped his arms around my waist and my kissed temple .
tr	I	But did you ever even think that there could be something that was beyond your comprehension limited ?
tr	I	All the excess power that the place produces gets sold New to York City .
tr	O	She will never abandon you , she will always be with you , unless you choose not to have her .
tr	I	But I don want 't to force you .
tr	I	Okay , one that wouldn 't be so hard .
tr	O	It was not a very graceful performance , but Laurence was perfectly willing to forgive him that and more after the previous day 's work .
tr	I	At this least time we know what the underlying secret is .
tr	I	Naturally they had friends other too , from different faculties and different countries .
tr	O	Darcy was in a tough situation again .
tr	O	I didn 't want to dance .
tr	O	She was still laboring to breathe , but he felt her tears lessen .
tr	I	Like that stupid boy Austin getting himself in killed the trench because he was bored and restless .
tr	O	Shara , delighting in companionship , leaped to nudge them both .
tr	O	Transition complete , I lay crumpled and stunned in a heap of frigid dust .
tr	O	He fumbled around inside his mouth with a finger and then produced Imp stared .
tr	I	The would Rivals be apposite enough , for one departing Bath ; but perhaps it should be Love à la Mode .
tr	O	How could she be pregnant ?
tr	O	And just flat out loved Wade , the man .
tr	O	Chris wrapped his arm around her waist , trying to pull her back , but she refused to release the curtain , refused to be torn away .
tr	O	I knock him hard in the head with the butt of my blade and he slumps down , unconscious .
tr	O	She cut the cards into three piles .
tr	I	She in paused thought .
tr	I	Anakin folded arms his .
tr	O	However , this isn 't correct .
tr	O	The truth is , a slight shift is occurring in your world as we speak .
tr	I	But when she got to room his she found he was deeply asleep .
tr	O	His black hair is a sweaty mess on his forehead and his dark eyes are wide in the dim light .
tr	O	He ejects himself and lands on top of me , his lips hitting mine hot and wet as we quiver back to another time .
tr	I	Surely it would bring them great joy to hear that their bloodlines out spat something worthwhile .
tr	I	When the came answer , he attempted to describe the details of Carol 's problem .
tr	I	He heard water the from washbasin being sloshed about and nearly groaned at the idea that she was completing her wash right there a few feet away .
tr	O	Hopefully , it will help me learn and my stories will get better with knowledge .
tr	O	She heard growl and then groan as she slid her mouth over him boldly , satisfying his need .
tr	O	Alma : Leon is Greek for Lion .
tr	O	Seth and I take the backseat in the van and Kayden tells the cab driver where to go .
tr	I	Then he sniffed the air and picked the up ham smell and the new Helen scent .
tr	I	Get out of and Dodge never look back .
tr	I	I pushed against chest his .
tr	O	The man seemed to think they had all the answers , and he guessed it made sense since they were from the future and all .
tr	I	CHAPTER SIX Andrea yelped and yanked the up covers to her shoulders .
tr	O	She hated for him to go to extra work .
tr	I	She looked at the bag then and at Mary .
tr	O	What do you have to lose ?
tr	I	He was half only joking .
tr	I	Rhona was getting dressed when the wal cave s shook a bit .
tr	O	Dylan sized up the man .
tr	I	And this woman would his be .
tr	O	The bird in the tree called out .
tr	O	His last thought was to check his messages , perhaps his father had managed to get in contact this way .
tr	I	He began with a fast , hard rhythm of pounding into her that just harder got , faster , their skin slapping together with every powerful thrust .
tr	O	She was rarely out of her mother 's company to meet strangers .
tr	I	I ask , needing to make sure because I know what she 's through been and the last thing I ever want to do is pressure her .
tr	O	Everyone looked at her , even Brick turned to face her .
tr	I	He handed Connor an water open bottle .
tr	O	Eloy reached down and clasped the cool grip , replaced it on his thighs , and thinned his eyes .
tr	O	But she had a sudden impulse to clean herself up a little , for Lawyer Borden .
tr	O	The partial was all I could give her without sounding insane .
tr	O	It was a long time later that I thought back on those days with a different eye and suddenly realized the things I had missed .
tr	O	His eyes had turned red .
tr	I	I gestured the to cluster of humans .
tr	O	All it took was one simple text .
tr	I	' Well , how would know I what you want ? '
tr	O	And now that you 've got your answers , I want to find out what you know about my sister 's disappearance .
tr	I	If it something were , she 'd still be screaming .
tr	O	Pigeon furrowed his brow .
tr	O	I doubt he has any emotion beating through his shallow heart .
tr	I	She has lovely dark eyes , though she is a not great beauty -- at least to anyone who first meets her .
tr	O	And he was taking note of all of this in an attempt to not think about what his brain was chewing on .
tr	O	There was a long line of kids entering the building , and it seemed to be taking forever to get inside .
tr	I	Other impressive experts would argue people make informed about choices smoking .
tr	O	Information flew in on the wind , almost through her very pores .
tr	I	She swore under her breath and stopped , sure not where she was at all .
tr	I	She would be not pitied .
tr	I	My head jerked so fast nearly I fell over .
tr	O	She hadn 't called me that in ages .
tr	I	He put the works into a larger for container me to carry out .
tr	O	In the background , a diffused fog : millions of stars and planets .
tr	I	And about what the President ?
tr	O	Easy to spot in the dark .
tr	I	I thought I as sped toward home .
tr	O	I slipped through the crowd and then the back door leading into the courtyard .
tr	O	But her chest lifted as if she 'd just taken a deep breath , and she reached out to touch his forearm .
tr	I	' What are you about talking ? '
tr	I	He pulled his out glasses .
tr	I	Last week I noticed file his is empty .
tr	O	' I 'm so sorry about Peter . '
tr	I	People don 't just change and neither their do actions .
tr	O	By the time the flames lit the room , she was on the verge of passing out from the smoke .
tr	O	I jump into the bed of the truck and settle in as we take off .
tr	I	Should community a be unable to gather a minyan , individual Jews are nonetheless obliged to offer these prayers , but in a somewhat abbreviated fashion .
tr	I	Wherever she was wherever -- she had been taken after the medical center -- she had the distinct feeling she was safe .
tr	I	I it got right .
tr	O	There , he pulled up in front of a grand high-rise building and parked at a metered spot .
tr	I	At least it would soon over be and they would probably feel better for berating me .
tr	O	Somewhere , she 'd crossed a line and there was no going back .
tr	I	Nurse Winter past walked his bed .
tr	O	Proud of his good friend Adam and in need of a stiff drink .
tr	O	She sat behind a battered wooden desk .
tr	I	Thin and any without embellishments .
tr	I	You killed two of ours for her , and you would killed have more .
tr	I	I was afraid press to too hard , but I needed more answers .
tr	O	A big crack , created by the latest tremor .
tr	I	Her face was pale , nose her reddened from crying .
tr	O	Could you do it with them ?
tr	I	Becca asks hopeful looking .
tr	I	He eased off gas the .
tr	O	Sarah 's face eased into a smile .
tr	I	He hadn 't been deposited into a tank of alligators hungry .
tr	I	It must have been a Stone elemental , one who 'd sensed the same disturbance in the balcony rubble that I at had the mansion .
tr	O	That 's an excellent way for us to get a lot of people killed .
tr	O	I hauled the 150 pound killing machine out of the master bedroom and into the living quarters .
tr	O	Sharon shot him a questioning look before stepping inside .
tr	O	I interrupted their tense discussion .
tr	O	He thought if he could find children with some signs of talent , he could boost their capabilities and improve on their ability to serve their country .
tr	I	I had a ' take no prisoners ' policy , so couldn I 't let Paul go now that his guardian angel was dead .
tr	I	Her voice echoes quiet with amusement .
tr	O	The top of her head barely reached my chin .
tr	I	As I 'm shutting the door of the house behind me I Alyssa hear in the kitchen .
tr	I	The pattern casino of gaming never changed .
tr	I	The water level past rose their thighs .
tr	I	He 'd been drinking steadily since we arrived , but somehow he managed to stagger back to the along SUV with the rest of us .
tr	I	UNKNOWN : a Just little harmless hacking .
tr	I	I put my hand over receiver the and looked at Vinnie .
tr	I	Especially if we can rouse some press too interest , ' Trudie said .
tr	I	Besides , the girl 's father isn 't kid a .
tr	O	The twins were red-faced with anger , and their clothes were dirty , as if they 'd been rolling in the dirt . '
tr	I	That way only she and Chris will know about our existence and no one else will even know we that are behind this .
tr	I	We need will even more secrets from your office .
tr	O	I have to keep on going .
tr	I	Martin nodded to and me walked out too .
tr	I	They don 't all need to stay the in State .
tr	I	Raphael , who had been watching the proceedings with bright the , curious gaze of a bird , turned to Luke .
tr	O	He pressed down on the front of his legs trying to stead himself .
tr	I	Fury ground teeth his at the sound of her orgasm .
tr	I	But that would wrong be .
tr	I	He his rubbed temples .
tr	O	Chilled by the terrible sense of separation , Karen reached out a hand and tentatively stroked his arm .
tr	O	He turned to look at her , and she realized Henry had been crying .
tr	I	Better yet , sounded it beautiful .
tr	O	My gut twists from knowing that she feels this just like I do .
tr	I	There were many so competitors following him that their gear often got tangled together .
tr	I	I 'm in an fragile extremely state these past few days .
tr	O	Jeff took the leaves and stuck them in his mouth .
tr	I	And they onwards did tread .
tr	I	Her father had lost ability the to speak , but she knew he could understand those who talked to him .
tr	I	said Princess the quickly .
tr	O	Andrea already had nearly the same number of clients that Julie did , though not surprisingly , every one of them was a man .
tr	I	Talon at looked the sky .
tr	O	But I ignored her and kept walking , out of the bushes and back up to the car .
tr	I	She moved forward and a took seat across the table from him .
tr	O	Trevor stuffed his stopwatch and walkie-talkie into a backpack .
tr	O	The wave of red covers half her screen .
tr	O	I felt him leaping - Thud .
tr	I	A quick search uncovered what just she 'd expected .
tr	I	She swallowed and nodded , away turning .
tr	O	She spent three afternoons a week picking up after professional men who were nothing less than slobs .
tr	O	She let out a low whistle .
tr	I	It wasn love 't .
tr	O	But instead of cupping and squeezing as I so ravenously craved , he teased a fingertip around my nipple .
tr	I	They were falling one over another and getting in each other 's way , making it impossible for anyone to take a clean shot .
tr	I	Marjory a was different story .
tr	I	The sisters a made helpless gesture in apology .
tr	O	She really understood that now .
tr	O	Sinking to the ground , the affected head closed its eyes helplessly and fell asleep .
tr	O	She seemed more timid than the others .
tr	I	He lowered himself onto her bed with a heavy thud , but remained in silent the face of her blunt question .
tr	I	A small burst of applause interrupted her private lecture Harrington and took that moment to slip into the chair next to her .
tr	I	Verity smiled with feeling a of sudden triumph .
tr	O	Even as he spit out the last word , Chris 's eyes widened , but it was too late .
tr	I	He took step a back .
tr	O	He was standing on my porch looking delicious in faded jeans and a black sweater .
tr	I	I back blinked my tears .
tr	O	I hear the door being unlocked , and there is only a deathly silence on the other side .
tr	I	I might get there earlier if can I .
tr	I	Derek 's grandmother is wielding her umbrella like sword a in front of the doorman 's face .
tr	I	Jordan pulled it away from his wrist instantly , not desiring chop to off his fingers and palm .
tr	O	Your station will have to pay the twenty dollars per jar for anyone still insistent beyond the fifty .
tr	O	In fact , they hardly spoke at all out on the range .
tr	I	He studied me , the way had he the first day we 'd met , before I 'd known what he could do .
tr	I	Locked with away her mirror !
tr	O	The bar and the tiny shell tables were all themed to the clubs name .
tr	I	He needed his brother , something he wouldn 't have been able admit to prior to his return to the Middle East .
tr	O	Perhaps the only relief was supplied by the abundance of oak trees along the way that provided welcome shade from the late summer sun .
tr	I	He gave his vision to all Englishmen , and you shall it learn all before nightfall .
tr	I	Jacqueline nodded as silent tears of burned joy her face .
tr	I	She arched eyebrow an .
tr	I	I didn 't need an idiot protecting me , but on the other hand , he had been Special in Forces .
tr	I	It was all a waiting game now as the attorneys filed the paperwork and the lawsuit its worked way through the court system .
tr	I	I another tossed ball .
tr	I	Have you steered a boat motor before ?
tr	O	I tensed my body down and looked in every direction in sheer anticipation .
tr	I	I figured Mrs. Jackson would get a kick of out it , too .
tr	I	Just then he saw something out the of corner of his eye .
tr	I	With clenched teeth glowering and eyes , it was obvious Philip was giving Jerry a message .
tr	I	Bella suddenly recalled that she had intended talk to to the ' commandant ' about the initial swap , but she 'd forgotten .
tr	O	From what I could see , everybody here worked as a Hunter .
tr	I	It so was hot .
tr	O	His eyes shifted warily , and Tavi saw real fear in them .
tr	I	Genny 's eyes with bulged surprise before giving way to a satisfying smile of revelation .
tr	O	I had taken them for brown as I approached the desk , but now they looked black .
tr	I	Come give a me kiss .
tr	O	She did not have long to study the room before both men stood in unison , and proceeded to make their way over to her .
tr	O	He lay beside me as I nuzzled against him , unable to find my voice .
tr	I	Ron doesn say 't anything .
tr	I	With you by my side , and the with band backing us , we could take over .
tr	I	One date and a little flirting Eli from will send Cooper into a tailspin .
tr	I	I still 't don !
tr	I	Her face was grim colourless and .
tr	O	When she returned , Max was waiting by the front door .
tr	O	Brian sat with his father as the images moved across the screen .
tr	I	There was also a bulky gold wristwatch on well-used a brown crocodile strap .
tr	I	When I first met her , I thought she was of one the rudest girls I 'd ever seen .
tr	O	* * * After ages of loitering outside the office Stu wondered where the girls might be .
tr	I	For a second didn I 't want to answer him , but it was a crime not to heed a royal summons .
tr	I	I was disappointed , as I 'd been to hoping have another attempt at conversation with Dave .
tr	O	He grazed the pads of his thumbs over them , and the sensation resonated at her core .
tr	I	Tim handed the phone back as the swung door open .
tr	I	His body heat soaked through the fabric of her robe an instant before his brushed breath her ear .
tr	O	She 'd never gotten the chance back at home .
tr	O	Fear of ghosts , or fear of getting their perfect faces and clothes dirty .
tr	I	She turned to the band as she finished recital her .
tr	I	The male creatures stood in of front their women , weapons drawn .
tr	O	Asher glared at me but didn 't say anything .
tr	I	They are losing family day every .
tr	I	The group had formed in middle school by default , the six least popular kids , and had close remained through their senior year .
tr	O	This was the man she 'd told herself was hiding beneath his supposed indifference .
tr	I	She looked directly at him , calm before as .
tr	I	I removed the and note carefully unfolded it , noticing Bennett 's initial at the bottom before scanning back up to read it .
tr	O	Or perhaps he did go to his superior and the captain dismissed him and his findings .
tr	I	But there were no other sights or sounds to her distract .
tr	O	She 'd be crazy to risk her marriage by searching for a high school fling .
tr	O	Talk about double standards , Darcy thought .
tr	I	She acted on a hunch , but felt as though she was the on right track .
tr	O	They were walking again .
tr	O	I only want one , and my horseshoe seems to be misfiring at the moment because she 's hung up on the wrong person .
tr	I	I am officially telling you and your to party leave .
tr	I	Hiro looked away , but then and sighed shook his head .
tr	O	He would slaughter everyone in sight until the next morning , when the urge would lose its hold over him .
tr	I	Glass was eighteen and in his freshman year UA at Montrose .
tr	O	I will stare at the sky , looking for the moon and hoping that one day I will be more settled .
tr	O	Logan stopped in front on the fourth door and pulled a key from under his shirt .
tr	O	Not that Mark could have deciphered it ; the screamed warning was so high pitched , a dog would have had trouble hearing it .
tr	O	Having them die together wasn 't the route he preferred so he thought quickly as to how he could keep her talking .
tr	O	I don 't know what I came for , but I don 't want to do this anymore .
tr	I	Rose the folded note and sealed it an envelope with George Hendrick 's address .
tr	I	Metis paused , us letting all try to wrap our minds around that odd statement .
tr	I	I hope you don 't mind I if don 't stand .
tr	I	I told him the about fights I had with Maria and all of the things that Elaine and I discussed .
tr	O	He went back into the kitchen to finish frying some chicken .
tr	I	Fate is a funny thing all after .
tr	O	Vince scrubbed his head .
tr	I	Michael shook head his wordlessly .
tr	I	On the horizon , you could see the residence of the German chancellor the and many lights of the big city .
tr	I	He placed his hand and his on head my stomach and just kept it there .
tr	O	Can I see you tonight ?
tr	O	This earned a final rousing cheer from the assemblage .
tr	I	He had taken no than more five steps when he hit something sharp .
tr	I	But I different had plans .
tr	O	The houses were cute little log cabins .
tr	I	The hostess seemed to understand that needed she a moment .
tr	O	He 's disconnected from the world - more of a hermit now than I am .
tr	O	A thousand emotions played behind his eyes .
tr	O	And when they find such creatures , they can be ruthless .
tr	O	He set his feet down and put the book on the table .
tr	O	But talking about your pain and sharing it with others is one of the most powerful ways to cope .
tr	I	There was so much joy there ... and I 'd found that again joy .
tr	I	He wiped his bleeding on knuckles his pants and returned the equipment .
tr	O	Back after you and Nick had been gathering supplies you asked us to get your cat .
tr	I	The ice rattled in glass his .
tr	I	Liana straightened and came to on stand my other side .
tr	O	But there 's something I 'd like to do for you .
tr	O	Pain lashed me , but I was too busy .
tr	I	I 't don just want to hear them .
tr	I	One ankle one and wrist .
tr	O	If possible , Nicole 's smile grew wider at the label .
tr	I	His knife strapped was to his leg .
tr	I	I won 't say forever , because none of us forever have .
tr	O	When they broke off the kiss , Rich was delighted to see that Jamie was trembling .
tr	O	CHAPTER 5 ADRIAN SYDNEY SPENT A LOT OF TIME ON MY BED THESE DAYS .
tr	O	Izzy looked at Doc and he gave her the wink , and so he and Granny were next in line for the hugs .
tr	O	Instead she 'd tackle the house , packing what she could , and making some of the decisions that had to be made .
tr	I	Archer upstairs moved , staying close to the wall , watching the doors .
tr	O	Only those with a great need could be heard by us so clearly and so I moved myself from my environment .
tr	O	Decide which way your sympathies incline : pursue your ' quest , ' or cast your lot with mine .
tr	O	It was amazing to watch , really .
tr	I	Sara 's quick footsteps sounded behind him , but he couldn 't let himself think her about fear right now .
tr	O	' It doesn 't work like that Brandon ; there 's got to be one of them you like the most .
tr	I	Gourmet Girl is cut the following week and the week after until I threaten to the call editor and ask her : Don 't you know ?
tr	O	We will only be inviting further trouble here .
tr	I	I leaned and forward reclaimed him with my mouth and he returned to my warmth .
tr	O	I can 't even tell you all of them -- partly because I don 't remember and partly because , I think , there are legal complications .
tr	O	The Governor could always summon Donald if he needed him .
tr	I	Vince retrieved a of piece paper and a pen from the built-in desk between the living room and the kitchen .
tr	O	How will I find food ?
tr	I	The pickers , riding high , found Hill waiting the at end of a row of boxes .
tr	I	I 'm not entirely sure what he expects me to do , I so stop several feet in front of him and bow my head once .
tr	I	Yet he dressed and spoke and carried himself as he if were an unassuming and inconspicuous ... well , dweeb .
tr	I	Michael jerked forward , and arms burst from the long , black sleeves of cloaks behind him as hands held at him bay .
tr	O	They were all friends with Adrian .
tr	O	His eyes follow his hand as it slowly moves down my jaw , then my neck , stopping at my shoulder .
tr	I	His superior strength had been evident he when 'd braced himself above me , biceps hard under my hands .
tr	I	So it was possible for a primate tradition of and language behavior to be carried on for generations .
tr	I	I said , hurt that he wasn understanding 't how important this was to me .
tr	O	She looked good - warm , lush and inviting .
tr	O	It was where fetches came from , and a forceful enough banishing was usually enough to deter them from returning .
tr	I	Desperately he wondered : was there any way putting of this man off his stride ?
tr	I	You only think know you who that was .
tr	I	But that apparently wasn good 't enough for the Ice Princess .
tr	O	This tutoring would require for us to both be nak * d and my tongue all over her body , but I kept that to myself .
tr	I	He set the on glass the table .
tr	I	We looked around for to something sit on .
tr	I	She was given one of tin water a day .
tr	I	I 'm sure that name conjures up all manner degeneracy of , including the death of Marion Parker .
tr	I	The truth is , I have been myself selling cheap for some time now .
tr	I	Has he forgotten he what did to me ?
tr	I	His hands large were .
tr	I	He nodded nobly to Eleanor , and Ariella squeezed 's hand , then turned and disappeared out the door .
tr	I	I report will him the first chance I get .
tr	O	Paul finished her back and started on her legs .
tr	I	Jackson could tell she a was little confused .
tr	O	And it was odd to think that it was essentially true -- it had effectively been twenty years since we 'd seen each other .
tr	O	This was the plague .
tr	O	The distorted , dying faces of the officers flashed before his eyes , and he felt his knees wobble , his stomach churn .
tr	I	Ergo , I have to assume you haven 't made up your mind about Quarrel Jonas .
tr	O	And all I need for that is Cami .
tr	I	Before reaching the end of the hall , however , she stopped short , if as she had seen something strange on the floor .
tr	I	Or maybe since he so was smart , he 'd done some kind of experiment himself that had made him extra strong and given him super hearing .
tr	O	After his father died five years ago , he left the Navy to take over his security company at the age of twenty-four .
tr	I	Suddenly , here coming to get her doesn 't seem as terrifying as before .
tr	O	We are cursed with the need for one mate , a sharing of souls .
tr	I	She wouldn 't allow Linsey to get the of best her .
tr	O	I was so excited to get this job .
tr	O	So picking up their dropped packs , they set off down the road , free once more .
tr	I	She might embarrassed have herself by nearly sleeping with the enemy but , if memory served , the attraction had been very mutual .
tr	I	I 've been thinking of playing an extract the at end of the eulogy .
tr	O	Her only other family was her worthless son , Peter , who never visited .
tr	O	Kelly felt the rising heat from Ryan 's body like the steam in a sauna .
tr	I	-- aberration This must have connected to her other faculties in the form of her being , I reasoned to myself .
tr	I	But you need to turn around and out check the rest of her .
tr	O	A jolt seized Janelle 's body as a strange calm swept over her .
tr	I	Nicko back hung , wondering where Maxie had got to .
tr	I	The horse would faster breathe while galloping , of course ; whereas the lungs your inside human chest would breathe more shallowly , as if at rest .
tr	I	She rolled into the kitchen , to surprised realize how small it was from chair level .
tr	O	No time to worry about it .
tr	O	It 's all I can do to keep up a pretense of normalcy .
tr	I	I came to find story my .
tr	O	Earl was silent for a moment .
tr	O	Twenty The following morning , Savannah was standing on the porch , and she waved as I pulled in the drive .
tr	O	Anger surged through him that she could actually ask that question .
tr	O	Wes was on top of him , beating the crap out of his face .
tr	I	She was saddened see to this .
tr	O	Elder Thine and the other Elders retired to their compound , and the crowd just watched them leave .
tr	I	What if he 'd gone with diving Mandy ... and the boat had drifted too fast for him to make it back .
tr	I	The note attached claims her name is Katie , she is nine and was last seen with her childminder in the local park play .
tr	I	It 's now over .
tr	I	I 'll even have your engraved name in gold .
tr	I	Then he dropped bombshell another on her .
tr	O	' A slave to his master . '
tr	I	Layton said he as shook my hand .
tr	I	Autumn moved forward to step but inside her sister stayed standing , blocking the doorway .
tr	O	They knew they were addressing a future partner in the firm .
tr	O	It would also give their doctors and medical personnel a chance to study their species in the event of further medical emergencies .
tr	I	My family made their from money mining .
tr	I	The expression was strained and thin , but noticeable still .
tr	I	The boats lowered were from the ship and Jason with the others came ashore .
tr	I	It was the private Southern United viewing and area had enough room for ten people .
tr	I	The world seemed to slow , Cassie 's eyes narrowed she as studied it .
tr	O	Lina kissed Will through her tears and then she met Jaime 's mouth .
tr	O	Then a sharp tearing pain brought his attention back to the wolf whose teeth were still firmly clamped into his leg .
tr	I	Karen and Eliza both she suggested move on .
tr	O	Dee looked through the steel grating that formed the walkway and saw the phone lighting up with each ring .
tr	I	He was of sick it .
tr	O	It was not a casual kiss and she stayed transfixed long after he left .
tr	O	Eric 's hands were shaking as he reached for the glass and brought it back to his colorless lips .
tr	O	Dinah rose to go to George , shuddering on the settee , when the lullaby floated softly through the room .
tr	I	His continued fingers running through my hair , soothing me .
tr	O	And our classrooms for this period were at opposite ends of the school campus as well , so I couldn 't even count on a chance encounter .
tr	O	With an effort of will that was almost painful , Royce dragged his hand away and lifted his lips from her cheek .
tr	O	Gwen suddenly got up and ran towards the creature that extended his arm releasing a sharp blade that sunk into Gwen .
tr	I	That what 's happens every time .
tr	O	They hadn 't used a condom .
tr	I	Everyone bowed to the new king , but refused you .
tr	I	I was hungrier than I thought , and I clear plate my .
tr	I	I was far from falling asleep so I lay simply there , listening to the soft crackles of the fire in the silence of the cabin .
tr	O	At that age , Butch 's fetish had already taken strong root .
tr	O	Will hated to think what she was insinuating , and worse that he had to feel it , the tearing inside him .
tr	O	He barely opens his eyes , gives me a slight smile and buries his face in the pil ow again .
tr	I	For the first time since I arrived in town , it actually as feels though I belong - like I 'm really part of the group .
tr	I	And that was why I 'd deleted the messages text .
tr	I	It appears that our sudden arrival on this plane changed has reality .
tr	I	So had much happened in such a short time .
tr	I	Romero breathed into heavily the phone .
tr	O	That structure wasn 't quite as tall , but it had a nice perch on the roof .
tr	O	This was all her fault .
tr	I	She could just about make out feet dashing to and fro ; voices calling out indistinct of cries alarm and instruction .
tr	I	Haddington sat nodding no-one to in particular .
tr	O	If you can 't reach me , call my secretary at the number below that .
tr	O	There just didn 't seem to be anywhere else to go .
tr	O	He took another quick look around him .
tr	O	Maybe true mercy lay not in withholding the axe , but in allowing the axe to fall .
tr	I	Intuitively he guessed this that was Wellington 's new security centre .
tr	O	Reform and Conservative Judaism Most Reform and Conservative Jews in Israel have immigrated from the Western democracies , particularly from the United States .
tr	O	He had always controlled the relationships he had with women , letting them get only as intimate as he wanted , ending things when he wanted .
tr	I	Her was head telling her one thing as she stored the papers inside her briefcase , and her heart was saying something entirely contradictory .
tr	O	He was flying out by way of Los Angeles , two hours west , just to make sure we weren 't linked together .
tr	O	Sees the black blood pour from his veins .
tr	I	The scent dirt of and rotting leaves assaulted me .
tr	I	Ethan puts a under finger my chin , tilts my face up until I 'm once again looking him in the eyes .
tr	O	It was that paradoxical gift that made the thing so brutally perfect at what it did .
tr	O	And I 'm sorry .
tr	O	They 'd never seen an epileptic seizure before .
tr	I	Claire exhaled grabbed and the desk for support .
tr	O	Tucker would never make it out and around to the other canyon , and even if he did , he 'd likely just be run over .
tr	O	I looked at him and rolled my eyes in response to his smirk .
tr	I	I didn 't want to get involved in this , not on my day lovely when everything was perfect .
tr	O	When I open them , there are only two couches again .
tr	I	Sometimes Michael was a good guy and other times , so not much .
tr	O	The medallion was burning on my chest , its frantic algorithms racing across my mind .
tr	O	I keep my Will tucked in my vest .
tr	I	I to beg disagree , your honor .
tr	I	Elizabeth only remembered him vaguely from brief their introduction on her arrival .
tr	O	Sick fear boiled up in her .
tr	I	I understand this , though : you 've developed a line patented of prosthetic devices that amounts to an immense technological breakthrough .
tr	I	He kept moving , filling her with up every dragging thrust .
tr	O	His eyes and hair turned white as his free hand spun the black pattern together .
tr	O	* * * I escaped after dessert , asking Dad in front of everyone for permission to go to Abby 's .
tr	I	If she will not go of her will own , no power on earth or beyond it will move her .
tr	I	I did not know who the author of the sonnet was and in any case could analyse not an anonymous poet with a single work .
tr	I	Who he does think he is ?
tr	I	What gotten 's into him ?
tr	I	asked Gregor , not go letting .
tr	O	You 're a name on a list .
tr	O	Where his voice was cool , hers was hot and defiant .
tr	O	That theory lasted until second period .
tr	O	My mother reached us and observed the damage , but she said nothing .
tr	I	Her shawl shimmered down her arms to pool her around feet .
tr	O	Jess had a disarming smile and she turned it loose on Frank .
tr	I	I roasted them over an open fire and them wrapped in leaves to mask them .
tr	I	George handed the him check .
tr	O	Precious few seconds ticked away .
tr	O	Ethan headed for his bedroom .
tr	O	He knew I never answered my phone while driving .
tr	O	Elysia 's forceful hand tried to open her Amelia 's mouth to cram a capsule down her throat .
tr	O	So far , he looked as if he were just sitting there minding his own business , nursing a bad beer .
tr	I	Is there I anything can help you with ? '
tr	I	I had barely nodded before Rachel flashed both of us a big smile surged and off through the hall .
tr	O	She handed Joshua the book .
tr	O	We 're staying with him .
tr	I	She blinked him at , as if surprised by the question .
tr	O	They were both on scholarship and lived on the south side , so automatically people assumed it had to be one of them .
tr	O	He rose and asked them if they were ready to go into the council house , as the council was ready to hear from them .
tr	I	He really does look an like angel .
tr	I	The guard handed then him a wooden folding chair , and locked the door .
tr	O	He was just a stupid kid .
tr	O	It was some kind of library that I 'd never heard of .
tr	O	Often , before we make love , I 'll lie naked before him and let him use my body as a canvas .
tr	O	After the bus stopped , Albert stepped down through the doorway and onto the sidewalk .
tr	I	Alicia his jabbed ankle with her toe .
tr	I	It 's a shop coffee on campus .
tr	I	They not could believe their beautiful lands had come to this .
tr	O	The water from the pumper trucks had already soaked the ground and had reached the asphalt .
tr	I	And 'll I need your particulars as well .
tr	O	Knox 's voice is groggy with sleep .
tr	O	Her head spun and she felt incredibly light , like she 'd taken flight and drifted among the clouds .
tr	I	But she 's got guts great altogether .
tr	I	I took a breath deep and tried to make some order of my thoughts .
tr	O	The women winced and neither male Corwin cousin stepped in to protect his wife from Jason 's anger .
tr	O	I just had a thought but it is too soon .
tr	O	That 's what I did .
tr	O	Yet I surmounted it with ease .
tr	I	He jumped out and raced back to the accident with his extinguisher fire in hand .
tr	O	Ken grabbed a beer and headed for the shower .
tr	I	But it was a battle couldn I 't fight .
tr	I	I didn 't he know gave her drugs .
tr	I	Her inner walls tightened that with light touch , needing more stimulation .
tr	O	What if she had to pull up stakes and leave ?
tr	O	This came from her mother .
tr	O	I stand on tippy toes to watch them run with glee .
tr	O	I chewed my lip .
tr	O	We passed along one shaky walkway after another , past hundreds more tree houses identical to the one we had just visited .
tr	O	Eventually he lifted me into his arms , slowly eased me to the floor , waiting until my legs were steady enough to hold me .
tr	O	Her arms were holding on tightly to him .
tr	O	Mack twisted the dial that sent air hissing audibly from the lock .
tr	O	The scholar from the East bowed before Heather and asked if he could inspect the clasp she wore .
tr	O	I need to go back to ... to the body .
tr	O	She had lost it , but then again , every good psychologist knew sanity was overrated , especially in the last hours of life .
tr	I	Maybe I 'm even a having heart attack , but it doesn 't seem worth mentioning .
tr	O	And there it was .
tr	I	Her fingers around wrap my dick , and she groans .
tr	I	Julio was roused from his thoughts when he saw that the was well not more than 20 paces away .
tr	I	I knew I was going to love it , I because already loved him .
tr	I	This building was fully with modern glass walls as sharp at the corners as if somebody had carved them out of ice .
tr	O	I reared back in shock .
tr	I	Michelle felt another tear stream down her face as they turned onto Sycamore and Timmons quickly ducked down out view of from outside the car .
tr	I	I didn 't miss the subtle phrasing : when you return your to world .
tr	I	Her eyes lit up with curiosity anticipation and .
tr	O	The news switched to the weather as if the people in the previous story meant nothing .
tr	I	Why wasn he 't yelling at her ?
tr	I	The waitresses heard him turned and around .
tr	O	He sighs and then glances back at the house up at the top of the sandy slope .
tr	O	Mom and Dad were in the waiting room and she was surrounded by nurses .
tr	O	I leap over the fence easily as she scrambles to her feet .
tr	I	I back pulled out of our embrace .
tr	I	She she knew should protest at the familiarity , but didn 't bother .
tr	I	Spike looked at four the guards .
tr	O	I choked on the root beer Jules had stuck in my hand -- probably to keep me from saying anything stupid .
tr	I	She slid onto his and lap did .
tr	I	He off pushes of the wall , pivots on his heel , and pushes a string of digits into a keypad .
tr	I	Another day shopping of .
tr	I	She him followed out the door and watched him get on the horse .
tr	O	He swallows my come , licking his lips when he 's done like he wants more .
tr	I	The others gotten had a clear direction , so where was his ?
tr	I	Swallowing , her throat gritty dust with , she forced her mouth to form more words .
tr	I	She watched the ghostly branches stretch toward the sky , each reaching for its own memory from the history long it had seen .
tr	I	It was one like of those home makeover shows , only it was happening in our apartment .
tr	I	Della in particular left had neglect so she really needed to interact with people in front of her or to her right .
tr	O	Not once did he ever see her during the daylight , no matter how hard he tried .
tr	I	She felt the surge of power in the chamber heralding his arrival , and the bats immediately renewed their acrobatic aerial performance .
tr	I	It was there when we met , and it 's made what me want to kiss you that first time .
tr	I	I 'm dying know to how you met .
tr	I	It not was the best arm for quick , close-range battles .
tr	O	Or maybe her friends were right and she was working too hard .
tr	I	I was the one whose face you 't didn see .
tr	O	Eric went to stand at the edge of the woods .
tr	O	Watching him grow up was a balancing act .
tr	O	He had to prepare them for the unknown yet to come .
tr	I	I stared at the blood a for long while .
tr	I	Could she seriously speaking be in defence of the Antichrist ?
tr	O	And so am I. And Dante hasn 't emerged from the water .
tr	O	I launched forward to kill the unwanted guests .
tr	I	He needed get to rid of her .
tr	O	There was one thing I regretted about being dead .
tr	I	She won 't me kiss there .
tr	I	Horace gave mocking a laugh .
tr	I	And , strangely , relief his as well .
tr	I	Arrived in my room , more dead alive then , I slammed the door , putting myself down like a little child .
tr	O	Her hands slid down his chest and around his back .
tr	O	Explosions erupted in the sky and on the ground .
tr	I	With an election bearing down on him , the Chancellor would face opposition popular .
tr	O	Now , she is back to the decision she had hoped she would not have to make .
tr	O	He threw his napkin down .
tr	I	The reporters relentless were .
tr	O	I looked at the empty trophy case by the double doors leading to the gym .
tr	O	He also isn 't a fan of this place .
tr	O	Donovan slammed down his office phone just as a knock sounded on his door .
tr	O	She didn 't know what to say next and instead just found herself standing there and staring .
tr	I	I sighed again , continued and home .
tr	I	He was done being scared a little boy .
tr	O	Truth be told , Ashton is in no rush to find a job .
tr	I	The walls were with covered black and white photos as well as racks of books about the war .
tr	I	Linda nodded obediently and went to back her scissors .
tr	O	I moved around her , straddling her in the chair .
tr	I	I didn 't mean kiss to Jennifer .
tr	O	She handed them to Jill .
tr	I	The thought of deceiving all the people she was about to meet started weight to on her .
tr	O	Her lower lips were plump and wet .
tr	O	For certain there was Bill 's unique body odor and liquor , but there was also burning flesh .
tr	O	He wasn 't worried about this room .
tr	I	They 'd almost reached the bend in the river , Elizabeth and turned to walk off the road to the raspberry patch .
tr	O	He didn 't turn at the quiet knock on his study door .
tr	O	The lips that had just been touching mine .
tr	I	A lot of shaking occurred next to me woke and me .
tr	O	It was a joke .
tr	O	The officer frowned deeply .
tr	I	Instead , I 'd fallen asleep on his shoulder the on flight back .
tr	O	I 'll have to make the call from a phone box . '
tr	I	Maybe was it just that I 'd stopped moaning .
tr	I	I leaned as far forward as I could and down looked at the street .
tr	I	Jacqueline was right , though ; was she hungry .
tr	O	The sun had set a couple hours earlier and the city had come alive .
tr	I	With the correct philosophy , people change can anything .
tr	I	Give her what your father never gave mother your .
tr	I	He arched an eyebrow when he Roman saw 's scantily clad state .
tr	O	The list included a marriage certificate , a deed , a mortgage document and a satisfaction of mortgage document .
tr	I	A moment later , walked Shane up behind her to wrap his arms around her waist .
tr	I	Alec paused on the middle of the stairs , not around turning .
tr	O	Men and horses screamed in the most awful mix of sound .
tr	O	He put on his sling of Water , grinning at the solution , then looked at Creed .
tr	O	He walked outside again and leaned against his car 's hood , looking around .
tr	O	Then , as quickly , her entire posture changed .
tr	O	Seeing Genevieve stirred some emotion in me that was foreign .
tr	I	Hopefully she could a get good price for it at the consignment shop downtown .
tr	O	He felt that every one of them carried his companions farther away - perhaps beyond control .
tr	I	' He the was production manager in Melbourne .
tr	I	They stood forty feet high , with the on towers either side rising twenty feet beyond that .
tr	O	She 'd never seen that level of rage before , not from anyone .
tr	I	Chapter 22 The rest of the week went pretty much same the .
tr	I	A single stern gaze her from quieted him down .
tr	I	He received it gravely , and they still at looked each other in the same attitude .
tr	I	But what basically a quarrelsome creature this one was .
tr	O	He emptied the contents of the bag onto the ground and lined up the poles for the tent .
tr	I	I feel his laugh , rather hear than it .
tr	I	She looked shocked , and his nerves in set .
tr	O	They were getting closer .
tr	I	And the sun was rising and Nuala setting was .
tr	I	His palms splayed out over my back and lower dipped ... and lower ... cupping my butt and pressing me into his erection .
tr	O	More likely it 's a telemarketer trying to sell me a place in Italy because some cookie I downloaded is announcing my location .
tr	O	She was quiet for so long , Hector thought she might have fallen asleep .
tr	I	When tried Mandy it on , it looked simple and elegant .
tr	I	She him felt shiver with awareness and gently probed the spot with the tip of her tongue .
tr	I	The smell of whatever was in the plastic bags she 'd brought my made stomach growl .
tr	O	I 'm not happy !
tr	O	It would 've been better if I remembered the plan .
tr	O	Victoria had flown out of the blurred formation and smashed into a tall spruce about halfway up the tree .
tr	O	I cross to the couch and pick up my jacket , checking my pocket to make sure I 've still got my keys .
tr	O	He crossed to them and found her unconscious .
tr	O	The kids simply tried to put more caution in their actions so they wouldn 't get caught .
tr	O	Eyes met in the moonlight and locked in a gaze that , though wordless , exchanged a thousand pages of unwavering devotion .
tr	O	He leaned over me , forcing me to my back and slid his hand down my neck , my chest , my waist .
tr	O	I can feel how you yearn to gain enough mastery to destroy me .
tr	I	The diamond dangled ring from the necklace .
tr	O	I feel I can 't be forced to wait till my next birthday to see you again .
tr	O	It only made him love her more .
tr	I	If you or I sides took , we could destroy everything .
tr	O	He was a complete man and of confidence , a rebirth , and it was ten days with a woman who did all that .
tr	I	Actually , it now 's Tuesday afternoon .
tr	I	Once she located the second suitable stick , Otto offered one of his shoelaces so she could lash the two together sticks .
tr	O	She guided his hands to her breasts and began helping him out of his clothes .
tr	O	They were crying asking a bunch of questions .
tr	I	I could not bear the thought giving of way to him .
tr	I	Bogey and Sinatra respected and about cared each other .
tr	I	She didn 't have much to offer in way the of visuals , either .
tr	I	He didn 't her want ?
tr	I	Dawn came with gentle tendrils of light , and Sarah was struck with the quiet beauty the of woods .
tr	O	There are towers all over the place .
tr	O	Still not sure what to do , Danni ran her hand over his boner , which was obstructed by the thin cloth of his boxer shorts .
tr	O	It 's probably a bit antiquated , even for this period , but it 'll attract little attention if it 's found .
tr	O	In addition , as she wanted to step forward , the world started to rotate .
tr	I	My eyes between dart the two of them .
tr	O	I rolled my eyes .
tr	O	Six months pregnant , Andy was starting to waddle but she still insisted on pulling her weight .
tr	O	To the Nomads , it meant their victory would soon be at hand , the shaking was a sign from the Gods to The Chosen of Gorn .
tr	O	Perhaps it hadn 't meant as much to her , which only made him angrier .
tr	I	Before releasing him , he Ice fixed with a serious gaze .
tr	I	Perhaps was it best , in the current climate , to consider retiring to somewhere simpler .
tr	I	They kept her jostling and sniggering like overgrown school kids , and their muscular form meant that their pushes were not gentle .
tr	O	He guided me over to the bed , slipped my robe off and seated me on the edge of the mattress .
tr	O	Couldn 't this have been sort of like that ?
tr	O	She raised her glass higher .
tr	O	He chuckled slightly as I gasped , and I was glad he couldn 't see my red face .
tr	I	When he stood , the final inches between them shrank millimeters to .
tr	I	Paris took the without beating retaliating .
tr	I	The Johnson had 's a beautiful spacious Spanish style house overlooking the ninth green .
tr	I	Morning just had started and he was already trying to get rid of me .
tr	O	' ... which will be streamed online ... ' Deb glanced at Mitch , but he was too forlorn to explain anything .
tr	O	Not from a father or a mother .
tr	O	The business that feeds not only my son and me , but six other women 's families ?
tr	I	And if they were to find something that would lead closer them to finding their parents , then all the better .
tr	O	She took the knife without hesitation and pierced her thumb .
tr	I	I hoped it 't wasn pouring into the bank account of Felipe de Castro .
tr	I	I leaned my head back against the river spindly grass and closed my eyes .
tr	O	My mother died when I was ten .
tr	O	I wanted the guilt to eat them alive until they couldn 't stand to even look at each other .
tr	I	For Carly , Mike felt ... something stronger he than could put into words .
tr	O	Although technically a vegetarian , Alena was nonetheless very skilled in concocting meals which Dennis found quite appetizing .
tr	I	I got through econ and changed out my books meeting before the girls at the student center .
tr	O	Ali paused , looking at the toothbrush .
tr	O	Not so well in the future , Jack vowed .
tr	O	Without choice , I followed Ken and entered the front door , with Scar trailing behind me us .
tr	O	His Common Tongue was thickly accented , and he took his time constructing his words .
tr	O	I play ambiguous sports , I watch incoherent movies , I talk and laugh with anonymous blurs .
tr	I	It was minutes several before either of us got a chance to say anything else .
tr	O	The barricade was scattered as if by a thunderbolt .
tr	O	He opened it , seeing the frozen , kindly , bearded face of Marcus Coleman wearing a stoic expression .
tr	I	Pulling my hand away I straightened the cushions my behind back .
tr	O	do you remember another boy , Padre , a boy from the same time , named Anthony ?
tr	I	The amber flashing light pulsed through out the small window .
tr	I	She glared at me , her jaw clenched with the of intensity her focus .
tr	O	Just as soon as I see Dante .
tr	O	Then the odor disappeared .
tr	O	He hadn 't killed anyone so directly in a long while .
tr	O	The big man said finally , with an audible swallow .
tr	O	He was still my father .
tr	O	Her friend 's voice broke a bit with emotion .
tr	I	I was really getting annoyed now sure for .
tr	O	He pulled Frank toward the open driver 's door of the truck .
tr	O	It 's like getting a manicure .
tr	I	The women stayed at the hacienda to get acquainted with new their home .
tr	I	The other thought - one that suddenly offered a of world safety - was that there had been a mistake .
tr	I	Oddly , Sexton was trouble having mustering the same emotions .
tr	O	In an effort , of course , to counter the pack 's increasingly problematic fertility issues and the declining birthrate .
tr	O	Riley raised an eyebrow at him .
tr	O	I 'm so hot for you .
tr	O	Kyle ushered her into the cavernous foyer .
tr	O	' Very hot on licences , the Guild of Musicians , ' said Nobby .
tr	O	He kept telling himself that Jeremy was as childlike and innocent as he seemed ... ? .
tr	O	I was returning them to the saleswoman when my eye caught something .
tr	I	Another is bed curtained off .
tr	I	I 've even got a fresh side beef of .
tr	I	He turned glared and at her .
tr	I	I might get burned for it later , but damn , Brodie was convincing when he wanted be to .
tr	O	The look she is giving me drives me crazy with lust .
tr	O	The journey lasted over an hour .
tr	O	I was at the moment of innocence , and all would fall together .
tr	O	She had a lot of territory to cover and savored every inch of it .
tr	O	He was extremely disappointed when it came time for Julienne to bid farewell .
tr	O	By dawn she 'd roughed out enough designs to keep her shop busy for weeks producing what would be a great beginning for her spring collection .
tr	O	Men screamed in pain as they hysterically ran around the court yard trying to put the flames out .
tr	O	It was grown wholly dark ; they were still singing .
tr	O	I open the door then see and snatch a large bottle of vinegar .
tr	I	For now , try your keeping wrist straight .
tr	I	If you run away , you never will know for sure either way .
tr	I	Travis glanced over at her , then down at the pig , brows his wrinkling together .
tr	O	Each time , I 'd been down ... sad about my lot in life , seeking reassurance that wasn 't to be found .
tr	I	This wasn 't the first time I heard had him ramble on about Harlow 's mother .
tr	I	The void was the to west , and the maze was to the east .
tr	O	He thumped the stack of pages with his meaty fist .
tr	O	Remember , these babies are a bit fragile - so please do not wash in any detergent with perfume .
tr	I	That didn 't set with well me .
tr	O	Sean held her down , her scent in his nostrils , her warm body writhing beneath his .
tr	O	' I 'll be outside . '
tr	I	It 's salty , and vast earthy .
tr	O	Buzz had honors and took out a three wood .
tr	I	The classroom had emptied , even Mrs. Peters had left , before I 'd worked up courage the to shoulder my bag .
tr	O	The pink plastic cover made him feel somewhat feminine .
tr	I	NASA security 's woes had become a tired issue in the intelligence community .
tr	O	Ian nodded and squared his shoulders .
tr	I	Ruby liquid arced through the and air came down all over the front of Lady Murchison 's silver satin bodice .
tr	O	The least I could do is try to act excited about dinner .
tr	O	How fantastic this was !
tr	O	At the top of the gravestone , a delicate angel with outstretched hands was holding a compass .
tr	I	For three months , she 'd listened to J.D. as Lassiter he talked about his family .
tr	I	She cocked her head in the direction of the and car studied it a moment .
tr	O	I look in the mirror to examine the finished product .
tr	O	Only thing I could do was buy some time by making this creature talk .
tr	O	In the late twentieth century scientists had discovered that the largest single organism in the world was not a magnificent blue whale or a towering redwood .
tr	O	The tone in his voice instantly draws my eyes up to his .
tr	O	There was reason to hope she was sincere .
tr	I	And he was a better much kisser now than he 'd been a decade earlier .
tr	I	One or way another .
tr	I	The place had the of brilliance Time Square on New Year 's eve .
tr	I	When brought he me home , my father was waiting up for us .
tr	I	She cried because could she feel the gossip rustling through the court , her barrenness a regular topic of closed-door conversations .
tr	I	Finally , after what seemed like forever , the slamming began to and slow become more rhythmic ; from there it slowly faded away .
tr	I	So I there huddled on the floor and concentrated on my own magic and the low , urgent whispers of the stone around me .
tr	O	Each of them has been tailored from birth to assume a certain role .
tr	O	When Lumpkin left , Sal called his security chief , Danny Zamir , and summarized the last twenty minutes .
tr	O	It occurred to me that the one who listens may have been doing so all the time .
tr	O	She reached a bejeweled hand out to me .
tr	O	In short order it joined the chemise on the floor along with the linen shirt he wore underneath .
tr	I	But she just stared , flicking eyes from him to me , every aspect of her body language breathing hatred .
tr	I	But when the door opened and Gwendolen entered , he felt suddenly a tremor and distrust which he had never before felt .
tr	O	It would be the last time any of them would choose to sit outside and waste the warmth of the fireplace .
tr	I	Hands so shaky they could hold barely onto my clutch .
tr	O	Sure , dinner would be nice .
tr	I	Flint asked and nodded toward wounded the one .
tr	I	He sighed ; since coming back to the Empire , he 'd been with faced more challenges than he 'd expected .
tr	I	He takes and it I pull him up .
tr	O	She 'd hoped he would agree to stand by her side .
tr	I	He 's quiet as we drive toward our apartment , the streetlights reflecting in his brown eyes and giving them the similar glow the gold stars .
tr	O	The crowd slowly dispersed , the fun gone from the night .
tr	O	He shoved his hands in his pockets to keep from grabbing and kissing her .
tr	O	The scarce information proved to be very hard to get but the picture painted of Perez was one of an underground legend .
tr	O	Vast sheets of flame erupted from the street , leaping high into the air .
tr	I	John was the in audience .
tr	O	Daily , Polonius and he drilled away at an odd assortment of lads .
tr	O	Hank flashed his red eyes .
tr	I	He wouldn 't do anything to that jeopardize .
tr	I	It 's about one woman young 's artistic and sexual awakening .
tr	I	Again , the effect is temporary , lasting only as long as the continues subject to consume the fudge .
tr	O	Her right hand swung out almost as if she intended to slap the much taller director , but Joel Park Brooks proved quick on his feet .
tr	O	His pace never slowed nor did he turn around .
tr	O	I would have about half an hour before he would again come for me to begin the tour .
tr	I	Jason rubbed back her and shoulders comfortingly .
tr	O	I felt his teeth on my earlobe and shivered .
tr	I	He wanted to explain , but doubted that it do would any good .
tr	I	His black thick coat covered his broad shoulders .
tr	O	Dr. Matthews knew exactly who I was talking about the minute he walked into that room .
tr	O	He had a realisation to share .
tr	O	5 March 16 , 1624 The past month Cisco was met with many challenges from the villagers .
tr	O	Her hood had fallen back .
tr	O	You 're especially good at that , aren 't you ?
tr	I	I sat in back the corner of the ambulance , trying to stay out of everyone 's way .
tr	I	This couldn be 't happening .
tr	O	His body pressed to mine .
tr	I	Eye on end the game .
tr	O	The sweep of dark blond hair .
tr	I	TWENTY Ezio didn 't return to brothel the immediately .
tr	O	I have a healthy dose of cat in me , which is what allows me to run faster , leap , and land so easily .
tr	O	Her eyes were now dry and she seemed recovered now .
tr	O	Thanks to his chubby body the weight didn 't crush him , but it was too heavy to lift .
tr	I	I will walk , you will all follow , and we will be at the edge of the Western Sea , where touches it the shore .
tr	O	Would anyone like to take a trip to the mushroom farm ?
tr	I	She knew firsthand , because she turned into a blabbering idiot with camera a in her face .
tr	I	Throughout his years in high school and even in college he was a standout from the rest of existing mediocrity beside him .
tr	I	My coworkers never could bring themselves to kick him out when we closed .
tr	O	I didn 't choose it ; Christina did .
tr	O	It was a lovely place , flanked by a carpet of thick green grass and tall willow trees .
tr	O	She was mostly realistic ; dealing with what she had and not what might have been .
tr	O	I need to know , even if it 's just an illusion , what it 's like to be his .
tr	I	As though he couldn 't pick off any among them , like they could kill him easily as as any rodent .
tr	O	I wondered what wild goose chase Sawyer had sent Will on just for spite .
tr	O	Throwing her hands in the air she headed to her shower .
tr	O	Sabin was polishing one of his blades .
tr	I	The bastard prickly shrugged off his daughter 's touch .
tr	I	she whispered , holding her finger her to lips .
tr	O	He used to spend every summer break with my family up at the cabin .
tr	O	He didn 't know what to do .
tr	I	Her fellow workers cast her sympathetic looks as Colette from rose her desk and followed Dempsey 's assistant into the inner sanctum .
tr	I	Today , all he wanted was to clean damned his shirt and forget the woman from earlier that morning .
tr	I	Second , I 'm going to pretend to be infatuated , though it won 't be terribly hard considering kiss you like a courtesan .
tr	O	Claire 's cheeks burned hotter and she turned to collect her rucksack ; feeling a strong urge to keep walking to the door .
tr	O	Julian was silent for a moment .
tr	O	I smoothed my hands over my skirt and took a few steps toward the chairs in front of his desk .
tr	O	And staying still was the hardest part of all .
tr	I	His eyes were the of color a rainy sky .
tr	I	Aria close follows behind .
tr	I	Charlotte was of afraid love .
tr	I	She had done nothing to them ; in fact had she considered most of them her friends .
tr	O	Undoubtedly , this wasn 't what the conference members had expected he would utter .
tr	I	After four years , when the first shots reached Earth , emotional the reaction was tremendous .
tr	O	It almost seemed balmy in comparison to last night .
tr	I	Besides , this time grandmother said should it be her last house moving .
tr	I	Donna and blushed smiled .
tr	O	Francesca stood there for a moment , hesitating to move forward .
tr	I	I was half kidding because didn I 't really mind Alissa watching the news , but she was getting slightly obsessed with trying to stay informed .
tr	I	Jules could barely register audible an scream .
tr	O	Her voice dropped seductively and I got the feeling that that really wasn 't what she was saying at all .
tr	O	' Do you know who planted this tree ? '
tr	I	Only know you the story completely .
tr	O	Her ax cleared through their skin like it was butter .
tr	O	Maybe it 'll be something that 'll get me out of marrying him .
tr	I	Devyn came around the car and moved in front of me , looking sexy as hell in his moss green kilt white and shirt .
tr	O	I was genuinely staggered .
tr	I	I finally felt normal enough open to my eyes .
tr	I	It bellowed the entire there way .
tr	O	Or maybe it was something I didn 't want to face .
tr	I	Their eyes popped open and purple light shone their from lifeless depths .
tr	O	Allow yourself to entertain whatever prospects may come your way - many of the people here aren 't fortunate enough to have that option .
tr	O	' Yeah , that 's something I 'm good at . '
tr	O	She pulled at the waistband of his shorts .
tr	I	The Sunday church services were still in held Buster 's school house which again became illegal , both the church and the school .
tr	I	Jane threw John a look of mischievous surrender and let the lead child her .
tr	I	... Damien the opens door with a smile .
tr	I	Pia sighed and then making began introductions .
tr	I	As for the title of bio her , I really should write to the publisher and point out their typo , when I have a moment .
tr	O	I stammered , dragging my gaze away from the drawer .
tr	I	I don 't care how it or happened who gets hurt !
tr	I	So why are you thinking leave to ?
tr	I	He placed a piece of bread into the man 's bowl , then watched as he walked away sat and at a table , alone .
tr	I	The president seemed accept to that .
tr	O	Cullen tugged at her hand to get her attention .
tr	I	Gone as missing in ?
tr	O	He took the bottle back .
tr	I	I him eyed suspiciously .
tr	I	He picked up the headset and placed its ' phones gingerly over his again ears .
tr	O	Well , it was harder to live .
tr	O	It might be hiding behind that piece of wood .
tr	O	Her reply was petulant , her pride bruised by his condemnation .
tr	O	She held down a feeling of panic , where was he taking her ?
tr	O	For the first time , I wonder whether he will hate me for the choice I have made on his behalf .
tr	I	It was hell on down earth there .
tr	O	She did not have time for this .
tr	O	Those of you who can , drop what you 're doing and pitch in .
tr	I	Was this what did love ?
tr	O	I turn to Janet .
tr	O	He tightened his hand on the jeweled hilt .
tr	I	Catfish , after a quick conversation with and Hoyt Ralph , called over a smallish woman who seemed swamped by her gear .
tr	O	Hailey patiently pointed out .
tr	I	And surely they God offend .
tr	O	Frustrated , I left her trembling with worry and forced myself to continue my inspection of the room .
tr	I	Didn 't any get back there in - you know .
tr	O	But that was all I could remember .
tr	I	He trained his green-eyed gaze her on .
tr	O	I 've probably created enough work for him as it is .
tr	I	Let them judge defected us .
tr	O	Chief Billy told us his men couldn 't find any witnesses .
tr	I	Diego pursed lips his , considering .
tr	O	Then I became aware Lynn Liggett was beside me .
tr	O	If not , he could be anywhere in the city .
tr	I	Haven wondered why his hadn face 't yet permanently frozen in that expression .
tr	O	His eyes darted worriedly to Devon ; hopelessness filled his gaze as a small tremor ran through him .
tr	I	I immediately contact broke and pushed his shoulders back .
tr	I	And she then saw him .
tr	O	I also felt a bit exposed now that my glasses had been removed .
tr	O	Then they got extremely quiet and we all just sat there and watched and listened .
tr	O	Even if her brother doesn ´ t approve .
tr	O	I need your input .
tr	I	Her gaze darted to window the , and the bright sunlight beyond .
tr	O	Gizmo could see nothing as far as the eye could see .
tr	I	On top of a dresser was a of picture a man .
tr	O	A bed with black sheets to hide anything that spilled .
tr	O	I curl into a ball , keeping my head between my knees and my back against the metal door .
tr	I	They most do likely .
tr	O	Joseph encouraged and Josephine uttered a random sequence of little screeches from a few of her heads .
tr	O	Ariella cried , throwing he arms around her frail grandmother .
tr	O	The only sound I could hear was my own breathing .
tr	I	I shoved my way out into the hall and took running off .
tr	O	Fusion Team ' Foxtrot ' - the two men on a motorbike who followed him at a discrete distance .
tr	I	Chloe 's lower trembled lip .
tr	O	He had led his clan to glory against all the mainlanders and northern clans who had sought to conquer them .
tr	I	This person knows that he or she is holding what is essentially a winning lottery ticket and doesn 't feel the need to come immediately forward .
tr	I	He didn know 't .
tr	O	She could have been sided with Death Drive to begin with or even planning to catch the two of us , killing two birds with one stone .
tr	O	When Amy awoke , Alex fixed them a hearty breakfast of bacon , eggs and pancakes .
tr	O	She felt his hands under her sweater and panicked for a brief moment , until the heat hit her , and then she groaned with increased desire .
tr	O	CHAPTER 1 Chained to a cavern wall , Adrien hung forward from his shackles , arms shaking .
tr	O	I refused pain medication .
tr	I	Hated knowing that her body and heart were vulnerable still to Rico even after five years .
tr	O	Someone was casting a spell .
tr	I	I was supposed to in be bed sleeping .
tr	I	Lola would feel more uncomfortable than I would wearing that at dinner the table .
tr	O	The desperation in Sean 's eyes caught at Andrea 's heart .
tr	O	He heard Caroline and Brandy scream again .
tr	O	They were protected , hard to get to and usually minimally inhabited .
tr	I	I wanted to lock my fingers his in hair .
tr	I	And that 's the when wind throws the scent of the sea at us .
tr	I	I can say 't that I don 't share their concerns .
tr	O	She wouldn 't be ready to see him yet .
tr	I	The good news : the man had she slept with wasn 't an imposter .
tr	I	I 'm losing control ... and guy this ... he 's Mackenzie 's dad .
tr	O	I stood with my palms on either side of a sink , feeling like I could rip it out of the wall .
tr	I	Beautiful is the not right word for what she is when she smiles .
tr	I	The sun will be rising before we even get to tunnel the !
tr	O	Can 't breathe , he thought , and next ... The bastards did kill me !
tr	O	Cover by Keri Knutson .
tr	I	Drake laughed softly as rose he over her , his dark eyes alight with amusement .
tr	O	No one knows where she went .
tr	I	She good was fun , and very quick .
tr	O	Jonas laughed again and flipped the knife into the air .
tr	I	However , no matter how big Luna 's enthusiasm towards the book was , she still cannot get over rolling the thunder passing over .
tr	O	Sometimes you have to watch what you say to Lilith , and more importantly , how you say it .
tr	O	' Hmph , well if I don 't I 'm sure you will . '
tr	I	Why risk it , Jesse if isn 't even there ?
tr	I	His hand the was only thing keeping me grounded .
tr	I	Anyway , we liked it because could we pretend we were exercising and doing something good for ourselves and still chat at the same time .
tr	I	It was the probably students .
tr	O	He scanned the room and saw the senator .
tr	I	That was one my of shortcomings to be sure .
tr	I	A window popped in up the middle of the screen that showed a security camera view of the only entrance to the Dome .
tr	I	She the identified body .
tr	O	Today was just not my day .
tr	I	Why she had bothered ?
tr	O	Leaning in , she pressed her lips against my forehead .
tr	O	Spending Easter with him in Sydney sounded wonderful to her .
tr	O	The theory of flight had never been explained to her .
tr	O	I had to fight back or they would 've taken me out .
tr	I	I will be there they when are .
tr	O	I ignored the last part and pul ed my hand free before the marks could touch my skin .
tr	O	He sat up , dragging her with him .
tr	O	She stormed down the hall .
tr	O	I hope the child is alright , he said to himself .
tr	I	I smiled as he spoke , looking at up the sky .
tr	I	She could only imagine the trouble he had gotten into himself .
tr	I	To end that , my tenants will repair to the coast to build their huts and to enjoy industrious work . '
tr	O	A bouncer let me in at the door , stamping my hand in red to show I was under twenty-one , and then nodded me inside .
tr	O	It seemed like a lot of loyalty for six years ' service .
tr	O	That 's why she gave David to me . '
tr	O	Alexander was thrown back in with me , beaten and bloodied .
tr	I	My agreeing to this marriage gives Alaric what he most wants in the world , and it aids Ewan in keeping wife his and child safe .
tr	I	Half of us stay to guard Peeta or keep an out eye for Snow 's broadcast , while the others hunt for something to eat .
tr	I	He looked very nearly as tired as he before had his break .
tr	I	He acknowledges it with tilt a of his head .
tr	I	She 'd done research Jackson on .
tr	O	His eyes narrowed when they connected with Sierra .
tr	O	What could hurt worse than the aching loneliness I struggled through every day ?
tr	I	The blue - book the Diplomatic List - lists the name of every representative of a foreign government and spouse .
tr	I	He went flying sideways , desperately to trying hold on to consciousness .
tr	I	I need you to be with honest me .
tr	I	I went over and hugged him , but he stiff remained and angry .
tr	O	As much as she liked Brennan , she couldn 't let her life revolve entirely around a guy again .
tr	I	He clasped hands his in front of his mouth and smiled .
tr	I	Oddly enough , she wasn 't angry , even or jealous .
tr	O	The assault began in the early gray light of dawn .
tr	I	Summer , the with alleviation of dinner planning , went out to the barn to help with the chores .
tr	O	Rock ground across her nipple .
tr	I	Serena thinks Ronan of .
tr	I	I want a Wednesday , Thursday , and with Friday you .
tr	O	There was a sudden flash of lightning that gave the face blazing eyes .
tr	I	If I didn 't admire Paula 's athletic skills , 'd I quit her .
tr	I	She wore something distinctly flowery wafting on the coastal humid air .
tr	I	Beside wide the stairs , he pulled open a door that Sophie had not noticed before .
tr	O	The anger seemed to wash out of him , his back going straighter and with more power and confidence in his stride .
tr	I	But I 'm not to going lie to you this time .
tr	O	Vampires tended to be old and wealthy .
tr	O	The memory taunted me , keeping just out of reach , a gaping hole where the image should be .
tr	O	He was obviously on his best behavior , trying hard to compensate for the previous weekend , but it did little to endear him to her .
tr	I	She 'd enjoyed their three night stay there , strolling through rows the of grapes , talking with the workers , and drinking too much wine .
tr	I	The only escape the from Tunnels is death .
tr	O	I take a deep breath .
tr	O	After crying until I couldn 't cry any more , I had climbed into bed and hoped a nap would help to ease my headache .
tr	I	It looked like it was in shape good , although it was coated with a thick layer of dust .
tr	O	He wrapped an arm around my waist and pulled me back against him .
tr	O	August closed the pamphlets .
tr	O	She looked out over the mountain .
tr	I	She pushed on the stone , and swung it open .
tr	O	He was tall , had a bright yellow baseball cap , and his eyes fluctuated from open to closed .
tr	O	The wind had picked up , and icy snow needled her face , but she was relieved to breathe air that didn 't smell like decaying Ned .
tr	I	It stood to reason that would he have , too .
tr	O	He broke into a sporadic coughing fit , then caught his breath .
tr	I	Too bad there was such no call .
tr	I	Her backside came the against car .
tr	I	He the heard shrill of sirens from outside .
tr	I	Then on Saturday 's she 'd clean the apartment spotless , only to let process the start all over again come Monday morning .
tr	I	Finally , after five six or scans , she finally picked up the readings of a plausible humanoid life-form .
tr	O	The terrified child squirmed and squealed with all her might .
tr	I	' Act with 's impunity ! '
tr	I	I nodded , eyeing others the suspiciously .
tr	O	How could this be ?
tr	O	Leo finished talking to Ruth on his cell phone , only a few miles behind her , both heading home .
tr	I	He stuck his arm out the window of his car and held the card Zach for .
tr	O	Let him speak his piece .
tr	I	Fiona , your lead pack out of here .
tr	I	I couldn 't say same the for myself .
tr	I	She loved plants , she wished could grow something , anything !
tr	O	Her body warmed , aroused at his close proximity .
tr	O	The woman purses her lips , but settles down next to the other two .
tr	O	If it was dwarfs , it would be neat all round , obviously .
tr	O	But she had to pull herself together .
tr	O	Not much preparation was really necessary for swimming .
tr	I	She shouldn 't be about thinking Owen at all .
tr	I	There 's always plenty of food since they spend their summers entire up there .
tr	O	I really was the luckiest girl in the world .
tr	I	' Sure , if you could your use magic it might help . '
tr	O	I can 't pin point it exactly , but I don 't trust his reasons for wanting to buy the company from me .
tr	I	I to have be whole for everyone .
tr	I	We had been at 's Alonso for about an hour .
tr	I	The line defense of is the doctor .
tr	I	Hunter was nothing close to the ages of his fellow Gen One warriors , or Lucan Tegan .
tr	O	It wasn 't much protection .
tr	O	I don 't owe him anything , I never did .
tr	I	He was the only son of a billionaire banker and worked at his father hedge 's fund .
tr	I	She looked the at stamp and the postmark ; it had been mailed in London . .
tr	I	Not a compliment to Meg , but the kind answer of that the human government could find useful .
tr	I	As much as wanted I to stay , I couldn 't .
tr	I	After a few moments she spoke , her again voice surprisingly deep and accented .
tr	O	I didn 't realize I was pulling the trigger until I felt the recoil of the gun in my hands .
tr	O	Josh thought he could hear the woman 's heartbeat .
tr	O	I have no place to live , and I doubt like hell I 'll be hired at any decent job .
tr	I	He looked the around small room and smiled .
tr	O	Just be careful of your fingers though .
tr	I	They can make 't me leave from the road .
tr	O	The causeway was a dangerous place during hurricane season , yet the beauty of the waves lured both tourists and locals to its marshy banks .
tr	I	Reasonable be might the key .
tr	I	He glanced both to sides .
tr	O	But a week later my brother texted me that he 'd seen Morgan up in the Hamptons .
tr	O	I flop down on his bed .
tr	I	Election Work day was pretty much a non-event today , everyone is waiting for the election results .
tr	O	Nigel went forward to the bows , checking for river traffic .
tr	O	Something told him that freeing the kids of Atlanta was best left for another day .
tr	O	Zach and Mia surged at her , drew her into a fierce hug .
tr	I	The images of his face distressed danced behind my eyelids .
tr	O	Would the truth set her free if it meant destroying her first ?
tr	O	Grace felt her face flush at the mention of her name .
tr	I	He tasted minty and fresh , and as his tongue invaded mouth her , she made a sound deep in her throat and met him eagerly .
tr	I	I concluded he that would .
tr	I	He it checked against a calendar .
tr	O	He looked as solid as bone , and like someone nobody wanted to mess with .
tr	I	If only there was a way to know what the code was before left I this room .
tr	O	He turned to Kelly .
tr	O	After she settled in the car , she dug her silenced cell phone from her clutch and swallowed hard past the knot that formed in her throat .
tr	I	Jewell wasn 't impressed by Blake 's attempt at joke a .
tr	I	When both of them took a good long slug from their bottles , he got a couple more and them put near the boxes of food .
tr	I	I love Calder , and that all means of him .
tr	I	As soon as a car arrived , he stalked inside , the and doors closed .
tr	I	Officer Blakely shifted his feet , didn but 't look away .
tr	I	It wants be to solved .
tr	I	But as she watched , approached it very quickly .
tr	O	I know that now .
tr	I	My heart warmed and beneath swelled my chest , tickling my stomach .
tr	O	Thanks to it , our hero let out a little too much air and they dropped fairly quickly .
tr	O	Since the IOF had kept me away from any knowledge remotely related to space travel , she knew that it would be a surprise for me .
tr	O	No two mounds were exactly the same ; each was individually constructed to suit the requirements and advantages of a particular site .
tr	O	James winked and her fake smile became real .
tr	I	He Timmons watched pull into the left lane and pass a slow-moving truck .
tr	I	Maybe the coach was just being extra cautious , even though I it thought was far too late for that .
tr	O	He stopped dead in his tracks , his mouth opening wide .
tr	O	It means treachery , betrayal .
tr	O	Rick placed an arm around her shoulder and started walking her toward the front door .
tr	O	He snapped his mouth closed , shook his head once and peered at me again .
tr	I	The kids loved back her too .
tr	I	Most rooms are dark , and it 's so quiet I can hear the creaking of footsteps above , the rustle fabric of several rooms away .
tr	I	Smart , ruthless but .
tr	I	Chapter Eight That afternoon we remained in the living room with the warm of glow the fire .
tr	I	It wasn 't until he called their local bank and asked for the senior vice president that she began to accept that might he not be kidding .
tr	O	Jeff 's voice came out like a bullet .
tr	O	He wore fingerless gloves of gray yarn .
tr	O	They finally decided to simply use the wagon and prepare to move their camp if those from the East followed their trail .
tr	O	Killing was not something he enjoyed doing .
tr	O	One Word Who Listens Primo , This letter is going to sound a bit strange .
tr	I	I 'd gotten the SAT registration forms from the guidance counselor a few months back when I 'd planned to up sign .
tr	O	Belle was standing at the refrigerator , holding up a plastic container to the light .
tr	I	Take her the to city again ?
tr	I	He could feel the heat coming from it and he forgot everything the but flame that now engulfed the palm of his hand .
tr	I	That is info trying to look me up right now .
tr	O	He was also very romantic ; he surprised Kate constantly with unexpected dates and heart-warming antics .
tr	O	Dried blood had clotted in the stubble under his nose .
tr	I	Radcliffe had given it to her at the inn they had stayed after in leaving Gretna Green .
tr	I	My skin was at chill the same time it was burning , it was tight and it hurt like hell .
tr	O	I 've only heard rumours about the two people occupying the attic .
tr	O	But some of them are love matches .
tr	I	She into heads the office , says something to Sydney , and then talks to one of the secretaries .
tr	O	By now the tow trucks had lumbered away with their loads of broken car .
tr	I	One fanciful thought turned into another and she tried to imagine what it would like be if her mind ended up in her mother 's body .
tr	O	I put the car in park .
tr	O	He dared let himself believe that freedom might be attainable for the first time in centuries .
tr	O	What complications was she adding now ?
tr	I	But his exclamation seemed to work , and they quickly skirted off down the hall resumed and their stroll .
tr	I	I wanted him know to what I truly meant .
tr	O	They were both quiet .
tr	O	With a desperate groan , he pulled away , putting a few inches between us .
tr	O	Her toes curled as his kiss sent waves of heat and desire crashing through her body .
tr	I	He divulged that why he read horror novels was to remind him his that life wasn 't too horrible , that there could always be worse .
tr	I	He his extends hand for me but I wrench back and dodge out of his reach .
tr	I	Dr. Stone his cleared throat and pointed to the back of his head .
tr	I	Byron heard his wife , Lila calling name his .
tr	I	On a chair by the door was there a silk , padded dressing gown .
tr	O	You even come out of the faucet when I turn it on .
tr	O	The last time I had physical contact with a blood relative .
tr	O	Jeremy carries Ava up the stairs then sets her down and they walk towards the bathroom but Ava tugs on Jeremy 's hand .
tr	I	Meghan sniffed , then composed herself more once .
tr	O	When I woke up , two things immediate became apparent .
tr	O	Miranda 's eyes grew round as if she just remembered something .
tr	I	When it shattered , the sound did nothing to sooth jagged his wound of a heart .
tr	I	I love about everything you .
tr	O	In fact , she never said a word .
tr	O	A guy just talks to me or is nice to me , and I just cling to them like glue .
tr	I	They had finished very late last night , and James Dale , talking about investments .
tr	I	The anxiety transformed into alarm and now the various people in the room looked though as they were mere moments away from panic .
tr	I	I 'd send to one Kim later .
tr	O	Pressing the heel of his hand against his jeans , he tried to loosen the fabric that bit into his erection .
tr	O	Which he wouldn 't .
tr	I	To his credit , Tom was momentarily only flustered .
tr	O	His task had been simplified by the easy trust she 'd granted him .
tr	O	I was in the clear on that one .
tr	O	He would hold tight , squeeze just long enough to knock him out - Oliver stabbed back with a knife from nowhere .
tr	I	Almost if as ... no , it couldn 't be ... but it was !
tr	I	From the darkness behind me I hear the of sound much writhing .
tr	I	Shedding the muddle of sheets blanket and , I lurch out of bed and look outside .
tr	O	This weather doesn 't help .
tr	O	Simon raised his head .
tr	O	There were around eight boats tied to the dock .
tr	O	I got dizzy , stumbling , holding on to the railing and Alexander for support .
tr	I	Her word acquisition rate fell from 2.7 words a week to 0.8 words week a , her spontaneous word formation rate from 1.9 to 0.3 .
tr	I	The had woman died in the accident .
tr	I	He told her to leave the luggage at the bottom and a maid would bring it up when could she .
tr	O	He was too tense to sit , he just kept checking the windows for signs of trouble .
tr	I	It always has been that way .
tr	O	She bent down and listened for breathing .
tr	O	I knew instantly that he had done or was planning to do something outrageous .
tr	I	His fingers brushed against the wound on neck her .
tr	O	How does he get into his chair ?
tr	I	I 't can be sure .
tr	I	They had just finished playing round a of golf , and both were relieved to know they now had a new client .
tr	O	Lillian felt months of bottled up hatred for the vigilante spill into her heart .
tr	I	Hunter and nodded followed me as we walked along the crest of the hill until we found the perfect spot .
tr	O	He pronounced the room clean with a little yap and jumped into the armchair by the window .
tr	I	He held her look for a moment before opening menu his again .
tr	O	I reached for his knee and held on tightly .
tr	I	There was no judgment in eyes his .
tr	O	Well , that was eventful .
tr	I	Zacharias up got and walked away hastily .
tr	O	I don 't know if they will believe it , but it 's the best I can concoct in such a short time .
tr	O	There was no sound , no movement that he could see within the interior , but something was wrong .
tr	I	He stroked the locks of my hair and skimmed his lips further down my to collar .
tr	O	Fur was not needed ; a simple linen would have done .
tr	I	He his raised hands in the air and nodded .
tr	I	The way feel I about you doesn 't depend on the psychic connection .
tr	I	Someone who was used to seeing work dirty through to the end .
tr	I	A huge bite jagged .
tr	I	I meant to call James , my mind was on him even I as got half undressed and fell facedown on top of my covers .
tr	I	he said loudly , then drew a breath calming .
tr	I	He slings me his over shoulder and muscles through the crowd .
tr	I	The other two things were : emotionally getting ready Parents for Day and getting Miranda ready for her date with Perry .
tr	I	We enter our digits each into other 's phone .
tr	I	It was Bill answered who .
tr	O	She ignored the brutal pain that sliced through her at the mere thought of spending the rest of her life without Caine .
tr	I	He had the usual getting difficulty a grip on one with his gloved fingers .
tr	I	Time to home come .
tr	O	And tried to retreat just as unseen to the elevator after receiving my key .
tr	O	She heard the pain in his voice and softened , knowing how much he loved the older man .
tr	I	She glanced again away .
tr	O	I wanted to joke with him about his stiff manner , his stunted sense of humour , his overly precious pride .
tr	I	His voice was attractive curiously .
tr	I	She decided not ask to .
tr	I	Davis had offered her of use what he called the Blue Bedroom on the White House 's second floor .
tr	O	Not that it mattered .
tr	I	I stepped over the threshold into and Dia 's huge hallway .
tr	O	I swear , he hissed when he said it .
tr	O	I pleaded with my subconscious , enjoying this too much .
tr	O	The room was empty .
tr	I	She glanced the toward table .
tr	I	Sleep , one little .
tr	O	What drives you to chase down evil at every turn , to relentlessly pursue dastardly behaviour wherever it rises ?
tr	O	His hair is thinning on the top of his head , and he looks off to the left as if the future is there .
tr	O	I felt like I was in a trance as he caressed the side of my cheek with the pad of his finger .
tr	I	At quarter a crown , she could afford places like this for most of the trip .
tr	O	She was one of Faye 's best friends and fellow ruler of Charm Harbor High .
tr	I	Perhaps I take should you home .
tr	I	Gumshoe motioned for Jack and Shotgun go to in .
tr	I	The man himself was silent , trying to cut loose an agonized shriek with muscles bound tightly too to allow any noise to escape .
tr	I	Gabe 's eyes flick the to mirror .
tr	I	I found the bathroom right at the top of stairs the .
tr	I	Those who were left the were best .
tr	I	I packing began up my few belongings .
tr	I	I 've tried using a ' push ' on him to look the other way , but he 't isn susceptible .
tr	I	Travis knew she was referring to a transfer to a nursing home ; in the halls , Travis heard had whispers that it would be coming soon .
tr	O	Arlo doesn 't even bother to acknowledge James .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure he what 'd been thinking when he 'd decided to come here .
tr	O	The pilot removed his headphones , turned around and handed Jason a jug of water .
tr	O	She holds her hands out in supplication as I reach them .
tr	I	All they did was increase the hostility we felt for other each .
tr	O	Gabriel 's body shook the same as mine .
tr	I	No , I work had to do .
tr	I	We are selling Vanguard merchandise all the over city and outside it too .
tr	I	Alec tossed his arm over the back of her headrest pushed and his shades up with the other hand .
tr	I	He wants you to happy be .
tr	I	Guests have no need to dispose of a body , since as we hosts are responsible for such necessities .
tr	I	Why did I here come ?
tr	I	My cheeks flushed , of ashamed my behaviour .
tr	I	Her heart pounded as balanced she the drink tray and the box of donuts up the wooden stairs .
tr	O	Amber points into the wilderness .
tr	O	She seems too beautiful to be real , ethereal almost .
tr	O	he answered on the first ring .
tr	I	It making 's a comeback .
tr	I	So the next time you something feel watching you in the night , ask yourself : Is it something evil , or someone wicked ?
tr	O	He shook his head .
tr	I	You can see that I 'm still wearing Mom 's cross , so I don 't from recoil religious objects , either .
tr	I	Harry Herbert and considered the build after one month , ' Have you seen the job that Fred has done on the entrance ? '
tr	O	We used to be in this together , now it was just me .
tr	O	That goes beyond following the program .
tr	I	She looked up him at and smiled as well .
tr	O	The night his self-control had broken .
tr	I	He wanted to Olivia prepare , but wasn 't going to get ahead of himself .
tr	O	After removing the wrapping paper , she discovered a leather ledger with blank pages .
tr	I	' And you don want 't to miss her . '
tr	I	He a 's fraud !
tr	I	When Vivienne took a leap giant upward and we landed on her verandah in the Residences , I looked around in awe .
tr	I	You could have shut the in door my face .
tr	I	Do for this her .
tr	I	He moved as as quickly he could .
tr	I	It 's all different so here .
tr	I	Could gambling philandering and be next ?
tr	I	Surges of yelps and swear words throughout resounded the yard as Duncan and Nick ran back into the house .
tr	O	I wanted to forget about everything that had happened after I left .
tr	O	She was placing the last stone in the jewelry when her phone rang .
tr	I	Percy Jones , my dad campaign 's manager , had probably arranged it .
tr	I	He flung pack the into the sidewalk .
tr	O	You couldn 't fault them for being impolite .
tr	O	I crouched next to it and ran through a row of supplies parallel to the conveyor .
tr	I	The guy who thought he was signing an offer letter to become the director operations of Secret Headquarters .
tr	I	I want comfort her but don I 't think either of them want me talking to her .
tr	I	We need to work together , not ourselves abandon to paranoia .
tr	I	I saw the of cloud doubt that shadowed the blue .
tr	I	She groaned in protest as she curled up more and snuggled into the bark the of tree branch .
tr	I	He 's been hit in the ; arm blood courses through his tee-shirt .
tr	I	Grace dropped the magazine on the table next to her chair and up picked another one .
tr	I	Her laughter musical was but it ended quickly .
tr	I	It was possible a for man to be too passionate .
tr	O	The Summer girl smiled faintly .
tr	O	Somehow , he knew he wouldn 't .
tr	I	And she was seeing Ryland again Miller .
tr	O	He started to smile , and Hart relaxed .
tr	O	I don 't think he ever got over it .
tr	I	They fought until she managed to shove him into a support beam that way gave .
tr	O	She deleted the words and then she clicked ALT then TAB to activate a different window -- her English module .
tr	I	Instead , she continues to walk , keeping parallel a path to the beach .
tr	I	She 'd maintained herself with all expensive the care her money could buy .
tr	I	I thought of Robin Crusoe , the mystery writer , had who left town when my romance with Arthur had heated up .
tr	O	She put a coin on the bar and flicked it across to the man , who pocketed it .
tr	I	He wouldn 't at look me .
tr	I	The gifts the fever left with you not are as unreliable as they might seem .
tr	I	Summer was surprised by how that good felt .
tr	I	I 'd the heard name before , of course , so I immediately fell on my face before him .
tr	I	All I had was just what I from got selling our furniture and other personal property .
tr	O	Well , at least my physical depth will match the depth of my misery .
tr	I	My voice angry was as I shouted at her .
tr	O	Evening turned to dusk turned to twilight .
tr	I	A gorgeous stranger who had been kinder to her anyone than else .
tr	I	- So was what it like ?
tr	I	My tried eyes to bug out of my head .
tr	I	Gabriel seemed startled to see her , but then his eyes narrowed when saw he Alejo .
tr	O	The giant noticed his shock , distress , and anger .
tr	I	Highlanders were a people conquered and should bow down .
tr	I	I get how much you want to forget it about all .
tr	I	' But you don 't think 've they seen us leave ? '
tr	O	She looked at me in fear , but as her mind processed this information , she quickly connected the dots .
tr	I	Be my for bitch a few miles and we can call you a cab .
tr	O	At the foot of the steps Boy 412 caught his breath .
tr	I	In their first meeting , Trey Colby three caught touchdown passes in the first quarter .
tr	I	They stood alone , some paces twenty off .
tr	O	I gathered Raquel 's hands in my own , kneeling as I looked into her eyes .
tr	O	I knew how to speak the truth without really telling it better than anyone I knew .
tr	O	Simon stood up to fetch his razor .
tr	I	He strode into the service area at head the of first class like a corporate raider mounting a hostile takeover .
tr	O	She glanced over her shoulder relieved to see that Dani and Melissa had disappeared around a bend with Devon .
tr	O	Why would Presley lie about the night Anita had died after telling her the truth about the private investigator ?
tr	I	Instead I crashed backward through last one wall and saw the square of light that meant we had reached the trapdoor exit .
tr	I	Her throat was dry , it was difficult to but swallow she finally managed to form words .
tr	O	She was reverently touching the pages of a book .
tr	I	I had the lighter in my hand and was getting ready to set the stupid book pregnancy on fire .
tr	I	Fires on blazed its hills .
tr	O	As close as he could gather her to him .
tr	I	Perhaps the one who put an end to my sister 's life when she tried resist to what she was ?
tr	I	How insulting , not only to the rest the of families but to Tex himself .
tr	I	He my touched cheek tenderly .
tr	O	The last one got the apartment in London .
tr	O	I won 't have children .
tr	I	What if I just wait outside her house her for ?
tr	I	I meet Rian at beginning the of that colorful bedroom corridor .
tr	O	You aren 't the one killing her .
tr	O	He like whispered it .
tr	O	I got the return message of that statement .
tr	O	That was some bad mouth the kid had although I would admit that to be a frightening experience .
tr	I	He placed his finger to lip his , directing her to remain silent as he made his way toward the door .
tr	I	The man hauled the limp native up plated over shoulders .
tr	I	He came jogging beside up her , his face pale .
tr	I	You see , the thing other you should know about me , is that before this , I hadn 't dared to really have dreams .
tr	I	Bottles against shattered the wall as they made their way around the outer edges of the fighting .
tr	I	He crossed his and legs leaned back .
tr	O	Lands on her feet .
tr	O	Gus was bent over , the fall probably reopening the bullet wound in his stomach , wheezing for breath .
tr	O	It is totally unjustified .
tr	O	How had he managed to turn the tables so fast until she felt guilty ?
tr	O	Seth says he doesn 't know me -- it 's nice to know I don 't know him , either .
tr	O	Ain 't no wildfires in the winter .
tr	I	As she worked her way through the album she realised that the and sand desert had now given way to green fields and mountains .
tr	O	But luckily that morning , he had a doctor 's appointment and had taken the morning off .
tr	O	Blackjack wraps his great arms around the tiny woman .
tr	I	It 's only in briefest the of moments but stuns me beyond belief .
tr	O	What did I know about Annette 's work with Frist and Company ?
tr	I	I kicked his and leg ran away .
tr	O	She moved toward him .
tr	I	I stopped , thinking about lavender my book and where I 'd left it .
tr	I	This getting was interesting .
tr	I	Rusty handed Ben beer a .
tr	I	It seemed to free her from immobility and she ran Sky for as if the girl was teetering at a cliff edge .
tr	O	He 'd rescued one of the Mexican assistants on the dig from a knife-wielding pair of thieves .
tr	I	Though the was unit making decent progress , the men would need a place to recharge their air supplies .
tr	O	Things had seemed to be amicable on the surface , but the lying , cheating bastard had abused Maddy 's innocence and love .
tr	I	They wouldn 't the want scout or the strange smoke to know where the base was .
tr	O	Their scanners picked up our movements .
tr	O	The click of the bedroom door shutting reached Della 's ears , but it somehow sounded different .
tr	O	After that incident I resolved to cut down on drinking wine .
tr	O	It explained her need for solitude .
tr	I	Baxter lay on curled the bed beside her .
tr	I	He smiled my favorite crooked smile , and then disappeared he into the darkness .
tr	O	Harder , faster , stronger , another boot in my gut .
tr	O	He couldn 't make himself stay away from the bloody woman .
tr	I	Wallis agreed him with that these lifts were something they should seriously look into once they could do so .
tr	I	Thon 's father shook his and head sighed .
tr	O	Colin didn 't find it amusing at the time , but looking back , it had been a pretty funny scene .
tr	I	He 's joking not .
tr	I	She again looked at Jarrod .
tr	I	It was much too truth .
tr	I	Despite the men 's reaction , she was sure it was still outside cold .
tr	O	I unwrapped the top one to make sure it was unharmed , testing it with my fingers .
tr	O	And even now , something 's telling me -- my gut , I think -- that maybe I still think he 's right .
tr	O	Gunner shrugged and walked toward the glaring men in the cell .
tr	I	Sure enough , there was Pia , hurrying toward across him the grass , a phone pressed to her ear .
tr	O	They looked at each other .
tr	I	The door opened ; hauling the suitcases me behind , I entered the cabin .
tr	O	But as the silence continued , she grew more uncomfortable .
tr	O	She 'd had to keep their conversations brief when she was in the hospital in case they overheard a doctor being paged on the intercom or something .
tr	I	She follows me wordlessly , away from the field back and into the denser part of the forest .
tr	O	he asked , pointing to the brace on her knee .
tr	I	And I see something in eyes his that I don 't wish to see .
tr	I	He watched her away walk .
tr	O	The implications that came with the former weren 't very good , and the latter would just piss her off .
tr	O	I smiled in return , my lips firmly pressed together as I imagined Sal 's oversized belly and receding hairline .
tr	O	If you 're right , the best way to show Ara is to let her learn from her own experiences .
tr	I	A soft knock at sounded the door .
tr	I	She took deep a breath .
tr	I	She gripped forearms his and dug her fingers in .
tr	O	He needed to be loved .
tr	I	Violet seemed to oblivious my questions and was stroking Cora 's hair as if she were a favorite pet .
tr	I	It 's a simple trick of concentration blinking and my eyes .
tr	O	The waves of nausea ran through me and I got sick .
tr	I	Leon knows that Daniel is angry with him and not the news of his or job his destroyed flat .
tr	I	He whined strangely my at mother .
tr	O	Joey handed the phone back to Mike .
tr	I	Each trailed light a long , red streak .
tr	O	A small drawbridge crossed a hidden river .
tr	I	Realizing his that ship is their target , Black Beard cuts the anchor , while his small crew hoists the sails .
tr	I	My mouth parts with a gasp , as but I watch , the reflection starts to change .
tr	I	In this matter , Katherine and her youngest brother in were complete accord .
tr	O	I was merely curious about what changes you 'd make to your appearance .
tr	O	Exactly what you 'd want from someone in this job .
tr	I	The long fell body , writhing .
tr	I	her mother called from floor the below .
tr	O	Actually , it was sort of creepy .
tr	O	Just make sure that work is your primary focus .
tr	O	I get a chip of my own .
tr	I	As she walked back to the operating table , she leaned down and picked up the heart and dropped it in a bucket sterile .
tr	O	Once a day is probably enough , but it 'll take longer to work .
tr	O	The room had a simple design .
tr	I	Even now , she remembered the heat , the roughness of his bearded stubble , the hardness of his on hold her .
tr	O	North Korea as was .
tr	I	Rhea grabbed onto my along hand with Sophia 's .
tr	O	I 'm quiet for a moment and then something he 'd said to me clicks into place .
tr	I	She hated calls the .
tr	O	How many more soldiers could the queen of the south bring to their doom ?
tr	I	The things they hid from me and how it ruined my with life Trick .
tr	I	Neither of them said anything else for long a time .
tr	I	Even though we 've our got faces covered with our hands .
tr	O	She held the flute close to her chest and went to inspect the disturbance .
tr	I	She threw off the covers , got dressed and went to window the .
tr	O	Her tone was totally exasperated .
tr	O	Quickly she got up from the floor and rushed straight at me .
tr	I	She 'd wondered many a night if they 'd ever find out who 'd betrayed them Utah in .
tr	O	Looking down , I am holding a small chain with a cross on it .
tr	O	Just then the whale breached right beside the ship .
tr	O	Canada is not my first choice but I do need to get out of here .
tr	O	She was contemplating spilling the beans but did not want her to think she was a freak .
tr	I	His was hair an artful mess , caressing the arches of his brows .
tr	I	Her eyes bulged so hard , I thought they might pop of out her head .
tr	I	With commentary his she 'd enjoyed the film , and he 'd enjoyed sharing it with her .
tr	O	As in anywhere else that was not here .
tr	O	You leave me little choice .
tr	I	He stirred and I my pulled hand from his cheek .
tr	O	It hopped and settled into its perch on the nearest tree to Taro 's .
tr	I	The men who drugged 'd her .
tr	I	He lay there for a moment , listening to Daisy reassuring his mum that what had occurred just was nothing and that he was fine .
tr	O	Her own need for orgasm was alive and well , like a promise .
tr	I	When was the before one that ?
tr	I	The castle drew Edward in , as if bewitching him , and under tugged it a sense of danger .
tr	O	The elevator was at the top floor .
tr	I	Even when he put the down bottle he studied her for a long time .
tr	I	What a glorious creature must she have been in the of days her prosperity , when she is thus noble and godlike in ruin !
tr	I	I 'd that say we 've encountered ' tampering ' again .
tr	I	He felt a cool breeze on his face and realised he 'd tottered out the into open air .
tr	O	Lucas turned to her with interest .
tr	I	I figured it was problem my , so I 'd pay the consequences .
tr	O	Her long golden hair was carefully styled .
tr	I	The cable sticky was .
tr	O	That 's just either side of 530 Hz .
tr	I	The dear friend was Carla looking for .
tr	I	I shrug let and him pull me into his arms .
tr	O	Once it had been a wide road paved with flagstones , though now it was choked with weeds and slender young trees .
tr	I	' Lola has given up Stark , he was one the . '
tr	I	She pulled another out pair of glittering high heeled shoes .
tr	I	A tide of dizziness swept over her , turning her upside world down .
tr	I	Relief shuddered through her until realized she .
tr	O	The Lord Ruler must have prepared these , she thought .
tr	I	Emily looked away , like didn she 't believe Ali could say such a thing .
tr	O	What 's that noise ?
tr	O	Katrina asks Charlie in disbelief .
tr	O	Mix that fire with her sheer vulnerability to him and it made for a fairly heady aphrodisiac .
tr	I	Boone started tapping screen the of his tablet again .
tr	I	My choice for a partner is one lives who his life in this way .
tr	I	He knew he 't couldn go in there showing the anger he was feeling .
tr	O	The road narrowed and the streetlights disappeared .
tr	I	But I 've taken gut a wound .
tr	I	His voice flows freely through ears my .
tr	I	He was going to up throw .
tr	O	I 'd never known my dad , and I 'd already lost my mom to a drunk driver .
tr	O	His hair had darkened over the years and was no longer a sandy blond .
tr	I	The cool air chilled our bodies while the friction our of hot sex made us burn with pleasure .
tr	I	I live the in country too . '
tr	O	I felt a slight pang in my chest that I could have possibly made him proud .
tr	I	She he knew was grinning .
tr	O	Heart drumming and cheeks singing to the radiant vibe .
tr	I	Pastor Michel is one of those but I could not tell you because which the picture is too bad .
tr	O	Some were small enough to go with the mail .
tr	I	I a trail string of kisses across her chest .
tr	I	Aly nodded against head my , her hands coming up to cover mine .
tr	O	A clerk kept precise count of those who passed through the ordeal , as the man switched out another brand from the fire .
tr	I	Amelie as chirped we wove through the edge of the crowd .
tr	O	Joanna had had several : some boyfriends in high school , casual flings in college , someone with whom she was serious about shortly after she graduated .
tr	O	She turns slightly , glancing back over her shoulder .
tr	I	Best all of , I hadn 't paid a cent for it .
tr	O	The latter being very interested indeed .
tr	I	The goal is to find out where , when , and how plans Scorpion to take over the world .
tr	I	Not the missing garrison , not the Inquisitors with axes their .
tr	O	Chewy 's mother was about to question how she knew this but realized the old woman probably saw the baby and was just connecting the dots .
tr	I	James slipped his arm her around waist .
tr	O	He cut her off before she could finish .
tr	O	I started to respond , but there was a knock on the door .
tr	O	His eyes were thin slits .
tr	I	They did know not why , but they knew their fell master was desperate to have the beast in his possession .
tr	I	Looking back in the mirror Gia her patted hair .
tr	O	Then he frisked me and took my gun away .
tr	O	Maybe it wouldn 't be such a bad thing , after all .
tr	O	Anger radiated out of him with such ferocity that it actually singed Arik .
tr	I	She still was more than a little embarrassed .
tr	O	I nodded ; my sister was right .
tr	I	A small window allowed a view into visitors the ' room and he stared through it .
tr	I	What I did see were vampires and humans one enjoying another 's company .
tr	I	Ry shouted , pacing and flinging arms his this way and that .
tr	I	And since she wouldn 't be mentally prepared to handle an advance , response her would be honest , unguarded .
tr	O	The window in the center of the steel door was laced with chicken wire .
tr	O	On the walls , framed paintings dozens of them , the best that Morton had ever seen .
tr	I	He collected it all together in a growing of ball images and sensory details .
tr	I	He unlocked the office and let in her , following her to Earl 's desk .
tr	I	' But do you think 'll they really protect us ? '
tr	I	He 'd been secretive pretty about our final evening together , but I trusted him .
tr	O	The car came to a stop .
tr	I	I the watched parking lot entrance for 10 minutes .
tr	O	Had done work for her father .
tr	O	Beneath one of his arms he held the very thing she was looking for .
tr	I	Aside from that and the family picture , the only thing we 've added is the scent of bleach in place mothballs of .
tr	I	The surface of the puddles behind her stippled with billion a raindrops .
tr	I	A shiver all danced over me .
tr	O	I 'm just to say something 's happened and ask if they can stay put .
tr	O	Maybe he was overreacting .
tr	I	Now he was investigating a murder ruthless of a well-known and beloved musician .
tr	I	He was barely aware of the tight in feeling his stomach .
tr	O	Had everyone already forgotten about the junior girl who had gotten knocked up by her thirty year old boyfriend ?
tr	O	Lesson # 8 The way to an ( ordinary ) man 's heart is through his stomach .
tr	O	The shapeshifters had gone mad .
tr	I	Was ironic situation the , just because I wanted so bad to meet Alex , and guess what I almost died .
tr	O	Ken peered at his brother over the rim of his coffee cup .
tr	O	It was a beautiful July day , not too hot for once .
tr	I	I am flattered so that you want to marry me .
tr	O	I bought a train ticket with cash and left my life as Noah Grayson behind .
tr	O	The room felt heavy to him , of people he 'd never imagined being amongst , of places too grand for his past .
tr	I	Before she was able to say another word , she heard the front door and open close .
tr	I	Coming out of his haze , Bobby could make out the truck as well ; had it now aimed itself right at them .
tr	I	The house is small but fitting for an couple older .
tr	O	She yawned and accidently hit her hand on the wall beside her .
tr	I	She 'd over tried and over to claim otherwise , but oh how she wanted him .
tr	O	No sense dying in a car crash in a hearse .
tr	I	He was so distracted by reading her name and over over in his mind that he missed most of what Rich was telling him .
tr	I	A quick glance over toward Jackson me told he was anything but okay with it .
tr	O	Somehow , knowing that helped to ease the pain he was feeling .
tr	O	The windows were all open and ice was ... everywhere .
tr	I	She could hear the other two soldiers arguing she as worked her mouth noiselessly .
tr	I	I was buildings defending and streets .
tr	O	Then I went over to the table , carrying a few books I 'd randomly pulled off of the shelf .
tr	O	He stood and enveloped me in a warm hug .
tr	O	Flush with this heat she 'd changed colors .
tr	I	He pulled back and down stared at me .
tr	I	The reserves watched in as shock the clock kept ticking and Red simply could not penetrate Yellow 's defenses .
tr	I	Three figures eastward looked .
tr	O	There was a period of several weeks when he didn 't talk to anyone .
tr	O	But he 'd have her all to himself .
tr	I	You 't don get to talk like that to me .
tr	O	It was the first thing Perry noticed when he opened his eyes .
tr	O	Before I can move , he turns and looks at me .
tr	I	Kamil and laughs puts down his cards .
tr	I	No rose one with her except Kim .
tr	O	He followed my dad to the backyard and they shut the sliding door .
tr	O	You 're to go there directly .
tr	O	Someplace I never thought I 'd find myself again .
tr	I	I didn 't open my eyes I when heard the restroom door open .
tr	I	Because every time you aren 't there to pick her up I can assure you will Cage be .
tr	I	The slow sexy grin gradually his claimed features .
tr	I	( She also got tip a that her bra strap was showing from Operative McHenry . )
tr	I	She heard her name through this fog of ; pain when the cramp ended , she looked up groggily .
tr	I	There 's a silence short before Allison speaks .
tr	I	The of corners her mouth twitched .
tr	O	Gabriel reached me in no time .
tr	O	she asked , arching an eyebrow .
tr	I	The Raven gave a sound disgusted .
tr	O	Why would they allow Jacob to come back ?
tr	O	Liam scratched his chest right over his heart , which was starting to pump hard .
tr	I	I stared at my brother , fury rising for the second time at tonight an arrogant wolf .
tr	O	That call was immediately followed by the call of a great horned owl .
tr	O	Joe shook him again attempting to keep him conscious .
tr	I	He back turned to the mason .
tr	O	Their nose was entering the tunnel and they were looking straight down into the trees .
tr	I	I at glanced the clock on the wall .
tr	I	That 's why your father and I have virtually life no outside of work .
tr	O	If you 've never slept in a forest at night , you don 't know how utterly black it can get .
tr	O	The gentle end of summer breeze kept the oak tree branches scraping at the window like bony fingers .
tr	O	As Shelby described the Gene Search project it didn 't sound so horrible .
tr	I	I looked at the and prices shook my head .
tr	O	I pulled her to where she could wrap her legs around me .
tr	O	Turning from him , I gave a short wave over my shoulder .
tr	O	I could feel him staring at me , waiting for whatever I might say .
tr	O	He definitely isn 't here .
tr	O	How could I control this ?
tr	O	Besides , I wasn 't sure if I had time .
tr	O	Zeke climbs back into the black car and turns to Josh .
tr	O	He gave a faint smile .
tr	O	You don 't even hurt her .
tr	I	When they realized everyone was sleeping , they lowered their weapons remained but on alert .
tr	O	On the wall above his bed is a large eye painted in shades of black and red .
tr	I	I have no idea what to do with these emotions raw which are coursing through my body like a poison .
tr	O	This one is for an emergency , Tanu was saying .
tr	I	Immediately there was low-slung a chaise with soft cushions in front of her .
tr	O	She bowed to her former commander then pushed the button one more time .
tr	I	Doctor performed numerous tests on for him his annual checkup .
tr	I	He had a vicious wound his in stomach .
tr	O	The similar postures were eerie considering Dad had like eighty pounds over each of my brothers .
tr	I	I went into bathroom the , and took the longest shower in my own personal history .
tr	O	The pilots used to tune in to a radio channel playing the old stuff .
tr	I	As the group hiked toward back the field , Iris pondered what the soul had told them .
tr	I	Aly and Jared burst into the house , each clambering get to in front of the other .
tr	O	The first two are the opposed PPT drives which create the PPT tunnel away and then back .
tr	I	He 't doesn care .
tr	O	she pinched my chin tightly between her thumb and forefinger , and then moved my head in a circle , inspecting it for who knew what .
tr	I	The craving was so she strong feared for any innocent passersby .
tr	I	Everything is going great Mark with .
tr	O	Then I raced after it , yanked the shower door open , grabbed the detachable shower head , and drowned the flames .
tr	O	Jackie gaped at me , but her husband 's eyes narrowed .
tr	O	When I took a crowbar to the hinges , they popped right off !
tr	I	Her throat was torn out and her removed innards .
tr	I	He looks and acts a like loose cannon .
tr	O	His coat was lying on the floor in front of him .
tr	O	Was Graham still down there , hiding with Dougal ?
tr	I	The compromise forced Kim on them , that neither of them liked , was that Andrea went to work but Sean went with her .
tr	O	She hesitated for a split second , then reached out and grasped the doorknob .
tr	I	No one disobey dared .
tr	I	Her mind was at running a million miles per minute .
tr	O	I picked this up after school today from Software City .
tr	O	It hadn 't entered his bloodstream yet , but it was sinking through his skin too fast for him to do this slowly and methodically .
tr	O	You 've taken my breath away , Ana , my beautiful girl .
tr	O	Maybe this was one of her famous nightmares .
tr	O	Having me arrested may have given him a couple extra hours .
tr	I	He drained glass his of ale .
tr	O	Bewildered , he looked to his feet at Sphinx for answers .
tr	I	The Inquisitors me tell a crowd has already begun to gather outside .
tr	I	Chapter 19 Without opening her eyes , Gretchen turned over onto her back and rearranged the beach towel to her cover torso .
tr	I	I echoed , at nodding him .
tr	I	I don 't blink , and it 't can .
tr	O	He relaxed against the blankets spread out beneath him .
tr	O	I tried to grip the sliver of wood in a pincer formed by my thumb and middle finger , but I didn 't have much success .
tr	O	A pang went through Ben 's heart .
tr	I	We certainly were as as close two people in a family can be , growing up .
tr	I	I shook head my .
tr	I	But as far as prom is night concerned , I 'm not sure you should travel with us , especially since Jasper will be there .
tr	O	We entered the dining room and my heart stopped and for a moment the world became hazy .
tr	O	He listened to the water running in the other room , knew it sprayed over her bare skin .
tr	O	I hold my hand out to Noah and when he has a firm grip , I pull him in for a fast hug .
tr	O	Jake 's body wasn 't found until the next day when one of the neighbors went over in the morning to pick him up for work .
tr	O	The speaker of the phone let out a garbled sigh .
tr	I	He held hands his apart .
tr	O	She didn 't notice if it hurt or not .
tr	I	But was he also humane , the type of child that would rescue any stray .
tr	I	There some are answers about this whole business that I think I can only get over there .
tr	O	There was nothing left of him at all .
tr	I	He came in to say to hello my parents while I finished getting ready .
tr	I	Meir started humming something after a few seconds and I turned back to at stare him .
tr	I	I tapped my temple one with finger .
tr	I	My must voice have gone up about three octaves .
tr	O	And I could barely see if she said the same to me .
tr	I	He stared at the four lumps on the ground , including his own body , wondered and if any of the others had made it .
tr	I	Plenty of room our for zombies , I thought , feeling strangely excited .
tr	O	Honestly , I haven 't thought about it a whole lot , but that might be because I 've been so focused on Violet .
tr	O	I turned to give her a sheepish smile , still perched on Chase 's lap .
tr	I	As bolts of white light streaked from the ends of the gun barrels , Trae lunged for Lena , knocking her the to ground .
tr	I	He sighs stands and up .
tr	I	She could just delete their memories afterwards but at that moment , she wanted to someone have to talk to about it first .
tr	I	He winked my in direction .
tr	I	There was a ripping sound , as tore he that too .
tr	O	I was sure I was going to witness Wraith attack Caden after all .
tr	O	Helen had rubbed the plant over every inch of her skin as if she were putting on some lotion .
tr	O	She inhaled a small breath as she forced her eyes open .
tr	I	I read lot a on them the other night .
tr	I	He responds words his strangled .
tr	I	It was walking like into the mouth of a cave .
tr	O	She was ready for him , soft , wet and hungry .
tr	O	His plan had been to murder them separately , so as to not invite suspicion .
tr	O	We dressed quickly and gathered the blankets and basket .
tr	O	I 'm so sorry you were treated that way .
tr	O	Her story was so emotional that it was easy to become upset again .
tr	O	Even Cynthia , although I assumed it was just to keep up pretenses for the police .
tr	O	Did she not just compliment the man ?
tr	I	A mixture of pitch and animal hair was slathered in between to layers keep worms from infesting the hull .
tr	O	The lethal combination that seeing Ethan Harrison had roused within him .
tr	O	The bright blue sky had given way to long violet shadows in the pale light of late evening .
tr	I	Even though and Lynn Sherman knew Justin and Joshua had mental and physical problems , they still attempted to put them in school with the other kids .
tr	I	She boredom hated almost as much as she despised how unfairly some people treated her .
tr	O	The guards opened the doors to the Dining Hall , neither one looking her way .
tr	O	Gabriel would make sure this man would never harm her , would in fact die to save her .
tr	O	His voice was breathy and low .
tr	O	He quickly put on his cleats and gloves and ran around to the front of the goal .
tr	I	Talk about determination concentration and .
tr	O	She shook her head .
tr	O	There were still the tracks of tears on the other one .
tr	I	Allie 't didn like the sound of that .
tr	O	He placed her leg back on the bed and turned on the massive cast-iron chandelier full of replica candles that supplemented the glow of the bedside lamp .
tr	O	When he screamed again the sun was well risen .
tr	I	Why not let go , as he suggested , and enjoy simply the physical expression of what they felt ?
tr	I	She paused two feet away , searching his face as if she still couldn 't he believe was real .
tr	I	So came I home .
tr	O	His voice lowered , became almost wistful .
tr	O	I hear another scream come from him .
tr	O	Farther back , these pools were linked together and then became a stream with current .
tr	I	You did it because you had to , or because you were protecting or yourself me .
tr	I	Her phone cell rang before he could respond .
tr	O	I wriggle my hands in their binds , but I can 't free them .
tr	I	They have all suffered structural clashes of because their lack of a middle class .
tr	O	She turned the radio on .
tr	I	No man had gotten ever her so hot so fast , with just a kiss .
tr	O	Such a loss could be psychologically devastating .
tr	O	Barefoot , Linda staggered avoiding collision with the coffee table .
tr	O	She was fumbling around in her bag for something and out of nowhere he pushed her up against the door and started kissing her .
tr	O	Her mother had little tolerance for these long social affairs anymore .
tr	I	They 'll have some loud in fights their teenage years , but nothing will ever stand between them .
tr	I	He didn 't want to imagine what his life would be like she after left , either .
tr	O	' Mr Trooper is probably still on duty .
tr	O	He crossed over to the operating table where Henninger laid waiting .
tr	I	He stood the for longest time watching the doors waiting for Prudence to run back to him .
tr	I	He 'd pulled and yanked until his were wrists bruised .
tr	O	He sat down and it just all flowed out .
tr	O	A great clear light formed in the sky above him .
tr	O	Now let me finish my work in peace .
tr	I	Though I actually considered that option for than longer was morally comfortable , I knew I had to go back to get my purse .
tr	I	The rushed ground up at her and she shut her eyes the moment before her head slammed into the cement .
tr	I	In the patchy light backstage , he looked even more devilishly attractive than he had on stage .
tr	I	Hoff 's pale blue narrowed eyes .
tr	I	It became labyrinthine , and impossible to comprehend one as wholesome dwelling .
tr	O	He didn 't care if it hurt .
tr	O	Alec was at the bottom talking with Evan .
tr	I	I the pass row of girls .
tr	O	Certainly an unnecessary risk .
tr	I	I remember of all the black gothic clothing I wore .
tr	O	Craig appeared like magic when we stepped outside onto the sidewalk .
tr	O	It was getting just a bit easier , she was forced to admit .
tr	I	He asked that I live life a of honor and that I throw hatred and anger away as useless .
tr	I	Julie was dazed until Morales slowed steps her before a closed door .
tr	O	And she thought her father should be tarred and feathered ?
tr	I	Standing awkwardly in the middle of the room , I can 't meet quite her eyes .
tr	I	There was a deep silence as the men two contemplated that last statement .
tr	O	The word garden was laughable .
tr	I	He reached out and took the president hand 's and shook heartily .
tr	O	The young woman was a very good wet nurse , her strong young blood , was just the thing to help his little son grow .
tr	I	An old game and both they knew their parts well .
tr	I	Our activities ranged from the typical tourist attractions , like the Statue Liberty of , to strolling through festivals and eating our way through the city .
tr	I	Finally , he finished left and the stage to her .
tr	O	The medic who stitched up Frank 's lip made such a mess of it that he was left with a permanent scar .
tr	O	I haven 't been as connected to the Matrix as I once was , he thought .
tr	I	I jogged a little until I it reached .
tr	O	Khalid 's manservant Asif had attached himself Jack , who found himself fielding questions about the world outside the desert slums .
tr	I	Mina saw a few old men sitting on there the benches , talking and laughing .
tr	I	One time last to be together .
tr	O	The woman left to enter the back office .
tr	I	He looked at her , and his then gaze went to the rearview mirror once more .
tr	I	Our purpose is to evacuate as civilians many as we can , but family comes first .
tr	O	He 'd been the first to mention large animals when we first emerged from the cave .
tr	O	Thank you , David ... You 're an anxious young fellow , aren 't you ?
tr	O	She squeezed the red throw pillow on the couch .
tr	O	Keep your pride , Claire .
tr	I	I stopped at a narrow door the beside bake shop , unlocked and opened it .
tr	I	Christos leaves the arena with Aphrodite waiting in background the having overheard everything .
tr	O	The Dead God slowly approached her .
tr	O	He heard the challenge in her words .
tr	I	He was blabbing about what we learned the in entire semester of our Contract Law class .
tr	O	Of course , how stupid it was to learn to fly !
tr	I	Looking into the sad eye a of generally upbeat animal made his heart clench .
tr	I	Everything faded but the of knowledge Dayan 's presence .
tr	I	He back looked at her , their gazes clashing together and holding .
tr	O	At the sound of Alistair 's voice , Jess turned .
tr	I	Stephanie laughed -- the kind of that laugh escapes uncomfortably when encountering an unexpected question .
tr	O	His touch broke the spell that the roses had cast on me , and I pulled myself out of my memories and stared at him .
tr	O	Each bar had a bloody handprint on it .
tr	I	The shock of cold almost brought him out of his stupor , but impact the with the sea had knocked him senseless .
tr	I	And Special Agent Zane Garrett sat up where from he lay sprawled on the asphalt , his chest soaked with blue paint .
tr	I	Dios sat in the room throne , the gold mask of the king on his knees , staring out across the sombre air .
tr	O	cried Jack , grabbing the older man 's hand .
tr	O	A simple rhythm that would split into something more demanding .
tr	O	Relieved , the old man turned and headed for the porch .
tr	I	Gabe his closed eyes and sighed .
tr	O	So keep your wits about you .
tr	O	' You 're unusually quiet tonight , dear , ' he said as he handed her a glass of wine .
tr	I	It 's or now never .
tr	I	I immediately stood up , needing to get of out there .
tr	O	Shapes came to life in the meadow .
tr	O	Talk now , and all you 'll lose is your job .
tr	O	I had to remind myself to breathe .
tr	O	she asked in a small voice .
tr	I	His woman needed more and he give would her more .
tr	O	Alex asked with a horrified look .
tr	O	Ride to my death in the name of honor ?
tr	O	Tell me now or I 'm walking away again .
tr	O	When the camp leader had knocked on the cabin door , Kylie pulled the blanket over her face and closed her eyes .
tr	I	Where was the emotion by governed these laws ?
tr	I	Focus breathing on , she told herself .
tr	O	I was still worried about him , but Jax knew better than I what was good for him .
tr	I	Jerry not did respond .
tr	O	They begin to slow down even more , maybe they want to smell us before they eat us !
tr	O	She wondered if she actually knew the real Darren after all .
tr	O	I jumped out of my car , ready to walk into the gym , when I felt someone tap me on the shoulder .
tr	I	An hour or so ago , they heard 'd an explosion in the ice shelf and moved in to check it out .
tr	O	We have all 12 of our Martian satellites taking pictures whenever his site 's in view .
tr	I	Then I remember that I 'm and cold damp and hungry .
tr	O	She bends down , her golden brown hair veiling our heads .
tr	I	Malachi made a mental note to something do about it .
tr	O	I put down the knife and went into Eric 's room .
tr	O	I 'm dying to get to know you on a more personal level .
tr	O	' What 's the problem ? '
tr	I	But , maybe was he an accomplice ?
tr	I	Death was just something that happened every day , something had he witnessed thousands upon thousands of times .
tr	I	And again once he felt annoyance with the Universe for making something both essential and unpleasant .
tr	O	Milos had always considered himself a good person at heart .
tr	O	After a final sweep of the tomb , Celaena left .
tr	O	Now , it was my turn .
tr	I	The foot of his black cloak touched carpet the .
tr	I	Debbie 's eyes dark widened .
tr	O	I grazed his cheek and squeezed my eyes painfully .
tr	O	No one moved a muscle as Colin recited the opening speech most excellently .
tr	I	They inept were in that , as well as robbery .
tr	O	The fast growing urbanization creating more troubles every day .
tr	I	I fought a groan , wondering if I drown 'd in her sweetness .
tr	O	Considering how many times people ask him about college when I 'm around , I can 't imagine how much Duke has to deal with that question .
tr	I	Mr Briggs also was the leader of the military .
tr	O	Tarik pulled up in front of the largest building in town , a dingy white two-story structure with an amber tiled roof .
tr	O	While curious people went in the direction of the burning car , she was going away .
tr	O	Right before Seamus plowed into him , taking his breath away , and not in the metaphorical sense .
tr	I	Even then Garnet might still have had the final word , had not the Port Authority in thrown their legal weight behind the environmentalists .
tr	I	Thomas gritted teeth his , but changed course .
tr	O	Severance regretted the words as soon as they hit the air .
tr	O	I jolted to attention .
tr	O	I didn 't regret the fact that I 'd invited him to open up to me .
tr	O	He moved , gliding with incredible speed , his fingers settling around Destiny 's arm .
tr	I	I sat up turned and to look at the window .
tr	I	The sharp inhalations of their breaths were loud in the tunnel as exchanged they nervous looks .
tr	I	He so looked damn old and small .
tr	O	Human rights activists have been especially vociferous .
tr	O	She licked her lip but kept working his throbbing flesh .
tr	O	He forced his legs to move to the entrance of her bedchamber .
tr	O	Then I was falling .
tr	O	' Julie , ' I say again .
tr	O	The last grain of sand fell .
tr	I	But I paste on a and smile pretend it doesn 't matter .
tr	I	This is wedding your .
tr	O	Wandering off half reluctantly , he ran into his editor Billie Kale and the gang from the Observer .
tr	I	Blood spilled to ground the , but Roberts didn 't seem to notice .
tr	O	He released her and unbuttoned his shirt to wrap it around her bare legs .
tr	O	She was practically balancing on her tiptoes , and I knew she was longing to find out about this part of her that was brand new .
tr	O	Over the years , he 'd lost some of his muscle mass , but he was still big enough to not look skinny .
tr	O	He tossed and lost , causing a roar of excitement from those watching .
tr	I	She didn 't herself let think about the kiss .
tr	O	The one bonus was that the pillowcase smelled like him .
tr	I	Her hand goes her to face .
tr	O	The one thing that was not monotonous was my time with Henry .
tr	O	I love Lisa , whoever and whatever she is .
tr	I	Her heart feels in torn a million pieces .
tr	O	Walker laughed when she made a joke .
tr	O	Or would there be anger , a sense of betrayal , or even relief ?
tr	O	Sneaking through the dark streets , I wondered at my endurance .
tr	O	He is not pleased .
tr	O	Melancholy tied Dan 's tongue .
tr	O	I want to tell him that Adam 's made me promises .
tr	O	Nev glides over with his wingspan as wide as a baseball bat and flies out the door .
tr	O	He rubbed his knee and looked at her .
tr	I	' What do mean you ?
tr	I	asks a voice that I recognize immediately as Brenden 's .
tr	I	Please don 't have a reason can I 't leave you here on the curb .
tr	I	She only cares for herself .
tr	I	Rayford could that see he was in big trouble if he didn 't move quickly .
tr	I	Justus would have been proud if could he see her now .
tr	O	I had been the author of unalterable evils , and I lived in daily fear lest the monster whom I had created should perpetrate some new wickedness .
tr	I	I shook my head , not trying to think too much about his question .
tr	O	Quickly , the two of them ran from the bunkhouse and disappeared into the woods .
tr	O	And two savage , glittering eyes .
tr	O	The loan would be 75 % of the purchase price , net of the $ 2.2 M renovation cost .
tr	O	Every protective instinct in Cain stood up and roared in defiance , but he knew the stakes .
tr	I	He was reaching for her when he felt her walls slam into back place .
tr	I	Ted had always known that only one of them could come out of this alive , but now it was really hitting home for first the time .
tr	O	I squint my eyes , searching for truth or lies in his blue eyes .
tr	I	I can 't believe ... this ? .
tr	I	Salina turned to send the lawyer a cold , look withering and held up a finger , indicating that she 'd be there in a minute .
tr	I	He of knew the curses that they suffered from .
tr	O	He turned to regard Sally with a deep scowl .
tr	O	She leaned against him , grateful for his strength , his unwavering devotion .
tr	I	I sat on far the distant hills and watched as people in fancy clothes left the helicopter and began speaking to the villagers .
tr	I	Two glowing eyes like flames looked down at him , a crevasse opened beneath the eyes what in looked like a grin .
tr	O	It was from the number that Ivy had been calling me from .
tr	I	I 'll able be to go outside again .
tr	I	Was he really jealous of father my ?
tr	O	Just like the manual said .
tr	O	His words were light , but his eyes were worried .
tr	I	I know you haven 't had sex with this client and you are to change immediately that .
tr	I	On Friday the before Homecoming .
tr	O	My first reaction was that he was right .
tr	O	Chapter 20 -- Reflections Toby looked at the clock .
tr	I	He didn 't even know why was she there .
tr	O	It was a stupid gesture but the knife was sharp enough to make it scary .
tr	O	Sam was practically drooling over a gorgeous brunette as he handed the woman a glass of white wine .
tr	O	And then there was that time with the tuba .
tr	I	But there again , where was the Were willing ?
tr	I	She didn 't change expression when she looked at him , only there in her eyes , but didn she 't need to .
tr	O	He squatted down to her height .
tr	I	CHAPTER THIRTEEN Ashlyn stared at the splintered door that had just been slammed in her face by Maddox , trapping her another inside bedroom .
tr	I	I quickly slid into the lane under the to rim get into position for the rebound .
tr	I	The large man in crouched front of a truck .
tr	I	I blink and blink again , the room to starts shift into focus .
tr	I	It was the news rolling channel , muted and subtitled .
tr	I	He took two steps and I heard him unzip his pants , and then I heard the sound of wee his as it hit the toilet bowl .
tr	I	Wendy wouldn 't do it intentionally , course of .
tr	I	It said people were already trying camp to out at the north end of the Square but had been forced out .
tr	I	His head from spun the taste of her .
tr	O	Please don 't let the horde have seen them .
tr	I	She hadn 't thought about him this much years in .
tr	O	Before his booted feet could even touch the asphalt , a car came racing right by him , sending him leaping back .
tr	O	Pris nodded and then offered an excited smile .
tr	I	She savored in his scent spices of and power as she allowed herself to simply be here in this moment .
tr	O	She hadn 't recovered the aunts .
tr	I	She it picked up and rifled through it .
tr	O	Maggie 's fork stopped halfway to her mouth .
tr	O	It was almost creepy .
tr	O	Please don 't let them hear us Lizzie kept thinking to herself .
tr	I	In the next moment he cried and out blinked his eyes open in shock as he felt something warm and wet close over the tip .
tr	O	It awfully reminded me of those disgusting hospital rooms a long time ago .
tr	O	And that way , if they heard her coming , they couldn 't escape quickly and lie about the fact that they were here .
tr	O	I wondered how long we would be stranded at Andy 's house .
tr	O	Joey 's head was bowed as he slept in his chair , but Patrick was awake and watching them intently .
tr	O	I should have listened to you and realized he was bad news , but I didn 't .
tr	I	Solange found it hard to look him at .
tr	I	Meatball puffed the suggestion out into freezing the air .
tr	I	A pulse of anger strong enough to destroy flashed worlds through the mist , and Tavi winced at the intensity of it .
tr	O	I 'd have sworn I felt the slickness of the vehicle 's clear coat beneath my toes as we passed each other .
tr	I	I scan vending the machines , plug several coins into the candy machine , and press E1 .
tr	O	Black , shadowy stuff moved like a flood of molasses and crept slowly inward and blanketed the land .
tr	O	His thoughts had been consumed with his sister .
tr	O	Send for me , if I 'm needed .
tr	O	Lyons nodded at me and stood up .
tr	I	MacKenzie and rolls when she does she rolls right off the couch .
tr	I	The back wheels off were the ground seconds later .
tr	O	This way , I can go to Erin 's at seven and spend at least twenty minutes with her alone .
tr	I	My voice muffled was by her pillow .
tr	O	God , when her mother waxed poetic it got hairy .
tr	I	A disagreement was as good as anything else to pass help the time .
tr	O	Not Tonya and the boys .
tr	I	I 'd better be now going .
tr	O	Keller gritted her teeth and felt a pain in her jaw that was getting familiar .
tr	I	She never could tell if he was joking or serious when he insinuated that she was missing out by not having him as a boyfriend .
tr	O	Having the ability to communicate with a short wave radio would have its advantages .
tr	I	He 't wouldn lose this battle .
tr	O	He slowed the car as he thought through his options .
tr	I	I always thought it be would cool to be a sportswriter .
tr	O	His back was to Astrid .
tr	O	I just look at her , my mind completely blank .
tr	I	She a made face .
tr	O	She was the only member of the family with a purpose to get out of bed .
tr	O	I couldn 't breathe , but with the unbelievable speed and jolt of the cart , it was worth my day .
tr	I	That left me with my father and the two who vampires continued to hold the massive front doors open , their faces expressionless .
tr	I	I don 't romantic have feelings toward you .
tr	I	I growled in deep my throat and spun around .
tr	O	NEW PROGRAM READS AS Then there was nothing .
tr	I	He cleaned up his life , cut the habits , and worked the out hell of himself to catch up in school .
tr	I	David felt nothing at the man words 's .
tr	O	He suddenly looked a little frustrated with his own clumsiness .
tr	O	But to find a man who would possess her body in the darkness , then make her laugh in the light .
tr	I	And he worked just out as harshly , just as relentlessly as he did everything in his life .
tr	I	He didn 't smile back as he beside sat me , and I felt the happy little feeling deflate .
tr	I	As if they had one mind between them they stopped both at the same time and stared longingly through the window .
tr	O	But as Kelly reached for a bag of chips ; Daren once again passed closely behind .
tr	I	Kel jumps up and rushes me to .
tr	I	He it let go .
tr	I	It had that familiar feel to it , his hand in mine , like an lover old that you 'd just found again .
tr	I	Like belonged I there with her .
tr	O	No one could doubt his powerful mind ; no one would dare call him mad .
tr	O	Daniel held the back of the old man 's head and tried to pull the tube free .
tr	O	Just because you 're a doctor .
tr	O	And while I couldn 't blame them for trying , I would get first pick no matter what .
tr	O	The one I 'd pretty much thrown away and there was nothing I could do about it .
tr	O	Seeing Matara before all this happened would have brought tears to your eyes .
tr	O	That stopped her laughter .
tr	O	She 'd never paid too much attention to religion or philosophy .
tr	O	That made it more special , somehow , the fact that only I knew .
tr	O	He was saving souls and learning languages , and more importantly , learning how to explain Jesus Christ to Indians .
tr	O	And may I present my friend Mr. Robe here ?
tr	I	It was just after six thirty a.m. so she wasn 't expecting James be to there , but part of her hoped he would be .
tr	O	What if Gayle said something ?
tr	O	I met her at summer camp .
tr	O	I like working outside , and my parents are pretty flexible .
tr	O	The fire instantly started blazing .
tr	O	Maybe she wasn 't bitten by a corpse , but by something else perhaps .
tr	O	Give the girls even more reason to kick us down when we talk to one .
tr	O	When she spoke , her voice was gentle .
tr	O	She turned to look at Jonathan Morgenstern sprawled among the covers .
tr	I	Nate and I danced a couple of dances but we mostly just hung out with our friends .
tr	O	And the way he moved ... there was an underlying leisure to the sensuality that marked him .
tr	I	The pain was clawing at me now , and hot sharp .
tr	I	No big deal , but if he wanted to continue , he have would to waive his rights .
tr	O	And then he was gone .
tr	I	He tried to pull the arrow out , but it would budge not .
tr	O	A photographer does the exact opposite ; takes reality as a starting point , then transforms it into art .
tr	I	I nod to the team , using hand signals indicate to everyone 's placement once we get into the vault .
tr	I	Make sure they brush teeth their .
tr	I	Her startled glance clashed Rafe with Palazzo , who was sitting at the far corner of the table .
tr	I	Maybe he was seeing things , but it sure looked like Julia was fixing to get the hell of out Dodge .
tr	O	I look out the window , over the man-made lake behind our house .
tr	I	The Huguenots struggle loads with half the size .
tr	O	So he 'd simply scrambled on to the pile of dead letters in what was in theory his office .
tr	I	I lunged forward and fell to knees my .
tr	O	Colin passed the first test of dating me .
tr	O	And the ski rack on top made it even higher .
tr	I	She asked , seeing the gash 'd I sustained earlier .
tr	O	His roommate was back asleep , but had stuck headphones in his ears and didn 't even notice that I was there .
tr	I	The crowd silent fell .
tr	O	She began by telling Meadows about other attacks to help her feel less self-conscious about having fallen victim .
tr	O	He moved closer , his hand coming up to pull a wisp of hair away from her face .
tr	I	From where he stood , he couldn 't see the open cage door or Beethoven , both hidden from view his by the cage itself .
tr	I	The moonlight cast a pale , milky shade across the darkness liquid .
tr	O	This is just a nightmare .
tr	O	It was a miracle no matter how you look at it .
tr	I	Dr. Percy looks at his father 's concerned expression , partially by hidden the opaque sunglasses .
tr	O	She laughed , the sound quickly swallowed by the reggae song that pounded out of the speakers .
tr	I	I her wanted heart .
tr	I	They don 't seem interested whatever for reason .
tr	I	Guy continued if as they 'd never shared that crazy moment .
tr	I	Plus her coat winter and a scarf and wool cap .
tr	I	By the end of the week , Jordan why wondered he hadn 't managed to settle this wedding issue yet .
tr	I	Suddenly there was a small light in Mina 's hand , casting a direct over glow our mentor 's pinched , slack features .
tr	I	But his feet seemed to have a mind their of own .
tr	O	The men were just plain pissed off .
tr	I	His heated gaze swept her over , and an unmistakable arc of sexual awareness shimmered between them .
tr	O	The first one was my mom ; the one I had seen in the frame .
tr	I	Aisling to decided save it for later .
tr	I	Only she had no idea what she amplifying was at the moment .
tr	O	My feet up and relaxed , I tried to think about something else other than whether that pain would return .
tr	I	Duncan shouting was for her , and she wanted to answer him , but she couldn 't .
tr	I	Miranda strode to office her to throw down her purse and pick up the file for Mr. Corbin .
tr	O	I see it in his eyes , the reason for that impenetrable , brooding stare into nothingness .
tr	I	It was his chance to put an end their to idleness !
tr	I	The siren offhandedly suggested .
tr	O	Sally Ramsay had taken a hot shower and was towel drying herself when she heard someone 's fist make a brutal attack on her front door .
tr	I	And then , who knew what happen would .
tr	O	We followed him into the room and I stopped in the doorway and stared at my big sister holding her brand new baby .
tr	I	Why couldn 't she reach for him after she had that horrible moment when the knowledge had hit her that a jaguar attacking was him ?
tr	I	We 're only apart inches .
tr	I	Luc had taken a knife to Anna 's hand , then cut his and them mixed together good and proper .
tr	O	She didn 't trust a doctor who demanded bed rest from a woman seven months pregnant .
tr	O	I was sensitive about my hips because they were wider than any other part of my body .
tr	I	Yes , Shana 's breakup Brad with was different , and of a lesser magnitude , but it was a loss .
tr	O	She still hoped to ... Except she didn 't know where she stood with Josh .
tr	I	Her seep words into my heart .
tr	O	He always had and had come to accept he always would .
tr	I	They have no idea what really I am .
tr	O	I couldn 't believe it .
tr	I	It Kelso was , the pediatric resident .
tr	O	The others in the group had better chances of knowing what was available to work with , so I reluctantly opened up the list for suggestions .
tr	O	Darnell was famous for his used luxury car business .
tr	O	Aileen wondered whether they felt like Nick and Louis near the Strangers .
tr	O	Nora took a deep breath .
tr	O	Your Manager was not clear when he asked for you to be present the second time .
tr	O	Looking around , they had large and small mannequin stands .
tr	I	When she 'd put a few miles between herself Dayne and , she slowed her pace .
tr	O	She couldn 't quite keep her grudge from her voice and I couldn 't help but smile .
tr	O	I bet I look like a kid on the first day of summer vacation .
tr	I	And the hell of it was that it 't wasn actually socialized , because he expected to get back a profit .
tr	I	Her body tensed and asked she , without a flat voice , without calm , sounding impatient and annoyed .
tr	O	Instead , I was thankful for the advice .
tr	I	Lily had died in the fire and that same the thing would have happened to me , if Simon hadn 't been there .
tr	O	He refused to think she could be dead .
tr	O	Cort muttered , as if in his sleep .
tr	O	Before joining the witches , however , Adrian and I first had a much-needed reunion with some of our friends .
tr	O	And things aren 't exactly peachy in my own life .
tr	O	In fact , Troy couldn 't have chosen a better husband for his daughter had he handpicked Craig himself .
tr	O	He stood on the sidewalk , his large black wings slowly waving and glittering in the night .
tr	I	Amanda yelled , turning the key again , the came engine to life .
tr	O	I know where this is about to lead .
tr	I	I and gasped gripped the armrests as he suddenly braked in front of the first red light .
tr	O	For the most part , they had cleared the walkway of corpses , and the rain was taking care of the remaining blood and gore .
tr	I	And now I 'm the one is who surprised .
tr	I	The pampering wasn 't something Amber an had opportunity to enjoy when she was last in the Keep .
tr	O	He was firm , demanding in a way that implied he expected respect .
tr	I	But he 's still inside me , and as he moves and trembles against me , it 's impossible for not me to feel .
tr	O	She tried to wrestle the rifle from his grasp as she replied , her voice monotone and emotionless in contrast to her brother 's .
tr	I	James Dean looked on in disbelief and tried run to at the same time .
tr	O	Lord , Neil must be loving this conversation .
tr	I	Unable to she answer stared at him , the fear steadily growing , her heart thumping so loudly in her chest she thought it would explode .
tr	I	Damn but he needed come to .
tr	O	When he was just a little thing he used to take him into the woods and teach him about animals and God knows what else .
tr	I	Robyn must have shrugged , because moment a later the man scratched him across the head .
tr	I	She gave me long a , appraising look .
tr	I	I 'd that love .
tr	I	I looked up at him standing tall me over , the rivulets of water running over his beautiful ink and sculpted muscles .
tr	O	Once they reached the third floor , there it was .
tr	I	He twirled a lock of hair her around his finger .
tr	O	She had a message to deliver .
tr	I	As usual , when it came to a matter of panic , it Daniel was on the other end .
tr	I	She wanted be to held in the arms of a man and feel what a woman was supposed to feel .
tr	I	Paul frowned , then but he grinned as well .
tr	O	After months in jail , not a single confession had been extracted , and those who failed to implicate Sullivan would be made the perpetrators .
tr	I	The reference to the baby made Angie up look sharply from her cards .
tr	I	His eyes burned with a deep , smoldering desire as he me watched .
tr	I	Olivier looked at me as I if were delusional .
tr	I	She said she would check with her friend best who was a nurse who wanted some part-time work .
tr	O	Mack locked the door behind them .
tr	O	She 'd officially quit her job .
tr	I	He sighs shakes and his head .
tr	I	She over looked at Preston .
tr	O	Walter has my authority all dealings .
tr	O	It slashed buildings with a powerful sweep of its hairy leg .
tr	O	She closed her eyes so she couldn 't see the worry and love in his gaze and lifted her shift over her head .
tr	O	Nick grinned -- it was like waiting for thunder after lightning .
tr	I	He and Carl helped her hop out the of rocket .
tr	I	They used their phones and their computers as an excuse to keep people at distance even though they pretended the brought devices everyone closer together .
tr	I	It felt like she just 'd run a cold spike through Ali 's chest .
tr	O	I was delivering supplies to the front , and I saw the war with my own eyes .
tr	O	He cradled a couple of bottles of Hall , a California Cab that I sure can 't afford .
tr	O	I gave the detective my full attention .
tr	O	Hunter shook his head .
tr	O	I picked up the cloth I had dropped and resumed dabbing the blood from her face .
tr	O	I might even be able to finish it by the time you and I can get out of this hellhole .
tr	I	He over towers my boyfriend .
tr	I	I used a of Rune Silence , one of those that the Silent Brothers used , on the back of your neck .
tr	I	When the door opened she up looked .
tr	O	There was an old woman sitting in front of the bookshelf reading .
tr	I	Mom yells at to him get his feet off the coffee table .
tr	I	I didn 't anything do .
tr	I	No obscure movements the in trees .
tr	I	Most of the mourners had already the left graveyard .
tr	I	Or I could right stay here and wait for the end .
tr	I	This had been a gray and dismal November , with and Thanksgiving just around the corner , it didn 't look like it would improve much .
tr	I	My father was devoted to young this man on account of that , but also in general because he loved this young 's man inquiring mind .
tr	O	Is that why he chose that moment to show himself so clearly ?
tr	I	Sam could actually hear the ratcheting sound of 's Mortimer zipper going down and then the rustle of cloth from behind the door as he stripped .
tr	I	I my drop head .
tr	I	Michael his put hands on his hips and shook his head .
tr	O	I don 't need him protecting me , but there are more pressing issues on my mind .
tr	O	It paid some of the bills , but we had to scrounge to piece together any kind of decent meal .
tr	I	There were a million reasons why shouldn she 't be here in his arms , moving to the music .
tr	O	I walked over to my door and cracked it open .
tr	I	I slipped cross the and chain over my head , then sat on the edge of the bathtub and put on my shoes .
tr	I	A flash of admiration gleamed in his eyes when he her saw .
tr	O	She only shared the story of her parents with a few important people in her life , and Ezra would never be one of those people .
tr	O	It was only when she began ascending the right side of the split staircase that she heard the faint strains of a violin .
tr	I	If you are who you say you are , I 'll come into lounge the bar after dinner , and then we can talk .
tr	O	She tried to smile at me and I had to look away .
tr	I	His smile evil , the Daimon held a pregnant panic-stricken woman in his arms with a knife at her throat .
tr	O	She rubbed her finger across the initials once more before her gaze shifted out over the duck pond .
tr	I	A collapse , he realized , of the ability communicate to .
tr	I	As his teammates to ran congratulate him , Dario 's eyes scanned the stands .
tr	O	A Marques had ruled here since her Portuguese ancestors had claimed the land and built this house she was standing in .
tr	I	Vasily seemed to this prefer , and stopped frequently to listen .
tr	O	And boy is it working , I think as I watch the guys crowd in even further .
tr	I	He 'd never much had occasion to use it .
tr	O	Like reaching out a hand through time , and trusting in a phantom hoped-for hand to catch yours .
tr	I	He 'd been there for her , for son her and for their future because here he stood vital and alive .
tr	O	Behind her , three kids followed in by the order of their birth .
tr	I	I see another bot working in a steady cleaning pace when I stand inside archway the .
tr	O	A garden straight from hell .
tr	O	Kate clawed at the sheets as his tongue slapped even more slickness unto her sodden folds .
tr	O	Aidan attempted a smile and did something unexpected .
tr	O	Allie and Marissa exchanged a quick glance before practically dragging me off to a park bench hidden behind some trees where we wouldn 't be bothered .
tr	O	Just Doc and me , surrounded by an island of night .
tr	O	Seneca proclaims the equality of all men , including slaves .
tr	O	Although too large for his small frame , he tied up the looser parts and made it into a passable fit .
tr	O	I slept like a lazy lizard in the sun between them .
tr	I	Claire took a directly seat across from her boss with a notepad and pen in her hand .
tr	I	She knew she should have resisted , but she somehow 'd found herself unable .
tr	O	' It 'll be worth it ! '
tr	O	He halted his praying and opened his eyes .
tr	I	The air cleared had , almost by itself .
tr	O	Only the solo acts left themselves open to those kinds of disasters .
tr	I	Perhaps it not does have a humanoid structure .
tr	O	I 'm not coming back without him .
tr	O	After all , whatever was going on , I 'd learn about it from the king himself soon enough .
tr	I	Her voice came out with more than a little touch of frustration , but I knew it wasn 't at directed me .
tr	O	I knew that once the bank gave up on getting the first payment on the loan it could accelerate the note and demand its payment in full .
tr	I	' And I want you to collect it him from when he 's finished . '
tr	I	The jolt hit both them like a lightning bolt .
tr	O	Was this to be her permanent home from now on ?
tr	I	I 'm a making food run .
tr	I	If wasn he 't hungry , he could just put it in the refrigerator for another meal .
tr	I	her voice was small very .
tr	O	Then , al at once , the thin line spread across the golden hue of his skin and shifted into a multitude of swirly designs .
tr	I	Darcy heard him only faintly , as they had crossed already the road and he was out of sight .
tr	O	Twenty minutes ago I saw you sulking near the headstones .
tr	I	Knowing Mille , he 't hadn wanted to interrupt his flirting with Helene , especially as she had proven her loyalty to King Albert .
tr	I	They never show the damage actually it does to the hands doing the hitting .
tr	I	So pretty and so sure of future her with him .
tr	I	Hurt and anger pulsed through his as veins intensely as if he had felt the emotions himself .
tr	O	' Don 't ever take them off , ' she instructed , and I nodded , turning to look at her properly for the first time .
tr	I	And when I think of I you see so many possibilities for us .
tr	O	When their day was finished , Heinrich Meyer appeared to be in better spirits .
tr	O	Lurkers hunt in large packs .
tr	I	One of them whined softly , like Daphne had the at door of the library , and took a couple of steps back .
tr	O	I didn 't know what to think anymore .
tr	O	I decide to ignore his last question , it will probably be better for him to find out himself anyway .
tr	I	Painter had told her to find a spot call and him .
tr	I	Ethan how considered utterly unprepared this woman was .
tr	O	Her cheeks were rosy red and her brown eyes sparkled though her dark lashes .
tr	I	Setzer over leaned the map with a nod .
tr	O	Penny stared at the roofline in the corner , listening to the clamoring and scrape of claws .
tr	I	Having washed up , looked he back to his normal self .
tr	O	There was no wonder that southern Spain closed down each day between one and five and came alive at night .
tr	O	His laughter draws Des and Blaze 's attention .
tr	O	I 'd rather go with you .
tr	I	Thornton wore grim a look .
tr	O	Tammy and I are going upstairs very loudly , and after a few minutes we will come back down , ringing a cowbell .
tr	O	She didn 't want to be scared .
tr	I	She wil play dumb and devastated the to police .
tr	I	A perfect secretary the to bone , she asked no questions .
tr	I	He belonged ancient in Macedonia .
tr	I	The medics had treated her and concluded that she did not need to go to emergency the room .
tr	I	The details of each operation were a on need-to-know basis .
tr	O	Through the windows he could see people milling about outside on the lawn in the mild February day .
tr	O	Her cage swings in a circular motion .
tr	I	She 'd never seen it work , not in the last weeks six since she 'd arrived at school .
tr	O	Immensely frustrated that he was still incommunicado , he failed to notice a doctor with spiky hair speaking into his phone .
tr	O	We are contacting her now , and she should be in touch in a few days .
tr	I	I took out cudgel my and rapped on the stairs .
tr	O	I became very nervous .
tr	O	I crossed the room and sat on the edge of bed .
tr	O	That 's when I noticed both his hands were smeared in red and so was the front of my shirt .
tr	I	My own father had me killed .
tr	I	It was one of most the exhilarating experiences of his life .
tr	O	She 'd killed the call .
tr	I	Standing over her was a dark-haired holding man a silver knife .
tr	I	It was tempting to in go search of Michael , to tell him what I 'd just heard .
tr	O	She wound her arms around his neck and , leaning into him , kissed him back .
tr	I	A reached sound his ears , finally .
tr	O	I flinched when the cell door slammed shut behind us .
tr	O	She held up her hands menacingly , hoping he might find the prospect of a shock discouraging .
tr	O	If I didn 't know better I 'd say that the two of them were friends and have been for a long time .
tr	O	I freeze and then sit up , squinting at her through the dark .
tr	I	It felt as if someone had punched a hole in my stomach , grabbed insides my and pulled them out again .
tr	O	They 'd never have time to climb .
tr	O	I shot him a look .
tr	O	There were hundreds of wooden cases on several steel packing shelves in the middle of the warehouse .
tr	I	Her hair was soft , thought he .
tr	O	The smile on his face is so beautiful , so perfectly happy and sanguine , I want to kiss him .
tr	O	Ezra shook his head vigorously .
tr	O	I crawled closer and yanked out the pouch that held the dried flower dust I used on Hecate .
tr	I	It to comes a stop beside me .
tr	O	Without warning , it snorted a wisp of hot air onto the pane .
tr	O	What lay beyond that door ?
tr	I	She needed forget to about it .
tr	O	Lara is ... difficult to describe .
tr	I	' How much we are talking ? '
tr	O	She wants nothing to do with the project , nervous about being labeled as a freak .
tr	I	Chris was positive he was more upset being about upstaged than about the budding confrontation with the painting 's former owner .
tr	I	Few better ways exist to ensure problems will arise in given a task than by making plans for afterward .
tr	I	Yeah , 'd he gotten in a fight .
tr	O	The pictures I 'd taken .
tr	O	As I do , I can hear the wind blowing and something falls outside .
tr	I	Chapter Nineteen Tomas Godard was waiting for us in the of foyer the mansion .
tr	O	The walls were too far apart for him to climb down the old-fashioned way -- brace and shimmy .
tr	I	The air was surprisingly fresh , tinged although with the familiar tang of tunnels built near a river .
tr	I	We can live under a regime no more that practices war and oppression its for people its own gain .
tr	O	Nick 's voice was hoarse , even to his own ears .
tr	I	I wondered if and dust rat droppings would sift down from the ceiling .
tr	O	Within seconds she was in nothing but bra and panties .
tr	I	But the doctors not are that worried .
tr	I	Her eyes scanned the room met and mine .
tr	O	Her eyes darted to the brochure and away again .
tr	O	There was anguish in Mikhail 's voice .
tr	O	If you 're reading this , then my plan worked .
tr	O	She tried to scream as she fell forward .
tr	O	Now that was a nightmare I didn 't want to relive again .
tr	O	There was agony behind his voice .
tr	O	He did not release until a tired voice answered .
tr	I	I watched Conner there sitting with one hand on that headstone .
tr	O	It 's not like we want to draw attention , and if we ever needed to pack up it 's easier to do it with tents .
tr	I	Next week I 'm working a at fund-raiser this burn rehab place .
tr	O	She wasn 't supposed to think of this afternoon again .
tr	O	It was a beautiful spring day with crisp cool air .
tr	O	There are five tables that have five players at each , mostly men , although there are a couple of women playing .
tr	I	The curator his rested hand on the desk and composed his face pleasantly .
tr	O	Her blue eyes grew wide and filled with hope .
tr	I	I hear a delicate , steady beating heart , the rise and fall of soft breaths .
tr	O	The doctor readies himself .
tr	I	I her told what I thought of cancer camp .
tr	I	He hadn 't expected her parents to be young so .
tr	O	By the time he grabbed hold , the water was up to his chest and his legs were kicking in the ocean .
tr	I	In a half an hour or so , I be 'd feeling even better .
tr	O	The sun was starting to set when they arrived back at the train terminal .
tr	I	I look closer and see a scrawled about note bindings at the top of one of the pages .
tr	I	Cars were lined up and down the senior parking lot , music blared from most of them students as tried to outdo the stereos surrounding them .
tr	I	Your is skirt too short , for a start .
tr	O	What is he doing ?
tr	O	Don 't go there .
tr	I	He 'd started working at The Spoon as freshman a , same as her .
tr	O	Some parents and staff helped to plan it .
tr	O	If things got out of control , their mother would know in an instant that something had changed .
tr	I	The hat was too gone .
tr	I	Abby heard the crunch of boots his on powder , then saw his illuminated figure in the glare of the headlights .
tr	O	She totally knew it .
tr	I	They were speaking low and furtively , but they were near , and nearer coming .
tr	I	She brushed light a , gentle kiss across his cheek .
tr	I	There was no reason for to them nag .
tr	O	This used to be so easy .
tr	I	Sam looked at up me .
tr	O	My therapists had told me that over and over again .
tr	I	Dax out yells loudly , taking us all by surprise .
tr	I	Something about her me reminds of June .
tr	I	It was -- Elizabeth come , she said , to summon us both to breakfast .
tr	O	He grabbed her hand and held it in both of his for a moment .
tr	I	Or she 'd shiver and herself press a little closer , as if unconsciously .
tr	O	This camp was worth fighting with all my might to stay .
tr	O	Reaching out , I pulled her into my lap and wrapped her in my arms .
tr	I	Ten hours after Rex pulled me on board , we arrive Philly in in silence .
tr	I	That could have Steve been Cross - field .
tr	O	Thomas thought that was the worst idea he 'd heard in a long time .
tr	O	He snatched a look back and saw that the line of men was being forced to walk over the collapsed man 's body .
tr	I	Shoulder to shoulder , they studied the small disk metal .
tr	O	Apart from that icy numbness , I mostly felt rage , a growing and nearly ungovernable need to lash out .
tr	I	It seemed such a thing small now .
tr	O	Curious about what would happen , Daemon turned them toward the tree and urged the horse onward .
tr	O	He was willing to talk about anything but the law and lawyers .
tr	O	I 'm going to propose that Mabel and I just be exclusive to one another .
tr	I	Billy couldn 't see the lights , since he wasn facing 't the windows .
tr	O	Her eyes pleaded with me .
tr	O	Heavy rain pounded on the windows .
tr	O	She sank back in her chair , exhausted .
tr	I	I lay my head his on chest .
tr	I	Rita and I still in live her Aunt 's house .
tr	O	Nick said , entering the room .
tr	O	Grace wiped her cheeks and stood up .
tr	I	It made a soft click as it the reached barrier of the lock .
tr	I	But wouldn she 't vomit .
tr	O	Crash and Vaughn hadn 't seen each other since Vaughn 's early graduation , but they 'd spoken a few times , long distance .
tr	I	I think he got by here magic . '
tr	I	Mistral 's look was not a one happy .
tr	O	Move fast , strike hard ; before he could stop himself he thought something else .
tr	I	He jabbed his finger into the table as though he were making an irrefutable point of which was he particularly proud .
tr	O	I had no idea what the weekend would hold in store for us , but I was ready for it .
tr	O	As I watched the two spar , I noticed for the first time that Bobo was as tall as Raphael .
tr	O	Her fingers curled around the door handle .
tr	I	It the was humble , boyish innocence of the question , combined with the tender endearment , that was her undoing .
tr	O	He started out of the room and then hesitated , turning back .
tr	I	I spent study hall in the girl 's trying room to stop crying .
tr	I	Her car is the only one the in parking lot .
tr	I	I up pushed , ignoring the nausea .
tr	O	I pull my feet up and wedge one of them in between the couch cushions trying to get comfortable .
tr	O	But they were clean-cut , rugged , and strong .
tr	I	What it wasn 't telling her was how to up get the courage to do it .
tr	O	I picked up his bow from the ground and snapped it over my knee and handed him the bits dangling from the string .
tr	O	Without thinking he opened his mouth wide and let whatever words he could find just bellow out of him .
tr	I	Sweat rolls down my spine , in pools the small of my back .
tr	O	Whenever she was in town didn 't he try to help her with her packages ?
tr	O	She didn 't feel a personal connection to any of it .
tr	I	He , Ashe and Gavin stood across the street from a house in Dublin , a narrow , cobbled lane in lying between .
tr	I	Although we had other similarities , I 'd always been reluctant to bond her with , on account of Parker being so hostile about her .
tr	I	What the are hell you doing tearing down the street like the Dukes of Hazzard ?
tr	I	The was wood red and aged , adorned at the edges with gold trim .
tr	O	Less so in the afternoons , but I still have to be careful .
tr	I	Should all intelligent machines be living called ?
tr	O	Obviously , he 'd hoped for better results than what he 'd gotten at the casino .
tr	I	I don understand 't how we can do this .
tr	O	It 's no coincidence they were in the same bar as us . '
tr	I	You can also stop by my office you if happen to be in the area .
tr	O	I just want to be sure .
tr	I	She stared at me for a moment , then in knelt front of me .
tr	O	She wanted to hit him , to rail against how horrible he was .
tr	O	Clearly his diversionary tactics hadn 't been a complete success .
tr	O	He shoved me up against the wall .
tr	O	Also , Gregor was not into fighting .
tr	I	She with says excitement .
tr	I	His jaw drops just enough , then widens into smile a like he 's won the lottery .
tr	I	Of course , his of realization that only compounded his discomfort .
tr	O	Yeah , Taking Back Sunday is a good band .
tr	O	Soft footfalls whispered in the hallway .
tr	I	For centuries , he had been able ward to his home from invaders .
tr	O	All of them practice dark magic and offer their services to a special clientele , mostly business men and politicians .
tr	I	He had tried some of the ' Meals Ready to Eat ' and concluded Marmite that was superior .
tr	O	Where had Ron gone ?
tr	O	At that rate , he 'd own all the control .
tr	I	Talking about John , even to the police , had reminded her of the threats he had made against boys her .
tr	I	Now , he had bitterly failed .
tr	O	I shivered at the thought of reading anything about him but I needed the closure .
tr	I	He knew that the fifth fret was A the chord , but didn 't know a main chord for either of the other notes .
tr	I	When met I Shirley Temple , she was an eighteen-year-old grown-up , and she was a delight .
tr	O	It 's things like that .
tr	O	She 'd shut down that portion of her life just as absolutely as he had .
tr	O	Am I not good enough ? '
tr	I	' Pitch burns , so and does naphtha .
tr	O	Hope sparked inside me .
tr	I	He kissed reassuringly her .
tr	I	Was the door front already open ?
tr	O	Jones stood next to me , facing Charley .
tr	O	Daemon moved as close as he could with the chair between us .
tr	O	She senses it too .
tr	I	At last Sally down quieted .
tr	O	' Zap Zap , if you see her , tell her it 's dangerous here .
tr	O	Three were now two .
tr	I	NORA was still fuming she when packed her BMW in the garage and walked in with her key .
tr	O	Courtney 's hand rests on the knob .
tr	O	Sean made love to her that night with such ferocity that she thought she would never walk again .
tr	I	There followed a period of embarrassment serious which was only solved with difficulty . '
tr	O	He wasn 't stepping forward so they 'd have a place to stay .
tr	O	In his gut , Gray knew the director was correct .
tr	O	Love , what do you need ?
tr	O	Theoretically possible at the speed of light squared .
tr	I	Rachel the shoved picture back in Nate 's direction , but he didn 't move to reclaim it .
tr	I	And the fact that Black Mist was would involved warrant a death sentence at her father 's own hand .
tr	I	Willow shifted under uncomfortably his unwavering gaze and Declan only smiled wider .
tr	I	The weeks of stress , of worry ... somehow in the middle of all my obsessing over the time , my time disappeared had .
tr	I	His eyes fell the to picture as he spoke .
tr	I	Dear Lord , he looked hot a carrying skillet .
tr	I	They cheerfully settled themselves on the snow , forming a circle us around .
tr	O	He shakes his head .
tr	I	He could the control freaking weather ?
tr	I	Even orbital stations didn 't have docks this like .
tr	I	I hung up and the tossed phone on the bed .
tr	O	Garrett just stared at him .
tr	O	Those dreams shouldn 't have surprised her , though .
tr	O	While Rashad gave me the apartment building and number , John edged closer behind me .
tr	O	Can 't believe you even offered for her , what with her reputation .
tr	O	There was a pause while bushy eyebrows descended in thought .
tr	O	He withdrew into himself a little as he thought of her , letting the conversation of his new friends wash over him .
tr	I	But about what Jenna ?
tr	I	He was ruthless , as I sensed 'd .
tr	O	So far it had been quite clichéd in a sense .
tr	O	Jelly dripped down Ali 's chin .
tr	O	Cassie ventured toward the beach .
tr	O	He had been all right for two hundred years .
tr	O	I guided him across the street to a restaurant across from the hotel .
tr	I	I stared him past at the flickering screens .
tr	O	Don 't be like this .
tr	O	He headed for the back door .
tr	O	They reached the apology for a town square .
tr	I	It didn 't matter what now Kylie wished she was .
tr	O	Bernard glanced at Amara , who smiled very faintly and pretended to be watching for the enemy .
tr	I	Her sister was a biology major and was on a dune ecosystem study field thing for her masters degree .
tr	I	The tavern 's patrons continued to him watch silently .
tr	I	Although just we ate dinner not that long ago and I wasn 't really hungry either .
tr	O	What the heck is wrong with me ?
tr	I	The gargoyle struck him across both calves while his body parallel was to the earth .
tr	I	On the way out , he snatched the black Stetson from bedpost the and dropped it on his head .
tr	O	His mother sent her a scowl and started muttering to herself .
tr	I	His cupped hand her breast , his thumb stroking across her nipple .
tr	O	We 're laid in his bed .
tr	O	They dug into Andra 's flesh and held fast , then the baby began to suck deeply .
tr	O	He was going where all the other people had gone .
tr	O	I can hear the erratic breathing as our secret perfume lets out its scent through a crack in the window .
tr	I	' But he seemed want to to keep his identity secret .
tr	I	Morgan her regarded sister with obvious pride .
tr	O	He began to gaze at the pointy houses and bulbs of light illuminating the streets .
tr	I	Cole asked the from other end .
tr	O	He 'd cleaned himself up , had seemingly scrubbed away his emotions as surely as he 'd scrubbed away the blood .
tr	O	Beretta looked in the direction of the club owner 's gesture and saw Joey for the first time .
tr	I	After he 'd finished it , he 'd realized that couldn he 't write any more .
tr	O	Just until we can find these men .
tr	I	The door opened and I looked up the see standing Nick at the threshold .
tr	O	Her humor didn 't distract Tony from the importance of her entry .
tr	O	Recollection masks his face as he starts to put the pieces of my sad life together .
tr	I	My eyes dangerously narrowed .
tr	I	Lea slowly out came of her own corner , which was something suspicious for Payton and her seconds .
tr	I	Before they went to bed , they went outside to breathe the in cold sea air .
tr	I	I go to peel off my jeans , and the for life of me I can 't remember what underwear I 'm wearing .
tr	I	She studied his perfectly profile chiseled .
tr	I	If it were any other stranger did who that , I would have felt awkward and uncomfortable about it .
tr	O	The gun was canted so that the grip nestled against my left kidney .
tr	I	He had slid a smaller piece -- maybe only big enough to feed five people -- front in of her .
tr	O	She could hardly explain that Emerson and Jonas had gone off to Mexico to rescue an old , highly disreputable family friend who had gotten himself kidnapped .
tr	O	Lea opened the door to her apartment and let Julie in .
tr	O	What are you up to ?
tr	I	As lift the doors snapped shut , silence once again filled the corridor .
tr	I	Her lips full were , her skin the color of honey , and her breasts practically falling out of the pink bikini .
tr	I	Just as said Joseph .
tr	O	He pointed to his glass .
tr	I	There countless are major corporations out there now looking for high profile causes .
tr	O	It was too surreal for me to accept it as a fact at once , even to someone who is used to the unusual such as me .
tr	O	Some snow started to fall again and the flakes were as big as quarters .
tr	O	As the sun disappeared over the horizon , the sky was momentarily awash with a redness that could only be compared to the colour of blood .
tr	O	He 's not going to die from that .
tr	O	He pulls out onto the main road and we start in on our adventure .
tr	I	Speed would be important too for that kind of burden .
tr	I	Except for the time private that vid wound up on the midnight bounce , but I had nothing to do with the distribution .
tr	I	A messenger who was trusted by both King the and the envoy presented at the envoy 's quarters .
tr	O	A network of round tubes ran through the atrium which people walked briskly along , to get from one side to the other .
tr	O	He had to be suspicious or she would have dismissed him as she did nearly everyone else .
tr	I	Simon his sipped drink .
tr	O	Then again , a ghoul didn 't breathe , and could hold as still as a statue if need be .
tr	O	He would need to move quickly and with little time to rest in order to make it to the colony before they could capture him .
tr	O	As she watched from the rear entrance she smiled .
tr	I	My tears had made everything blurry , and rubbed I at my eyes for a moment before answering .
tr	O	It 's horrible ... ' Doc looked over in the direction of the bushes .
tr	I	I the know instant he spots Trick .
tr	O	After the hyperinflation , nobody accepted money anymore .
tr	O	I made a decision , stepped forward and my mind slipped into calm .
tr	I	When I nodded , he walked over to Orson and dug through his pockets until found he the key .
tr	O	But almost immediately , she was indignant .
tr	I	Tom hesitated , his knotting hands .
tr	I	She would fine be .
tr	O	She had to move extremely fast , to avoid being cut in two , by the huge warrior .
tr	O	How would it feel to be pursued and cornered by the beast and then made love to by the man ?
tr	I	The love Alexander for had Olivia was apparent .
tr	O	But then , he was there , moving with a speed as if to make the fury of a tornado 's winds seem sluggish .
tr	I	Eventually they down ran another section of road , until they came to a small park .
tr	I	The official Extravaganza was sign-up taped to the front counter .
tr	I	A giant elephant painting hovers the over back of her couch .
tr	O	This will all wash over .
tr	O	I saw our entire group of friends pass by .
tr	O	His eyes fall to our joined hands as he slips an enormous diamond onto my ring finger .
tr	I	I scared was outta my mind .
tr	I	The behind noise me swelled .
tr	O	I look at the big house where she lives .
tr	I	Siobhan leaned against the counter me beside .
tr	O	That 's not okay .
tr	I	They probed the grass for a quite time before they found the remains of the old toolbox .
tr	I	She tapped her fork against plate her .
tr	I	The bell shone there an like accusation .
tr	O	Pickering felt oddly detached as he moved toward the two prisoners .
tr	O	Then the remaining two were upon them .
tr	I	But Kurt 's verdict needs to be out carried .
tr	O	But her usual spark wasn 't there , and Michael noticed immediately .
tr	O	We were so done , no matter how much he knew about me .
tr	O	Several pots bubbled , spitting columns of steam into the hood vent .
tr	O	Simone wondered what occurred after they had left her house .
tr	I	Mine look human very , Mr. Bennington , very human , but they aren 't .
tr	I	I slid my hands over his chest and back down to stomach his .
tr	O	But he 'd never been able to take it down , even after all of this time .
tr	O	These vultures were cleaning up what was left .
tr	I	She sent others to watch for Daniel and in Betty the Smugglers Cove where they had landed .
tr	O	Am I really getting relationship advice from Brigitte 's booty call ?
tr	I	She let him out and did he his duty as quickly as any dog could .
tr	O	So I just threw myself into my work .
tr	O	Mackenzie flipped the bathroom light on and inspected her now blond hair .
tr	O	I can see it in your eyes and hear it in your voice .
tr	I	My fellow classmates were starting to get me to .
tr	O	From the deep recesses of his mind , the image of a leather-clad rider on a black GS bike slowly floated up to the forefront .
tr	O	Can you see my problem ? '
tr	O	The more he tried to hold on to the land his family had guarded and cherished for so long , the more of it fell away .
tr	I	It was a depressing kind of that rain soaked into everything .
tr	I	Raphael flushed red as the synth player ignored him heading towards where their friends and partners for waited them .
tr	O	Yes , they 'd already bonded emotionally , and knowing she cared deeply merely assured him that this next step was right .
tr	I	She 'd never been sent to the before principal and she knew she 'd get in trouble for this , both in school and at home .
tr	O	Now not everyone may appreciate that the Academy has an excellent PR machine , but it does .
tr	O	The only way I 'll know anything is if she 'll allow me to try and release the memories locked in her mind .
tr	O	Everything had been tidied up .
tr	O	Jason sat stunned , still blown away by everything : his brother 's body , his brother 's illness and lastly , his brother 's attitude .
tr	O	I just thought I 'd call to say hi . '
tr	I	When Grant strolled in , he was perfectly as dressed and creased as ever .
tr	O	But then I thought about you .
tr	O	Here 's hoping it did its job well enough .
tr	I	No , he couldn let 't her backslide now .
tr	O	Instead young Nephilim are tutored , either in their family homes or in small groups at their local Institutes .
tr	O	They moved through the Escape compound , arriving several minutes later at the living quarters .
tr	I	We have been turned a into 911 weapon .
tr	I	Blinking them away , turned she the doorknob and entered without saying a word .
tr	I	The only person in was there a massive ogre .
tr	I	A couple of business suits on hung the inside of the bathroom door , a tan one and a lavender one .
tr	O	Her eyes fell on me .
tr	O	Being engaged to Gil was another -- and the biggest reason she was happier than she 'd ever been .
tr	I	This a was weird change of pace for him .
tr	O	The people lining the walls twitched again .
tr	I	The look on her face that said she wanted this as much as he did , she and didn 't think it was too soon .
tr	O	He openly considered me , his beautiful lips twisting to the side .
tr	O	I realize that things could be a lot worse for me .
tr	I	He landed easily on his feet , still holding the at arrow arm 's length in front of him .
tr	I	Kenny saw beautiful pictures designs and wearily carved into the floor and walls .
tr	I	I just don 't want her to I think 'm making her choose me over her own freedom .
tr	I	I brushed couple a of tears off my cheeks as he finally set me down .
tr	O	Millicent realised she did think so .
tr	O	But the biggest problem was the young men .
tr	I	Claire was still cold , but figured that it had more to do with the icy and wind the cold ground than any magic .
tr	I	The man outside pounded on the again door .
tr	I	Gerald called EA from his room hotel .
tr	O	I could smell the lotus blossoms from here as their scent wafted onto my balcony from the gardens below .
tr	O	she asked , clasping her hands absently around his waist .
tr	O	Her family had forced Staffan 's hand , and he had said ... yes .
tr	I	Every moment I felt comforted by rhythm the of my footsteps I would hit a wall or my right hand would touch a void .
tr	I	He the returned photograph to her desk .
tr	I	She heard someone enter the room , but she couldn lift 't her head .
tr	O	She saw a flat roof to her side .
tr	I	I pulled on my cloak , and we went out the into rain .
tr	O	For some inexplicable reason , I figured it wasn 't going to be the regulation brown .
tr	I	I manage eat to a few things from my plate , even though my stomach is doing flips along with my heart .
tr	O	The next moment killed me .
tr	O	He swallowed the pill .
tr	O	None , though , she 'd been interested in .
tr	I	The gun loaded was .
tr	O	It felt like a gut instinct to command the elements to her will .
tr	O	One month slipped and fell into the past , then two .
tr	O	He lifted an eyebrow at her .
tr	O	She and her friends had summoned a demon and paid the price .
tr	I	About I two think .
tr	I	You said told he you it was OK to use his Ferrari .
tr	I	Push only as as much you have to , Karl .
tr	O	I sighed and relaxed , fitting myself to the stone shape of him .
tr	I	With a cautious on smile her face , she opened the adjoining door , ready to be conciliatory .
tr	O	The red Ferrari arrived at a four-story renovated condo building in Studio City , and pulled into the underground parking garage .
tr	O	A hand reached out of a dark passage and landed on Hart 's shoulder .
tr	O	After everything we 've been through , she didn 't even call or leave me a note .
tr	I	Each of his muscles petrified , but he fought through and cupped the side her of cheek .
tr	I	I can 't be with her the in same enclosed space as I am .
tr	I	Marian shook head her .
tr	I	I laughed , and serious the mood transformed to one of celebration .
tr	I	And , if you asked him , he would say same the thing about me .
tr	O	And how they managed to avoid consequence .
tr	I	She went quietly to the bedroom door and out peered .
tr	O	She was familiar with the building they were about to enter because it was featured in almost every documentary she 'd watched on the project .
tr	O	I lunged for the passenger door opposite me .
tr	O	After the raid , the neighborhood was officially repossessed by the city of Portland , and a number of the houses were razed .
tr	O	I 've known it all my life .
tr	O	He 'd started prowling after that , started smiling that cold , familiar , brutal smile while she waited .
tr	I	A prideful ( and youthful ) man , Tommy isn 't to one turn the other cheek .
tr	I	To his taste kiss .
tr	O	She pressed the heels of her hands to her eyes hard .
tr	O	He cracked his knuckles .
tr	O	It was then that she noticed the front door was standing slightly ajar .
tr	O	They made their way to Zac 's old house and called him .
tr	I	But worth his has expired .
tr	O	Then he smacked Tonk Fah on the back of the head .
tr	I	Her mouth completely falls open .
tr	I	Anyone could have pulled up a tree baby and brought it over . '
tr	I	For a moment , Nate considered swinging his backpack a like club .
tr	I	Now they didn know 't if Kyle was alive or dead .
tr	I	Gavin , who hadn 't changed his one appearance bit , sliced the head from Edward Desmarais .
tr	I	And for some reason odd ... it was true .
tr	I	When I came here , only their were skeletons to be found .
tr	I	But even with his far-reaching influence , it still took hours prepare to things to his satisfaction , leaving only two before his self-imposed appointment with Glory .
tr	I	Closer , he spread her open for tongue his to explore , to love .
tr	I	They 'd been bought from a family poor , you see .
tr	I	' Sweetheart -- ' ' You can really 't see it , can you ? '
tr	I	Fade beckoned with a look stern .
tr	O	Then I was back in the waiting room , trying to get out my credit card to pay the bill while the baby cried .
tr	O	What is wrong with me ?
tr	I	She made an internal promise to herself that she wouldn 't take another shot , smoke or have a drink of because peer pressure .
tr	O	I looked up to see Violet scowling at me from the entrance , holding the glass door open with one hand .
tr	O	But the fire of rage dulled a fraction in Daniel 's eyes .
tr	O	I resign myself to talking to Sydney .
tr	O	They hit the ground .
tr	O	His eyes were dazed and stricken and grieving .
tr	I	' Well , yes , ' Stanton admitted .
tr	O	But each time she stepped her foot outside , a heavy sense of dread overcame her and she had to pull it back in .
tr	I	Because soon as as I felt it , it thinned .
tr	O	The giant orange bags floated in disconcerting silence , anchored by long black tendrils twining in the rocks of the hills .
tr	O	Nothing could deflate my grin .
tr	I	Why didn 't I think he would that do ?
tr	O	It felt that good .
tr	O	' Who are they ? '
tr	O	I toss my keys to him and , leaning into the open driver 's - side window , he cranks the engine .
tr	O	I glanced at the bedside clock .
tr	O	He was making fun of me .
tr	O	She eyed Cole next to me and grinned widely , probably figuring we were talking again .
tr	O	Blinking up at him as he moved around in front of her , Valerie nodded again .
tr	I	Sure , Ron thought he owned cave the .
tr	I	It doesn 't sense make .
tr	I	Maybe had he simply wanted to forget me .
tr	I	The wall the behind table was windows with a view of the planet .
tr	O	Every move he made was gentle and was meant to keep the young beauty at ease .
tr	O	Century after century , it weighed on her until her light began to fade .
tr	O	He heard her but he didn 't meet her gaze .
tr	I	Her aura rippled now with a light blue .
tr	I	Elizabeth his was only sibling .
tr	I	What she was doing ?
tr	I	The thought of putting ketchup on the honey bun revolting was .
tr	O	It could be coming from under the house ?
tr	I	She the looked way Jacques had every time he went to sleep .
tr	O	At the end of the day or night , everything went to the head of the Council .
tr	O	He wanted to give Grace more time to rest , and he put her to bed to ensure she did just that .
tr	I	But instead retreating of , too , he stood still .
tr	I	The brought waitress the food .
tr	I	Then stood I , shoving the chair away from the table .
tr	I	They watching were it with narrow , careful attention , and stamping out flames which leapt back towards them .
tr	O	I 'm not implying it 's wrong .
tr	I	Pete hissed cursed and .
tr	I	There was something almost naked in voice his .
tr	O	CHAPTER 7 He saw Aunt Louise walking down the road .
tr	O	What had she been thinking ?
tr	O	Moving faster than I ever have , my earlier confounded feeling dissipated and I breathe deeply as I pass the football field .
tr	I	That was his not place , not anymore .
tr	I	One Vlad thing had taught him was how to stay off human radar and how to keep his true identity hidden .
tr	O	Only Aunt Syl would put a pedicure and steak dinner before homework .
tr	I	Miya drains jug the .
tr	I	Instead , she did one the thing she could do , and smiled .
tr	O	The boy blinked in utter astonishment , could this fearsome warrior truly be speaking to him , and with kindness ?
tr	O	You would also understand the fact that your humanity tests every boundary of his control .
tr	O	The hot and muggy days of late spring were coasting into New York .
tr	O	I have dreams in which I guide elected officials through the poorest communities .
tr	O	His boots went half way up his muscular calf .
tr	O	What was it she wanted to be free of ?
tr	I	Only aerial the peeked out .
tr	O	But Harald 's brother was not present .
tr	I	I shrugged off her hand and made waving a gesture .
tr	O	She lacked the strength and will to survive .
tr	I	She hadn 't met even Mike yet .
tr	I	The ding of cash a register snapped me back to reality .
tr	I	She was wearing new a bra .
tr	O	He was still smiling though , watching me like a cat who just found a mouse .
tr	I	The guests included studio a head , some directors , and several well-known actors and actresses .
tr	O	Either that , or the people that roamed the streets late at nights simply had no other place to go .
tr	I	Eva , Serena and Damian are closing in on Jackson ; Eva throws herself at one of vampiric the demons .
tr	I	Rafe had found his sword and turned to grapple with phantom another like shadow .
tr	I	This will also be a thing one-time .
tr	I	Unfortunately hostess the couldn 't stand her .
tr	I	What we know is now that something has gone terribly wrong within this house .
tr	O	And if they wouldn 't listen , she needed to subjugate them and make them listen .
tr	O	Lily was kneeling in the kitchen with full grocery bags all around her feet as she consoled her crying son .
tr	O	I lift it toward my eyes , but I don 't need it any closer to smell the blood on it .
tr	I	The two white things eyes were .
tr	O	She stared sweetly at Reefer , her head cocked and her lashes fluttering .
tr	I	All the ones she had jotted down have could related to respective parts of the body .
tr	I	Jane asked as Julio took his out pocket watch .
tr	O	Bill Door searched his memory .
tr	O	He knew what it was .
tr	I	I hoping ask she did .
tr	O	She rubbed her free hand over the goose bumps on one arm .
tr	I	What can say I ?
tr	I	* * Something * caused me to jerk awake .
tr	I	Oh no , she going 's to see it .
tr	O	Paul especially liked Barney Frank , Congressional Finance Chairman , as the Queen of Hearts .
tr	I	First at noon and again now at five .
tr	O	She mustn 't complain .
tr	O	What was it about his movements that were so damned hypnotizing ?
tr	O	He knew he was staring , but could not help himself .
tr	I	It getting was harder to stay awake .
tr	O	What it was that came to fill Tracy 's sparkling hazel eyes , was her reflection , horribly distorted and out of focus .
tr	I	Don 't me piss off , you 'll probably regret it .
tr	O	Who cares about this stupid account ?
tr	O	Shut down some of my senses .
tr	O	Their ordeal was magnified by the fact that they had come back one member short .
tr	O	Yet Gabe was pulling what had to be million-dollar accounts from Lance 's firm .
tr	I	He took a breath deep and decided not to inspect the damage ; there really wasn 't any , he decided .
tr	O	In fact , the game designers were more than generous in the implementation of their payment system .
tr	I	If what he suspected were true , Mrs. Thornton should 've shown much than more fear .
tr	O	It was not a battle you could win anyway .
tr	I	I made was one .
tr	I	When he was done he had a perfect man origami .
tr	I	It was a habit he was familiar with , and it usually signified it was time switch to topics .
tr	O	They looked to their hostess ... and waited .
tr	I	To leave forever Hand .
tr	O	At the same time , he heard a rustling nearby but couldn 't see anything .
tr	O	He gave an amused nod .
tr	O	I don 't look through any of them .
tr	I	Then ran I from the one thing in my life I wanted most .
tr	I	He thought he could hear every note and every voice in the more choir clearly .
tr	I	Verity whirled and around saw Jonas staggering wildly , his arms flailing .
tr	O	His expression transformed into surprise then anger .
tr	O	Isabelle had been trained to wake early every morning , rain or shine , and a slight hangover did nothing to prevent it from happening again .
tr	I	All around him was happiness and good cheer , Dan leaving to wonder if he had really been through hell and come back to earth .
tr	I	Yet , in the end , they had repudiated him for to trying save his son when he knew there was no hope .
tr	I	What 's everyone excited so about ? '
tr	I	Shay shrugged , thinking back to her swift trip the through auction house .
tr	O	Water heater 's all fired up , too .
tr	I	We the need fires .
tr	I	We 're just little specks the against endless snow .
tr	I	It was already after noon , clock the pointed to one .
tr	I	I saw that she lost was .
tr	I	I felt my phone vibrate in jeans my pocket and held it up to check the number .
tr	I	He stood and to gestured the door .
tr	O	Then she noticed a second text had come in as well .
tr	O	Emma tried not to squirm in the woman 's grip .
tr	O	He had to sit sideways to fit on the latter .
tr	O	His little grey bird clung to his shoulder and bobbed with each bounding step .
tr	O	He put his finger to my lips .
tr	O	I noticed that Brandon had carefully not asked me why I had been seen at the opera with Louisa several nights before .
tr	I	He narrowed eyes his as he looked her over .
tr	O	Sally moved forward , her expression slack as she was piloted by the evil deity to stand directly next to the cringing cur .
tr	I	I don think 't I 've ever seen any quite so old . '
tr	I	He had dismounted , wary of the commotion approaching , and his immediate bodyguard were a forming ring around him , making him a small target .
tr	O	' And take them as another example , ' he said , pointing to the little car .
tr	O	He was warm and strong and gave her the impression that he could manage anything easily .
tr	I	Because it was really incredible .
tr	I	The following morning when arrived Lara at Cameron Center , the entire staff was waiting to congratulate her .
tr	O	He was entranced by it .
tr	O	She 'd tried to stop him .
tr	O	That was the upbringing Taro had known .
tr	O	* * * Della and Steve landed in the designated spot of the state park five minutes later .
tr	I	Louisa felt suddenly hollow , as though something important had been just lost to her .
tr	I	What would he do if left I him waiting ?
tr	O	I didn 't want to believe it .
tr	I	I wanted run to away .
tr	O	The only thing that changed when I found out about immortals , and that you were all members of that select group , was me .
tr	I	Scarlett turned and saw it was piled high with climbing gear , so much so Sal would had have a tough time squeezing in back there .
tr	O	Carol sat in her office with her head in her hands .
tr	I	She heard the door rattle as someone to tried open it .
tr	I	Slammed that behind door her and placed him in the tub .
tr	I	He nodded several slowly times .
tr	O	We go back inside the chamber and hide while shots are being fired everywhere .
tr	I	He kept had them together , given them purpose , protected them and taught them how to survive in those early years .
tr	O	' I 'm sorry we 're late .
tr	I	A matron screamed as she fled down the stairs , other pushing ladies ahead of her .
tr	O	There was another confounded clock in here , ticking , ticking .
tr	I	He showed just me his teeth .
tr	I	I in stood an open field with a ring of distant trees encircling it .
tr	I	He and urges Dominic moves the girl 's hair for me .
tr	O	How could he eat ?
tr	I	There was a small glimmer of recognition his in eyes .
tr	O	He glanced up but said nothing .
tr	I	She at smiled him .
tr	O	I stopped at the mirror and placed them on a small bench .
tr	I	But I hadn had 't much of a choice .
tr	O	She couldn 't see his face , but she could hear him breathing .
tr	I	Don you 't even talk about Jace to me !
tr	O	Ian looked uncertain , and Margaret pressed her advantage .
tr	O	Maybe he or she would stick around in Ashland and live the high life .
tr	O	She reached under her desk , pulling out a stack of coloring books with crayons .
tr	I	I just barely managed to catch my balance before I slammed into the kitchen table with enough to noise raise the dead .
tr	O	My Tucson nostalgia was still going strong , so in some ways , I didn 't mind driving all over .
tr	O	Tony 's eyes darted to the door , and a guilty flush reddened his face .
tr	I	I study him as he continues to dance around the rim of circle the , teasing and tormenting the demons .
tr	I	Let me do what I came to here do .
tr	I	But I 'm just not doing it for myself , she thought , thrusting out of her mind the sudden surge of self-doubt .
tr	O	Munro was the first to reach camp .
tr	O	Especially after she 'd spent the night with the man who could take Sam away .
tr	I	The tornado picked up speed and intensity it as roared down the street .
tr	O	As quietly as I could , I pulled open my door .
tr	O	He glanced at me , and my heart lurched .
tr	I	I put my hand on cheek his .
tr	I	I weaved in and out of rooms avoiding giant slabs of stone that could have crushed easily me .
tr	O	Harlow lit up a room when she walked into it .
tr	I	he asked me answer in .
tr	I	What is on going ?
tr	I	I close the door behind me leaving in Victoria silence .
tr	I	As I watched them , I realized that were they all grinning .
tr	O	Ethan sat up then .
tr	O	She was human , yet not normal , so different she could never be accepted in the world .
tr	I	At least could I do that .
tr	I	Egwene did speak of this event , and I find did it incredible then , too .
tr	O	I didn 't mention anything about Rio ; I wanted to see his face when I brought it up .
tr	O	Even I didn 't jump first .
tr	O	They finally released each other and just stood staring .
tr	I	-- Lucy turned her head away and didn answer 't , she was just standing with arms folded -- But can I go In ?
tr	O	I was so worried about him .
tr	I	She turned me to .
tr	I	He reckons it real 's too . '
tr	O	I had no idea .
tr	O	He 'd been with his girlfriend , Angela , for close to a year .
tr	O	Bland in and out of bed .
tr	I	I throw my hands up in air the to further show my dissatisfaction .
tr	O	Dove is still strung out and fretful , and I don 't think she 'll touch her hay unless I 'm out there with her .
tr	I	His accommodations were comfortable , and he didn 't charge much for a to sailor sleep on a table -- or underneath one .
tr	I	He said something to Kenzie , and they both turned around and me gave dirty looks .
tr	I	I on the other hand felt the same as Catriona , but was prepared to use his and contacts put up with his annoying nuances .
tr	I	Kylie 's chest tightened the as memory of needing a hug at Nana 's funeral came barreling back at her .
tr	I	That request was safer than delivering any of sort message .
tr	O	What good were bouncers who couldn 't control one guy ?
tr	I	To head the in direction of the open water gave her such headaches she fell to her knees , blood pouring from every orifice of her head .
tr	O	In the CIA safe house , Jon turned on his heel .
tr	O	Cuthbert and I exchanged glances and shrugged at this .
tr	I	The sonic boom followed that was almost deafening .
tr	O	When I walked through the door , I headed straight for my closet to pick the dress I wanted to wear .
tr	O	Adam sticks his hand back , makes a show of finding my face and pushes me into the seat .
tr	I	She looked at over him her shoulder .
tr	O	But the sick feeling in my gut as I tried to gauge his moods ?
tr	I	Other rooms housed a cafeteria , a medical laboratory , and a station radio .
tr	I	I barely get back in my chair before have I to go again .
tr	I	My friends and I were planning a road trip Charles in 's Hummer just to mow our path over fields of poppies .
tr	I	He stared at down the bright red paint splattered across the black fabric of his suit jacket and gray shirt .
tr	I	Besides , she 'd been ill enough times in her adult to life know just how lonely it was .
tr	O	Just as well he did .
tr	O	Planting the other arm , he pushed and lifted himself through the opening , and rolled onto the floor of his own bedroom .
tr	I	I even started something new before I to got writing this letter .
tr	O	Teresa didn 't hesitate .
tr	O	I felt its warmth through my body as I pulled more and more energy from it .
tr	I	I was envious of their easy of acceptance each other .
tr	O	The completion of that task is the purpose of thy life .
tr	O	She looked straight at Paul as she said it .
tr	I	Shane groaned and put his cup coffee of down on the table .
tr	I	Fallon closed eyes his .
tr	O	With her energetic personality , it was hard to gauge what Mrs. Chambers thought about me , and about the wreck .
tr	O	It was now Sunday , just after three in the morning .
tr	I	I gently both take of his hands into mine .
tr	O	Again she waited , and again , after a moment , he continued .
tr	O	This time Jackie 's laugh is bitter , mocking .
tr	I	I watched her pile food onto her tray with reckless abandon , apparently not needing any help to figure out what what was .
tr	O	Joe didn 't necessarily believe it , but he had always found the old house to be unnerving .
tr	O	So it felt more than a little strange walking alone through the empty corridor that led to the Gallagher Academy hospital wing .
tr	O	Della could sniff out vampires a mile away .
tr	I	Kate watched 's Julie cheeks start to blush .
tr	O	To their credit , the Central Cyber Corps of FRN created mass chaos and confusion among the ranks of the evil underworld agency .
tr	O	He derived immense satisfaction in mothering her .
tr	I	I wanted to keep her attention me on .
tr	O	Working quickly while watching everything around her , she transfers the backpacks from Nathan 's front seat into the trunk of her car .
tr	O	He lowered me back onto the pillows and kissed my lips , my jaw , my forehead , all the while still stroking my cheek .
tr	I	He flicks his tongue to hold in what little moisture his body holds , not daring to any let of his precious fluid escape .
tr	O	Something sharp had worked its way up through the soles of my Doc Martens and wedged up between the toes of my right foot .
tr	O	Daren 's brother , Eric , did once go to the mausoleum and provided an account of his experience .
tr	I	It was a era different back then .
tr	I	The creature made no sound as it fell back , its hands clenched its chest as it began its wither death upon the ground .
tr	I	She leaned into him , resting her body his against side and she let her head drop to his shoulder .
tr	I	My fingers , for reason some , were shaking .
tr	O	We will need to check for a septic system and well water .
tr	O	' Not just now thank you my lovely ' .
tr	O	Grace nodded and decided she didn 't want to discuss their evening out .
tr	O	I sit beside her , looking out at New Sea for a while .
tr	O	What could he hope to get from me now ?
tr	I	He set the cups and down dashed over to the phone .
tr	O	But I had seen them slaughter and devour so many humans and vampires alike that I was almost numb to it .
tr	I	His free cupped hand my face .
tr	I	So much looking for nice for my appointment .
tr	O	I remembered Sophia had said .
tr	O	Yet he could shed tears of grief over a murdered brother and could feel compassion for the fate of his tiny niece .
tr	O	Her mom said the shrink could help her work through them , but how could she do that when Kylie didn 't even remember them ?
tr	I	Maybe then she 'll me let go back to my old school .
tr	O	The air cooled and with the sky dimmed Noah became too cold to travel .
tr	I	I will be confined and hopefully not beaten and put off the day next .
tr	I	Her pupils began to shrink to tiny pinpoints , drawing Claire deeper into the peculiar spell the of girl 's eyes .
tr	I	I 'd rather not have too negative an experience while I 'm there over .
tr	I	Liz 's eyes bulged as she stared back and between forth the couple .
tr	O	No , the laugh went perfectly with those hands , with those lips , with that very brown , almost red hair .
tr	I	I glanced the out door .
tr	I	Peter let his head fall forward onto tabletop the .
tr	I	Their boots pounded the along steel floor .
tr	I	She had dreamt of this moment , prayed for it , spent last the four years preparing for it .
tr	I	A slight knock came at his study door before slowly it swung open .
tr	O	A small smile curved Eve 's lips .
tr	O	After all , I knew about the Iron fey , too .
tr	O	All of the things my imagination been taunting me with .
tr	O	He rarely did when they were on the run .
tr	O	Pushed me to tell her the truth ?
tr	O	Black dress shoes , gray dress slacks and a simple white polo shirt .
tr	I	I was so close to Cole 's place on Stockton Street I to decided visit .
tr	O	I wanted to groan at the interruption , but I was in business and my job was to serve my customers .
tr	I	And the kicked doors .
tr	I	I lifted my chin studied and him .
tr	I	What if the gown had belonged to Isabella mother 's all along ?
tr	I	Nothing forceful , just a snide comment here and there , enough to let us he know wasn 't happy about it .
tr	I	Locks of the current period were simplistic , some batches with produced the same key so as to be interchangeable .
tr	I	Fate was smiling down on today her .
tr	O	This monster scares me to death .
tr	I	An ache fills chest my .
tr	O	We don 't judge the girl because of her family , she would tell guests when they brought it up .
tr	O	My task was to keep you alive as long as I needed you .
tr	O	For another , as a single mother caring for a three-year-old boy , she already had her hands full .
tr	O	CS secret services know Zep 's people work in such ways also , see ?
tr	O	The harsh shrill of the telephone exploded in the room .
tr	I	He held the up half-eaten apple between them .
tr	I	We do want not to disappoint the Queen !
tr	I	Gray had never been more grateful to Beth hear 's voice .
tr	I	He was not trendsetter a .
tr	O	There was no glass on the carpet .
tr	I	Sara observed that most of the folks she didn interviewed 't say much about themselves but were full of stories about their neighbors .
tr	I	I drop them the onto coffee table and walk over to the envelope on the floor .
tr	I	And I supposed that was what Patch wanted ; me for to be in some other place when Hank killed me .
tr	O	Which is why the sirens are getting closer .
tr	O	She hadn 't thought about that in years .
tr	O	Evelyn grinned as Whitney hurried past her , then handed the plate to Allie .
tr	O	Joanna and Scott looked at one another .
tr	I	I called for servants the , asked for a horse , and I rode out .
tr	O	Jackie nodded , pretending to agree , and handed him the keys .
tr	O	The beast went ballistic , making a noise like ice cubes being crushed in a blender .
tr	I	She was left undecided and does not at move all .
tr	I	As Wells made it to the staircase , he noticed with dismay a sign reading Floor : 1 of 5 .
tr	O	Tightening its hold on me .
tr	O	Chapter Twenty Two Knowledge is Power , Knowledge is Demise When I walked into the kitchen a dozen or so bodies sat around talking .
tr	O	The ink smudged and then began to blur within the droplet of water .
tr	I	And I lost it , for the second , third , maybe fifth time night that .
tr	I	But if Cora 't couldn get her to come , I sure can 't .
tr	I	He into slid the back row near the door and simply stared at me .
tr	I	Little did know he that his life was about to take a radical turn and he would actually be gone for years .
tr	I	She needed to feel 's John arms around her .
tr	I	Mr. Big would be still able to operate unless I came up with another lead .
tr	I	She smiled him at .
tr	O	Perhaps she was lying on the floor somewhere ?
tr	O	I opened it to a blank page and drew a line down the center , then sat on the edge of my bed , pen ready .
tr	O	I laughed at his silliness , feeling breathless when he set me down on the ground .
tr	I	One was the giant in the blue T-shirt whom I noticed 'd hitting on her earlier .
tr	I	As soon as Riley returned , she apologize 'd .
tr	O	Shuffling her feet , moving awkwardly , she made her way into the room and sat down in the big overstuffed chair next to the fireplace .
tr	O	that 's what you said .
tr	I	Duncan poked the man the in face with the gun .
tr	I	He knew that by not him saying anything was exactly the answer he wanted .
tr	O	You have my leave to go as well , Lord Frey , Rivers commanded .
tr	I	Where we can find Conner Healy ?
tr	I	Another slip , and the tiny was infant in Sarah 's arms .
tr	I	He stopped momentarily and stared , bent over his luggage as feelings of regret and began self-doubt to emerge .
tr	O	It was a frightening prospect .
tr	O	He came to me and pressed a kiss to my forehead .
tr	I	It your is opportunity !
tr	I	She braced herself the against horror of it al .
tr	I	Is there any intention ill in his mind ?
tr	I	' I 'll treat you to a meal en-route if like you , Colin , ' Arnold proffered .
tr	O	Not if she wanted even one small piece of her heart to remain intact when she finally left his farm to go back to her real life .
tr	O	The guard nodded at me , a question in his eyes .
tr	O	Is that even a word ?
tr	O	T is none of your affair .
tr	O	I could barely breathe without him .
tr	O	He pressed the gun harder into my skin .
tr	I	Neither of one them had been ready to share the gut-wrenching , emotional things that they really should have talked about , helped each other through .
tr	O	Something told me that ages and ages of fractured details had suddenly come to their unified end ; and so my reason begged me not to believe .
tr	O	On the way , we pass a window and I see a gray , snowy dawn spreading across the Capitol .
tr	I	She grimaced and took another drag on cigarette her .
tr	O	Riordan sucked in his breath , slowing the pace just a bit so that MaryAnn wouldn 't notice .
tr	O	He could swear a flash of hurt crossed her face .
tr	I	I exhale , blinking my eyelashes open and then closed from the heated air bug and bites .
tr	O	From the exterior she silently searched the rooms for him .
tr	O	Why don 't you go sleep someplace else ?
tr	O	It 's what he 's trained for .
tr	I	He stared out into the rainy beyond street .
tr	O	Russ ignores Wes , puts his other hand on my shoulder , and looks into my eyes .
tr	O	My dad trails a few feet behind the group , admiring the artwork .
tr	O	Too late , I apprehended a different , more likely reason for his words .
tr	O	Zoe hadn 't thought about that night since the morning after it happened , but she still didn 't feel any regret for what she had done .
tr	I	Then she glared her at cousin .
tr	O	Nate wasn 't leaving any room for arguing .
tr	I	Though 'll we still have to stay away from each other .
tr	I	Although she had a sister , Jordan 't wasn healthy enough to have a relationship with her like the one Gwen suggested .
tr	I	Gail 's brother , Joe , sat at different a table with his two daughters .
tr	I	She had put the children to bed but wasn 't ready retire to herself .
tr	O	He took another step closer and she could smell his spicy cologne .
tr	I	The majority of them were small landowners : 100 , 200 , acres 300 .
tr	I	And the still birds sing . '
tr	O	God , I suck at this .
tr	I	The last thing I saw was him literally throwing himself into the air me at .
tr	O	Nolan chuckled as Cam got up to take care of his morning business and change into clean clothes .
tr	I	Adela when asked Liam returned from Jeff 's apartment .
tr	O	Maybe she 'd cut one in half , just for a taste .
tr	O	It 'll ease the soreness .
tr	I	There was even a train system to facilitate transporting miners the from the Nut to the very center of the main town in District 2 .
tr	I	Sara just knew that if Chara could the change past , she would have let her die from her knife wound .
tr	I	These took he gratefully .
tr	O	She put the bundle into my arms and I held a newborn baby for the first time in my life .
tr	O	He wasn 't friends with Sam at all .
tr	O	But he would be sure to keep a close eye on the papers until payment was received .
tr	I	High-quality watches , and leather bags , wallets and and such .
tr	O	I 'LL PICK YOU UP AT 7 .
tr	O	Summer , Rhea and I hit the dance floor and our bodies start swaying to the beat and we sing at the top of lungs .
tr	I	The air around him is filled with flying bladed slicing discs the flying snakes into ribbons of metal .
tr	O	We may have to lean on the fact that WPC Reichert is only supporting her father in this private matter , at least for now .
tr	O	Don 't do that again .
tr	O	The President of Morehouse College was wearing a new suit , new loafers but had forgotten to brush his teeth .
tr	I	He wandered about for some time , mapping out the and castle listening to any gossip he caught in passing .
tr	O	The headlights danced past me , and I ran out of my shelter of trees .
tr	I	Dr. Stuart exclaimed when we entered , forward hurrying to hug Rigel , then me .
tr	I	The idea of clothes getting from the woman that he shared secret twins with rubbed me the wrong way .
tr	I	He got up to flee the and room retrieve his keys where he had believed to have last left them .
tr	O	He explained the process to us later that evening .
tr	O	That chicken had definitely needed the big guns .
tr	O	If that ... keg explodes here , it will destroy the world .
tr	I	Didn fit 't in .
tr	O	She swallowed a lump in her throat at the truth .
tr	I	A sound of frustration escaped me as Osiris yanked me into further the hole .
tr	O	He saw a flash between the stalks as she bolted from her hiding place just before he could find her .
tr	O	Dale called , doing it again , this time on the other cheek .
tr	I	But it wasn enough 't !
tr	O	As he rose up , I noticed my notebook in his hand .
tr	I	And I didn 't help not - in the way you needed .
tr	I	Her tears slowed had and her mouth fell open as if she were trying to speak .
tr	I	She 's going to lose house her .
tr	O	She hoped she would still be there to see it when it was done .
tr	I	It hurts much too .
tr	I	The guy who used have to my job ... he just bought new things when the old ones broke down .
tr	O	Kain had been my only hope .
tr	I	She 't couldn know how it would all end .
tr	I	He parked the car and climbed out , smoothing his hands over jeans his .
tr	I	It wasn 't something be to hurried or to be offered as a token to woo a reluctant lass .
tr	I	I purchased five head of cattle from a farmer Hillsborough in and just had them processed .
tr	I	She could see where he had bled in hundreds of places the onto chain .
tr	O	The man 's phone rang and he was momentarily distracted as he answered the call .
tr	O	Later , after the house had been torn down and rebuilt higher up on the hill they stopped raising vegetables there .
tr	O	Deborah pulled the exact change out of her purse -- thirty-one nickels and two pennies .
tr	I	By my calculations programs these will significantly exceed tax revenues over the next 25 years .
tr	I	Not to mention all the other relaxing releases I 'd during had the night .
tr	I	They walked in silence and she wondered if 'd he forgotten about the third revelation tonight : he wants to marry her !
tr	I	But couldn she 't help it .
tr	O	He , d asked that once , in just those words , and she , d laughed .
tr	I	He found the shrapnel with Susan ; he remembered that she 't didn have a clue about the sentient machines .
tr	O	Besides , there were no others in whom he could place his trust .
tr	O	She turned around and shot me a cocky smile before taking off through the open entrance while I was left staring at her taillights .
tr	O	Unfortunately , Kylie could remember just how cramped it was .
tr	I	I don 't know where my best friend went or I where could find her again .
tr	O	They had worked closely together from the time Bill had moved to Oakland in 2008 .
tr	I	It was obvious she had a crush on big my brother .
tr	O	Chapter 2 Susan Opens Up I walked into my house and saw Susan sitting on the couch with Joey .
tr	O	You asked me why I came to New York and I started to tell you .
tr	I	I looked the over top of and to the sides of burnt buildings that were still smoldering .
tr	I	Elena just could see her between billowing yards of white fabric .
tr	I	My bodyguard all knows about these sorts of tricks .
tr	O	He 's already taken me to his bed .
tr	I	Wild boar is hunting dangerous .
tr	O	Today had been one of the most happening days of my life .
tr	I	As I head out of town I think about how long I 'm to going stay .
tr	O	I certainly didn 't know anything about cutting trees .
tr	O	After all , Leo had only been honest and courteous every time he visited Quarry .
tr	I	As the door slides shut behind me , I try not to wince at the that finality the sound of that closing door causes inside me .
tr	I	She what wondered had happened .
tr	I	Inside the circle , a pentagram had been drawn by Magnus , using a rowan stick that had burned the pattern of overlapping into triangles the floor .
tr	O	The paper felt stiff and warm in her hand .
tr	I	There was only the occasional plop of a snake dropping from overhead branches the into murky waters .
tr	O	He was fed up with the situation and just gave in , at least once it was over he could get a good night 's sleep .
tr	O	Yes , I was only addicted to hope for life after my eighteenth birthday .
tr	I	She asked his on thoughts the hands who wanted to work for her .
tr	I	He always used humor as a tool to free himself from situations intimidating .
tr	O	Only Clare noticed that he moved with difficulty at times , but Clare had other things on her mind and didn 't report the observation .
tr	I	Whatever it was Annie was certain it wasn 't as big a deal as made Caroline it out to be .
tr	I	Tania yelled something in return , but the wind drowned out both of voices their .
tr	O	I could even feel the heartbeat of the sentinel itself , the sudden fear as it realized the two warriors it fought were just a distraction .
tr	O	He ended up doing most of the grooming and all the tacking up .
tr	O	It might get people talking about us .
tr	O	Someone from her own clan had tried to murder her husband .
tr	I	A moments few went by in silence .
tr	O	That voice that could make you quake or dance .
tr	O	Making a joke of everything .
tr	O	With all eyes staring at them , they took their seats in the smoker car and Dan gratefully accepted the cigar that the sheriff offered .
tr	O	We came over with the dean and just finished up meeting with her and Dean Peterson .
tr	O	A wave of self-pity hits me as warmth from the drug crawls through my body .
tr	I	What does look she like ?
tr	I	She never seemed to any get time alone with him .
tr	O	These were made for me by a great spell caster .
tr	O	No one , not even me , was supposed to be out here .
tr	O	Ryan had been correct when he said there was no back-up plan ; it was all go and go ; there was no no-go permitted .
tr	O	It 's past midnight when I make it back home .
tr	O	Damn unlucky for him one of those few occasions happened to be now , when they were all around to witness the final implosion of his marriage .
tr	I	A Christmas was that a complete bust .
tr	I	All he her gave was an anguished look that made things worse .
tr	O	Only one range of what he built still stands , but this is enough to suggest a massive scale and richness .
tr	I	But she 's bit a too perfect .
tr	I	Cole 's foggy gaze met hers , watching as she arranged blankets the around him and fussed over him .
tr	I	Jeremiah had wanted him to the take little human .
tr	I	Where else would woman a with her skills work ?
tr	I	I couldn help 't but smirk .
tr	O	Her face was a mixture of fear and defiance .
tr	I	Edward held his out hand for the phone .
tr	I	Worn clearly in the dirt were signs that the pedestal had moved been .
tr	I	How I killed had a man who didn 't exist was certainly perplexing .
tr	O	Dinner at the Space Needle .
tr	I	I could the hear uncertainty and shakiness in my tone .
tr	O	He ushered her though the door and they took the elevator .
tr	I	Rainier 't wasn stupid .
tr	O	The plasma blinks into blackness .
tr	O	Could you take the tea things and then ask Wong to come up here ?
tr	I	She gave Ryder bright a smile .
tr	O	Corry could write his own ticket .
tr	O	These are the lands we tread .
tr	I	Scarlet , however , longed for a mortal just as I did for vampire a .
tr	I	' Why you are following me ? '
tr	O	Dagmar was sneaking out the back of the castle when she saw her leaning against some fencing , her head on her folded arms .
tr	I	Whitney 's comment could reinforce idea that in her mind .
tr	I	But we clues have .
tr	I	Lina lowered her just head enough that he could stroke her .
tr	O	Messenger translated for Mr Briggs , they had been asked to bring some of their own weapons .
tr	O	And the wound looks infected .
tr	O	Vane looked down at the name on the card and froze .
tr	I	For once in her life , Serenity she decided didn 't care .
tr	I	She squeezed the woman 's hand , and tried her best smile to .
tr	I	Beth started running her towards .
tr	I	Even if he did have amnesia , as the other teens had reported , why would he hanging be out with kids ?
tr	I	I look where toward Phil is standing , and he walks over .
tr	I	Beppe also noted that , although the building old had the latest technology , he could not see any telephones or Internet access points .
tr	I	Nina wants to everything know Mom knows about the people who made the trip west from Kansas with Grandma Vera .
tr	I	She left and with returned a tea bag .
tr	O	She clutched the edge of the table to keep the room from spinning .
tr	O	Talk to Liz about the salary , the hours , and how we deal with the tips .
tr	O	She led him to the door of her condo .
tr	I	For the first in time a long time , he felt discomfort thinking about his life .
tr	I	My found eyes my car keys .
tr	O	Assuming they didn 't get chewed up and spit out by the firm , these junior associates would one day reach Sasha 's level .
tr	I	A tear leaked down my ... cheek not Sammy .
tr	O	He can 't hurt you here .
tr	I	I knew I should say something to Dylan about fragments my of memory .
tr	O	Finally they camped for the night .
tr	O	Dr. Roth explained that blood work would be done .
tr	I	It didn 't even sound a like dirty word !
tr	O	Obviously not even Quinn 's strong presence seemed to reassure Sam .
tr	I	I gave him a smile , wishing I could more say , but the room was too full of other concerns .
tr	I	All Undine heads turn toward sound the .
tr	O	Sounds of distress and fear rose , and children were quickly herded away toward the cover of the jungle .
tr	O	From there the cave was divided into three corridors , with the central one less dark than the other two .
tr	I	I 't couldn help but ask .
tr	I	Jacqueline was she convinced 'd never be able to show her face in public again .
tr	O	It was a problem , though , and he didn 't know what to do about it .
tr	I	He looked at me horror with and then stood .
tr	I	Julian de was Laurent a complete jerk .
tr	I	He 't doesn remember anything .
tr	I	He had beheaded been .
tr	O	She was jogging down the hall toward me , her books in her hand .
tr	O	She touched his arm because he wasn 't looking at her .
tr	I	They ended matching up the gun to another shooting about six months later .
tr	O	It is time to hunt .
tr	I	I could see the cuffs and chains on the wall where I had being imagined before .
tr	O	I 'm sure you ladies will want to get out of the rain .
tr	O	She pulled the door open and looked at him expectantly .
tr	O	Something in her tone worried him .
tr	I	He out rushed of the room .
tr	O	To him , the fuss over slavery was just that , a fuss ; he had no stake in any of it .
tr	O	Things went pretty good there for a while .
tr	O	We get out and look around .
tr	I	She her pulled hands from her eyes .
tr	O	Lisa pictured those dark hills , imagining the same shadow penetrating deep underground , leaving no life in its wake as it slowly rolled across the landscape .
tr	I	I Dr. trusted Gallo implicitly .
tr	I	He hesitated , then hugged close me .
tr	I	Their involvement never could be accepted openly because of his high-level marriage .
tr	I	We certainly 't don want to go back to the days where people get smallpox or measles or mumps or whooping cough or even shingles .
tr	I	But now he too was strong .
tr	I	Hayes laid it on thick beside right me .
tr	I	Jeremy his shook head .
tr	I	Shocked , Beth watched the drastic change in host her .
tr	O	Oliver lowered his weapon at the sight of his fellow squad members approaching and started to hang his head in shame .
tr	O	The place we 're stuck , whether in the Otherworld or the Mortal one .
tr	I	Between them , they had gotten the BOW unstuck continued and with the deliveries .
tr	O	She unnerved me with her long false stares as she danced her clothes off and climbed atop the table .
tr	O	It was in good condition .
tr	I	He rolled over , taking her with him that so his weight would not crush her smaller body .
tr	O	Because that 's the most I 'd ever take with anyone .
tr	O	I saw him staring at some of the smaller boys and figured he was up to no good so I wanted to divert his attention .
tr	I	the vixen witch laughed from everywhere in sky the .
tr	O	There are not that many auto manufacturers who make limos .
tr	O	He 'd seen the shock in her eyes when he told her his place was around the corner .
tr	I	It squeezed shut after only couple a yards .
tr	O	She 'd loved her job , thrived on it .
tr	I	She knew without looking that had Will gone .
tr	I	Besides which , she had never met a man yet didn who 't think that a no was just a yes waiting to happen .
tr	I	It have should been a mess , but he looked gorgeous , like he was in the world of the reception but not of it .
tr	I	She back ran to the staircase .
tr	I	Dinah to decided talk to Dickens .
tr	I	I never found a leak in passion his .
tr	O	The woman 's voice trembled .
tr	O	How dare a politician talk down to me this way !
tr	I	It so 's annoying .
tr	O	She kept her arms tight around his neck and tucked her head in the crook of his shoulder .
tr	I	Her eyes made had him want to see her face , and today when he had , he could scarce believe rumor called her plain .
tr	O	You have a great vacation , Joy .
tr	O	How can he walk away to Puerto Rico or Paris or wherever he ended up ?
tr	I	His words felt like caress a and it was taking all my strength to keep from shivering .
tr	O	I passed the dress out to her .
tr	O	His voice is like a snuffed candle .
tr	I	She had into changed a white bikini .
tr	O	He was instantly suspicious .
tr	I	How it was they had never had this conversation ?
tr	I	Should stop she to offer help ?
tr	O	Dropping her bag and cell phone onto the desk she slid into her chair and breathed a sigh of relief .
tr	O	He looked out the window and decided to go and swim his laps now ; he hadn 't had a chance to do that this morning .
tr	O	We all stare at her like she 's lost her mind .
tr	I	If this was just a café , she would be content with a drink but ordering not any food would have raised eyebrows here .
tr	O	It really seems to me that the Shadowhunters of Manhattan ought to have stepped in before now .
tr	I	Then hear I the door fly open , and my mother screams .
tr	O	Suddenly , it dawned on Nick why Buzzard hadn 't shot him yet .
tr	O	She 'd grown to care for him too deeply .
tr	O	Never mind splitting driving duties out of fairness and equality ; I 'm going to need to take the wheel just to avoid whiplash .
tr	O	I crushed the wrapper and in my pocket it went .
tr	O	Derek was waiting for her .
tr	I	It wasn 't good a feeling .
tr	I	Marcia began , hardly a taking breath .
tr	O	Now I 'm stood in the lift lobby , unsure what to do .
tr	O	Or maybe the staggering was simply because the texture of the ground was changing .
tr	O	' Tell it to open . ' '
tr	I	He started to pitch forward , but suddenly William there was , pushing him back onto the bed in disgust .
tr	O	Abigail stood up , popped open her bottle of water and took a drink .
tr	I	Maybe he because looked shocked to his marrow .
tr	I	But the dragon arose from the waters in pursuit , hot with and rage with steam rising from his flesh .
tr	O	I was working a few blocks away at a convenience store .
tr	O	He was even better at keeping secrets than Ash was .
tr	O	At the same time , it brought a purpose to his life .
tr	I	What did ever I do right to get this kind of reward ?
tr	O	Crying , I screamed hysterically and scoured the undulating water .
tr	I	While ignoring the throbbing pain , I stood up , quietly opened the outside door , then and crept inside the garage .
tr	O	As she ducked back into the sorting room , she saw him gingerly take the pen from the Crow .
tr	I	Sometimes he was darn so cute , especially with that dimple .
tr	O	Saber crawled through the brush , stalking the enemy .
tr	O	She cried more when she saw them .
tr	O	And she was certain he 'd never been there either .
tr	I	His teeth clenched and his hand balled into hard fists when spoke he the name .
tr	I	We set fire to the materials and threw them the down street .
tr	O	He knew before he entered the living room that Daemon was listening to one of those TV channels that played nothing but music .
tr	I	' My heart leads nowhere me .
tr	O	We returned to our seats as things quieted down .
tr	I	They were all identical to the ones the had man shown them before , black and desiccated .
tr	O	It made me angry with myself and determined to get it out there today , even if I had to ask her point-blank .
tr	I	Who what knew else he had up his sleeve ?
tr	O	His eyes turned to the sofa .
tr	O	This was the dumbest thing I could have said , since he had just answered me .
tr	O	Evy shut her mouth , despair wringing the breath from her lungs .
tr	I	I wasn 't surprised see to her .
tr	I	His focus recent in months had been on the Singapore deal and his recon work on KCL had been done before Everett died .
tr	O	Although he is addressing me , I see his eyes scanning the monitors before they come to meet mine .
tr	O	They were his brothers , his blood , not just some burdensome responsibility .
tr	I	Severance had been short-tempered with her since he had used his knife against the man who had tried kill to her .
tr	O	You will not be attending your sister 's wedding .
tr	I	Hiro tiredly asked , dropping into the seat across from Soul and rubbing his head .
tr	O	She had a crisp accent I couldn 't quite place .
tr	I	So , here 's a debit card for you to use shopping , with enough funds credited at to least give you a good start .
tr	O	Kyle was wearing the same jacket he had worn at the creek .
tr	O	It emitted a roar that might have made me cower if my roar wasn 't far more intimidating .
tr	O	I reach out a hand , to help or soothe or something , but then pull it back fast .
tr	I	The more she ran , the more she was certain the had jaguars been on her sister 's trail , tracking her .
tr	O	The doctor soon tired of his game of cat and mouse .
tr	O	Quickly , she pulled it closed .
tr	I	Constance turned slowly to see Deputy Broderick with his own weapon trained on her .
tr	O	Still , it was definitely Drake .
tr	O	His hold eased on her .
tr	I	I your beg pardon , but it is a chicken .
tr	O	You can 't pull the plug on this .
tr	I	There 's an underlying meaning to his tone I and wonder just what he knows about his father and his business .
tr	I	What so 's important about me ?
tr	O	All of us wanted to retain our sense of direction , to maintain the orientation we had developed coming out of the tunnel .
tr	O	She had no doubt he 'd understand what was going on .
tr	O	I tried to think of a polite way to phrase my next question but simply chose directness .
tr	I	Chloe slowly let out the breath she 'd been holding and waved while she calmly left estate the .
tr	I	At not least until the end of his life .
tr	O	He held it to his side , tip pointed to the ground .
tr	I	That 's more common you than might think .
tr	O	I pushed him off me and splashed him .
tr	I	I little had sympathy .
tr	I	Dried cicadas , it make into soup , it will make your eyes stronger .
tr	O	Damon stood , hesitating by the end of her bed .
tr	I	What of the old crone who gave her Edward dying words ?
tr	O	Each flash of light came at a perfect interval .
tr	I	Maybe 'd she call Clara and find out how things were going .
tr	I	Hooked up with some girl from here around named Tess .
tr	I	He shared their commitment to community and their in belief tradition .
tr	O	Then one day a letter arrived saying he could fill the vacancy of office boy at a big firm in Newcastle upon Tyne .
tr	O	Ben pulled out a concert flyer from his inside coat pocket .
tr	O	That frees me up to rummage .
tr	O	He won 't listen to me .
tr	O	She glanced around quickly , as if looking for something .
tr	I	Triumph blazed his from eyes .
tr	O	And I didn 't care if that meant I was trusting or stupid .
tr	I	Kira had picked me up about a block away from Aiden 's house driven and directly to Good Samaritan Hospital .
tr	I	Teeth clamped onto shoulder her .
tr	O	Patty was on high alert .
tr	I	Part of me wondered if was it going to be enough , simply because we had no idea what waited in the loading bay .
tr	I	She opened the door and stepped to the as side I stepped in .
tr	O	I thought I could convince her to treat the other girl better .
tr	I	She almost the missed shirt and he smirked , making her jerk her face away .
tr	I	' While the all time you were secretly feathering your nest .
tr	I	As I reached him cleared I my throat and chided myself for acting like a swooning school girl at a boy band concert .
tr	I	With a persistent urgency in both his step and manner , he entered office the and approached the desk of the pear shaped man .
tr	I	She was startled awake by a tap the at door and hurried to take a peek then jerked it open .
tr	I	There were so many them of .
tr	I	That 's I why was gone so long .
tr	I	The clamor again died down as everyone recognized the determination and certainty in 's Shaheen voice and demeanor .
tr	O	But , you see , Dear Friend , it isn 't Nicholas who came back .
tr	O	I wonder what they talk about when they aren 't talking about me .
tr	I	He shifted farther over her , his weight settling on of top her .
tr	I	Hart 's mouth as felt though it had been stuffed with cotton , and his eyes weren 't focusing .
tr	I	The elevator dinged , announcing we were at ground the floor .
tr	I	Two ago months , she just vanished .
tr	O	Then I led Missile by the bridle to the edge of the dunes and into the fields .
tr	O	Please , just tell the truth .
tr	I	I yank my down shirt .
tr	I	The forest around house the comes alive with it .
tr	O	To his wonder , though befitting to the sudden drop in temperature , a mist began to roll in over the ground .
tr	I	Do you see tear a in my eye ?
tr	O	My first response was that I myself was scarier than any ghost or monster .
tr	O	I stood at the private airport outside of Rosemary Beach .
tr	O	We 'd the greatest difficulty in getting into town ourselves .
tr	I	He hooked finger a under the cuffs , drawing her closer slowly .
tr	O	Without putting her down , I spun around and stalked back to the living room , then out the door .
tr	O	When do you pick it up ?
tr	O	Chris was barely six feet tall , with a gangly frame , and an honest , open face .
tr	O	When I get home I find a message on the answering machine from the school , informing my dad that I was absent from class .
tr	I	Hopefully I get can you onto the grass without drawing his eye .
tr	O	It was shocking to see him so feeble when he 'd once been so vital .
tr	O	He lowered his gaze .
tr	O	He 'd seen others among his kind fall into blood addiction .
tr	O	There was no other way to describe the feelings vibrating inside her chest .
tr	O	His legs gave out with no warning , and he sprawled in the brush .
tr	I	Beth smiled as she walked to kitchen the .
tr	I	She the slapped desk with such force the pencil holder bounced .
tr	O	I would go back the way I came , before walking back into town as I had previously done .
tr	I	I 'm not the pale , listless type , and I can count on one the hand number of times I 've been sick in my life .
tr	O	Devlin smiled and thanked the returning sergeant for his tea .
tr	O	And then there was silence .
tr	I	Only master a such as himself could possibly maintain such a fine line between life and death .
tr	O	The whole morning , as I went around doing my thing , I wondered if Josh had gotten the warrant to get a DNA sample from James .
tr	O	The great tree in the center towered over them with its branches twisting into a canopy of leaves overhead .
tr	O	It was pretty simple .
tr	I	Now this might be the last she time could be with him .
tr	O	I couldn 't believe I 'd just had a dream about him !
tr	O	He looked up at her , she looked tiny but at least she was still here .
tr	I	She 'd at waved him .
tr	O	I delved my hands deeper into the tangles of his hair , trying to snatch him back , but he shook me .
tr	O	She thought it would be good to get me out .
tr	O	She had always lived in Charleston but some of her family had moved to Massachusetts and the McGee family was returning from a visit there .
tr	O	A bubble maker dipped his wand and I walked through a shower of bubbles .
tr	I	That got his mind my off erratic behavior .
tr	O	' Well , in the first place , there 's quite a difference in your ages , I 'd imagine .
tr	I	They could help against them their much quicker opponents .
tr	I	No human ever could move this fast .
tr	I	Clearly he had spoken without permission from superior his , not to mention voicing fear rather than courage .
tr	O	Joe himself reserved his tears for later .
tr	I	The rest of day the passed quietly .
tr	I	I thought about sitting them down and reading it , but your would sister somehow come out of it smelling like roses .
tr	I	Nowadays , train they for sprinting and for combat .
tr	O	' I guess they do .
tr	O	He put down his reel and looked at Ray with a mixture of amusement and bemusement .
tr	I	When the warm water started to get her excited body , she shut it off mercilessly .
tr	I	Like a well-oiled spring bounded she up and made the shot from there .
tr	I	He watched as she spun the knife Rick had given her around her in hand .
tr	O	Finally a rifle barrel was thrust out of the protective slit .
tr	I	He was holding me , and my head was on shoulder his .
tr	I	How hated he her .
tr	O	It did not matter if David knew that he was wrong and tried to make amends .
tr	O	I was not going to let her get away .
tr	I	Her belly was obvious beneath the dress , but still it managed to conceal the slight bump while flattering her figure .
tr	O	His back started to arch and harsh sounds formed in his throat .
tr	O	And the sense of inevitability grew , weighing even more heavily on her heart on Monday morning as her solicitor droned through his view of the case .
tr	I	There was a to lot say .
tr	O	I could hear the thick emotion being barely contained .
tr	O	I wore shorts a hair 's width within dress code regs , and a button-up boy 's shirt that I hadn 't buttoned very diligently .
tr	O	He had lost enough people for one lifetime .
tr	O	I groaned , wishing we 'd skipped stopping by after all .
tr	I	The long thin stick in my hands feels by heavier the second .
tr	I	It 's given me a nice of bit profit .
tr	O	The only one who still stirs is me , but I am growing tired .
tr	I	As mentioned during my visit to Le in Louvre Paris , he 's said to have fathered 100 children .
tr	I	He cried out he as felt the cool night air for the first time .
tr	I	I could feel his eyes on me , but he looked away when glared I .
tr	O	By Wednesday , Mac had enough of the hospital .
tr	O	He was deep in conversation with a very thin woman with mad eyes .
tr	O	I hope to show it to you tomorrow .
tr	I	And yes , I wanted to tell you then , but I scared was .
tr	I	No more than a dozen people at sitting tables , grabbing an early midday meal .
tr	I	Claire stood there shaking , bat still cocked in the ready position , as the last guy scrambled off up the pavement and lurched away .
tr	I	She pulls herself to feet her , passing her parents without a word .
tr	I	There 's a difference a between challenge and murder .
tr	O	He suddenly heard a discordant noise .
tr	I	He hummed , his throat growing thick at the thought of hands her between his legs .
tr	I	There nothing was , nothing except an anxiety my love had banished to the winds .
tr	I	What we did not know is that we while were in Phnom Penh , the entire countryside near our home had been mined .
tr	I	He managed finally to get me to lean on his legs , and I rested on them .
tr	O	They were clueless , but not ignorant .
tr	I	Once , it was a weekend with dominatrix a .
tr	O	During those times I had self-respect , which always governed me the most .
tr	I	He pries it open and pulls a out -- clothespin ?
tr	I	Shine Royce , newest the member of the panel , hadn 't said three words all day and was simply drifting in the breeze .
tr	O	Jake stopped next to her .
tr	O	She started to whimper again .
tr	O	Unlike in my dream , his body here was warm .
tr	I	She pressed send , and tried to quell the butterflies her in stomach .
tr	O	We thought they were being playful or just lying .
tr	O	So she takes it upon herself , just to be safe .
tr	O	Quinn shook Albert 's hand .
tr	O	I could feel it in my bones .
tr	O	Not to Murphy or Tim or their wives .
tr	O	He grabbed the phone and hit number one on the speed dial .
tr	O	It felt like I 'd been slapped in the face , every sacrifice and decision I 'd made since becoming a vampire called into question .
tr	O	That had been a lie .
tr	I	Swirls of misty air stream away from her wingtips as she performs aerial an dance of joy and contentment .
tr	O	It was on the tip of her tongue to say he probably needed more of them to puncture his arrogance on a regular basis .
tr	I	After being relatively uninspired over the few past weeks , she suddenly felt a jolt of creative energy .
tr	O	I can 't think about this now .
tr	O	I raked a hand through my hair .
tr	I	When Dillon objected told they him that plantation life wouldn 't be safe without them .
tr	O	I rolled my eyes .
tr	I	Running finger a against a miniature skyscraper charm , he grazed my skin and a spark shot through me .
tr	I	The only downside was watching watch Perry Miranda .
tr	O	He rolled over so he couldn 't look at me .
tr	I	He stabs his needle back into the water bottle and again into his already battered and arm bruised .
tr	O	The man shrugged those massive shoulders , still holding the half-empty bottle of water .
tr	I	I needed a clear head to do some thinking , and Chance kissing me silly wasn 't going get to that done .
tr	O	He pushed and felt her depths pull on him .
tr	I	I noticed you have a picture of your cat pet on your phone .
tr	O	Gabriel simply held my hand and waited for me to infer what he wanted me to do .
tr	I	Isabel had tensed visibly next to me , preparing for me to see what was on next the sheet .
tr	O	Depending on how it was rigged , the rune could ignite at the slightest touch and trigger the bomb , which could blow us all sky-high .
tr	O	I drew my hand back from him , so I could think without the press of his power against my skin .
tr	O	And then who would be sorry ?
tr	I	Her face grew grim which quickened my instinctively pulse .
tr	I	What did do I to you ?
tr	I	She paused and such experienced a wealth of emotion that advancing even one step more would have been impossible .
tr	I	It was only natural Jill that and I would have distinct differences - I was a human , and she was a vampire , after all .
tr	O	Emma could not believe her ears .
tr	O	' Oh , you 'll have to hand over your weapons before entering .
tr	O	My heart begins to pound and suddenly , anger courses through me .
tr	O	We need you to tell us where he is .
tr	I	I tried to joke around but he was not still laughing .
tr	I	Now I knew he was about talking Miss Cordelia .
tr	I	A few minutes later , we in 're my truck , getting ready to drive down the road toward home .
tr	I	Everyone , please down settle .
tr	O	Abby tried to joke .
tr	O	When she 'd finished with hers , which shouldn 't take any more than two or three days , she 'd give her friend a hand .
tr	I	' I can 't lose someone else , ' whisper I to him .
tr	I	It 't didn matter that she 'd orchestrated her own defection .
tr	I	Asa 's eyes darted over to the stove , to the unearthly glow that flickered through the narrow of slits its door .
tr	I	Chapter Sixteen I stumble into worsening the storm .
tr	I	Have you ever thought about taking real a holiday ?
tr	I	Rush Finlay , badass rock star son 's , had a baby bag and a baby in his arms .
tr	I	From that day forward , no one was brave enough to the face wrath of the Pharaoh Tutankhamun .
tr	I	She reached out in to time catch her daughters as he snatched them from the back seat and tossed them carelessly at her .
tr	I	Then always he stepped in with more pressure for time .
tr	I	Conduct own his investigations .
tr	O	He grunted as he got the bar out of the latch .
tr	O	And even better , since she used Jericho and not anybody else I knew for almost certainty there wasn 't another douchebag to compete with .
tr	O	Alissa 's phone beeped after fifteen minutes of uncomfortable silence to let us know her mom was outside .
tr	I	The streets were emptier than usual , but he was used to travelling and to from work at peak times on weekdays .
tr	I	Sure , I was several levels below her and I catch 'd up eventually , but my goal was to be the best dressage rider I could .
tr	I	The Nomads , heading were for the home of the city dwellers , it was not far away now .
tr	I	But he 't hadn .
tr	I	The pain in my stomach flared mightily , and nearly I doubled over .
tr	I	Finally the rain down tumbled , the sky vibrating from the rumbles of thunder and lightning came dangerously close to the boat .
tr	O	After what seemed like a lifetime of dreams had passed through his mind , a vision of the Princess Indra appeared to him .
tr	O	... Up in the house Damion expected his guest at any moment .
tr	O	Soon after Toni arrived , Tessie was there to greet her .
tr	I	The plain white of the fabric was covered in intricate designs of gold green and .
tr	I	I craved independence and admit I was looking for some of type adventure .
tr	I	Chapter One night Last , Sixty Minutes ran a segment on Judge Judy , which I made a point to record .
tr	O	It turned out this was very typical of her .
tr	O	Marcus , dear , you really must get better at observation .
tr	O	Corrado 's heart , a decade later miraculously holding steady on the cardiac monitor , grew stronger every passing day .
tr	I	' I dreamt you of , ' she said .
tr	O	Her sun kissed skin was free of any hair .
tr	I	Theirs had a been good marriage .
tr	I	I glare him at .
tr	O	A few desperate screeches of a melody was all she needed to be safe again .
tr	O	His mouth opens as if to speak , but then his features turn black and he takes a foreboding step toward me , lips parted .
tr	I	' Go way that !
tr	I	She doubted that her baseball bat would dissuade anyone from coming after her if they truly were interested in doing her harm .
tr	O	He heard the sadness in her voice .
tr	I	No , a not damn thing .
tr	I	I counted of two heads , girls around my age or perhaps slightly older , just outside the door .
tr	I	But couldn he 't do it .
tr	I	He smirked and me eyed .
tr	I	Robert hooked his arm around 's Jamie neck and pulled him roughly against him .
tr	I	I noticed the woman who 'd kept doors the from closing surreptitiously peeking up at him from beneath her lashes .
tr	I	Her arms stretched out , her palms wide open holding spear her with two thumbs .
tr	I	The one who ran off the with girl is named Christopher Columbus .
tr	O	After all , you were gone for the last seven years .
tr	O	Why didn 't you speak up ?
tr	O	There 's no replacing Leonardo , but we do have a case to solve .
tr	O	Pierce doesn 't even bother responding to her accusations , just turns his palms upward and shrugs .
tr	I	It would mean that it was less likely that and Jeremy Cartier are involved in this together , and it might provide an alternative suspect .
tr	I	In a way that was almost to impossible describe , they seemed to be more real than others around them .
tr	O	We placed a spell on them so that they would glow with a cool light .
tr	I	I don 't know where my tongue went but I haven 't really had a conversation anyone with my age in a long while .
tr	I	He raced his way the through maze for the door .
tr	O	She didn 't like the book but thought it was important to keep up with some reading .
tr	O	Tara put a hand on one hip and cocked her head to the side .
tr	O	Her olive complexion absorbed the light and radiated it outward .
tr	O	Dr. Montgomery settled in her chair .
tr	I	The tips of Squall ears 's were definitely turning pink .
tr	I	While at gazing my muscular physique , she asked if I had come to the school to join the football team .
tr	I	This place 't wasn where she belonged , and soon enough , she 'd be leaving .
tr	O	He looked at the shoreline where she was pointing .
tr	O	Kenny held up Amy 's Stone above his head so the light was directly on the picture .
tr	I	He roared with laughter turned that into a growl .
tr	O	' You wouldn 't like to stay ? '
tr	I	Warren took a toward step the cat and it bolted , body stretching long as it raced fluidly away .
tr	O	I interrupted , karate chopping the awkward air .
tr	I	She was always ignored until she openly involved in herself something that garnered everyone 's attention .
tr	O	We 'd been there four years before I even heard the gan word for father .
tr	I	It glowed brightly the as rock shifted , creating an opening .
tr	I	I had conversation a with Joseph this afternoon .
tr	I	We will cross this tract of with mountains you .
tr	I	I 'm sure they would glad be to arrest me for murder and forget that this case ever happened .
tr	O	He 'd had a credit card delivered with a note explaining that the dinner was black tie .
tr	I	Although we are experiencing localised difficulties , there is nothing to about worry .
tr	O	He felt ... he didn 't know how he felt .
tr	I	My phone said there was an close airport to the bar , so if I could find a plane , I could charter us a flight home .
tr	O	Not to mention I hate this school .
tr	O	She could see the gleam of the silver chain around his bare throat , lit to a white flare by the starlight .
tr	O	So many lies had already been told .
tr	I	An unfamiliar of air determination fills my voice .
tr	I	Her father under folded the threat , and the marriage was soon annulled .
tr	O	This time Henry had actually taken Paul 's girl on a date .
tr	O	Grant 's shoulders fel , and his eyes lowered to his desk , despondent .
tr	O	But I had never known any of that .
tr	O	But der name Vimes ... Dat name means a lot .
tr	I	Even so less now that Skyla just wandered in with her stepbrother .
tr	I	Fabrizio happily to agreed everything , including the broken bones .
tr	I	He someone deserved whole and she had to get out so he could find her .
tr	O	I was almost certain the studio I 'd seen had been in an apartment building .
tr	I	Weighed by down the darkness , by horror and confusion and pain and the inability to breathe , Mouse collapsed to the dirt floor .
tr	O	However , for almost three weeks now he had been holed up in a freshly painted room with no windows in the center of the CC .
tr	O	There were bodies littering the road .
tr	O	His profile was harsh and haunted .
tr	I	What we didn 't know that was we were actually the flies in the trap , not the spiders .
tr	I	That was when the light turned green and the sign gave me permission to walk away from Freddy , which did I .
tr	O	Golden chose the latter .
tr	I	Our hearts 't weren in it .
tr	I	The garden was about thirty feet and long fairly narrow .
tr	O	This one looked dusty and deserted with only a few pieces of debris lying around .
tr	O	He did as she said .
tr	I	At my command , the baby was to be taken and burned with fire , lest gods the curse us with further trials .
tr	O	He reached back into his blue jeans and removed his only remaining violet .
tr	O	They unleashed a few more punches to keep their victims dazed before dashing off into the night .
tr	I	He took all the air from room the .
tr	I	It still was , a pale stone building along set the square .
tr	O	But painting and fixing things didn 't provide the creative challenge that snowboarding had , nor did it give him a goal to work toward .
tr	I	Dee had come and was now Mathilde coaxing into the water .
tr	O	They run the horses on the beach , a pale road between the black water and the chalk cliffs .
tr	I	And to it leave all to Resnick ?
tr	I	She talked about the friends she had when they lived in Alta , as if were they still there .
tr	I	He had an awfully good face poker .
tr	O	You 're making such a big deal about nothing !
tr	I	It took her a moment to realize that the person calling name her wasn 't saying it aloud but in her mind .
tr	I	Tony stood rubbed and his chin thinking .
tr	I	Lily scowled the at annoyance and accusation in his tone .
tr	O	Gideon was inside with most of the Order , everyone gathered and reviewing the map and coordinates that hung on the far wall of the lab .
tr	O	At the right time .
tr	O	He opened the fridge and stared into its depths again , hoping for something to have materialised over night .
tr	O	We kind of grew apart after he left for the army .
tr	O	Horses not at the front of the charge managed to stop short at the ditch 's edge , discarding their riders into the fray .
tr	I	The archway led to a room with a long table conference and tall padded chairs .
tr	O	Though I did see her occasionally , we weren 't as glued together as we 'd been during past summers .
tr	O	He touched my face and gazed at me , pulling away after a moment .
tr	I	The necklace she always wore glinted in the sun morning and her eyes flashed angrily .
tr	O	I thought I 'd feel brave .
tr	O	I said as Thom walked up behind me .
tr	I	She 'd taken a brief vacation there with friends it ; was the longest flight she 'd ever taken .
tr	O	She wore a blue suit , high heels , and a lot of makeup .
tr	I	She yawned and desperately turned the television to channel rock music videos .
tr	O	He then sauntered back to my spot in the corner and smiled .
tr	O	Grinning like the Cheshire cat , I scoot out of his hold .
tr	I	I knew that it was time to come out the with truth .
tr	O	I didn 't know what to do with the attention .
tr	I	There was a lot to admire in Celia , a lot of talent , but she also had full a measure of the selfishness actresses sometimes have .
tr	O	Lucy began darting nervous glances at me .
tr	I	The humped body of the big buck kangaroo sprawled like a seal sleeping by the side of the road .
tr	O	The dwarf shuffled forward .
tr	O	Devin called and I promised to meet him in the parking lot after work .
tr	I	But I cannot imagine what possessed to her do this to you and Douglas .
tr	O	I 'm willing to give it all up for you .
tr	I	Depending on a hero can sustain 't them forever .
tr	I	He had been so excited about his first voyage as a sailor that they could stay hardly in the same house with him .
tr	I	He means to walk away , but I his grab forearm .
tr	I	Had that real been ?
tr	I	To my mind , books offered both entertainment and reward , but the recitation best was left to those who excelled at it .
tr	O	Antonio was still staring aimlessly into the distance .
tr	I	There are no supernatural for curses me to contend with .
tr	O	He placed his hands in his pants pockets , and looked at his feet .
tr	I	Aunt Rachel asked Mary Ellen half a hour later .
tr	O	But it was a good thing you were right there and able to call when you did .
tr	O	Get far away from me .
tr	I	Mark his checked wallet and , much to his relief , counted one hundred and twenty dollars in twenties .
tr	O	His heartbeat kicked up .
tr	O	She looked around the room with a troubled expression .
tr	O	Her nerves stilled and the burn in her stomach subsided as sleep began to take her .
tr	O	* * * Of course that would never happen .
tr	O	Watching him , I saw the demon 's body slowly starting to melt .
tr	O	The body had become gnarled and tangled as the disease had clearly ravaged the body of this woman .
tr	I	If felt I in the mood to play power games , I 'd do it in the boardroom .
tr	O	The receptionist was a cute blonde thing , looked about twenty .
tr	O	She was planning to ask him to go to see a doctor .
tr	O	I laughed against his lips .
tr	O	An ancient oak tree stood guard over the spot , its gnarled limbs reaching protectively toward a small ironwork settee .
tr	I	It wasn as 't if this bathroom was big enough for girls to hang out in .
tr	I	I knew you 't weren ready , but I also knew you couldn 't stand the thought of me with someone else .
tr	I	I shook head my .
tr	I	It had clearly been cobbled together by different trying agents to find anything on her .
tr	I	Victor his shook head .
tr	O	I 'm nearly twenty so it 's time I moved out .
tr	I	Nothing else and happened she breathed easier .
tr	I	There millions are of dimensions , and each world has a different frequency from all its nearest neighbours , like radio wavelengths .
tr	I	The panty thief had struck homes of customers and one no had been hurt .
tr	O	The two Apaches caught below were quick to grasp the chance offered them .
tr	I	I 've known Carl for about two years , and , of course , 've I never seen this playful side of him .
tr	O	If you choose to live a normal span of years , I will be at your side .
tr	I	I was proud be to his son .
tr	I	She had to fight back , but not did know how .
tr	O	' The guys from the fire crew were looking for you . '
tr	O	Sandy had told her , in explicit detail , what it felt like to have a man worship her body .
tr	I	It was statement a of desire .
tr	I	I paused momentarily the at door to look critically at the hound sprawled just outside in the hallway .
tr	I	Even Cullen could that see .
tr	I	But didn she 't .
tr	O	He wanted to be in control , to own her , if only for a short time .
tr	I	The smells changed and the salty taste in the faded air , replaced with a fragrant rush of ferns and pine .
tr	I	Devon enveloped her as she buried her face his in neck .
tr	I	A refracting weave tied off a by simple knot sheathed the fork .
tr	I	Fellows ' Mackenzie blood obvious was , however .
tr	I	There was no he way came alone .
tr	I	At that time Daniels was a city councilman and liked a smoke good .
tr	O	From now , we will inspect and watch to make certain that the rejection is closely adhered to .
tr	I	And because they will remember life here , they will hate there life .
tr	O	I took his marble face between my hands and held it very tightly .
tr	I	By then we need to far be away .
tr	I	You are part of the Fae , and you under are my care and command .
tr	O	In fact , he was certain she wouldn , t. And he winced when he thought of her patronizing him , maybe calling him a beautiful boy .
tr	O	He moves back up to my shoulders , then my upper arms .
tr	O	gasped Helen , on the way to the restaurant door , pushing it open with both hands .
tr	I	She might as well keep this at next her duping .
tr	O	Seeing David preoccupied with Julia , Mark retrieved a pair of scissors from the kitchen and cut my bonds .
tr	O	And then I turn you in .
tr	I	They 've been pretty since inseparable .
tr	O	So that 's where it comes from , she thought .
tr	I	Our first flight didn 't leave for a hours few .
tr	O	With a muttered curse , he slid onto the bed next to her and pulled her into his arms .
tr	O	Her hands flailed over his shoulders , trying to drag him back to her .
tr	I	I made a move to follow him , but Raphael his put hand out to stop me .
tr	O	I 'll give you an edge .
tr	O	Instinctively , I jumped back before the wood smacked me in the face .
tr	I	It makes more sense to me than all those indistinguishable pictures you have normally to click on . '
tr	O	She even offered to dry my jacket .
tr	O	But Julienne would fight tooth and nail before she allowed that to happen .
tr	I	But there weren 't any crickets around at time this of year .
tr	I	But she nor wanted to meet her if she isn going 't to tell her .
tr	I	For moment a his eyes opened , staring at her with fierce resistance .
tr	O	The buildings all looked too close to collapsing to enter safely .
tr	O	He smiled at the sight of her and , unable to contain herself , she slipped through the door and into his arms .
tr	O	' It was Mr Whittle .
tr	O	' You 're right .
tr	O	Sandra finished her muffin and coffee quickly and started towards the dining room but Alonzo caught her by the left hand and pulled her close to him .
tr	O	Henry watched him go with a half smile .
tr	O	She walked over to Matt , still trying to get himself out .
tr	I	Considering all the melting on going inside of him any time he was close to her he could believe she 'd melted a couple of phones .
tr	I	And his brain had simply a made mistake .
tr	I	And I promise never to use to it cope with the shit I can 't handle again . '
tr	O	There were times during the day when he longed for the quiet of solitude but if anyone left him alone in a room he panicked .
tr	O	A lot of work was being done around the engines .
tr	O	I had to remember that .
tr	I	He pulled it up to the table with one hand , holding a disposable container of coffee in other the .
tr	O	Having him here with her almost made her forget about the troubles that awaited her .
tr	I	Mother me surprised at that point .
tr	O	Taking on a four-year-old and a teenage boy wouldn 't be easy .
tr	O	And then the young man 's red eyes fixed on the Prince 's black ones .
tr	I	She tilted head her back , running her hands into my hair as I bent and kissed lower , to her breastbone through her silk top .
tr	I	His wrapped hands in her hair and he pulled her , pouting , from her feast .
tr	O	I got most of it secondhand .
tr	O	I nod and look down at the potatoes she is chopping .
tr	O	He was quite far away from the others , and if something were to happen to him here , no one would notice for quite some time .
tr	I	The corner of the city that the fight took place in was blocked off on sides three , meaning there was little room to maneuver .
tr	I	It 's got a picture of a father , a mother and a with boy a baseball cap .
tr	O	What I want to say is you .
tr	O	He 'd bitten her in more than a couple of places but those wouldn 't show .
tr	I	I knew you 'd come with up a reason for me to leave .
tr	I	He said know he you from AHS .
tr	O	he finally whispers against my forehead , after minutes or hours have passed .
tr	O	That would have been a bitch .
tr	I	To my surprise Margaret didn 't immediately another voice objection .
tr	I	' This looks like it 's going to be one of those cases runs that and runs . '
tr	O	Her mind detached itself , as if she watched everything from someone else 's point of view .
tr	O	In a splash of water , Jimmy suddenly sat up , gasping for air .
tr	I	He tried sound to severe .
tr	O	But she wasn 't about to let a bunch of insensitive people ruin his first night out .
tr	O	I 'm taking you to La Maison .
tr	O	Now why don 't we go to bed ?
tr	I	Monty looked away before noticed anyone him staring .
tr	O	She tried to distract herself from what he looked like in his clingy gym clothes .
tr	I	The player now was standing behind Darlene and eying her French fries .
tr	O	Technically , he wasn 't in his grave either , but it felt good to have a place to visit him .
tr	O	But he couldn 't seem to escape the compulsion driving him .
tr	I	Her death incensed me I and avenged it .
tr	O	No ... it couldn 't be .
tr	I	He as swallowed he remembered that day and the agony that still lived inside his heart .
tr	I	Shock soars through me and strikes me in the chest , knocking the breath of out me .
tr	O	Parker knew she was right , but Parker also knew something she had not told them yet .
tr	I	There was something in 's Acheron past that his question brushed on .
tr	O	I froze for a second , slightly stunned by the casual reference to someone who had become so profoundly significant to us over the past few days .
tr	O	he interrupted , his eyes never leaving my face .
tr	O	I followed him for about five minutes until we came to a waiting area .
tr	I	For to someone kill .
tr	O	I can almost hear her now , urging me to flirt and crack jokes , or whatever it is girls do around cute boys .
tr	O	The whole inn was falling apart , splitting apart from all sides and falling to the ground .
tr	O	Ali had deemed sledding dorky after sixth grade , though , and Emily had never found anyone else who wanted to go with her .
tr	O	The air around him turned frigid , and the green leaves of the nearby plants frosted as he climbed the steps to the flagstone courtyard .
tr	O	Damn , he really did like her fire - loved the fact that she wasn 't afraid of him .
tr	O	She went over the side of the carriage , expertly working her way down until her feet hit land .
tr	O	Kevin pulled her to a sitting position and worked at the buttons on the front of her suit .
tr	I	A man lay in the where snow the boar had been .
tr	I	I want to make it for good you .
tr	O	I stand up and open the screen door .
tr	O	She motions me forward .
tr	O	I was a happy child .
tr	O	Amica walked in after him .
tr	I	I it pulled out and studied it .
tr	O	I 'm sure he believes that I 'm a fussy old windbag who runs around repeating the obvious .
tr	O	It made him wonder if Noelle longed for those simple things as much as he did .
tr	I	That was when I had my doubts Max about .
tr	O	Just use your wits and be careful .
tr	I	This was probably just his staged out way .
tr	I	Jane was on her knees digging through stuff the she had shoved into the small closet .
tr	I	Keith 's gaze fell as he shuffled feet his .
tr	I	And each time she 'd heard his voice the on message , her panic had escalated .
tr	I	I looked around the lobby and went into of one the corners .
tr	I	He a was little frightening .
tr	I	If hide you another key outside this building , I will find it .
tr	I	Caleb 's dark eyes to went her sore fingers as if he knew she was lying .
tr	I	Jacob smirked and jerked his head at the last his of troops .
tr	O	No one go off alone , and never forget he 's a highly trained killer .
tr	O	But if you stay here , we 'll create rides for each of them .
tr	O	I felt a rush of self-loathing for not keeping my opinions to myself .
tr	O	This must be where Jeanine develops the simulation serums .
tr	O	Her eyes widened in horror .
tr	O	Stacy prepared supper , and we sat down to eat .
tr	O	Butch spat at the ground .
tr	O	And there was Isabelle .
tr	O	His eyes were filled with concern .
tr	I	That was what seemed it to be .
tr	I	Jesse had no trouble remembering or Armand the theater .
tr	O	Reid 's eyes widened in horror .
tr	I	I thought about calling Charles and the same reason reared its head ugly .
tr	I	He changed into human form when threw I you , and I took advantage of his momentary weakness .
tr	I	Her venom me stunned .
tr	I	But when we were shown in , we discovered an orderly home not all different that from Wendy 's building .
tr	I	Nausea in built the back of his throat in hot waves .
tr	O	Police cars surrounded the truck and we were met with officers running toward us .
tr	O	She peered at me as we moved toward her vehicle .
tr	I	The guitars , drums , and other instruments before were him , silent , still , but he could hear them in his mind .
tr	O	Instinctively , I move toward Tess , shielding her with my body .
tr	O	He was desperate to contain his rage .
tr	I	Nick not was going anywhere tonight .
tr	I	Not even Church sent had anyone in his lifetime .
tr	O	They had never been friends .
tr	O	The flight was grueling .
tr	O	He walked a few paces and saw another .
tr	O	He watched the view with its never ending display of filthy deadness outside and sipped from his canteen of tea .
tr	I	The three of them , Philip , Gus , and Alice out went through the front door .
tr	I	Together they had begun the dig months sixteen ago .
tr	I	We 'll need a cart the for Dowager Queen .
tr	O	I was alone - alone with my own reactions , simply enjoying the way my body felt with no other interruptions .
tr	O	There is actually a trace of shame in the way he ducks his head slightly and doesn 't quite meet my eyes .
tr	I	He returned alive fall each , not a small accomplishment in itself .
tr	O	How do I know that Robin Williams died ?
tr	O	Rick had deliberately picked a round table that was small .
tr	I	I and struggled managed to pull his hand away from my mouth .
tr	O	The only problem was that she had told her friends that she wouldn 't go picking a fight .
tr	O	It draped in soft folds across her hip as she held it up for Winnie 's inspection .
tr	I	There will be truth between us , little one , whether it difficult is or not .
tr	O	The blue flames flared bright and brighter .
tr	I	As she walked , she to began remember the conversation she had overheard the night before .
tr	O	Why was she angry ?
tr	O	Updating the License : Wizards or its designated Agents may publish updated versions of this License .
tr	O	BG : I don 't know .
tr	O	Those who fell were trampled and ignored .
tr	I	I 've had of enough it !
tr	I	She put her hand over her mouth and concentrated on barfing not .
tr	I	A greater power does resist us and I will bow not to her .
tr	O	I carefully leaned over to see how it was going .
tr	I	I knew it 't wouldn change things .
tr	O	I help him find a little spaceship once used by humans who went to the sun and he gets back safely .
tr	O	Amy left and Calvin nodded so Raphael could turn up the volume .
tr	I	He fell into kiss her willingly , eagerly , and wrapped his arms around her .
tr	I	He offered a half-smile , but it was devoid of real any happiness .
tr	I	Tears down streamed his eyes .
tr	O	Everyone clapped and hooted .
tr	I	When she answered , Kyle told her was it about time she made her reservation .
tr	I	She parked the four-door Cutlass with tags Alabama and walked nervously under the sprawling veranda to the front doors .
tr	O	I present my left hand .
tr	I	I turned Jill to .
tr	I	To make the air heat up , he merely had make to the air particles move faster .
tr	O	What was wrong with him that the women always seemed to leave him ?
tr	I	A torrent water of crashed into the sub and drove Rachel back into her chair .
tr	O	A tiny white crab , luminous against the void , scuttled on top of my arms and headed up a slope .
tr	I	Dominic sent a small breeze building behind him , pushing the aroma straight into mass the of hungry vampires .
tr	I	He knew nobody could have crept up side the of his mountain without him seeing , and still , still he looked .
tr	I	she asked , her mouth now so close to I mine could feel her breath .
tr	I	Joan and Tom waited some for action , but there was none .
tr	I	I 'd be on that whether list you were here or not .
tr	I	Did she him know ?
tr	O	He kept it black and unsweetened , as he usually did when he wanted to stay awake .
tr	I	She could feel her body aging , her steps becoming and slow uncertain , her joints aching .
tr	O	But the arrest was a walk in the park .
tr	I	He was here to watch me die , not to save my life when he was the one who 'd put here me in the first place .
tr	I	He 'd done his best to keep his hidden beast from Danika .
tr	I	He got never out .
tr	I	I love you now for what we 've already shared , and I love you now in anticipation all of that 's to come .
tr	O	The cocoon pried off his body .
tr	I	It 's as though his life very essence is being drawn away .
tr	I	Even behind bars , Malcolm to managed win .
tr	O	The incessant knocking continued .
tr	I	Then I locked the jewelry with shelf the bracelet .
tr	I	You were stronger than I could have been day that .
tr	I	Now he was an outcast , an on outcast world .
tr	O	From far off above the treeline , he saw one , two and then all at once , a flock of colorful birds taking off !
tr	I	The wounds in my chest and arms were burning me up the from inside out , making me feel as though I 'd been set ablaze .
tr	I	Today , with Corr , it 's no different , only the outcropping stand we by is taller than the ones I 'd need for Dove .
tr	O	What she would find useful was determined by her expectations .
tr	O	' Your friend invited me , ' she said .
tr	O	The snowglobe world spun outside , all glittering crystal and frost .
tr	O	I have been since I was a kid .
tr	O	She doesn 't have a fierce look in her eyes .
tr	I	My stomach surges a in whole new way .
tr	O	He thanked them for a thrilling season , one that would not , however , be complete unless they thrashed Bergamo tomorrow .
tr	I	To have it made all the way here .
tr	I	When he tired of her he would dally and she would lie home at , as she was doing now , and burn for him .
tr	I	It was like being in the middle a of blitz , but as swiftly as it had begun it was over .
tr	I	The burden then was shifted to the remaining four bolts .
tr	I	On route our several laborers whistled at Violet .
tr	O	I turned away and the dam broke .
tr	O	Rory was certainly an adaptable creature .
tr	I	Her tardiness occurred such with predictability I could have put money on it .
tr	I	This ebook may not re-sold be or given away to other people .
tr	I	But don 't worry ; it your was first time .
tr	O	Between a rock and a hard place .
tr	I	When told she him why .
tr	I	It looked most unpleasant , it however got there .
tr	O	Her dainty white paws were always kept clean and the white stripe along the front of her body was groomed several times a day .
tr	I	And the meanest , vampire coldest Claire had ever met .
tr	I	Sarah makes her way to one the in far corner that she shares with three other part-timers .
tr	O	She smiled gratefully and did as he asked .
tr	O	This girl 's corpse has been spiritually and physically reanimated .
tr	I	He told me that he loved me more than anyone else in the world , more even than Mrs. Meyer .
tr	O	A boy so careless with his life that he ran with a gang -- yet scared of a second-hand needle .
tr	I	Sandy is enthusiastic about returning the to land .
tr	I	If he 'd gotten a little worse , 'd he have owned up to it .
tr	O	It was only then I realized I have a problem .
tr	I	he wondered , peering see to his tormentor .
tr	I	There were words more , but he couldn 't make them out through the tears that blurred his vision .
tr	O	Rat Hole 's voice seemed to surround them .
tr	O	Equally enraged , he stared right back at me .
tr	O	It was another one of the big reasons she 'd never mentioned her week with Ford .
tr	I	Stannard pushed open the big wooden doors and disappeared into stairwell the .
tr	O	The director said those words in a tone brimming with warning , but Locke responded as if the question had been posed in earnest .
tr	I	I look at him curiously as he sits on the edge of his desk in front me of .
tr	I	Wondering if his lust for her would ever sated be , he eased her to the blanket and followed her down with his body .
tr	I	DARK HEART & NIGHT SHADE PROJECT Published by Little Bird Publishing Smashwords Edition , License Notes ( This ebook is for licensed your personal enjoyment only .
tr	O	He watched them , his eyes almost lazy , the lids were so heavy .
tr	O	That 's so weird .
tr	O	But I could have been in one .
tr	O	Need makes me weak .
tr	O	- somehow the idea of wandering around while ' a ton of people ' are trying to kidnap you , doesn 't sound fun to me .
tr	I	If my own mother hadn 't thought I was enough , could how I expect Clementine to feel any differently ?
tr	O	Harry tried to play it off like he knew what Leonard was saying from the start .
tr	I	Hearing things could be tough 't didn bother them one bit .
tr	I	She gathered her wits and slowed down so that and Tristan Simon could catch up .
tr	I	Leaning in , she whispered something in ear his .
tr	O	Her eyes grow wide in shock but she laughs .
tr	I	He looked from side to side then eyes his stopped .
tr	O	In Isabelle , he saw an intriguing combination of weary life experience and innocent ingenue .
tr	I	His face was pale , almost white and his mouth open hung .
tr	I	An army of smiths and a mountain of ore must have been employed , or perhaps a lost art metal of magic .
tr	O	The piano tottered onward through the puddles for a little while , and then asked itself : ' Buddy ? '
tr	I	Unconsciously stepping away from his distasteful touch , Jocelyn lifted a hand the to amulet about her neck .
tr	I	The who man 'd given him up .
tr	O	he asked with a devastating grin .
tr	I	He never again wrote , and she hadn 't had the courage to write to him .
tr	I	She laughed , and as she settled beside the trunk of the tree golden , I picked one of the rubies and sniffed it .
tr	I	She her rolled eyes .
tr	I	I love the idea of with mating Molly .
tr	O	After Nate returned , Kat yawned and passed on the Diet Coke .
tr	I	The Maker brings its huge hidden and new brain online .
tr	O	Over yellow vanilla cake .
tr	O	Why had he done this ?
tr	O	A jewel of cum seeped out of the tip .
tr	O	I was so afraid that I 'd have to go back to that store and see that man again , everyday .
tr	I	It is ... the ultimate .
tr	O	Weirdly , that made me feel better .
tr	O	I was finding a whole lot of things I could tolerate more than I thought I could .
tr	I	Each of smiled them , for they knew they would soon be at sea again .
tr	O	The two vampires shot into the air .
tr	O	In my own time I will deal with it .
tr	I	The sound of it signaled always his presence .
tr	O	I continued gazing up at it , continued fighting its gentle pull .
tr	O	He was also on his own since both Nashville and Memphis were hit with nukes .
tr	O	But the affair in Vegas was all he 'd allow himself .
tr	O	His gaze shifted to the deep V of her dorm shirt .
tr	O	I point at my chest .
tr	O	She laughed and went over to him , giving him a big hug .
tr	O	The furniture and the rest of the house are left intact .
tr	I	Like an extension of his form , the light out shot from the immortal 's outstretched hand and blasted the hole in the wall .
tr	O	Allie 's jaw dropped .
tr	O	Julie took a deep breath of fresh air and closed her eyes around a bouquet of roses .
tr	O	She gave him a weak smile and took hold of one of his hands .
tr	I	He was having impossible an time putting Megan Fisher out of his mind .
tr	I	' But all is this crazy !
tr	O	It was all around him .
tr	I	High school photographs and are memorabilia scattered around the shoebox .
tr	O	Leon : I thought you 'd like to be the one who escorts Alma .
tr	I	And I 've been blackmailing woman a named Babs Mahoney -- see the clippings .
tr	O	She 'd never experienced anything like this .
tr	O	He didn 't answer , but that was answer enough .
tr	I	Nothing was what ever it seemed .
tr	O	It was quite important because in the outside world , the nights with their chill were just as deadly as the days with their heat .
tr	O	My eyes follow the line of her neck to her sloping withers and the slanting line her h * ps make low to the ground .
tr	O	The hawk and three towers were an omen of difficult choices to come .
tr	O	Strange ... or maybe not .
tr	O	Practically every sexual encounter they 'd had had amounted to pity sex .
tr	I	Ursula didn like 't it and made sure Rebecca got involved .
tr	I	Your is life not over ; it has just begun .
tr	I	If I was tea touching I wouldn 't be touching tits .
tr	O	Tiffany could see why .
tr	I	But , beneath far , like lava threatening in volcanic bellies , the bubbling of desire went on .
tr	O	A gust of wind blew across the platform and whipped my hair around my face .
tr	O	With a sigh , she tucked the tendrils of hair that 'd fallen from her loose bun behind her ears .
tr	I	Suddenly were they galvanized by a sound behind them .
tr	O	The sound of bullets amplified as it echoed off the walls .
tr	I	Ilona 't hadn realised that it wasn 't part of the wall .
tr	O	Oh , it was so much richer , fuller than anything he could imagine on his own .
tr	O	' Will do , ' she said leaving the lads to wonder if she 'd call .
tr	O	Matt waved an annoyed spatula in the air , but winked at me before turning back to the stove .
tr	I	Then she turned her attention from and me began looking up into the sky as the sun drove the darkness away .
tr	I	She was about to lift flask the when she heard him yelled on her .
tr	I	He stares off the in distance , remembering .
tr	I	He reached into his utility belt he and grabbed out a pair of scissors .
tr	O	He headed to his truck as Bash and Grace turned back to look at their new property .
tr	I	Uh-huh , that 's what old Bob doing was except he was doing it into a wall .
tr	I	There are still some trucks on the street , so didn they 't all run off .
tr	I	And we 're both to going take some deep breaths .
tr	O	He brought the hubcap to his lips .
tr	I	The tab was already paid and I pretended to nurse my coffee when it really had gone cold long ago .
tr	O	I looked to the other side of the bed .
tr	I	and she to laughed beat the band .
tr	O	This interest he 'd taken in the witch was unnatural .
tr	O	She would tell Damien what had happened .
tr	I	The fact was that we were in trouble if we continued without on caution .
tr	I	We duck into a cute little ice-cream shop that proudly offers flavors seven .
tr	I	Chase owed his one brother .
tr	I	And it was filling already up , even though there was nothing much to see except the workmen still hammering together a large stage by the lake .
tr	I	Ash was on the other side , and I didn 't what know was happening to him .
tr	O	I like the knee length ones .
tr	I	The voice singing the lyrics conveyed a husky of blend male sensuality and outpouring love .
tr	I	I scoot my pillow up toward the headboard and make myself comfortable , start then reading .
tr	O	I don 't know that the plantation was overly traumatic .
tr	I	She giggled again and put her hand over mouth her .
tr	O	He didn 't want to look back .
tr	I	She was exhausted , but she 't wouldn say no .
tr	I	She was fairly certain was he watching her though .
tr	I	He crouched down and peeked at Noelle , who slept contentedly one with small clenched fist raised above her head .
tr	O	A mild dislike brews in me for my nephew , and I 'm caught off guard by this .
tr	O	High heels clamored against the floor as a figure was silhouetted in the doorway .
tr	O	He knew she had overheard the conversation in the living room .
tr	O	The tension she 'd seen in him before seemed to drain away .
tr	I	Zook slowly walked to the invisible barrier that separated him from the crushing weight of sea the .
tr	I	He regarded thoughtfully her .
tr	I	She picked out a of couple tropical blends and placed them in her cart .
tr	I	He 'd known was Junior dangerous .
tr	I	All heads snapped him toward , and his sister 's expression fell .
tr	O	So , even though I believed that he believed he wasn 't feeding me a line , I knew different .
tr	O	I repeated this to myself as we walked .
tr	O	If Eric died , she 'd die too .
tr	I	He looked at her and muttered something his under breath .
tr	I	The slaughter had early made adults of them all .
tr	I	A few of Echo 's friends SOU from were able to borrow RV 's from their parents .
tr	I	He crashed the down chair .
tr	I	He dragged Ainsley around the circle until she laughed , and he twirled her hard when the circle broke into off couples .
tr	I	Everybody liked it so last much week .
tr	I	I didn 't anything say .
tr	O	He remembers how it seemed to reach down and touch his lungs , caught his breath , and made him smile .
tr	I	I often wonder exactly what happened down in the 40s room .
tr	O	Or maybe I was the crazy one , because my feet hadn 't moved an inch .
tr	O	She wouldn 't let this guy see that she was afraid .
tr	O	The silky voice purred .
tr	I	The Boss ; knew he had a difficult task at hand .
tr	O	Having nursed for a few minutes , she then fell asleep .
tr	O	He didn 't take his eyes off the other demon .
tr	I	But there was nothing ... ... enhanced about her appearance .
tr	I	He motioned with his pistol at the rubble and fire them surrounding .
tr	I	What 's surprising to me is normal how he seems , despite what happened .
tr	O	He held the building 's main door for me .
tr	O	... Nat showed up .
tr	O	In his mind , he saw Mairi making the decision to run .
tr	I	Handing me a dark woolen cloak draped I myself in it and tied it off at the neck thinking about how I just might have saved mine .
tr	O	His touch wasn 't the touch I was used to .
tr	O	( I hadn 't known Thomas was into girls , but I hadn 't really cared , either . )
tr	O	Shane stared at Eve for a long , long few seconds , then slowly shook his head .
tr	O	We 'd never be able to find - ' ' It 's a big city .
tr	O	How can he keep doing this to me ?
tr	I	The group having arrived within the mission walls , had Hank dismounted from his horse with difficulty .
tr	O	She had been so engrossed in her work she had lost track of time .
tr	I	A cock flushed pheasant hysterically around the bend of the draw on Scar 's side .
tr	O	The wind in my ears and hair is relaxing , enjoyable , for the few moments that I have it .
tr	I	Her words him surprised .
tr	I	I 't didn even like him .
tr	O	They quickly ordered before the waiter scampered off .
tr	O	There was no way that breaking glass had gone unnoticed .
tr	O	I mean , look at you ?
tr	I	Who else would be their in suite ?
tr	O	She 's my best friend .
tr	I	Whatever he 'd uncovered was in his now hands .
tr	I	She waited until he was gone before sprinting out to the curb and open wrenching the mailbox .
tr	O	When had she turned hateful ?
tr	I	The jeans on my legs were still intact , dirt no stained on it .
tr	I	Look , is this massively important .
tr	O	She stepped outside just in time to see her son crumple to the ground and promptly flew into monumental hysterics .
tr	O	I can feel it .
tr	O	Zoe ushered them to the door , pausing at the front desk where Francesca sat .
tr	O	' Mother and Louisa always wished it .
tr	O	It required two sturdy footmen to get Samuel up the steps of the town house and into his own bed .
tr	O	He raced back down to the kitchen and shone his torch into the garden directly below the second bedroom window .
tr	O	Then again , he might have news about my son .
tr	I	Dwayne a had steak .
tr	O	Walking up each hill with the change was hard , and his mind grew silent during those times .
tr	O	Uncle Fred had moved to Houston a few months after his dad ... died .
tr	I	I 'm unquestionably the most horrible , person selfish ever .
tr	O	What will come of them if I do as I intend ?
tr	O	Her breathing was deep but so soft Graham had to lean over her to catch it .
tr	O	He was fluent in Mandarin , Cantonese , Hokkien and Hakka dialects , and knew minimal English .
tr	O	But other situations , like this one , had arisen to obliterate at least some of those preconceptions .
tr	O	Wade sank down onto the cabin floor and started to put on his swim fins .
tr	O	Her voice barely above a whisper .
tr	I	If he went home now , he could get at five least hours ' sleep .
tr	O	' Worst case scenario is that we pick him up just before he boards . '
tr	I	His puts his hand on my and back we walk over to the edge of the roof and peer down at the city below us .
tr	O	He bobbed so close behind me that I had a hard time treading water without kicking him .
tr	O	I didn 't even think about it .
tr	O	The area in front of the Christmas tree was now crowded with the gifts his daughters had wrapped .
tr	I	I left them and stalked off down the toward hallway my bedroom .
tr	I	I don 't know they if have a temporary insanity plea and I don 't want to chance it right now .
tr	I	It didn seem 't he 'd thought much about the woman at all , regardless of how attractive she was .
tr	O	It had hurt badly when she abandoned me and we hadn 't spoken since , but I didn 't know who else to turn to .
tr	O	Can 't we talk this over a bit ? '
tr	O	It was wrong of me to assume an Irish servant girl doesn 't deserve the same respect as a woman of my own class .
tr	O	After he 'd left I shrugged into my night robe and prowled the corridors overlooking the courtyard .
tr	I	Dolores was also funniest the mom I 'd ever met .
tr	I	I put my arms around neck his and pulled him even closer .
tr	O	Lightning arced from cloud to cloud in a brilliant display .
tr	I	And time this , I suggest that you try to be a little more honest with me .
tr	I	Most agree it that was a collection of young nobles .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure I glad was to be here anymore , so I just stared at him .
tr	O	Alex was tired of that subject already .
tr	I	She was determined to not go back with Josh .
tr	O	Julian continued to stare at me with haunted eyes .
tr	I	It hurt even to about think , and she knew she was already in way too deep .
tr	I	James so shouts loud I flinch .
tr	O	We hadn 't gotten much farther before the first flash of light came from the forest .
tr	I	He focussed instead his on fellow passengers , standing idly around him as their platforms moved across the city .
tr	O	He didn 't have to wait long .
tr	O	You know , the one where they 're building another tunnel for the subway ? '
tr	I	Even the wine , well-watered , tasted better when I really was thirsty .
tr	I	Kaitlyn the felt shadow of alarm .
tr	O	She looked down to see Cooper again , but he was gone .
tr	O	That question hits me straight in the heart and makes it slam inside my chest .
tr	O	Somehow this didn 't surprise her .
tr	I	I have desire no to see more injustice aimed in your direction .
tr	O	CHAPTER NINE Sean woke , knowing Andrea was gone .
tr	O	The man at the counter cleared his throat .
tr	I	Our brains were more than likely focused on the ever changing world we a had front-row seat to watch take shape .
tr	I	Here comes it , thought Maurice .
tr	I	Perhaps ... the perhaps glow was all her own , natural .
tr	O	Her dimples made a brief appearance .
tr	O	All witches are beautiful .
tr	I	The other teacher rushes out of the room with a look stricken .
tr	O	No , that 's the ground .
tr	I	She wanted to and hurt punish .
tr	I	I 'd gone past needing all of the answers to just the ones that couldn I 't live without .
tr	I	Does it surprise you I that burn cherry and walnut ?
tr	O	Starlight poured through its three observation panes , each nearly the height and width of a man , and spilled over the carpet .
tr	O	This was supposed to have been a special day , and it had ended so badly that all Evie could feel was disillusioned .
tr	O	Sign-ups had been weeks ago , back when we were all still obsessed with the homecoming dance , and Cassidy hadn 't wanted to .
tr	O	Less than a week after putting that jersey on , he was one of the most popular guys in school .
tr	O	I made the finishing touches on my tablet and sent the graphic to her , hoping that she would find it acceptable .
tr	O	The surroundings became ever more dark and shadowy , the moonlight choked out of the air by some inexplicable haze .
tr	I	The doorway in collapses a noisy heap of rubble .
tr	O	We 'd arrived in an empty land .
tr	I	And Serena quoted 's Scotty words of that fateful day as if she 'd scripted them herself .
tr	I	Stephanie asked in a somewhat manner confused .
tr	I	But those humans whose dragon masters didn 't remember to take their pets and slaves them with were crushed .
tr	I	Then , stepping reluctantly back , he turned toward the kitchen counter .
tr	I	He had much more of open an mind than he 'd first thought .
tr	O	His hands finished with the clasp then laid his hands on her shoulders , turning her around .
tr	O	Ty pressed his lips into a thin line and nodded , not speaking in response to either statement .
tr	I	I moaned as I felt and heard tasted and her orgasm .
tr	I	Which means something 's happened you to .
tr	O	I was in awe of my father -- I wished I could defy him openly ; but I knew I could not succeed in that .
tr	O	She yanked away from him as if he 'd lit her pink streak on fire .
tr	O	Jess was silent for a moment , turning things over in his mind .
tr	O	I 've never had baby .
tr	I	Lorcan brought his blade up charged and .
tr	O	The hall fills with whispers of who should win the contest .
tr	O	When a man makes a moral choice two things are involved .
tr	O	Clint relaxed and began struggling with the ground again , the opening in the fence creeping closer .
tr	I	Tapping into his was libido a sure thing .
tr	O	Then the inside of his mind settled down , and he felt a warm breeze touch his face .
tr	O	It would produce the same result either way , and she had said it so sweetly .
tr	O	He planned to lavish attention on her and she needed to be willing to accept what he had to give .
tr	I	Thompson to tried keep all news from her but somehow this one item slipped past .
tr	I	I wish I could listen in on their conversation , but they 're both careful to say nothing until the bathroom door shuts me behind .
tr	I	I appreciatively looked to his podium .
tr	O	Eventually she would come to him .
tr	I	He shook off the panicked feeling as he walked through the black metal gate and to up the solid wood blue front door .
tr	I	Looking out of his window for a moment , Adam 's eyes fixated on the glow brimming of sunlight .
tr	O	He stayed at the shop as late as he could , organizing files and rearranging his office , simply because it was less painful than going home .
tr	I	The had storm ended .
tr	O	With an elbow on either side of my plate , I wrapped my hands around the huge burger and leaned in to take a bite .
tr	I	Yet if ever you found be by any man of Gondor astray without him , the doom shall fall .
tr	O	He had lost that urgency for it to be now .
tr	O	What the Mint needs to see it through is a man who understands the dream of currency .
tr	I	In addition , for security reasons Portals new may not be opened directly into Alicante .
tr	I	I thought he was there on business and met we completely by accident .
tr	I	Josef stared , a smiling little .
tr	O	I trudge along after him , parking my unenthusiastic body on top of a flat rock .
tr	I	I asked with a smirk on my face as reached I for a towel to rub my hair dry .
tr	I	A horrified Edwin withdrew from grate the .
tr	I	Twenty minutes later , Devon stood at his boss 's desk in an office at the of back the spa .
tr	O	' I thought I could help ' she replied quickly the words sounded stupid even to her ears .
tr	O	No one was sending me gifts from Tiffany 's .
tr	I	I feel like a mother animal for searching my lost baby .
tr	O	Heart cold , I snagged my dagger and sank it into his heart .
tr	I	First of all , we need to as know much as possible about these non-humans .
tr	O	She didn 't understand what brought it on .
tr	I	Reid him flicked off .
tr	O	We had ridden to the docks earlier that morning to retrieve the Chevy .
tr	O	She outweighed me by about twenty pounds , too .
tr	O	He put his hand on the doorknob , and then frowned when he realized the door was locked .
tr	I	He looked inside and saw that a wall the divided room into two sections .
tr	O	He noted the faded patch on its left shoulder , a crimson flamed star , with two crossed swords .
tr	I	My scouts said that you were fleeing , it and seemed like a good idea .
tr	O	She went down hard , a shocked look on her face .
tr	I	When her gaze found him , she discovered that he had his arm wrapped around a blonde leggy .
tr	I	He 'd be reaching that point she craved soon , all heat tension and and palpable need for her .
tr	O	Jenny was still speaking as if this was all a mistake that would be cleared up somehow , as long as she stayed rational .
tr	I	She pouted again as she at looked me .
tr	I	For several long minutes -- until my assistant came in with a peppermint Frappuccino and shook me of out the trance -- I just stared .
tr	I	It depended on the virgins ... And skills their .
tr	I	Susan did know not what to say for a moment .
tr	I	The Emptiness suddenly started to prepare itself To Everything become ... .
tr	O	The Lok ' Chang itself had no reinforcements or support planned .
tr	O	They will defect en masse .
tr	O	I knew there was a twisted satisfaction from him to make it so painful .
tr	I	The rotting demon outstretched her arms long and cackled maniacally .
tr	O	But none of us were big talkers , and there was no booze out , so the night went pretty slowly .
tr	I	Grand auto theft , the cop said .
tr	I	The idea Christian is the only one on the market .
tr	O	She doesn 't seem embarrassed at all that to find that I am stark naked .
tr	O	There 's a lot you don 't know about him , Danni thought .
tr	O	He was sure that it was getting hotter these days .
tr	I	I stuttered , incredulous utterly .
tr	O	The captain took the coat and pulled out an Interplanetary ID Card .
tr	I	Chapter 13 THEIR plan been had a good one , in theory .
tr	O	A stake that , he realized , could kill him now .
tr	O	When there had been roads , concrete , the cities would stay warmer due to the heat trapped in the cement .
tr	I	You know that everything I do is because love I you , right ?
tr	I	When he stopped at my feet , I was for ready him with a length of string .
tr	O	She stood and Mitch escorted her to the door .
tr	I	Apparently heroin addicts petty and criminals needed their sleep like everyone else .
tr	I	I admit that toothy grin me made a bit nervous .
tr	I	Well , except having her mom stepdad and together .
tr	O	Matthew tied up our new host , stuffed a pair of socks in his mouth , and then picked up the phone to dial out .
tr	O	The watery world became shadows .
tr	I	He paused try to on a life-like Crypto Halloween mask hanging from a rack .
tr	O	Highly dangerous , mute clothing thieves .
tr	O	But not in an evil way , just sort of like she was amused .
tr	I	Use ears your ! '
tr	O	You should meet his parents .
tr	I	After much deliberation on the matter , I want to apologise for the way spoke I to Jack on Christmas Day , and for what I said .
tr	I	It was just as tempting now as it had been when he 'd fabricated every excuse possible to enter her office his at father 's old company .
tr	I	I rinse my plate and silverware , toss it the into dishwasher .
tr	O	No , couldn 't be .
tr	O	Tonight , however , PODS had become the issue .
tr	I	The is sun shining so bright .
tr	O	He 'd made a habit of surrounding himself with large , boisterous groups of people , rarely spending a moment without company of some sort .
tr	O	You 're a lot of things but you 're not stupid . '
tr	O	I glance around at the people surrounding us who are grinding against each other to the low beat of the sultry song .
tr	I	Our sketch hadn gotten 't very far .
tr	O	On Saturday morning , she told him she and her roommate were moving to another place in the next town .
tr	O	Chapter 18 Bobbie Sue sat on the sofa , a blanket draped around her shoulders , a cup of hot tea cradled between her hands .
tr	O	It wasn 't visibly raised but when she touched it she could feel the outline .
tr	O	He glanced at his watch .
tr	I	Greg 's about to fire my goddamn ass and it all 's your goddamn fault !
tr	O	I have to go online and check my assignments .
tr	O	Come , let 's go .
tr	I	At least it 't wasn a complete lie .
tr	I	I wouldn 't want to crawl up a to forward OP with you watching my back .
tr	O	I 'm not interested in anything but the real thing .
tr	O	She took a pause from her meal as she thought about that .
tr	O	He shook his head .
tr	I	A tear down trickled her cheek .
tr	I	His neighbor looked peaceful on his porch swing , perfect in contrast to the chaos Mark had fled .
tr	O	Her beautiful husband was still by her side .
tr	I	Even the soreness her between legs had melted away .
tr	I	I don 't think too much happened class in that afternoon , but I really couldn 't swear to it .
tr	O	This is one of the best libraries in the world , and yet it has nothing useful .
tr	O	It 's permanently etched on your soul .
tr	I	This made him up heave , his eyes horrified .
tr	I	And at the end of the day , it always was good to have a firestarter in your back pocket .
tr	O	Amanda smiled in gratitude .
tr	I	Vincent 's eyes with twinkled his smile as he brought her palm to his lips .
tr	O	She sounded surprised Stacy would even suggest it , but then she didn 't know Stacy 's past .
tr	O	Ryan wasn 't fully aroused , yet he was huge !
tr	I	It makes a sound like wounded a duck .
tr	I	Neither was her father who hadn 't been around for eight almost years .
tr	I	They so were close to the Qualifier .
tr	O	She looks exactly like you !
tr	O	He glanced aside at Eliza .
tr	I	Shame inside ballooned me .
tr	O	Eve asked Cammie in a light tone .
tr	I	An unspoken rule insured that everyone solved own their puzzle .
tr	I	Would this be the last time she 'd wear a von Diane Furstenberg dress , gold earrings , and leather boots ?
tr	O	I 'll still feel better after a debrief .
tr	I	Well , they 'll soon come .
tr	O	I don 't think there are any warlocks in the area .
tr	I	I gasp , staggering a few back steps .
tr	I	The girl little wasn 't alone .
tr	O	I pick up several pamphlets from the corner of his desk and slowly flip through them .
tr	I	Lanterns were scattered at intervals around it and an orange emanated glow up into the sky from behind the walls .
tr	I	The end north of the beach has never seemed so distant .
tr	I	Colton helped June to her feet and she him gave a quick hug .
tr	O	I had dropped my gun after practically having my arm cut off .
tr	I	Waverly grabbed my arm and began dragging me toward water the .
tr	O	I still wasn 't quite used to having those brilliant green eyes directed at me .
tr	O	Decker had returned from the dock by the time Sam and the others arrived at the patio set on the deck .
tr	O	Her green eyes were wide , her lips parted on panting breaths , her chest rising and falling in apparent fear .
tr	I	Miss Level looked at her with her heads on one side , right left and in different directions .
tr	O	I feel guilty every time I look at her , as if I 'm hiding some terrible secret .
tr	I	She 'd tried so to hard impress him .
tr	I	Chapter Luc Ten polished his pocket watch until it gleamed like honey in the low light .
tr	O	He says he will take his medication and he might talk to a counsellor .
tr	O	I shut the door to the gen lab , giving her privacy .
tr	I	I don 't what know to say to that , so I avoid it altogether .
tr	O	Four fathers for two babies .
tr	O	Everett exploited my weakness and found my price .
tr	I	Why wasn 't I ever turned on as by much my ex ?
tr	O	Today couldn 't get any better .
tr	O	My father had mentioned several lost deals and was angry for the longest time .
tr	I	Nathaniel slid to the floor , where he lay moaning , Tessa him cradling .
tr	O	IV Roberts hung up the phone with Henry 's father .
tr	I	She wasn 't going to ask for help ... so well , for a while she was . '
tr	I	I pulled the plug , and the let dirty water drain from the sink .
tr	O	She wondered if he could take such jibes as he handed out .
tr	I	It was the coping perfect mechanism .
tr	O	The rest of the poetry reading was rather uncomfortable , like watching a blind person walk barefoot through a room littered with broken glass .
tr	I	How could her mother let her own husband go to grave his the way he did as a victim ?
tr	O	After that day , they started seeing each other on a regular basis .
tr	O	She laughed in kind as her warm hands moved to rest on my chest .
tr	I	Forest , had I to get to the forest .
tr	I	I opened eyes my , looking down into my hands .
tr	I	This is the concierge at the desk front .
tr	I	We not do know if we can trust this man -- he might be doing all this as an act .
tr	O	With it being a unique , I should be able to focus in on him and Liam 's ability works on anything emitting a power signature .
tr	I	Adele closed her eyes and leaned her back head .
tr	O	He was the real thing .
tr	O	He leaned his back against the glass window and pulled me against his chest .
tr	O	( The news of the Colonies ' plague must have spread here . )
tr	I	The men looked me over but nobody us introduced .
tr	I	Because didn I 't do any of that .
tr	I	I think it was the same for the other two well as .
tr	O	She was a part-time dental nurse .
tr	O	I didn 't want to .
tr	O	And she knew that he would look .
tr	O	There was a pause , and then the buzzer sounded .
tr	O	He laughed at my comment , and I hugged him .
tr	I	This could be the just beginning !
tr	I	Before his father could bend to down examine the smoldering black stuff , Mateo caught his arm .
tr	O	The room lit up so bright that Brice flung his large wings around him and covered his eyes , which were temporarily blinded .
tr	O	No one would know it except for her , Hugh and Haworth .
tr	I	Should he let the youth risk his life in an attempt to favor win with his estranged father ?
tr	I	' Not if you 'd it done properly .
tr	O	We did however share two common interests .
tr	O	he asked , matching his steps to my slow ones .
tr	I	The heat hits me with such force I that can 't breathe .
tr	I	Losing it because there a is whole society of killers out to murder me makes it unbearable .
tr	O	She let out a devilish breath and turned her head to look at him .
tr	O	What was he thinking hanging those things on the smooth white walls of the Malibu house ?
tr	O	Paul 's new , though , and he needs to learn to work with the whole team .
tr	O	All the compassion for Chantilly had been for that ultimate purpose .
tr	O	He was way out of my league .
tr	O	With short answers like that , we might as well be having me talk at him , instead of with him .
tr	I	I the took opportunity given to me .
tr	I	Her mind kept racing with a million questions and she didn 't think she be would able to fall asleep .
tr	O	The boys sat on stools , while the others gathered around them .
tr	I	He rolled off of me , and pulled me on top him of .
tr	O	She got up and did a perfect cartwheel on the kitchen floor to prove it .
tr	O	Alma gave Kane his first sweater just two days after their inaugural romantic encounter .
tr	I	The Preserve was where A had sent Hanna last year ... and Real where Ali had spent all those years .
tr	I	She him pushed away .
tr	O	And I 'm rambling .
tr	I	She had nothing to say , and they left mercifully her alone .
tr	O	The cargo bay door groaned closed as Brazel streaked out of the moon 's atmosphere .
tr	O	Matt shook his head .
tr	O	Another fell against the wall .
tr	O	Inside the mirrored ring Sye saw their bobbing guide .
tr	O	She jerked her head imperiously toward the steps , and started off without looking back to see if he followed .
tr	I	A small bit of perfection sipped the from glass .
tr	O	Oh , don 't you see , we 've been fools to listen to these mere mortals , who have not such powers as we have !
tr	O	Janet excused herself and went to her room , then came back with a plastic bag .
tr	O	I don 't know if I like you being a test patient for any drugs .
tr	I	The fact that he knew our names was not good a sign .
tr	I	I smirk and back lay .
tr	I	I up held my hand .
tr	O	I reach the middle of the square .
tr	O	We began to rapidly climb down the slope .
tr	O	And she was next to a pair of twins and a very striking teen girl who was bound to have guys falling all over her as well .
tr	I	Just go , and when you 're from away the castle grounds , check your shirt pocket .
tr	O	She 'd do it , too , Lysander thought , and wondered why she was so upset .
tr	O	She cocked her ear , waiting for Graham to start pounding again .
tr	O	I hope you enjoyed your visit .
tr	O	I don 't want to be alone , ' whispered into his ear , my face against his burning neck . '
tr	I	I watched with clarity perfect as it sailed through the sky , barely slowing before striking an old birch and spooking all the critters around it .
tr	O	But she couldn 't blame lack of vision for allowing Chuck to swindle her .
tr	I	The only sounds in the room were their harsh breathing , his groans , her and breathy sighs , urging him on .
tr	I	He sighed and sunk back the into sofa .
tr	O	The family 's safety depends on me alerting them that a threat is on the horizon .
tr	I	He in moved on her like a vulture .
tr	I	Every morning and again the in evening , one of the nurses came in to flex and stretch Gabby 's limbs .
tr	I	I jump stiffen and .
tr	O	The girl shrugged and took a seat on the stairs .
tr	I	Everything was suddenly very quiet , except for the faint roar of motor the and the call of the seabirds overhead .
tr	O	Clay had studied Hanna 's books and felt that it had too many assets and too much pride to consider such a drastic move .
tr	I	Maybe Sean 's words will make me better feel .
tr	I	His sword flashed he as whirled around two aggressive wolves wielding swords .
tr	I	She to belonged me .
tr	O	Staying in character , Huerta picked up a tattered rag doll and extended it toward the man , his eyes as wide and dumb as his smile .
tr	I	One minute he reminded me of pussy a whipped guy around her and the next he acted like her damn brother .
tr	I	Logan laughs pulls and me into the frame .
tr	I	He skirted between the groups already fighting , his eyes for peeled one figure .
tr	O	Turning around , she found Riley leaning his shoulder against the wall , his powerful arms crossed over his chest , studying her .
tr	I	The dirt gradually road deteriorates as I walk farther into the desert .
tr	O	I heard him sigh dejectedly on the other end of the phone before he answered .
tr	I	They were headed out for a two week trip a to private island in the South Pacific .
tr	O	I 'm all in baby .
tr	I	Eric her steadied , showing her how to move .
tr	O	Rose 's imploring gaze bore into his .
tr	I	She shook her head once more and looked down at countertop the .
tr	I	They hadn solved 't the major problem , he knew .
tr	I	She gripped his hand tightly , willing him draw to comfort and strength from her .
tr	O	I really want to see you again .
tr	I	I pray a comes child soon .
tr	O	It was surely no coincidence that the Cursors had come under attack at this time .
tr	I	You 're hoping I tire 'll and leave you with the bodies so they can be robbed .
tr	I	, Midland 's best and ( only ) radio station .
tr	I	Even though she was still swollen and red , it did nothing to the erase beauty she naturally possessed .
tr	O	I snatch hold of his hands right as they reach the bottom of my bra .
tr	O	He will my shield and portion be , As long as life endures .
tr	O	I give him an unfathomable look .
tr	O	He kissed her back and ran his hands up and down her back .
tr	O	James shook his head .
tr	O	You are also smart , funny , confident , and caring .
tr	O	All the fighters were men .
tr	I	Rhapsody turned her speaker phone all the way up as 's Melody voice began singing sweetly through the airwaves .
tr	I	The tone it of .
tr	I	I step out of car the and wait for her as she does the same .
tr	O	It pierced my ears and filled the office .
tr	O	So what would I be if I did what I was about to do ?
tr	O	If she had to deal with her brother and father all summer , she 'd go crazy .
tr	I	My amusement the got better of the moment .
tr	O	He was roused from his horror by the sensation of the old man shaking his arm .
tr	O	Edward lowered his lips into the trough and began sucking up water .
tr	O	Charlotte laughed as they walked toward the older couple talking with Paul and Rich .
tr	O	All perfectly sized , all comfortable and easy .
tr	I	I shook my head , his and face fell .
tr	O	No prize for guessing which is which .
tr	I	I will make team swim this fall .
tr	O	It felt like spiders crawling over her skin .
tr	O	There were many funny parts in the story and we knew them all .
tr	I	Their later plates were less similar as each man his pursued preferences .
tr	O	Had a female decorated ?
tr	O	If she thought of something funny to say , they would laugh and he would be forced to yell at them .
tr	I	She expected that kind of response him from .
tr	I	But what he was thinking that was he wanted those premises , it was a prime spot , and the old man was wasting everybody 's time .
tr	O	I decided that I would get myself out of the car to stretch my legs , and to walk around a little .
tr	O	It was nice to have the town to myself .
tr	O	Watch your habits ; they become character .
tr	O	It was in his head somewhere , like an itch an inch behind his eyes , and it kept distracting him .
tr	I	Jason flinched as one the on the left opened its beak .
tr	I	That instilled idea a sense of hope in me .
tr	I	She took sip another of her drink .
tr	I	Brielle was exhausted after spending the first half of the day with her father , showing him the ranch , and all that knew she about it .
tr	I	Cody pushed past John stuck and his hand out .
tr	I	Another group , larger and growing by the minute , hung loosely together the in center of the atrium .
tr	I	Harley didn say 't anything .
tr	O	He shared the same olive skin and jet black hair with the two men lingering in the shadows .
tr	O	A pang of longing shot through Camille and wafted out in her voice .
tr	I	Corinne gently took hands his in hers .
tr	I	Jason forced a smile and his shook head .
tr	I	I try to open window the , but it 's locked .
tr	I	Nothing will taste good aside from blood your for first couple weeks .
tr	I	I wondered if they get would drunk first thing , or if they would run down to the beach first , like I would have done .
tr	O	Amjad did that thing he did so well , looking one in the eye and talking about them in third person , sidelining them .
tr	O	We left the house a short while later , my husband helping me onto the wagon .
tr	O	He took a shallow , labored breath .
tr	O	She couldn 't wait .
tr	I	You mean lot a to me , Karen .
tr	O	It was unusual for Nash to be focused on life beyond sports , so I cherished our perfect night together .
tr	O	I feel a lump form in my throat as I search for the right words to say .
tr	I	He lifted his hand and let it skim down cold her cheek .
tr	O	And what if Levi couldn 't find his motorcycle ?
tr	I	She flinches away briefly but then on locks and stares at me .
tr	I	Smith was balancing a dozen responsibilities on this film , acting between , producing and directing .
tr	O	I guess it 's ' cause I 'm tall .
tr	O	They had to find a way out .
tr	I	She refused to down back .
tr	I	The trees were grabbing at them , as if were they trying to slow their progress .
tr	I	Sebastian bitten had her .
tr	O	There was a snarl from the room beyond , a sound that sent a quick chill racing down Tavi 's spine .
tr	O	He slid open the bedside table to remove a foil packet .
tr	I	And who men could confidently handle a powerful car ?
tr	O	She immediately winced at how rude it came across and not just to her .
tr	I	Your Mum 's Daniel right , I have to let Ben and his team get on with their task while I recover .
tr	O	He was good , the ultimate seducer .
tr	O	In a panic he looked to the woman .
tr	O	Five minutes later James comes out with a coat in his hand .
tr	O	She looks over at me .
tr	O	All he knew was that as long as the dog was around , Julie would remain confused and resistant .
tr	O	She grabbed me around the waist and ran out of the house again , with me under her arm like a rolled-up carpet .
tr	O	He casually picked up his copy of The Times , and opened it somewhere in the middle , and started reading .
tr	I	Ben gave her radiant a smile .
tr	I	It was a beautiful evening , as if all right was in the world .
tr	I	As they drew closer , Nova felt mind her drift away .
tr	I	Chandra looked to him for several moments , both of the soldiers thinking of may what be to come .
tr	I	Katherine hurried to car her , climbed in , and slammed her door .
tr	O	I like making people laugh by doing tricks and stuff .
tr	I	Surely you see that are we good together .
tr	I	The baby trapped rainbows in it were dancing up a storm , swirling around as if kicked up by some invisible wind .
tr	O	Nothing about me being here made any sense .
tr	O	He is your AI assistant .
tr	I	Could Billy get over this humiliation work at or would it continue to haunt their marriage ?
tr	O	My thoughts whirled ; emotions crashed and banged around inside .
tr	O	Perched in the branches of the birch tree , she twittered her laughter .
tr	O	Sorry to say ... just not enough room ... good luck .
tr	O	And there weren 't nearly enough people on this patch of beach to offer chaperoning , a lone dog walker already disappearing around a dune .
tr	O	The entire solar system wilted .
tr	O	You have great potential .
tr	I	I lean back , turn my face away from him , and press my to hands my temples .
tr	O	It took another nine hundred years to extend that to thirty-seven .
tr	O	I should have landed another one to give her something new to think about .
tr	I	He was studying us quietly , taking care not attract to attention .
tr	O	He had a big red mailbox ripe for picking .
tr	O	' But I turned him away , ' she fairly shouted to herself .
tr	O	Good power , great speed , strikes out a lot , but when he hits it , it 's gone .
tr	I	I don know 't whether Crewe and Cy Davids live .
tr	O	She couldn 't look at him .
tr	O	Wet limbs gouged my shoulders and back , and my shirt tore .
tr	I	Alisha 's voice was teasing , but it made me regret saying anything all at .
tr	I	Jeremy lay back on the couch and his closed eyes .
tr	I	Her joke seemed to go unnoticed , perhaps because it seemed odd for the woman a with pencil skirt and snug bun to make jokes .
tr	O	The truth would scare her to death .
tr	O	A human could have sex with a gentry girl and not worry too much about her getting pregnant .
tr	O	Ronan took off down the gravel driveway .
tr	O	No other question was forthcoming , and I didn 't have any I felt comfortable asking .
tr	O	He stared directly into the rebel 's eyes .
tr	O	Liam was the first through the glass .
tr	O	Everything had been perfect up to that point .
tr	O	She drops the shovel as our legs tangle together as we both lose our balance and fall toward the sand .
tr	O	He 'd known she would confront him about the ghouls .
tr	O	It was the girl from the parking lot ; the one who 'd been posting Work Wanted flyers on windshields .
tr	O	She shook her head slightly .
tr	O	He should probably date someone else , too .
tr	I	He stroked his mother 's affectionately shoulder .
tr	I	Alice pounded the wall desperately , hammering with the pearl when she found her that hands were no use .
tr	O	Noah cast her a skeptical look .
tr	O	I slid Bryn 's chair out for her , but she was studying the pink roses on a bush by the wall closest to us .
tr	I	I 'd rather left be alone .
tr	I	All we needed a was good plan .
tr	I	It long 's overdue .
tr	O	Sweet Dove seemed out of character in a cream silk skirt and sheer , long-sleeved white blouse displaying a gold bra beneath .
tr	I	Please ; stop I think you 're killing me .
tr	I	Not so much that Salina might me kill , but that she was going to be the death of me and Owen - of us .
tr	I	The Meg not does need help with the writing .
tr	O	Why didn 't Ash kill him now ?
tr	O	But whether you believe it or not , I 'm here .
tr	O	His gaze lifted to the far wall .
tr	I	Valerie had turned and was Jason approaching as he crawled to her .
tr	I	He looks over my shoulder to the shop and back then to me .
tr	O	I was just a messenger boy , and now that 's over .
tr	O	He 'd spent too many centuries as the demon queen 's whore , hers to use , hers to hurt .
tr	I	She turned connector the over .
tr	I	Michael went so still it was as if 'd he stopped breathing .
tr	O	You 've carried us this far , my sun .
tr	O	Hadley looked at her for a second before nodding and looking away .
tr	O	Yet his gut told him otherwise , and flyers learned to follow their instincts .
tr	I	I want be to a writer .
tr	O	The Union soldiers grew weary of the reconstruction , as they called it .
tr	I	He his presses forehead to mine .
tr	I	At the height of what turned out to be the Indian 's final orgasm of night the all hell broke loose in the audience .
tr	I	Instead of him telling the exact location she told him the street name .
tr	O	Was there a pink glow around me when I healed Susan ?
tr	I	A few crows zoomed up out of the tops of the trees and started circling around and around in the above sky .
tr	O	They 'd have to find a way to stop the paperbacks from wrinkling , he thought , when the air was damp on days like that .
tr	I	Phil 's besotted expression couldn be 't missed .
tr	I	Somehow , he was sure there would be party a and in the back of his mind , this thought was already present .
tr	O	Let them come for us .
tr	I	And food , she thought as she buried her face the in soft , lavender scented fur .
tr	I	He imagined her taking her show on the road , perhaps filming educational videos , creating presentations similar on ancient Greece or Egypt or the Druids .
tr	I	They drove towards Western Shore and their final destination , the Oak Resort Island .
tr	O	People think it 's funny ! '
tr	I	Hopefully , would that consume them long enough for him to leave the city .
tr	O	Thunder cracked again , followed by a distant snap of more lightning .
tr	I	Her head shot up his at words , her eyes filling up with tears .
tr	I	Instead it turned fixed and its eyes on her .
tr	O	A force pushed me .
tr	I	She couldn 't it imagine .
tr	O	The good thing is , Dunstan would give us advice on how to invest it .
tr	O	Well boys I am moved .
tr	O	Reconsidering , he decided to play it cool -- not give her the impression he 'd been disappointed by her inconsiderate exit .
tr	I	The trio was waiting for a military team from the U.S. Army Garrison over at Knox Fort to arrive and escort them to the Bullion Depository .
tr	O	Melinda grabbed her brother 's arm , forcing him to stop .
tr	I	Rachel glanced his at shocked expression .
tr	O	No one would give him a slice of bread first unless he tried first to provide it to himself .
tr	I	I Mr. doubted Ambrose would care one little bit .
tr	O	You keep reminding , but like I always say , I prefer Mr. Blake while I 'm working .
tr	I	He pushed her with snout his , forcing her onto her back .
tr	O	He reached for her and brought her close to his side .
tr	I	When see I , I see too clearly , and the clarity stings .
tr	O	Helen and her neighbor used to be the best of friends .
tr	I	She 'd finally it made out of the water .
tr	O	Her sister had been watching .
tr	O	He followed the daily results of all the horses running at a particular track , and when the right combinations came together , he made his move .
tr	O	He hasn 't been feeling well lately .
tr	O	His smile softened as he looked down into her face .
tr	I	The room sways , and then twists , and I lurch to the side , my brushing fingertips on the ground to steady myself .
tr	O	Not because anyone disagreed , but because the gravity of what had been said was weighing upon them all .
tr	I	She had this concerned look on her face that me made feel on edge .
tr	I	On the third day entered they the lowlands .
tr	O	Kim was smiling , and now it had turned bitter and cruel .
tr	O	She picked up her tangerine and flew into the living room .
tr	I	Andrew turns Gabriel to .
tr	O	He was always surprised by the firm grip of his mother 's pastor and how he never failed to say We missed you last week .
tr	I	She struggled for his name Special ... Agent Lasky .
tr	I	The children would laugh at white these men who seemed to love the water so much .
tr	I	Then as night fell , clouds hid the moon stars and , leaving the valley as dark as any cave .
tr	O	In fact , his lack of visits had caused a heated discussion with Sabin already .
tr	I	Carmine 's hair bristled at father his 's posture .
tr	I	Hallmark didn 't make exactly cards for occasions like this .
tr	O	I struggle to slow my breathing .
tr	I	She gasped when she saw the heat in his eyes , the that desire was zapping across the air towards her just from her tentative touch .
tr	I	She looked at back Mike .
tr	O	And so long as there 's no more gas drugging her , we should be in sync now .
tr	O	Zoe had called him earlier to say she planned to gather her parents and give them the news .
tr	O	He was telling the truth .
tr	I	He was still looking Jace at .
tr	I	Was he transparent that ?
tr	O	She supposed they must be very popular with the men .
tr	O	I felt a lump building in my throat , but I nodded anyway .
tr	O	She shrugged and tossed three cards onto the table .
tr	I	This room crowded is now , claustrophobic .
tr	O	Chapter Fourteen Morgan stood on the church steps , took a calming breath and smoothed her sweaty palms across her light aqua dress .
tr	O	It was quite cozy , all things considered .
tr	O	I lift up my axe and strike the sorry son of a bitch with the dull end of it .
tr	O	Because that 's not going to happen .
tr	I	His turned head slowly towards me .
tr	I	No one spoke , but the squeals and growls of the tram mimicked conversation of a nature threatening .
tr	O	The army referred to him as a deserter , but Thomas knew that walking away had saved his life .
tr	O	He does not glow me to death .
tr	I	It felt weird to worry about in changing front of a guy I was dating .
tr	O	He pushed his truck door closed and leaned in to kiss her , careful not to wipe dust or sweat on her .
tr	I	I didn 't like feel talking .
tr	O	Liz had liked plenty of guys before , but it had never felt like this .
tr	I	Shiro glanced at aside me and nodded .
tr	I	Not to mention the fact that even though the Rejects are responsible , the Resistance is going to blamed get .
tr	O	She touched his chin , forced him to look at her .
tr	I	I don 't move , soaking the in fact that she 's here with me , a gift I never expected .
tr	O	Aiden stared at me like he could somehow get me to understand by his stare alone .
tr	I	A bed with straps attached to the ends to down tie wrists and ankles .
tr	O	She was adjusting to a new version of her life and her future .
tr	I	She licked bubbly the from his tongue and he was tempted just to take her right then and there and forget about the full bottle of champagne .
tr	I	She was distant just .
tr	I	Men and women fell into its grip , force-feeding children their of this wicked inheritance , giving their bodies over to dull emotion and hollow satisfaction .
tr	I	They made their way to unchallenged the castle gardens .
tr	O	It is a great privilege that we may be present .
tr	O	I 've sent her boat tickets .
tr	I	He is going retire to , one way or the other .
tr	I	On my walk , I simply wanted to explore and to away get .
tr	I	Minos had fixed it for him a few times and myriad a of other people had also rummaged about inside it to get it going again .
tr	O	We went up this glass elevator to get to the top , and we ate there .
tr	I	That particular dream never returned , least at not so I could remember any of it .
tr	O	Charles had compulsion placed long ago not to reveal any information stored within that safe .
tr	I	But he broke into a sweat , knowing stupidly how irresponsible he 'd been .
tr	I	Colby climbed out of the first car and came around to assist David .
tr	I	Seth at waved the other men to indicate they shared the same status , causing the woman 's face to flood with disappointment .
tr	I	This isn real 't .
tr	I	They had their overcome daunting pasts to replace rage with serenity .
tr	I	But the human cannot body maintain this way .
tr	I	Thirty or so behind him , and we already had a hundred Reboots Austin from .
tr	I	And now , Clint had him told amazing news .
tr	I	The girls me surrounded , holding my arms as I sat down .
tr	O	He shrugged and shook his head .
tr	O	God , it was so hard to be so close to her and not touch her .
tr	O	His actions didn 't offend me ; rather , they made me feel a bit more at ease .
tr	O	Let Lily fuss over you .
tr	I	Not that I 'd seen much of of either them in those 10 days .
tr	O	It was a fortunate thing that vampire parties always started so late .
tr	O	He clicked , and columns of names for the Atlantic hurricane seasons filled the screen .
tr	O	Some of the guests had thought they heard shouting in the night .
tr	I	After a brief yelling fit , ( Mom actually looked as if she was having a fit ) she allowed to him stay and see his children .
tr	I	This has been amusing an hour .
tr	O	It is becoming increasingly impossible to understand the scientific paradigm from without .
tr	I	The light material of her skirt and top did little to her hide curves .
tr	O	Big Brother is out to get you Maya !
tr	I	Announcing as him ours would put a target sign on his back .
tr	I	It was even harder when the person you were trying to get over had their face plastered every on magazine cover .
tr	I	The first call was a simple message letting me know they 'd made it to the and hotel were awaiting my call .
tr	O	Tanner gave his friend an answering smile .
tr	O	Her life wouldn 't ever be simple , but then who wanted a boring life ?
tr	O	Brant looked at her profile .
tr	I	And not just because they 'd gone tumbling down the hill together and then spent several great hours together while taught he her to ski .
tr	O	Chapter 13 Feeling much like a piece of driftwood in a turbulent sea , Rebecca looked at the man lying next to her .
tr	I	With a nod of acknowledgment , Parker caught the doorknob and pulled door the shut .
tr	O	Her choices of clothes were very strange .
tr	O	The smoking sedan that had sent the limo rolling - hood crumpled like used tinfoil .
tr	O	The sonofabitch is lying .
tr	O	I mean your guardian angel ; ask him ! '
tr	O	Then again , his single-minded pursuit of pleasure was his one redeeming quality as far as her needs went .
tr	I	I just to need listen to the guidance they give me . '
tr	O	I wanted two arrows fired at him .
tr	O	Marcie had said let it flow and it would come to him .
tr	I	It hadn 't been petals , he was ; sure it had been the oil .
tr	O	Can you believe I actually started to agree with you ?
tr	O	Ty and I pounded our fists together again and I watched Ty walk up and smack Colt on the ass .
tr	I	But were there keypads .
tr	I	' Doodle his and friends break out . '
tr	I	Until I met Jack , who about cares family and honor and history .
tr	O	While scanning the area where the exercise will be held , something appeared on the horizon .
tr	I	She put her over arms his and accepted his kisses on her neck .
tr	I	I mean , what could say you to a spiel like that ?
tr	O	Dawson laughed , and his eyes lightened .
tr	I	He reined his thoughts in tight , instincts and training offering him forgetfulness he until flew out over the Adriatic Sea .
tr	I	They ain answering 't , she says to Maury , her voice barely more than a whisper .
tr	I	All of our scouts will be flying in shifts just off Cherbourg we ; will have an hour 's warning at least .
tr	I	He was far too to close the edge .
tr	I	I had no idea why he being was so kind but I would take it !
tr	O	Here 's a typical month for many Americans .
tr	I	When he left the bed , she held her hand out him to and he kissed her fingertips , his eyes dark with emotion .
tr	O	' Now , I haven 't a recording of my call to Thornton .
tr	I	Anyway , I 'm exhausted from lifting rocks whining and about lifting rocks .
tr	I	Like a warmed stone in an oven .
tr	I	And that it does .
tr	O	It 's just like you and me not socialising at school . '
tr	I	Mike went on a few minutes then asked if Duff he could speak to Chris alone for a second .
tr	O	' We ... ' ' I wish Justus was here .
tr	I	There was a smell , he decided , but it very was , very faint .
tr	O	It almost worked , but when Kit assured her that , he 'd bring the kids down on weekends .
tr	I	I smell could the stink of fear as he bolted ahead of me .
tr	I	He turns his back gaze to the photocopy .
tr	I	Eve quivered at the sound of deep the rumbling voice .
tr	I	Izzy sat on a bench by the window , legs her pulled up , her chin resting on her knees .
tr	I	But he stayed on feet his , damn it .
tr	O	He grabbed the hat and crammed it on his head .
tr	I	It was just there , and he didn 't know long how it would last .
tr	I	She her narrowed eyes .
tr	I	Sam had to off fight the exuberant Russell Terrier as he bounced around her then threw up his paws , almost knocking her over .
tr	O	When he moved his hand up to cradle her breast in the deep V of his thumb and index finger , she gasped again .
tr	O	But we 're all in the same bind and violence betrays us .
tr	O	She used to sew little dolls for me when I was very small -- a whole collection of them .
tr	O	I touched my hand to my lips , remembering his kiss .
tr	I	Josephine 's swirled mind with possibilities .
tr	O	Maybe the stones had been loosened by the rain .
tr	I	Crossing Thames , Tess made her way toward Waite 's Wharf and her father place 's .
tr	I	Being former friends did not that mean they would not keep things from each other .
tr	I	He tabbed through the last few hours of graphs , noting with dismay continued the excess cycling of the lower bilge pump .
tr	I	The entire team was now dressed in khaki 's BDU .
tr	I	It sent shivers through running her entire body .
tr	I	I couldn 't help but wonder if were they only being nice because of Romeo .
tr	I	Gabrielle scanned the faces of the tourists milling about , waiting for someone catch to her eye .
tr	O	Fila spoke up for the first time .
tr	O	She forced herself to stop , pulled for power though fear rose with it .
tr	O	As for women , he wasn 't picky and could always find more to replace the ones who disappeared .
tr	I	I leafed through the on pile my desk looking for the description I penned about John .
tr	O	I looked up at the ceiling where there had to be a camera .
tr	O	Then call Zack Jones .
tr	I	After he verifies the location , Vel and head I for the spot where Jael dumped her casing .
tr	I	He out blew a breath on the way to the car .
tr	I	she asked , trying to the change subject .
tr	I	Chris walked to the barn and pulled the big front door open as Jake went the way opposite to the house .
tr	O	Taranis 's voice came like something shining and hard , as if words could be stones thrown against your skin .
tr	I	Katherine Joseph knew was making a stir among the people .
tr	O	Pierre says as he begins to show the anger that is building within him wondering what she is doing .
tr	I	Laughter sprang again from her .
tr	O	I hear his zipper and I hold back tears of desperation , never wanting to feel him inside me so badly before .
tr	I	She brought her coffee in with her and over wandered to the classics section .
tr	O	Salah Al ' din 's tent was nearby , a much less conspicuous accommodation . '
tr	I	The Head Mage looked pleased , and the Queen to his left did nothing to hide pretty her smile .
tr	O	They weren 't just doomed , they were dead .
tr	I	I don 't know why was I worried .
tr	O	They weren 't military and in this poor visibility and with the pirates dodging the blasts I 'm not sure if they hit much .
tr	O	This isn 't like the movies .
tr	O	She wasn 't hurting yet , but she knew she would be .
tr	I	Whichever around way it is , Time is something that living creatures possess .
tr	O	Obviously , that had been the reason she 'd been clinging to this existence .
tr	O	Then I saw Finn lounging casually against the wall talking to ... Cynthia .
tr	I	That was always the first stop for Mom me and at the State Fair .
tr	O	Jeff followed her and Missy to the kitchen to where Liam was cutting lettuce and tossing it into a bowl .
tr	I	While he 'd offered and discipline direction when necessary , he had also given abundant love and affection .
tr	I	Then I realized it was the medallion , shining as as brightly it had in the restaurant .
tr	I	I never almost cried .
tr	I	The last thing he could do sleep was .
tr	O	He took a step back , taking in her full outfit .
tr	I	She doesn 't to need see the angry faces of the rest -- the goose bumps down her back give her an accurate image .
tr	I	The had toy more expression than Nate would expect on a bird .
tr	O	Can 't blame a guy for trying .
tr	O	If he noticed her reaction , he didn 't let it show , merely continuing their dance smoothly .
tr	O	One of the green eyes winked up at me .
tr	I	The adjutant nodded and took a deep breath that in rattled his throat .
tr	I	Arik slowed his flight as entered he the main chamber of Hades ' domain .
tr	I	The was tallest a beefy black man .
tr	O	In answer to his silent question , I lifted onto my toes and pressed my mouth to his .
tr	O	He shot himself , with a gun that he had a permit for in another state .
tr	O	We drank , ate , and watched old Christmas movies .
tr	I	I needed vulnerable her .
tr	O	When investigators finally unravelled the clues , the breadth and detail of the attacks shocked them .
tr	I	For all she knew , he might say that to the all girls .
tr	O	Despite his threats to let me die if I got in his way , he just might jump in front of me if gunshots erupted .
tr	I	From what the Order understands , the mission to rescue Kellan Archer fucked was six ways from Sunday .
tr	I	She was pretty sure he could survive her without .
tr	O	The blow to Rachel 's side as they hit the incline drove the wind from her lungs and wrenched the ax from her hand .
tr	O	What used to be his seat .
tr	O	You could be a very valuable asset to him .
tr	O	I fight the urge to shut the glove box .
tr	I	Every time mother my whines about her jeans being too tight , it 's time to go back to Weight Watchers .
tr	O	There wasn 't even a fifty-fifty chance he 'd earn his investment back .
tr	O	This latest killing would send the whole thing national , inviting copycats from all over everywhere .
tr	I	He just inadvertently revealed what set off him .
tr	O	Well , it would soon all be there .
tr	O	She jumped out of the car faster than I could get my seat belt off .
tr	I	Caitlin rested a for while , and then chatted with Meg .
tr	I	Sure , she heard normal the noises , but nothing seemed too loud or out of the ordinary .
tr	I	She shivered slightly and he knew his reference to her being fully disturbed Carpathian her a little .
tr	I	For no apparent reason , she wandered up to the front door and checked the hole peep .
tr	I	Why did he have to be bloody so noble ?
tr	O	No reason to beat around the bush .
tr	I	The newspaper about articles the bank robbery .
tr	I	I shouted but my went words unheeded .
tr	O	When Danni rounded the corner , she spotted Darren walking ahead .
tr	I	We were lucky very .
tr	I	She a made round of her and Amy 's tables .
tr	O	His friends should not have to die as part of this bad blood between Roth and himself .
tr	I	All I wanted now was to down wind with a smoke , and then crash into bed .
tr	I	I have do a name !
tr	O	I 'm sorry I wasn 't around .
tr	I	A woman with sleek red hair that was up twisted on her head .
tr	I	Ultimately all those things appear which puzzling will make sense because we do happen to live in a universe of causes and effects .
tr	I	I was well aware I that wasn 't , you know , Miss Stability .
tr	O	There are some historic spots around here . '
tr	O	Suddenly I find myself looking at my mocktail intently .
tr	O	I 've never seen him drink .
tr	I	Sobbing uncontrollably , she dashed out of the room , without a sparing glance towards him .
tr	I	After his chores were done , his father him assigned extra homework .
tr	O	Now all the boats have rotted and fallen to bits in the harbor .
tr	I	But she then -- Yes , hmm .
tr	O	My mind steadily concocted a string of theories capable of turning my blood cold .
tr	O	She nibbled on cocktail shrimp and watched Slade work the room .
tr	O	17 We now had a new purpose and an altered perspective on many things in life .
tr	I	I try keep to my voice normal when I speak , but I fail .
tr	O	Denis regarded me for a long moment .
tr	I	I had to make it to street the .
tr	I	He ran outside room the and went back to François who was waiting outside .
tr	I	And I told you was it possible to feed - ' ' Kaspar ! '
tr	I	Valerie stopped near the edge of pool the .
tr	O	Ashe stood and stretched , allowing Trace enough time to walk over and pull one of Ashe 's ears , hauling him out of his office .
tr	I	Noelle went into the kitchen , dumped out a box dried of pasta into a bowl and tore the front off the cardboard box .
tr	O	Then Jase pulled up the blanket and top sheet to be sure Luis 's shoulders were covered .
tr	I	The boys huddled in the corners dry .
tr	I	She looked in directly my eyes and she lied .
tr	I	The question who was else I 'd screw along with me .
tr	O	Oberon will be here .
tr	O	Screams echoed out of the dark dungeon below , along with the clinking of chains against metal .
tr	O	With an Imperial Summons in his hand , Sage was likely to do anything .
tr	O	But I see you 've already taken care of breakfast .
tr	O	Why did you come back ? '
tr	O	Most of the youngsters can manage that , and accommodation is provided by the schools they visit and all internal travel by this school .
tr	O	He thought that someone had slipped the piece of paper into his manual as a prank , just to keep him awake at night .
tr	O	He complied , swapping remote glares with his irate sister .
tr	I	They said head her turned around backwards .
tr	O	Gavin sat on the edge of the bed and removed his pants .
tr	I	Chloe was there and some of other the kids Abby recognized from the party .
tr	O	We were connected on so many surprising levels .
tr	I	Of course campaign donations alone do not murderer a make .
tr	O	She nods and sits down on the bed beside me .
tr	I	She wasn 't there going .
tr	I	I leaned back in my booth , easy my smile still on my face .
tr	O	Adams was asked to transmit the profile of the DNA from the genitalia of the Frankenstein corpse .
tr	O	My father slipped on the vomit and my sister gagged , almost puking .
tr	I	Charles vaguely listened to the lecture while he thought of two the days coming his way .
tr	O	My one word sounded small in the night and I felt Cadmus tense at the sound .
tr	O	He lowered his hand to the side .
tr	O	They 'll surely tell us what they know .
tr	O	He rolled her over , pulling her on top of him .
tr	I	The man closer moved .
tr	I	It was almost more than could she do to nod in simple acknowledgment .
tr	I	The words shot from his like mouth deadly arrows .
tr	O	Not for a second .
tr	O	Think of all those people out there in the camps , in the Wilds ... like animals .
tr	O	The Mystic arched an eyebrow , very much interested in turning what his people feared into the fear of their enemies .
tr	O	We couldn 't live without it .
tr	O	When he realised Briggs was the only one who could help him , the tables turned and he was protected .
tr	I	The tiredness made feel him unnaturally old and vulnerable .
tr	I	I just nodded and slowly turned head my blankly , staring at my own toes .
tr	O	Then he ducked his head , and pressed his lips against the skin of my stomach , and all my thoughts disappeared .
tr	O	Initially Mitch and Anya Conyers ' experiments were simple .
tr	O	The three poured out and rushed along the corridor .
tr	I	He let fly more two sturdy arrows , sending the beast toppling over .
tr	O	Kate 's mouth fell open .
tr	O	Griffin and Adelaide had both possessed off-the-charts talent .
tr	I	You have finish to this .
tr	I	R wonders aloud , interrupting scene the again , and I feel a lurch as we swap places .
tr	I	Had Ellen let The Crew her threaten or bully her into putting her own children and grandchildren , as well as Rex , in danger ?
tr	O	And I can see that he 's enjoying the cramped quarters too .
tr	I	He grabbed my hand and held it the all way to his home .
tr	O	One day soon - or rather , one night - he was going to see it down and spread across his pillow .
tr	I	Because he knew she 't didn have one .
tr	O	There was a mole , if Karl 's story was true .
tr	O	I thought the little couches were an odd touch , since I 'd never seen a man actually sit on any of them .
tr	O	You can 't help but listen to your heart -- the damn thing won 't shut up until you do .
tr	O	I hung onto the slab for dear life , waiting it out until it was safe to get up .
tr	I	The muscles in Aden back 's rippled under his T-shirt .
tr	I	Gabriel simply caught her around her small waist and floated into the earth waiting with her .
tr	I	Maybe you could break human history down to being a struggle between the two sides of genetic humanities heritage .
tr	I	I the gave obvious answer and got off the line .
tr	O	The Robinsons pushed with all their collective weight down onto the thick branch jammed under the boulder .
tr	I	Now , I I knew couldn 't look at her .
tr	O	The water darkened his thick short hair to more of a light brown .
tr	I	Why did I defensive sound ?
tr	O	I start to panic when , all of a sudden , the warm water is splashed over me again , and I take a deep breath .
tr	O	My voice is ragged and slurry , almost unintelligible .
tr	I	Similar overtures had been sent to Nestor in Pylos and Menelaus Sparta in , we were told .
tr	I	You been 'd married .
tr	O	I sailed by him and landed in a tangled mess of my own limbs on the couch on the other side of the box .
tr	O	Sure , he brought his work home most nights , but this was a hell of a lot different .
tr	I	She backed up , seeing the look my on face .
tr	O	She could see his life slipping away , see the spark fading from his eyes , and all she could do was watch helplessly .
tr	O	I have watched him since we were children playing together in the ocean while our fathers fished together .
tr	I	But he was already shaking head his .
tr	O	Is this what love is supposed to be like ?
tr	I	A glass window slides into place between the front seats and the back , effectively soundproofing us the from driver .
tr	O	This one 's been off lay for months .
tr	I	Neither seemed man glad to see him .
tr	I	You can wear court the 's dresses , Vin , but make them your own .
tr	I	Spinning around , I clutched to it my chest as I breathed out a sigh of relief .
tr	I	It was all right there his in guidebook .
tr	O	I was still annoyed , but it was hard to stay mad at Trey .
tr	O	Breaking the tattoo hadn 't affected anything between us , but it - and the deeds I 'd done this weekend - had left me feeling bold .
tr	I	Dori got up and wandered to her window bedroom .
tr	O	But more than thinking himself superior to humans , he 'd thought himself superior to all races .
tr	O	Cheyenne decided to check out the back yard while she waited for Maggie to arrive .
tr	O	Retreat seemed the best choice .
tr	O	They work in our factories and on our farms .
tr	I	That much was enough obvious .
tr	O	He intercepted me just as my fingertips were inching past the waistband of his boxers .
tr	I	Opening the door , I poked my head in and saw him sitting at table a working on his laptop .
tr	O	I tossed the dirty sneaker in the trash where I had thrown the dirty sock only a few nights before .
tr	O	I thought that if I felt love , I would behave like they did .
tr	I	I spent the rest of the afternoon decorating my room in order to keep my mind off of what happened had .
tr	O	I 'm not strong enough .
tr	I	Far below the traffic of the living world passed , dots buses of and taxis in constant congestion .
tr	I	He wouldn 't have anything without left this job or his partner .
tr	I	She might have an uncanny new strength inner , but her dull mental processing could use some sharpening .
tr	O	I supposed I should rise and see whether anyone stood on the stairs beyond the door , but I did not have the strength .
tr	I	At least not unless he going was to finish what he started .
tr	O	She dared not dream of him when she was in human form , or around anyone else .
tr	O	We want her to be seen asking for our help .
tr	O	I walked over to the same window and watched him drive away .
tr	O	' Funny how he does that , ' Doc said .
tr	O	I did not see one police car , fire engine , or ambulance last night , so they can 't be operational .
tr	O	Then she checked the front room .
tr	I	His eyes followed Tom as the soldier slipped the book into his coat pocket climbed and in behind the coach .
tr	I	Now that she was close , he wanted all her of .
tr	O	He raised a skeptical eyebrow , but didn 't dispute that .
tr	O	I was experiencing a mating ritual of the most erotic and pleasurable kind .
tr	O	He would enjoy her company .
tr	O	A football flew past her face , kicked by one of two jocks running down the hall .
tr	O	My arm stretched out to the imprint on Jett 's pillow and touched the place where he had been sleeping a few hours ago .
tr	I	Josef fell back away Skyler from .
tr	I	The dogs slowly followed , their noses to the ground , smelling every inch of dirt , moss and vegetation along the way .
tr	I	But Gray didn 't think so and 't couldn exactly say why .
tr	I	I can the smell lingering whiffs of salad dressing and burger .
tr	O	Any man who had found his fortune in California or any man not willing to travel as far as the west coast hurried eagerly to the Platte .
tr	I	Cain heard the suspicion in Ned 's voice but managed to hang on to his temper by telling himself that wasn Ned 't thinking clearly .
tr	O	Shane let go of her .
tr	O	An explanation for why the spotlight chose that exact moment to come loose ?
tr	I	We would also have to be on wary our hikes , as they were constantly on patrol .
tr	I	He thought he almost at died the swing of that huge sword .
tr	O	And if I didn 't answer what would he do ?
tr	O	His features reflected a moment of embarrassment before he turned to assess the slender girl .
tr	I	Trying to keep her head high , she took a breath before opening door the to the room that held Ari and Rafe .
tr	O	It 's the same routine day after day .
tr	O	I feel like I slept on a mattress with no support because that is exactly what I did .
tr	O	The EOD had already run a full background check on Veronica , and , yes , the woman was as innocent as she looked .
tr	I	The royal family and the Spencer family were quite upset over whole the thing .
tr	O	With an effort , Jack wrenched his eyes back to the road .
tr	I	Della came to jolting a stop by Miranda .
tr	O	They were on an island .
tr	I	She gave him brightest her smile .
tr	O	A property for sale sign was placed in the yard .
tr	I	But the road to our was destination built with checkpoints by the National Guard , who enforcing the Marshal Law nationwide .
tr	I	And they were moving as the speakers moved , though I could see no one , leading and me by their movements .
tr	I	He reached for his cell and phone dialed as he sipped more coffee .
tr	O	What could they say to bring out the hoop that they hoped for ?
tr	O	Yet there was an appreciation that had grown on me .
tr	I	Poor Daddy , I 'm so proud of him for finally sticking up for today Ella .
tr	I	The quiet of roar the truck 's engine is the only sound as we drive .
tr	O	Gavin grabbed the soap and began cleaning the wound .
tr	O	The other man seemed surprised by the question .
tr	I	Suddenly , he was the implacable , indifferent man she 'd seen around town wearing a sardonic half grin as his trailed gaze after her .
tr	I	All anger was gone from the wild boy 's eyes , replaced with eagerness deep .
tr	I	This macho pride thing very was fragile , I knew .
tr	I	Its eyes were black and weeping more black and they stared into mine , inches away the through glass .
tr	O	There is no recovery feature here so don 't forget what you type in .
tr	I	Boots hastily excused and himself went dashing after the sound .
tr	O	Amos sat at a desk , reading from the top of a stack of papers .
tr	O	Claire did the same , cursing at her numb and clumsy fingers .
tr	O	Facing the smooth wall , I wondered what would happen if I simply walked back to his desk or even left .
tr	O	I do not slow as I glance quickly from one direction to the next .
tr	I	He expertly moved his fingers in and out of while me he slowly rubbed my aching cl * t in circles with his thumb .
tr	O	My client slipped while in interrogation .
tr	I	The look on Callie face 's told him she knew exactly who Sara was .
tr	O	He glanced at me and looked away .
tr	O	With a sacrifice made , the wolves retreat into the woods .
tr	O	If she could call it training .
tr	O	Something made her press the answer button .
tr	O	As it had been when he last saw her .
tr	I	I heard than rather saw the latest hiss of air parting for the latest long pointy object of death .
tr	I	Meanwhile , she could hear the clicking and of clacking padlocks as they were locked and bolted .
tr	I	A big glass was door held open for her by a man with generous proportions who could easily fill a blue suit .
tr	O	He 'd seen the evil in Latham .
tr	I	Another bright came light from my hands and exploded .
tr	O	I supposed for someone like Alex that wasn 't likely , but I was still curious .
tr	I	He had no shirt and his thin , body sinewy looked tough .
tr	O	I just nod , but I want to tell Layla that she 's been living a lie .
tr	O	CHAPTER SEVEN AMBER ATE DINNER alone that night , after Mike called to tell her he 'd be working late as a last-minute favor for a friend .
tr	O	And then something strange happened .
tr	I	She 'd seen already them anyway .
tr	O	I 'm just being smart .
tr	O	Haven looked up and saw a dirty grey sky , much the same color as the dirt that covered the ground .
tr	I	I sometimes thought he might have been hurt , but I only took gleeful satisfaction in that thought .
tr	I	There were of acres marble with gilt molding and crimson wall panels .
tr	O	Grace studied Pearl for a moment , she seemed fine now , back to her old self .
tr	I	She wanted to be the girl who 'd on gotten that bus and she wanted to see what her life and her future held .
tr	I	In mind his , he could let go the steel leg braces .
tr	O	And the kind of delay it can cause .
tr	O	She needs iron , high doses on a daily basis .
tr	I	The feeling reaffirmed itself when three boys in came .
tr	I	A bar called the 's Hunter Moon on Hester Street .
tr	O	His fingers slipped over the curve of my shoulders , and the crazy began .
tr	O	I needed something to do .
tr	O	Glancing at the clock , I see the game wil be on in a few minutes .
tr	O	That , and the irritating wet suck of his breathing .
tr	O	He was nodding like he was following me , but I didn 't think he was .
tr	I	Mum and Dad had been at one end of the hallway , at Nate the other .
tr	O	His explanation only provoked tears in Karen 's eyes .
tr	I	Tons of other also kids on spring break stood at the bar , flirting and doing shots .
tr	O	' Facility with language hath ever been a part of my nature . '
tr	O	The potential to inherit millions of dollars might be a motivating factor .
tr	O	She groaned her anguish .
tr	I	I my stopped beer a few inches from my lips .
tr	O	Why couldn 't she focus on that ?
tr	I	He ripped out what teeth were left in his mouth and left only squirmy the tongue lashing around inside .
tr	O	He lifted the little golden head up gently by the chin .
tr	I	He doesn know 't .
tr	O	My entire body flinches and I grimace .
tr	I	He opened hefty metal gates and waved the in van .
tr	I	The infiltration was accomplished in matter a of weeks .
tr	I	' Well if that 's so , ' Agnes quipped , ' explain to me then why you your abandoned university studies . '
tr	I	She had been back now for long too and nothing had changed .
tr	I	However , the all things he said belied his apparent wrath .
tr	I	I 't don argue my points .
tr	I	The fairy shrieked as the poured man himself into her .
tr	O	That pain was only beginning to hit them , but their minds continued to struggle against it , to refuse the reality of it .
tr	O	Not only because of the lavish first class seats , although those would be nice too .
tr	I	Why did Ethan stir her when both these of other men left her cold ?
tr	I	The old man started which filled will Walter glee and a sense of power .
tr	I	My hammering heart is making it hard me for to speak .
tr	O	But the Shifters had sent resources to help her , even when Misty knew Eric and Graham didn 't get along much of the time .
tr	O	Louise focussed her attention on them .
tr	O	I can pay cash .
tr	O	Pray , husband , get back into bed .
tr	I	Don 't know how exactly to describe it .
tr	O	Joan turned around to continue her fake search for Miranda .
tr	O	With slowing strokes , he shuddered and his body relaxed .
tr	O	If I concentrated on it , I felt like I could fly .
tr	I	she asks , her flushed cheeks .
tr	O	She slammed the door shut .
tr	I	So you 're these picking things up bit by bit -- if childishly slowly , I grant you .
tr	O	It seemed both he and Rina had a soft spot for family .
tr	I	To err human is .
tr	I	I took a deep breath and followed the compass and the faraway toward lights the Laramie base .
tr	I	Her swirled hair around her head like something out of a dream .
tr	O	Her pulse pounded in her throat .
tr	I	It was from coming the old bookshelf .
tr	O	He bowed to it and then , his hand inches above the blade , passed the flat of his palm over the length of the sword .
tr	I	CHAPTER TEN No , Graham wasn cured 't .
tr	I	Hiromi bared teeth her .
tr	O	She lifted the shirt off her body , revealing her creamy flesh to his gaze .
tr	I	Frustrated with the dream , I jumped into a hot shower got and dressed .
tr	O	The coast seemed clear but that didn 't calm my nerves much .
tr	I	How this is possible ?
tr	O	From deep in a cave behind him came the distant , hollow cries of other kids in the middle of one last thrill .
tr	O	A very nicely wrapped box .
tr	O	And I am sorry for any pain that has caused you .
tr	O	Working as an adjunct professor , while paying off far too much student debt , didn 't leave her enough to do more than make patchwork repairs .
tr	O	The hot acid of adrenaline splashed through her .
tr	I	Tough memories from her childhood , the she one worked to forget .
tr	I	It was an overhang , a overhang metallic , below which she made out grooves and straight edges as far as the eye could see .
tr	O	She took Elizabeth 's arm and steered her toward the door .
tr	O	He was still making such an effort to keep her at arm 's length for fear ... She didn 't know exactly what he feared .
tr	I	Ezra smiled to himself as friend his painfully pulled himself back up on his horse .
tr	O	And with the end of that one very significant kiss , he stood and lifted her into his arms and carried her to his car .
tr	O	The coffin had protected him from the harsh rays of the sun .
tr	O	He set his teeth .
tr	O	The troops were up and on the move well before dawn , traveling northward without incident as the sun climbed higher .
tr	O	Why don 't you ever listen to me ?
tr	I	Alec made short a sound , quickly muffled .
tr	O	Boss looked at the covered crates stacked and strapped in the center of the cargo bays and an idea formed in his mind .
tr	I	Her sadness reached out to Wren a in way nothing ever had before .
tr	O	She 'd done this before ; she was no innocent .
tr	O	Sometimes , in breeding , there was kissing , but with her , his whole body caught fire .
tr	O	I can feel the thud of his heartbeat and the rise and fall of his breathing .
tr	O	A butler who was , of course , so much more than a butler .
tr	O	The tension that had lifted over the last few days pounced on me again like a cat playing with a wounded sparrow .
tr	I	She twice nodded , firmly .
tr	I	It had worked for three months , he and knew he could do it forever .
tr	I	And was she still the most beautiful girl in the world , and loving .
tr	O	Miranda said before turning to go .
tr	I	Michael toppled out the and window fell heavily on the road .
tr	I	The tight grip on his shield loosened in degrees small .
tr	I	If the of exterior the Cock and Bull had looked seedy , the inside was positively depressing .
tr	I	Coming back him to .
tr	I	She knew that it would benefit not only Conner , the but whole family if he moved out to their farm .
tr	I	In slightly than less four hours , they arrived tired , foot sore , blistered , and thirsty .
tr	O	That was okay though , I didn 't have any qualms about taking back what was mine from either of them .
tr	O	They kidnapped several of ' your people ' also and stole DNA from them !
tr	O	He didn 't want to improvise his first title match .
tr	I	Apparently arrangement his with Oliver had sparked an idea , and Walt was now willing to trade newspaper space for goods and services .
tr	O	The Sergeant Major , seated to Destro 's right , handed him a sheet of paper .
tr	O	We talked for a little bit , and then I moved on .
tr	I	His black hair has turned so white it now to appears glow .
tr	I	Tench did remember times those , she sixteen , he eighteen .
tr	I	Everything in her said she needed to stand up , get ready fight to .
tr	O	I saw a glimpse of the sadness in his eyes before he looked away and stepped back .
tr	O	It was the truth .
tr	I	Then she had another , even horrible more thought .
tr	I	If he worked doubles or was gone for reason whatever , I forgot to eat .
tr	I	She gasped loudly and it made me flinch as seeing she was holding the curling iron awfully close to my face .
tr	I	He took his head and blew up his house and now I guess 's he after all the money .
tr	I	She looked at down the ring , then back up at him .
tr	I	But somehow Esther made him safe feel ; he did not know how .
tr	O	That surprised a laugh out of him .
tr	I	Besides , I can 't just sit in my car for the half next hour and count down the minutes .
tr	I	When that didn 't work , I decided play to along .
tr	O	Most of the windows had no glass in them , or their panes were cracked .
tr	O	He gently placed his hand under my chin and tilted my face toward his .
tr	O	He looks less displeased than I have ever seen him .
tr	I	He brushed merely past me .
tr	O	The rain was coming and she knew turning back now would be to surrender to another cold , wet night shivering beneath that tree stump .
tr	I	' Are you saying that you cannot take on this General task ? '
tr	O	He pulled me down onto our bed so that we were lying side by side .
tr	O	* * * After leaving the hospital my very first stop was the Clarence household .
tr	I	I could tell she irritated was with my response .
tr	O	I wondered if Daphne would have the same healing power that Metis did when the Valkyrie 's magic final y quickened .
tr	O	Not only did he hate the sand , that was now riding up his shorts , he was also deathly afraid of what lurked in ocean water .
tr	O	Emma asks as she attempts to stifle an uncomfortable fit of laughter .
tr	I	She hadn 't had sex in a while and the sensation was tight deliciously , and he seemed to fill her completely .
tr	I	He it imagined had been a chore for her to write that much and spell it correctly .
tr	O	He turned his head within my grasp just enough to kiss my palm .
tr	I	Then choked he out an explosion that caused his entire body to jerk and shudder .
tr	O	The guy just didn 't seem to have anyone he could rely on .
tr	O	She wanted to stay in her perfect little bubble with Dante .
tr	I	But wasn Ryan 't ready to believe that easily .
tr	I	' I 'll certainly wave I if see you Brian , down there or anywhere else . '
tr	I	Heat exploded inside her as responded he .
tr	I	How could she believe that he would turn into a model ... citizen just because ?
tr	O	She gritted her teeth as his lips moved against her knuckles .
tr	O	He was about to meet the person in charge of bringing him here .
tr	O	Logan instructs me over the phone .
tr	I	The aching from holding my arm aloft my slowed progress .
tr	I	Edie opened the car door 's and helped pull him inside .
tr	O	He sits down so close that his knees graze my legs .
tr	I	They had ropes wrapped around his neck and at least thirty men were to trying pull the beast to the ground .
tr	I	He hit 'd Dominic with a more deadly corporate blow .
tr	O	He felt positive that it would be a breach of etiquette to inquire as to his employer 's identity .
tr	I	When she was younger and thinner and didn 't have those harsh frown lines around her eyes and mouth or that of look desperation in her eyes .
tr	O	They had hard faces , wary eyes , and Tavi saw the hilt of a sword beneath the cloak of the third man .
tr	I	Never , not even in her wildest dreams , would ever she have imagined a man drawing a sword on another on her behalf .
tr	I	When people failed to pair up on their own , marriages in were Pines often suggested .
tr	O	Her fingers splayed across his chest as she gripped him firmly with her legs .
tr	O	He turned his head toward the road as if listening for something , but the pit bull had stopped barking .
tr	I	Another girl ran over to us and gave me apologetic an look .
tr	O	Officer After 's dimples faded .
tr	O	' That 's a bit too much of a coincidence . '
tr	I	The man spoke nary a word , simply pointing smiling and .
tr	I	I love those mother crazy fuckers , even Lucas and Dave .
tr	I	He tucked the in letters his pocket .
tr	O	Too much time had passed .
tr	O	A doctor ducked through the tent 's canvas opening and held it open behind him .
tr	O	He reached up into the silkiness of her hair and remove the elastic band to let it spill on the carpet .
tr	I	Gumshoe spun around he but was too slow .
tr	I	I needed a form with speed and stamina and a sufficiently reputation intimidating to keep other creatures at a distance .
tr	O	He didn 't think they were going to let him walk .
tr	I	The moment law a is broken , aliens lose all rights .
tr	O	He looked at me in disgust .
tr	O	Violet stuck her nose in the air and glared at Blake .
tr	O	I breathed in hard as Kennan braced himself to finish a story that was not often spoken .
tr	O	I raised my left hand and manifested a small fire ball to see what was immediately around me .
tr	O	I love them , they say all that shit about Adam and Eve is ass backwards , God is the devil and the devil is good .
tr	I	Gordian pushed one back and ordered away them .
tr	O	Heads snap toward the sound .
tr	O	Before I could stop her , Dee was at the young man 's side .
tr	I	But respect I that .
tr	I	I actually feel better before than .
tr	O	Still , Gabriel was never too far from my thoughts .
tr	O	Teresa naked on the bed .
tr	O	You 're going to the camp .
tr	O	He looked to his feet , which was now upward , and saw a small light in the distance .
tr	I	I wouldn 't have been surprised at all if she flipped through the and air landed on the roof .
tr	I	Instead , he was taking it in stride , as if had he done it before .
tr	O	A grin crept across Evan 's face .
tr	I	She had merely seen face his in her mind , that was all .
tr	O	Unless you crack open your skull , the eyes are the only visible part of the brain .
tr	I	he whispered and he lay the ground hard .
tr	I	Unless , of course , she 'd seen it when she 'd against brushed the stranger in the hall .
tr	I	Each stall was numbered , information cards hung on every stall door , and he didn 't which know one .
tr	I	Kelly chose the spaghetti they place had been to before .
tr	I	But I retain a few memories fragmented on the subject .
tr	O	I pulled my shirt over my head and worked loose the bandage from my chest .
tr	O	He must have watched the entire scene unfold .
tr	O	It was slicked back into spikes .
tr	O	They ordered and sooner than he expected the waitress had brought their meals to them .
tr	I	The harp gleamed the in sun as the last wrapping came off .
tr	I	All suffered emotionally as the humiliating order was given by the Lady Condor was who also a foreigner and openly supported Woodpecker !
tr	O	His whole body felt heavier , as though it mocked him for even thinking he could be thin .
tr	I	Hunter glanced over shoulder his .
tr	O	Pam was weakening before my eyes , and she would not be able to restrain Hallow much longer .
tr	O	Across the bottom , Beatrice had written , Some stories are meant to be told .
tr	O	Rick , with his toe , pressed the emergency button on the floor of his car .
tr	I	Or had he been reborn yet again by the of will his dread mistress ?
tr	I	It was not quite 4 P.M. , but she texted had Jeff to let him know she was leaving .
tr	O	I think I understand .
tr	I	He fantastically was wealthy .
tr	I	' As you know , all and trial error brings its hiccups . '
tr	O	Her parents are archaeologists , and Alexa spends her life being dragged from one dusty dig to another .
tr	O	Only the faintest tremor suggested that the statement was a question .
tr	O	And he laughed half-heartedly .
tr	I	Taking them off , he rubbed his eyes until they ached from the pressure of fingers his .
tr	O	And even though I hoped to keep him as a friend , I knew without a doubt I would always choose Ryder .
tr	I	She wasn moving 't .
tr	O	Mac and Isabella 's adopted daughter had red hair a similar shade to Isabella 's , steady brown eyes , and a burgeoning intelligence .
tr	I	Laughter greeted statement that .
tr	I	Perhaps , at this age young , he had already made himself into a light sleeper in case dad came home .
tr	I	Suddenly , there was explosion an by Jin 's foot , throwing him back into the ring .
tr	I	He watched as she ran her hands down her neck , her to chest , her stomach .
tr	I	* * * I 've home been for almost a week .
tr	I	If I had noticed cold how Lucas felt to the touch , then his mother could , too .
tr	I	What kind of is world this ?
tr	O	There 's been a mistake .
tr	I	They loved each other and they did not know they that suffered .
tr	O	A few minutes later , they had their drinks in hand .
tr	O	I decide that 's best , considering how agitated Gavin is .
tr	O	He stood with his hands on his hips , looking down at the smiling inmate .
tr	I	As the boys left the hall they passed an display aircraft .
tr	O	I watched as she continued to laugh manically , which further angered me .
tr	I	' I sorry 'm , yes . '
tr	O	She thought briefly of Jennifer from her class and how broken up the little girl was over her family deteriorating .
tr	I	The rage in cold those eyes chilled me to the bone .
tr	I	As far as Hugh had concerned been , no Sin would enter .
tr	I	Was she really going there , from right the beginning ?
tr	O	She had smelled it often enough as a child when the DPS was still actively hunting them .
tr	I	The barrel of the weapon lowered slightly the but eyes were still wild in almost uncontrolled fury .
tr	I	Cheetahs were the fastest animals in the world ; panthers probably weren that 't far behind .
tr	I	It 't wasn a limo but Jess assumed that was done on purpose .
tr	I	But Abraham wasn 't going to the force girl to do anything .
tr	I	Barry Radcliff was secondary their target .
tr	O	' Who 's going to stop it ?
tr	I	She never in her life had been able to , even when it might have been the smart to thing do .
tr	O	I 'd give my right arm for that icy cave about now .
tr	O	They 'd run too far , and it became obvious that we were getting farther and farther behind , so we came back .
tr	I	The more he was with her in such an extreme situation , more the he admired her .
tr	I	After a few days that had felt like a lifetime , her great had gamble ended in failure in the blink of an eye .
tr	O	The girl looked puzzled for a moment .
tr	O	I nodded , hoping he was right , but not feeling confident .
tr	I	Everywhere went he , it seemed the news preceded him .
tr	I	There were omelets and crepes , a of variety delicious pastries and meats .
tr	I	The red sun breached the line of earth and sky and the light morning beamed in warmly through the glazing .
tr	I	His self-defence death and his person of interest in another death case linked were .
tr	I	First he had to Amadeus find .
tr	O	That took her off guard .
tr	I	It raised my ass up , giving him access better to me .
tr	O	Cursing , I shifted gears , moved forward until I got off the curb , switched off the engine , and jumped out of the car .
tr	O	She frowned and pointed in the opposite direction .
tr	I	And why would Barrett meet her his in office ?
tr	I	Chris got the to office a few minutes late , diverted only a little by a trip to Lotta Latte .
tr	I	I looked and away bit my lip .
tr	I	And when we 're done , 'll we find you a Portal , and you can Lift back home .
tr	I	Josef could see the tension in the man , but there was something about it was that out of proportion to the situation .
tr	O	he asked , his forehead wrinkled .
tr	O	They looked eager to taste a victim 's flesh .
tr	O	They are headed over to my ship .
tr	I	I couldn change 't anything .
tr	O	Callum 's blood ran cold .
tr	O	She moved into the apartment across the hall in the building where Kiera had been living .
tr	O	Then she 's unexpectedly kissing me again .
tr	I	The old woman decided should she say something else so she added .
tr	I	' Where Longbow is ? '
tr	I	Gabe bowed his head , spoke something back , and then he kissed his 's daughter forehead .
tr	O	They were pale and fat , both wearing sweats from Wal-Mart .
tr	I	Eventually he would inherit company the .
tr	O	Her arms were crossed over her chest , and while she stood intimately close to the blond , she scanned the room with an almost mechanical precision .
tr	O	Mary Alice was risking everything for me , her friend .
tr	O	Her face was lit up like a little kid .
tr	I	No , you don 't have redeeming any qualities , but since when does anyone need to be extraordinary to be loved ?
tr	O	She handed it to him .
tr	I	Colin had stretched out to his full reach and touched the edge of spill the , then brought his finger to his nose and sniffed .
tr	I	A week 's travelling had told her precisely nothing about him apart from name his .
tr	I	There was no window open .
tr	I	Suddenly , there is the of sound footsteps as the guards that had been stationed outside begin to ascend into the barn .
tr	O	He was now an expert at kissing .
tr	I	I notice Jane my has gun grasped in her hand .
tr	O	Her coming out party was only two months away .
tr	O	Do you really believe climaxing equates with love ?
tr	O	She crept slowly in the right lane , almost hugging the shoulder , while irate drivers went around her .
tr	I	Come on , Diana , you know this all as well as I do .
tr	I	A scrawny tailor with a late customer paused to watch him ; by he held up the lamp in his window for a better look .
tr	O	She was merely drawing some deeper conclusions , things someone close to the situation wouldn 't be able to see as easily .
tr	O	Sam and Hastings exchanged a look .
tr	O	Sure , the thought had crossed her mind , as it had Derek 's , but not until Holiday said it did it feel real .
tr	I	The husband and child not have been seen since .
tr	O	He unfolded it again , and held it up as evidence .
tr	O	He really had hurried .
tr	I	' And are so you . '
tr	I	Her vision misted , and she looked at down Miranda .
tr	I	He closed his eyes the and quiet rumble got louder and louder .
tr	O	The tow shuttle contained no weaponry , using the cargo room for extra fuel instead .
tr	I	He made a disgusted sound - but whether that for was me or himself , I had no idea - and turned his back .
tr	I	I had no idea happened what to them during the commotion .
tr	O	Angry , he yanked it from his pocket .
tr	I	I expect the older man to be the head Guardian , but it out turns to be her .
tr	I	That meant were there only three of us in the limo heading for Bliss , Eleanor , Jorge and myself .
tr	O	Was he gaining strengths ?
tr	O	In love there are no exceptions to those rules .
tr	I	Jon swallowed , to trying work up the courage to ask the question on his mind .
tr	I	Standing up , she turned around so her aunt could help unfasten gown her .
tr	O	He suddenly slipped on his ring , and to the great astonishment of the dwarves he vanished .
tr	O	Hopefully , he had run off in the woods behind the station because they would have him in no time .
tr	I	With a flash and a ping , a shower of sparks and hot burst metal out from the door .
tr	I	My hands to began sweat and my firm grasp had weakened .
tr	I	And , the with urge over her , Sonia liked his mood .
tr	I	He won 't look at up me .
tr	O	The husky purr drifted toward her ears .
tr	O	It was the only way to lose the dogs .
tr	O	Hutton looked at the camera .
tr	I	I going was to run .
tr	I	Dad really needed do to background checks or something .
tr	O	Savanna returned a few minutes later with Cuddles nestled in her arms like she was the damn thing 's personal throne .
tr	I	Monk sank to his side , on leaning his stump .
tr	I	Her shirt was slipping away , gone beneath the expert movement of hands his .
tr	O	Sterling 's back was to us as she placed the box on the bed and began opening it .
tr	I	He 'd grown so attached it to he refused to pick out something new .
tr	I	His eyes radiant became .
tr	I	You are right that my one ship could not easily glass planet this .
tr	O	She heard the thump of boxes being set on the counter .
tr	I	Italian trains are so different from ours , always and an adventure .
tr	I	Well , not exactly wanted ; I but knew it was better all the way around if Eric didn 't recall our little fling .
tr	O	- But what did you answer to the offer ?
tr	I	I can 't get the mare goddess out of my head : the timbre of her voice , the imagined feel of breath her on my skin .
tr	O	He goes with me to the interview , which is being held in Ward 's penthouse suite .
tr	O	From the rim of the channel they commanded the top of the outlaws ' rock outcrop , and all the outfall from the southern face of it .
tr	I	Great , now I 've led him on even more and managed to make myself look an like idiot , all at the same time .
tr	O	I knew him well enough to know when he was burying shit deep inside .
tr	O	I 'm busy right now .
tr	O	I 'll smear your reputation all over the city .
tr	O	Why hadn 't he been able to sense that Jessie could not be trusted ?
tr	I	Soon Jessica could why see .
tr	O	It runs six feet in diameter inside my bedroom .
tr	O	But Mel antagonized every child we thought was suited to our situation , got them to turn nasty .
tr	I	Best to his bide time .
tr	O	The intern looked a bit like a raccoon in a wig .
tr	I	She spoke even to Vince , who got on the extension .
tr	O	A red glow lit the night sky a mile away .
tr	O	We think it only makes good sense .
tr	I	Her little face loomed before his eyes , those plump rosy cheeks , dark large eyes , and hair curling to her shoulders .
tr	O	But even Travis isn 't at the top of the food chain .
tr	I	And there was a moment rare of calm .
tr	I	I stared back , wishing I could download my memory onto a DVD and play it Officer for Quinlan .
tr	O	Hopefully this conference with the couples that Dr. Phelps had mentioned would start soon .
tr	O	He glared at Albert .
tr	I	No more rushing into for engagements me .
tr	I	Before his father died , James asked his mother if he could a get watch of his own .
tr	I	They were faster walking .
tr	O	As she spoke , she moved away from him , a delicate feminine retreat .
tr	I	After dozen a rings , Kira let out a curse , then hung up and dialed again .
tr	I	I scurried by , not particularly wanting meet to the eyes of any of the people on that pew , especially Lynn .
tr	O	I smirk and hold the chair and Brand twists himself from the car and drops into it , all without managing to put weight on his leg .
tr	I	Black box white - box .
tr	I	By the time we reached my station he 't didn have an original thought in his head .
tr	O	Doubtful but his corporate brainwashing made him believe he needed to check in all the time .
tr	O	The fireball burst from her hands and with explosive force screeched toward her enemies .
tr	O	You 'd be my wife , because that 's how it always should have been .
tr	O	I do not ask for Sam back , although that is all I really want .
tr	O	In accordance , he stood there mutely , his mouth flapping open and closed like a suffocating fish .
tr	I	Yes , ridiculously fucking sexy .
tr	O	The flood of passion welling up in her to meet his darkest cravings .
tr	I	Martin turned his in brother .
tr	I	The only exception was for weddings , when it became bridal the chamber .
tr	O	I 'd never thought of it that way .
tr	O	You finally overcame your lawyerly skepticism enough to actually believe in something !
tr	I	I 've no idea what how or .
tr	I	The ancient port Zanzibar of remained the crossroads for people of every race and color .
tr	O	She put her hand over her mouth and shook her head in disbelief .
tr	O	It wasn 't quite as large in square footage , but it had nine bedrooms and plenty of extra room for our guests .
tr	I	Kevin asked before I get could the words out .
tr	O	I 'd been out there for too long already .
tr	O	I pretended not to notice the redness in his eyes .
tr	I	She asks , never looking up the from stack .
tr	I	She refused to give in to the fear she that might lose this child , too .
tr	I	Cassidy inhaled the scent of his coat again while Diego sat still very .
tr	O	Romulus picked it up gently , careful not to tear any of the loose , yellowed pages , and opened the cover .
tr	O	Alessia was now a young woman herself , almost past her last growing stage , at last only a head shorter than him .
tr	O	He thought he had lost me again .
tr	I	His eyes roamed over her a like physical caress .
tr	I	Everyone in the knew city .
tr	O	Wolf Eyes congratulated Red Talon , who would teach the boy when he came of age .
tr	O	It was like a ribbon of light in the darkness , this sound .
tr	O	He does appear to have some rugged good looks , so perhaps there one can find the explanation as to why Miss Hanson agreed to employ him .
tr	O	I were marked and scarred and bloody and filthy , but today I weren 't going to hide my face .
tr	I	Well , why 't shouldn she ?
tr	O	It 'd look like a prank .
tr	I	He it hoped would get around .
tr	O	Jamie ordered a lemonade from the outdoor cafe before we went inside .
tr	I	The guard dropped the flashlight to smashed the floor .
tr	I	She found had him .
tr	I	She reached the top first and had a to moment catch her breath before he was once more standing too close for comfort .
tr	I	The jolt of that intensely satisfying fullness took Emily straight to the edge of again climax .
tr	I	By sunset I had long forgotten what tux the was going to cost me .
tr	O	On second thought , Ted came to the conclusion that he didn 't feel like himself at all .
tr	O	That stopped him for a moment .
tr	O	I walked away quietly and thought I heard a long sigh , but nothing else .
tr	I	If kept he it up , they might wind up friends .
tr	I	But the plain door that was behind them didn have 't number , and it seemed that it leads to the utility room .
tr	I	The fear of his losing son gripped him constantly .
tr	I	He dragged his up gaze her body until he reached her eyes .
tr	I	What was wrong , was my concept of what beautiful is .
tr	I	Her mom nervously chuckled .
tr	I	If nothing else , felt it better to have another body at the table .
tr	I	The passed day but time gave me no reprieve .
tr	O	I suppose it 's a good thing .
tr	I	Some were exclaiming over the cake asking and if everyone was going to get a piece .
tr	I	Her begged mind for caffeine .
tr	I	The man I had thought was a to puppet the Syndicate was now sacrificing himself for the better good of others !
tr	O	She wondered how she was supposed to explain that to anyone to make them understand .
tr	I	I raised my hands in front of me to cover face my so I could concentrate .
tr	I	Before Clary could answer , the double doors of the Hall swung open , spilling light out over the arcade pillared and the steps below it .
tr	I	Samuel looked up at Sebastian and removed hand his .
tr	I	The is house lit up by candles .
tr	I	No could one deny that she was beautiful .
tr	I	Holding a steady of flow the blue electricity had a downside as well as upside .
tr	I	Their mutual of sigh relief was very loud in the quiet corridor .
tr	I	I my shake head .
tr	I	Reluctant at first , soon Kay got into the spirit of things .
tr	I	She 's the reason 've I been able to spend this time with Cassie .
tr	I	Yeah , let I that bastard hit me .
tr	O	I think she had been a dancer , a burlesque queen , up in Baltimore .
tr	O	In the future , that is .
tr	I	What wrong was with me ?
tr	I	They for yearned one familiar sight in their path .
tr	O	You 've been allowed to remain children most of your lives .
tr	O	Instead , he turned his head towards Hugh .
tr	I	Of course , soon I 'd move into rehabilitation be and around alcohol and drug addicts .
tr	O	He had no control over these feelings .
tr	O	I walked across the room and stood over him .
tr	I	How could one man think in so many directions , connect so many things not and go insane .
tr	I	Others believe that they are agents the of Enemy .
tr	I	Maybe old some ideas simply refused to die .
tr	O	That sounds pretty good to me right about now .
tr	O	He took another bite of the sandwich and washed it down with another slug of Pepsi .
tr	I	Misty had no what idea he said , but she loved his voice , clung to the sound .
tr	I	She examined closely him .
tr	O	He didn 't sound too happy to hear from me .
tr	O	I believed that until I met Michael twenty-three years later .
tr	O	Lou regained his footing and was standing chest deep in the river 10 feet away from shore .
tr	I	By the bleary eyed dawn , they were both stumbling to back a room rented by Avery .
tr	O	Four men , three women and four children .
tr	O	The letters were a little misaligned and the spacing was off .
tr	O	A year , two jobs and a broken marriage later he declared himself on the mend .
tr	I	One of the Arabs and shouted threw out his hand , pointing to the far side of a level area .
tr	I	But he on rounded me .
tr	O	When we stepped inside , I saw him almost immediately .
tr	O	Turning back to her computer , she Googled Better Life Adoption Agency and came up empty .
tr	I	Like I would turn ever her down .
tr	I	You dad and are getting a divorce .
tr	O	We all took things to keep , and the rest went into a large box that now sits in Mum and Dad 's cupboard .
tr	I	She didn 't him force to come , though .
tr	O	He bowed his head as if the weight of the past was too heavy to bear .
tr	I	I slid finger one down the length of his shaft , making his low reply unintelligible .
tr	O	Some of his conversation filtered through and Kate dropped the book onto her lap and watched as Carlo 's face turned impassive again .
tr	I	He was gangly , and of reeked a child 's blood .
tr	O	The hurdle of command awaits her leap of faith .
tr	O	, he said crouching down to look into my eyes .
tr	O	I was already at the topmost step that led to the rock wall which served as the entrance to the port .
tr	I	So what 's the difference if we have sex here or back Athens in .
tr	O	The chief lay on a grass mat , covered in sweat and breathing heavily .
tr	I	You know , now that he 's bonded you to , he needs a name .
tr	I	That fact seemed please to Sam .
tr	I	Octavia enters , that bizarre smile still programmed into muscles her .
tr	O	He lowered a joyful Electra to the ground and looked at her .
tr	O	His words made me flush .
tr	I	I sit on it when put I my shoes on in the morning .
tr	O	' But we aren 't going back the way we came . '
tr	O	For a moment the wind ceased to blow , and the insects in the bayou were silent .
tr	I	The phone and rang Stacy nearly jumped out of her gold sandals .
tr	O	I rolled my eyes making her punch my arm playfully .
tr	I	Nora looked tired ; her skin , normally pale , now appeared have to the translucence of bone china .
tr	I	Her whole body was throbbing like volcano a about to explode .
tr	I	Wayne sat down next to me and up picked the picture .
tr	I	He heard the door close , and he heard the keypad beep confirm to it was locked .
tr	O	Kim 's mother hadn 't even made the briefest of appearances at their graduation ceremony .
tr	I	The Panthers were their using last time out .
tr	O	Something so important , but you didn 't know what to do with it ?
tr	O	I nod , feeling disappointed , and dip my oar in the water to help him turn the kayak .
tr	I	Half - frozen were students already stumbling back inside for shelter and to get away from the fighting .
tr	O	He wonders why the Americans are suddenly leaving the surrounding area .
tr	O	I want you as far away from my men and our art as possible .
tr	O	This prowler is very real .
tr	O	He dropped his feet noisily onto the coffee table and flicked the TV on using magic once again .
tr	O	One dark eyebrow rose in doubt , but Dominic remained silent .
tr	O	Though the option was just a simple yes or no , it was still hard to decide .
tr	I	Gertrude looked her at in surprise .
tr	I	He had a second backpack close by was that loaded with barely anything .
tr	I	Zane stood on the balcony , figure his a black silhouette in the mists .
tr	I	I laughed as I slung my purse over shoulder my .
tr	I	The town needs sort some of small library , doesn , t it ?
tr	I	Helen stepped and back assumed her regal pose .
tr	O	The entire staff knew of Mike 's sixth sense and how he used it as a guiding force .
tr	O	They watched for a long half hour as John sat in a chair , head lowered , and was still .
tr	I	Jared was about to turn around and walk away when heard he a strange sound .
tr	O	I stared at the laminate tabletop , counting the cigarette burns .
tr	O	She moves back and then hugs Kayden too .
tr	O	Some minor renovations done some twenty years before had only severed to make it look worse .
tr	O	She stares at her painted toenails .
tr	I	He proceeded to strip of me all my clothes .
tr	I	Tench waved but received no response the form old waterman , even though he was sure the man had seen him on the causeway .
tr	I	She really missed Ruth and if Ruth were there at least this all would be a big laugh .
tr	O	The pain keeps getting further away , and it feels incredible .
tr	I	It was a shock real when he shifted into this young body .
tr	O	James didn 't raise his voice , but the intensity of it changed in such a way that he might as well have shouted .
tr	I	Not so trivial all after .
tr	O	The old one was down and the new sign was going up with his corporate name on it .
tr	I	She tried to it hide , but she was mean and didn 't like being here .
tr	O	He gave a funny little laugh .
tr	O	He felt shaky over the whole experience .
tr	I	My eyes with filled light .
tr	O	I had already gnawed the skin off around my fingers and had begun to pick at the hole in my jeans .
tr	O	With eyes that glittered with hate .
tr	O	She must have realized when she glanced up that her explanation didn 't mean a thing to him .
tr	O	And even though he 'd assured her that wasn 't the case , she knew better .
tr	O	Her thighs were crisscrossed with what must have been dozens , perhaps hundreds of scars , some fresh and pink , others faded and years old .
tr	O	Still holding it by the point , he raised the bolt to eye level and sighted down it , checking for defects .
tr	I	It was constant a battle .
tr	I	I flushed embarrassing with anger at the thought .
tr	O	He sucked in each breath and spit it back out , his chest heaving with exertion .
tr	O	Connor thanked Gennady and Lyudmila for agreeing to help him .
tr	I	When looked he up the road , he saw a bus headed his way .
tr	I	Before long the pursuers had come half distance the from the edge of the plain .
tr	O	I could have broken free , but I didn 't want to hurt him .
tr	O	Sarah silenced his question with another deep kiss and let her actions be her answer .
tr	I	He won 't get close enough me for to get something into his mouth .
tr	O	Caden and the others tailed close behind , in case of trouble .
tr	O	I nodded to him and took his hand when he smiled and offered it .
tr	I	If I were any other girl , I 'd be excited that just showing up will count for half my of participation grade in Physics .
tr	I	He wasn 't going to Grace call .
tr	O	Unlike the ears of the Hopping Grass Eater , some of these creatures had curled or straight horns .
tr	O	So far , the clues have come from Harley 's paintings or the Recorder Hall .
tr	O	he joked and I threw a coffee stirrer at him .
tr	I	He couldn 't resist and it grabbed her to him .
tr	O	Valerie had turned to him , and buried her face against him .
tr	I	asked Daisy , her gaze remaining fixed the on screen .
tr	O	He wiped dampness from his cheeks .
tr	I	Gary was his in late twenties , with bright blue eyes and hair down to his shoulders .
tr	I	< [ 29 ] > wasn Renzo 't horribly surprised when an unscheduled helicopter flew into view .
tr	O	A loud , unhappy baby didn 't sound like something Trevor cared to experience .
tr	O	The mattress was worn and concave .
tr	I	Shawn was especially angry the about entire process .
tr	I	So no , didn I 't care about the curl of Jenny 's lip , or the pig noises she made surreptitiously .
tr	O	His classical bone structure took well to the moonlight that bathed him in silver .
tr	I	Simon caught her up , lifting her from feet the floor .
tr	O	It 's the way it works .
tr	O	They settled into an old Airstream trailer and constructed a crude laboratory in a rebuilt barn hidden deep in the Pines .
tr	O	Tension made his neck and back ache .
tr	O	She needed to be on her guard around him .
tr	O	This mare was a pale pewter with a white mane and tail .
tr	O	Josef took another sip of tea and allowed the silence to fill the couple 's minds with whatever thoughts it might .
tr	O	Picking it up , she was struck by a crazy idea .
tr	I	I nodded as I slipped it in pocket my .
tr	O	For them , music was as natural as speaking or walking , and so they expounded upon the melody and the song grew .
tr	I	Emma sits upon the floor concrete .
tr	I	You 've already given me the note , so just lock and up I can wait outside .
tr	I	His hands slowly roamed over her shirt until she moaned and leaned back , him giving permission to explore the sensitive skin below .
tr	I	The impatient mother wastes no time , and uses her forehead to the nudge door open .
tr	I	Shayne stood me over , dressed in a business suit .
tr	I	It was wrong but couldn she 't help it .
tr	I	A moment Magnus later spoke again .
tr	I	Electra heard behind her back when tried she to get inside the kitchen without dropping the dishes off the tray .
tr	O	She called the partner she worked for , at home .
tr	O	Doo Ri ignored her , but blushed some more .
tr	O	But it is the closest she has to a friend .
tr	I	Then his came new favorite cafe .
tr	O	And she needed to prove to herself that she was strong enough to handle a forceful man without losing herself .
tr	I	Madison with visited the couple a little while longer , finishing her cup of coffee and welcoming a few more early morning regulars .
tr	I	Linc shook head his .
tr	I	I don even 't mean to say it aloud .
tr	O	I look down at the sink , pretending to watch the last of the water as it swirls down the drain .
tr	I	James , my brother younger cried out , excitedly .
tr	O	Deck had even met the guy who invented them .
tr	O	I don 't know what they 're grabbing , but I know why they don 't have much time .
tr	O	It was completely useless for learning how to deal with clients .
tr	I	Had time and distance dulled feelings his ?
tr	I	Connor nearly says spitting in his face .
tr	I	He didn 't them take .
tr	I	He a was snake .
tr	I	The world changing was .
tr	I	Adam didn 't give people much time to find out : only much as time as he 'd give himself .
tr	O	I finished passionately and leaned my head against his shoulder .
tr	I	Then , he walked off the terrace , into his offices , as just if he were any other normal man .
tr	O	His shrewd intellect only served to enhance his hunting abilities .
tr	O	Was there any role outside of the military that he didn 't disapprove of ?
tr	I	Before long , we to crossed the Willow Land and slammed into its freezing temperatures .
tr	I	I stopped in my and tracks turned slowly .
tr	I	She saw fear anger and collide in his eyes .
tr	I	It was so much easier for Sunny to stick out it here .
tr	O	Gwen disappears into the back door of the house .
tr	O	Cook looked horrified , and fetched Mr. Meyer .
tr	O	On a rectangular plate , Suki had arranged four California rolls .
tr	I	I did my best to duck my head while keeping my chin in place on fiddle my .
tr	O	She had been so pretty , so full of life and cheer and love .
tr	I	And he now was .
tr	O	It closed with a soft snap .
tr	I	It had to have come from Tom , but didn he 't want her to know that .
tr	I	I back choked a sob .
tr	O	It occurred to her then that someone was talking .
tr	I	Out of the corner of my abused eyes , I see Tori slip down the toward hall her bedroom .
tr	O	Rangers tend to , like me , like to use the weapon that suits the situation if they can .
tr	O	Anyway , we really didn 't have the time to waste on repeated disappointment in each other .
tr	O	Isaac was staring at her , his mouth a straight line .
tr	I	They formed a dark , tunnel forbidding .
tr	O	I Thank God for what I had , especially Jan. .
tr	O	It didn 't take long to clean up their dinner mess and they met Andrew 's group in the hallway .
tr	I	Danni didn 't to want hear his excuses and fake apologies , not now and maybe not ever .
tr	I	He had his made stand , and she respected him for it .
tr	I	In the background He ... leaned closer .
tr	O	Well , one other than thinking of her every other second while she ignored the hell out of him .
tr	I	Claire went to back work .
tr	O	Keeping his body over Veronica 's , Jasper led her behind his parked truck .
tr	O	Her master was the local chieftain .
tr	I	He bent kissed and her shoulder .
tr	O	I could blame Nat 's pregnancy hormones being too close to my vicinity causing me to be overly sensitive .
tr	I	Unfortunately , he just wasn 't the right man for job the .
tr	O	It was approaching through the night , closer and closer , gunfire singing from it , looking for a target .
tr	I	I imagined her showing up in party uncomfortable clothes and having to work into the night as I skipped off to my fancy dinner .
tr	O	She said that Arron has locked her in a dungeon located directly beneath the Atrium .
tr	O	Glen was too far away to do anything other than stand in front of Kellee , who was whimpering and cowering behind his back .
tr	I	He took a seat opposite her folded and his arms over his chest like a sullen child .
tr	O	I don 't take my eyes off the kitchen doorway .
tr	O	She stared up at him , eyes bloodshot , as if she barely dared to believe what he offered .
tr	O	It was hard to do it , though .
tr	I	She felt it her in hair , on her face .
tr	O	She had no doubt those guns were loaded with silver bullets .
tr	O	Slowly she turned to study him .
tr	I	Then bit it into my finger with razor sharp teeth .
tr	O	Darcy could see his point .
tr	I	Was it going to kill him save or his life ?
tr	I	I don 't really like the fens , but the Great North Road had too many travelers it on at this time of year for my comfort .
tr	O	Light escapes from their hands , they are thrown back on their chairs and when they open their hands , the pendants are dark .
tr	O	She was clearly under his thumb and Evie got the feeling every time she tried to blossom , he just put her down and stifled her .
tr	I	The gunman fires again , shattering the window Elliott behind .
tr	O	His thumb claw pressed against her skin , high on her inner thigh , sending an unexpected shot of pleasure through her .
tr	O	Shiro mirrored the gesture .
tr	O	He had heard something unexplainable .
tr	I	I sit down on the opposite end of the bench and watch as he scratches behind the cat ears 's .
tr	I	It would have been more infinitely awkward .
tr	I	Only if Ginny allowed more here horses again .
tr	I	Her arms were numb , her hands were and throbbing she felt the beginnings of a headache .
tr	I	The waitress arrived to their take orders .
tr	I	He enjoying was the evening .
tr	O	The bedroom door opened to reveal Joni fully dressed .
tr	O	She hardly recognised the lady who looked as though she stepped off the set of Dallas .
tr	O	Soon they found themselves stepping onto solid earth again .
tr	O	Fried hush puppies are of course crucial .
tr	O	I was overwhelmed with emotion and I felt as if I was the happiest man in the world , yet I still couldn 't quite believe it .
tr	I	The man was obviously much stronger than Jason , and much more to accustomed violence .
tr	O	One , humans didn 't know about vampires .
tr	I	Now we wait until the varnish dried has and the photograph is printed .
tr	O	jokes Evie and we both snort with laughter .
tr	O	I grabbed hold of her and pulled her into me , walking her backwards towards the bed .
tr	O	When I don 't move , hers eyes return to mine in the mirror .
tr	O	Anyhow , them boys acted like they never had a hamburger in their lives .
tr	I	He had the widest I back think I have ever seen on a man .
tr	O	She 'd be a fool not to know what was about to happen .
tr	I	It was beautiful watch to them .
tr	I	He sighed and looked around the rest the of costume shop .
tr	O	In the wild , violence is necessary for survival .
tr	I	Then she could deal them with from afar .
tr	I	I looked around to confirm that Dee too was disaffected suitably , and I saw her smiling .
tr	I	Two hands around his neck , thumbs on Adam his 's apple .
tr	O	I pulled out the book , and a few envelopes dropped to the floor .
tr	O	Whatever she dictated , he obeyed .
tr	O	She took it , slipped it on , and suddenly she was warm .
tr	I	She no had delusions about what he wanted .
tr	I	She grabbed the last bit of painting paraphernalia from the hall and followed sounds the of laughter up the stairs .
tr	I	She glanced at the roman etched numerals on the jade green face of her watch .
tr	O	George , Bill , Glen , and Fred all had freshly scrubbed hands and faces .
tr	O	But his eyes ... A swirl of chocolate brown the color of Hershey 's syrup .
tr	I	Using it as a springboard , he leapt higher onto the tree second .
tr	O	The whole business of trapping is one of his strong suits .
tr	O	He didn 't say anything , just looked at me with that damn uninformative expression of his , and I wondered if anything rattled him .
tr	O	Benjamin was the guy that Olivia had cheated with .
tr	O	That 's just how things are .
tr	O	The leader let his machine gun dangle at his side as he grabbed Kelsey 's arm and shoved her roughly toward the opening .
tr	I	He over walked to them .
tr	O	She was about to suggest they return to the bedroom when he let her go .
tr	I	Thankfully , Lilly saved me a seat and I took it , grateful once again that she was to willing be my friend .
tr	O	The song finished with a quick drum roll and a sizzling cymbal crash .
tr	I	Her lip lower trembles as if she 's too worked up to tell me .
tr	O	Her sister shook her head .
tr	I	I he guess was a little pissed .
tr	O	He looked around him .
tr	O	I have not dared to tell him .
tr	O	He knelt down onto the cement and lowered his hand past the dock .
tr	I	Her choice furniture in was another example of who she was .
tr	O	It was a mountain lion .
tr	I	This might be one of nice the times .
tr	I	He opened never his eyes .
tr	O	If one day the dead truly did seek the city , it would cost them dearly to reach it .
tr	I	I know you 't wouldn hurt me .
tr	O	Cameron shot a questioning look at Finley .
tr	O	He 'll kill me .
tr	O	It was the female E.R. doctor who answered her .
tr	O	But she simply did not know how to answer .
tr	I	His mouth was near too my own and I forcibly looked away from it once already .
tr	I	Separate everyone from else who wasn 't currently being blackmailed .
tr	O	She looks up and there before her sees the towering , convoluted face of clouds , drawn up close from the southwest .
tr	O	These girls are depending on me .
tr	O	The expression in Claudia 's eyes suggested she disagreed but she kept her mouth shut and just nodded .
tr	I	You just need to know feelings the that can help them through it .
tr	I	That 's it , says she .
tr	I	She glances out the door and then back my to mom .
tr	O	Ty flopped a hand .
tr	I	Her short legs hung where she sat , and the blanket was pulled up and her around golden body .
tr	O	Are you hungover or something ? '
tr	O	Of big , cleaved thugs yelling .
tr	O	' How you supposed to count cards with the likes of that strutting around ? '
tr	O	The painting was of a woman , nude , showcasing her from the waist up .
tr	O	A lopsided grin perks on my lips as I gaze out at this foreign landscape .
tr	O	She looked at him with even higher contempt .
tr	O	She sagged back against the door as if the knowledge of his unstoppable power sank inside her , draining her of hers .
tr	O	It was casual , almost friendly , and spoke in the Imperial tongue .
tr	I	The plan was to roll up her to building at work on the ladder truck , lights and sirens blazing .
tr	O	After countless hours of tossing and turning , despite already missing a night of sleep she decided that today was as good as any to begin .
tr	I	She grinned , one side of mouth her only .
tr	I	The old man taken seemed aback .
tr	O	But her heart was already shattered and numb .
tr	I	Doris rolled her eyes and was about to shoo him from the room when Gherkin turned his attention back Jeremy to again .
tr	I	I eyed my carry-on suitcase with a little bit of contempt , wishing I would have been prepared for meeting Kiran 's parents least at emotionally .
tr	I	On the front cover was a drawing of a man with long white hair holding a staff up stormy toward clouds , clearly a wizard casting spells .
tr	O	But Felix was determined , and calling me over to the palace , I was persuaded to accept .
tr	I	In fact , she the encouraged obfuscation , saying it would be dangerous for anyone to find out the truth .
tr	O	She still had Band-Aids around her nails and a bare spot where her wedding ring used to be .
tr	I	Ty shoves his helmet back onto his head and out runs for our next play .
tr	O	His fingers had started to go numb , which he suspected was a bad sign , but he couldn 't bring himself to care .
tr	I	It was the suspicion that nothing else in Gansey 's had life ever been real except for this moment .
tr	I	He wasn 't going to bruise her pride ... not someone when had already done a hell of a job on her face .
tr	I	And no standing Elena at the stove .
tr	I	It was a of state mind .
tr	O	Couldn 't air pass through the zipper holes ?
tr	I	I sort of she wished would because I could feel myself panicking at the thought of having a boyfriend .
tr	O	He 's got family over there .
tr	I	A visit the from dragon .
tr	O	I had to go back to the person the shrinks and Rogers had always said would never find true love .
tr	O	The soldiers hardly had time to assess before the knight collided into their unit .
tr	I	And about Lilith Adams , whose complicity in that case is both the of origin my sleepless nights and the reason I 'm alive today .
tr	O	The pair fell in love , she got pregnant , and he married her .
tr	I	I where wonder it went .
tr	I	There were a few dancers already gyrating on the dance floor , although most of the guests had opted to in mingle the lounge .
tr	O	She 's a natural born dancer .
tr	O	But McKie knew this might put him to sleep .
tr	I	Mom used to me tell stories when I was little about our people .
tr	I	But , good men had failed relationships , didn they 't ?
tr	I	Quinn turned hard left his in shoulder harness to look at Case .
tr	O	He then commenced , without intending to , to recall those occasions starting with he and Whitney deciding to live together back in the fall of 1976 .
tr	I	He pointed to dirt the floor .
tr	I	But I could honestly say , it was heart his that I loved the most .
tr	O	Next came rain , hard as little bullets on our skin .
tr	I	You didn 't me hurt .
tr	I	Within moments , an entire glowing procession strode across the ground dark , moving at a mournful pace .
tr	O	Her wedding was to have been her apogee , but instead it had been her downfall .
tr	O	' If the rail depot closes , we 're completely stuffed . '
tr	O	This house is much larger than our old one , and there is not nearly enough stuff to fill it .
tr	O	It is a wild , cool morning , and she barely needs to be asked .
tr	I	Leave it to Eliza see to through some of Gwen 's armor .
tr	I	I picked up him the next day .
tr	I	Yet now he believes he has won -- that he control can your unconscious mind and prevent you from attempting it .
tr	O	All I could think of was that I was hungry and broke and desperate .
tr	O	Later on , when I was able , I would get him a nice stone to replace the marker .
tr	O	I hadn 't slept in thirty hours .
tr	I	There were about people fifteen gathered inside .
tr	O	That was ... until today had happened .
tr	O	If she hadn 't seen it coming in she would definitely spot it coming out being that it was right in front of the entrance .
tr	O	Okay , now she just felt stupid and overly analytical .
tr	O	Maybe he really had just needed someone to make the business deal go through , and in the meantime he was getting attached to her little brother .
tr	I	I shall no longer the see sun or stars or feel the winds play on my cheeks .
tr	I	But just before the black mass reached us , a crack loud sounded nearby .
tr	I	One minute she 'd been reading and the next her eyes were so she heavy just couldn 't keep them open .
tr	I	Didn he 't remember - ?
tr	O	He let out a deep breath , lowered his eyes , and tried to chart his course .
tr	O	She said that people were coming and going at all hours of the night , that car lights were shining in their bedroom window .
tr	O	-- waved them toward the elevator .
tr	I	Suddenly she hit the floor her with fist , hard enough to hurt herself .
tr	O	Was it some sort of pagan power ?
tr	O	Just as he was trying to come up with a nice way to tell his brother to bug off , Mark looked over and caught his eye .
tr	O	I couldn 't deny the bond that had formed between us .
tr	I	I wanted to tell you , but I embarrassed was by my fear , and shame .
tr	I	He 's dripping blood and he 's that worried I 'm the one who needs a doctor ?
tr	O	Ernesto stirred toward the door -- an unplanned and hasty movement .
tr	I	Celaena raised her to eyes the large oven grate .
tr	O	She is nude and smothered in incense .
tr	O	His decision was made .
tr	O	He recognized one of them as a rancher near Durham .
tr	O	Then an amused grin touches his lips .
tr	I	He motionless stood , his expression never wavering , then started to walk away .
tr	O	She brushed her lips lightly over his .
tr	O	Where was the driver ?
tr	O	Hours dragged in the cellar .
tr	O	For her , the History was an excuse , a rationalization for his doing nothing else with his spare time .
tr	I	He 'd buried beside Phoebe his dad , as they had wanted .
tr	I	Damn him for the many he lives 'd destroyed .
tr	O	And that was what I needed to do .
tr	I	Claire pulled in a deep breath as it occurred to her in a and cold blinding flash .
tr	I	Javier was an maybe inch shy of six feet .
tr	O	What if something happened to him ?
tr	I	As apologized he he caught sight of me , nearly topless and calling for Elliot .
tr	I	What was was left his impression of them , nothing more .
tr	I	William wanted to argue with Randall , but he didn 't to want abandon Mary Ellen .
tr	I	We right were downtown .
tr	I	After several hours ( for his progress was very slow ) he suddenly saw two human figures on what was the for moment a skyline .
tr	O	She didn 't want to bring back those terrors .
tr	I	Echo wasn 't even that allowed luxury .
tr	O	He gave a long , long sigh .
tr	O	I just did what I had to do to get him into the test .
tr	I	At first I wasn sure 't what he was talking about , but then I remembered the commotion across the street yesterday .
tr	I	He then placed his hands his in pockets and his eyes light up .
tr	I	He her drew into his arms , and Louisa softly kissed him again .
tr	O	He was quick and made wonderful cuts .
tr	O	-- He made a short break and smiled devilishly .
tr	O	The ivy hung from a branch that arched perfectly over the path .
tr	I	' You I think 'd even look at a Tara clone after what I 've been through with her ? '
tr	I	Why did words the feel so painful ?
tr	O	For all she knew , Matt was outside right this minute , waiting to follow her .
tr	I	Lance as explained he inspected his own Arrow .
tr	I	Then vanished he , closing the door behind him .
tr	I	Nine grumbles something in his sleep and over rolls , burying his face in the couch cushions .
tr	I	You kill might me .
tr	I	Whoever A was , it was someone who found 'd out about Madison another way .
tr	I	Yeah , like Alex said , wasn he 't a doctor , but he would 've been .
tr	I	It wasn 't the monsters she was hiding from , Magnus said had .
tr	I	In one of those bags he found the item for which he been had looking .
tr	O	Dan wasn 't worried , as the kid expended energy hitting nothing but air .
tr	O	It made it effortless and an unadorned task to share words through the gulf and vast vacuum that separated us .
tr	O	And that changed everything .
tr	I	By the Mother time returned to her office , I 'd completed the circuit three times .
tr	I	His dug fingers into my hips and I pretended to stare at something on the ground as I felt his body trembling behind me .
tr	O	Or was his fate like the woman presumed Jesus 's would have been had he been taken instead of me -- a bullet between the eyes ?
tr	I	Still , was it a possibility .
tr	O	She slowly nodded her head .
tr	O	She couldn 't quit , but she couldn 't go crawling back to the managers without losing any influence her position might have wielded .
tr	I	Out of the corner of his eye he saw Josephine down pointing towards the city .
tr	I	If you leave before then , I don 't want ever to see you come back .
tr	O	He looked at my face as though he was staring at Utopia .
tr	O	Someone from the resort had delivered my red handbag , and I 'd stashed it under the stool , but I shook my head .
tr	I	I didn 't know what that meant or why they like were that .
tr	O	' Oh no , of course he can 't ! '
tr	O	I must 've taken the turn too fast .
tr	I	Human is a step in evolution , not culmination the .
tr	O	Venturing forward , he could clearly see that the warehouse was filled with vehicles and other salvage items .
tr	O	She 's drawing me to her and she 's doing it on purpose .
tr	I	He was about through strength force and manipulation .
tr	I	We finally got to our seats and settled in , Emmie on one side of me , Kaylee on other the .
tr	O	She didn 't care that she wasn 't wearing socks as she slipped her sneakers on .
tr	O	It was as if something pulled her to him , but there wasn 't any basis for that kind of attraction .
tr	I	It wasn 't phone his , though .
tr	I	They walked down the hall in hand hand .
tr	I	Bradley jumped away from the wall so that the Tenacious not would know that he was talking to John .
tr	I	He was to at be the ARM Disposal plant at ten that evening .
tr	O	Still not ready to look too closely at that .
tr	O	People on the other side were screaming , men and women alike .
tr	I	After we were all finished with dinner , settled we into our sleeping bags .
tr	I	That man has had more pain in his life than one person could reasonably tolerate , he and 's bore it with grace .
tr	I	Simon turned worried , already blackened toward eyes his employer .
tr	I	I reckon we can make it through whatever they made it through , she says and continues west the down swamp road .
tr	I	So much her for diet .
tr	O	Albert felt bad for Max and the Sikorsky situation .
tr	I	He refused to allow his eyes to shut as difficult as it was remained they opened .
tr	I	She gripped Rachel 's hand in a quick , squeeze firm .
tr	I	Julia scared was of him ; he was a monster .
tr	O	My shrug is more of a twitch as sleeps tries to steal me away .
tr	O	They 'd lost that formality years before .
tr	O	Lucien was considered one of America 's most eligible bachelors .
tr	I	I have no choice ... Dax , I 'm going our to leader to tell him everything .
tr	I	He stopped , I and looked at him .
tr	O	And if I stay here any longer I 'm afraid that I will actually die of boredom .
tr	O	With frantic breaths , she ran into the bathroom with Pavel in her arms .
tr	I	This was why she mostly preferred tunics pants and .
tr	I	Had they been drinking to celebrate end the of the day , or had they been drinking to banish that haunted cast in their eyes ?
tr	I	James could only crayon see on white construction paper , not his father 's eyes , his skin .
tr	O	I shook my head .
tr	O	She genuinely cared for and liked him , she was just unable to love anybody else except me and that was hard to take .
tr	I	I enjoyed the time we spent together when he came to negotiate for your sister hand 's .
tr	O	As Sam 's new social worker , a couple of days with the Costas clan would cure him in no time .
tr	I	But I never went to place the that I could recall .
tr	I	Rachel tried to on focus Adriane .
tr	I	Beads sweat of trickled from her forehead .
tr	O	But if she neglected his case , her career would be on the line .
tr	O	And that was odd .
tr	I	He 'd found her , and because all he 'd caught her off guard the previous evening during the fireworks display .
tr	I	Savannah wondered who such created a wonderful memorial .
tr	O	They abhor your drugs , they will not adorn their bodies with your gold , your silver , your cruel and fleeting steel .
tr	O	Natasha heard the vehicle before it rounded the corner .
tr	O	Graham might die today .
tr	O	You grow up thinking the fairy tale is real , and more than that , you think you 're entitled to live it .
tr	I	Tuesday evening had behind me a bar , manicure intact .
tr	O	We both knew he was holding all the cards .
tr	O	The idiot had been blubbering when Case left him in the infirmary ... with those two doctors who were bleeding messes , courtesy of the vampire Shane .
tr	O	Chance kissed her again .
tr	I	You have to admit , if you look here behind me , you see can the incredible variety in terms of uniforms and service men and women .
tr	I	I 't wouldn go back if I had the option .
tr	I	A green fleece pullover shirt stretched accommodate to his massive shoulders and broad chest .
tr	O	He leaned over and snatched it up .
tr	O	Unfortunately , during sixth period , an overwhelming temptation swept over her , and she didn 't follow her own counsel .
tr	I	Then , shadows began to over rise a few of the vampires .
tr	O	We cannot breathe your air .
tr	I	I 'm Canadian , I sent while back taking a sip of champagne .
tr	I	Then was it two steps away .
tr	O	Mikhail was at her side , looming over her , his hand closing over hers around the fragile glass .
tr	O	Hungry and tender at the same time and she wanted him more than air .
tr	I	I to hate admit he is right .
tr	O	I am convinced that it was her elegant bearing that moved him to allow two strangers into his studio .
tr	I	There was a scar deep down the left side of his face .
tr	I	I supposed was to keep loyal to my future wife until our marriage , for political purposes .
tr	O	Lea went to the door and opened it .
tr	I	Her cheeks reddened and I was ready for her to unleash some snappy retort when Leif loudly coughed .
tr	O	I shouldn 't have brought it up .
tr	O	The familiar space comforted him .
tr	I	I want to be with you , together , a as couple .
tr	I	He didn 't me like at first , but I wanted him to know how serious I was about you .
tr	O	He raked his fingers through his hair .
tr	O	Rose petals and champagne and candles .
tr	I	But then opened I my eyes and I was in a little room .
tr	I	This is the problem surrounding groups large .
tr	I	Her reached mom out and touched Kylie 's arm .
tr	O	Anyway , with no medium in the group , I was able to flit among them sight unseen , with Jacob trailing behind like a ghostly duckling .
tr	I	As he leaned back they and separated , they were surrounded with well-wishers .
tr	I	He , too , now was smiling , seemingly delighted to see the rescue team of Holmes and Watson on his doorstep .
tr	O	He swore he wouldn 't stay at Brentwood Manor another minute .
tr	I	She Noah cut 's in the shape of a heart , which he got a big kick out of .
tr	O	She leaned forward , and the blouse gaped slightly because she filled it up too much .
tr	I	The lights were dimmed in the hall , and were slowly raised on stage the .
tr	I	I can it drive into your heart as quickly or slowly as I please .
tr	O	But Sam interrupted us .
tr	I	She at slaps his wrists until he pulls her back in for a hug .
tr	I	Dentists have special status in afterlife the , by the way .
tr	I	A tear from falls my eye .
tr	O	He thought it had something to do with the fuzzy air .
tr	O	I yell , probably a little to angrily .
tr	I	Betsy didn 't even to bother tone down her sarcasm .
tr	I	Cara started prancing at the opening the to strand that signalled the start of the open stretch .
tr	I	I 'm hoping you can answer a couple of questions for me those about other broken windows .
tr	I	' The were firemen trying to kill you , remember ?
tr	O	On her way out in the parking lot -- Emma picks the first internet service provider and calls them .
tr	O	The top of the cave was rough with many layers of limestone tumbled about in confusion .
tr	I	A fierce desire had taken control of me , and I wanted nothing more than to the take Jeep and send Patch a message .
tr	I	Vel 's responsibility my right now .
tr	I	Going openly against Gabriel ran the danger of Skyler putting in the position of defending her father .
tr	O	And I will call you Ash ?
tr	O	Does not understand that Yumi is delicate and lovely and only here for a year .
tr	I	Polyester it -- never breaks down .
tr	O	In an hour or so , all sign of their struggle would be gone .
tr	I	He looked at and her smiled .
tr	I	I could tell her my mom probably thinks Bishop and I had sex like her and Mitch , that but 's way into personal territory .
tr	I	She always to used dress up to watch performances .
tr	I	The market crowded was .
tr	I	Would open you the door , sir ?
tr	I	Meyer now could see that they were being taken slowly into a wooden hut .
tr	O	Eduard swelled a bit at that .
tr	I	That number little you wore was insane .
tr	O	No one can connect Father with any of this now .
tr	O	Even with the jacket it was still cold .
tr	O	Hemp agreed to feed the squirrel to Jamie , and I was glad .
tr	I	A he rival wanted to warn away from a potential project ?
tr	O	His mouth pressed flat into an irritated line .
tr	I	He can it feel ?
tr	I	His face flamed just thinking about anyone else Olivia touching .
tr	I	' So I hit him , take him tent to , make children . '
tr	O	Claire seemed to be so focused on her mingling that she did not catch on to the implication .
tr	I	The namesake of the carefully etched wood hung himself in his 's parent basement after his girlfriend left him .
tr	I	Of course , helped I set up the threat .
tr	O	The stairs were so steep that I was already falling over top of her .
tr	I	The Gulfstream new , the yacht , a castle in Scotland .
tr	O	So they clung together for warmth , and snuggled nearer to the fire , covered with furs and endured yet another night of cold .
tr	I	Noah didn move 't .
tr	I	Casino said , sitting in up his sleeping bag .
tr	I	When he realized that the door was locked , 'd he probably become even more worried , maybe even break down the wood with his massive shoulder .
tr	I	' Are you staying this at house with the rest of the guys ? '
tr	I	Damn , he shouldn 't have known where kept she it .
tr	I	The is spell strong .
tr	O	Heather choked on the piece of popcorn she 'd just swallowed and had to quickly take a sip of lukewarm lemonade to wash it down .
tr	I	My people are as old as time and we are the of earth .
tr	O	Neither of the two waited to be asked if they understood ; it was obvious to them both .
tr	O	I 'd had an emergency .
tr	I	They ran all the way back as snow to started fall softly against the cobbled stones of the path leading to his house .
tr	I	It too 's physically oriented .
tr	O	The floors were tiled here , the walls covered with imitation wood grain .
tr	I	I felt his still body and he pulled out quickly .
tr	O	She hadn 't been there the night he 'd chased me through the halls of the high school .
tr	I	It wasted was effort .
tr	O	She looked like she 'd gotten some sleep , and actually smiled when I walked in the door .
tr	I	Once they got to Provincetown , they spent rest the of the morning and early afternoon in a variety of shops .
tr	O	My guts jiggled as my insides laughed .
tr	I	' A dome might stay active for fifty years or before less becoming dormant .
tr	O	She was laughing loudly and he admired her clear voice .
tr	O	There was even a pile for things that were irrelevant .
tr	O	Serena stands and takes a step back , embarrassed to be caught in a moment of weakness .
tr	O	Devon stood stiffly and walked across the room with her head hanging down .
tr	I	I had get to rid of this baby , pure and simple .
tr	I	She got up and to started run towards the lights , screaming at the top of her lungs .
tr	O	I broke the silence , but there was nothing awkward about it .
tr	I	Using his belt , strapped he her to his chest and put on his riding cape .
tr	I	Anyone could have noticed that friendship their had disintegrated .
tr	O	She often accused him of falling asleep in there , but he 'd never admit it .
tr	I	I 'd never think to use different two kinds of bread , or the pepperoni .
tr	I	The was choice hers right now .
tr	O	He tried to come up with a response .
tr	O	They made eye contact across the distance , the other glowering in fury .
tr	I	In danger of losing his business and house , he steals from designs an outfit known for innovative products and bleeding edge development .
tr	I	And had Mairi survived , but at what cost ?
tr	I	Storage space was of the essence , and every square meter that could be filled used was because antimatter fuel was something costly and dangerous to produce .
tr	O	Their small party had left the Keep as dawn broke .
tr	I	He had paid ten thousand pounds for this journey , and to his protect anonymity .
tr	O	After Emily had finished , Mrs. Fields took a long sip of her tea and thanked Emily for being honest .
tr	I	Was this 's Brady doing ?
tr	I	Your name 's been spread all over the front pages , but the public never to gets hear the other side .
tr	O	Jake 's face twisted and Ellie saw that other Jake bubbling underneath the surface .
tr	O	And when we were all muddy , and all working , it was actually pretty fun , even though I didn 't really want to admit it .
tr	I	The operator had parts of the bulldozer engine spread out on the tread great of the machine .
tr	I	Some would say it 's like looking at a mirror image myself of , only a few years down the road .
tr	I	She drank coffee and I kept drinking and wine we both smoked incessantly .
tr	O	I hold back my desire to touch his biceps .
tr	I	A part of me that wants to see whatever next comes .
tr	I	Bahl Bazaar was losing weight and his sore finger was better getting .
tr	O	I put my phone down and timed her arrival .
tr	I	Sometimes I you think like it .
tr	I	It was in fishing an ornamental pond .
tr	O	I knew he wanted to leave .
tr	I	Del 's home is a museum of movie trivia : posters , press kits , stills glossy in drugstore frames .
tr	I	And sun the was sliding down in the sky .
tr	I	' You know ; until our bodies run out of energy and force to us wake up ? '
tr	O	Charming pinned me with a hard look .
tr	O	Again the brother and sister regarded each other , and a message seemed to pass between them .
tr	O	But when I reach out to touch her , she doesn 't move .
tr	I	The sun now hadn 't the ability to set rays its to the surface of the Earth .
tr	I	Thus is Aphrodite of a generation older than Zeus .
tr	O	Ron and Doug had been in Boy Scouts together , Susannah remembered .
tr	I	In place of his mother 's normal radiance , found he her head hung in dejection as she remained just inside the back door .
tr	O	Now she wanted to be the Human Liaison , a job that would give her access to the Courtyard itself .
tr	O	He tossed his hands dramatically into the air .
tr	O	I have the power to save him .
tr	O	Boone considered her question for a moment and then chuckled .
tr	I	I shook my as head I sat on the stool .
tr	O	She started to writhe beneath his touch .
tr	O	The trees , the sky .
tr	O	Evan is conveniently on business in another country where they don 't celebrate Christmas , and my other brothers are working too .
tr	I	I 'd really gotten myself into here mess , hadn 't I ?
tr	I	Trenton knew we would be bored out of our at minds work , so it made sense to take the day off .
tr	O	I gingerly sipped it and paused in case my body rejected it , but nothing happened .
tr	O	I ´ m not .
tr	I	She gave me patronizing a look .
tr	I	Cops were last the thing she wanted to see tonight ; the last people she ever wanted to see .
tr	I	His were shoulders broad , and despite the scar that cut along the edge of his jaw , he was a handsome man .
tr	I	Adele did not look at him again , she stared rigidly down at Charger 's mane as though absorbed it all her attention .
tr	O	The others kept a look out for unexpected visitors .
tr	O	There could be a dozen explanations .
tr	I	The substance of this interchange remains largely a mystery , but there can be no doubt that it serves an important function consciousness in .
tr	O	No missed calls from Neal .
tr	O	You 're in command of the most sophisticated surveillance system I 've ever seen .
tr	I	The taiga in Russia or plains in Asia or even in woods the United States were much better .
tr	O	I told myself it was because he insulted me and I was mad .
tr	O	We sat through two of the sea lion shows because I enjoyed them so much .
tr	I	He inhaled deeply , filling himself with the pure , clean scent of her , wiping out the ugliness of the 's night discoveries .
tr	I	He looked equal parts scared and pissed off , and I genuinely felt sorry him for .
tr	I	Baron Lathan seemed to missing be the point here .
tr	O	He held her close and nibbled her ear , pausing every so often to sigh .
tr	I	Don 't you we think should start to get ready ? '
tr	I	She felt mixed very up .
tr	I	One side of his twitched lips .
tr	O	Her skin was pale and paper-thin , but there was a spark in her eyes that hadn 't been there the past few weeks .
tr	I	Picking up her suitcase , he carried it the into bedroom .
tr	O	One of them was the epitome of a stereotypical student activist , wearing his beret and his goatee beard without the faintest hint of irony .
tr	O	Undoing was not her best thing , I realized with some anxiety .
tr	I	He flicked a at glance Jenny and then a quick one back to me .
tr	O	My parents have been married for over thirty-four years .
tr	O	I went back to my computer and searched for Gary Clarkson 's profile .
tr	I	He 's against wincing the torture of it all , but doesn 't whisper a word of complaint .
tr	O	I 'm sick of people asking if I 'm okay .
tr	I	It was only once they were gone Kait that wished Lewis had gone , too .
tr	I	I her watched in fascination for a long time .
tr	I	He intended to let Jackson and George take over the company , but supposedly George was jealous very of Jackson 's relationship with Rachel .
tr	I	What she did expect really ?
tr	O	It flashed around him like a glittering scythe , swishing at the air .
tr	I	I wanted to come and test the waters to see what you were like really .
tr	I	I ran my hands through his soft , thick and hair pressed my chest to his , wishing that the clothing between us would disappear .
tr	O	The tensions of the first week had been far more severe than she could have imagined .
tr	I	One moment the bush was there , and the next moment Boy 412 had through crashed it and was falling into darkness .
tr	O	Usually , and I 'll stick with relationships , if a relationship gets a little rocky , people are quick to get a divorce .
tr	O	Alicia said under her breath as she forcefully slapped him across the upper arm .
tr	O	I was taught from a young age that I could do anything I wanted .
tr	O	There was a hopeful look on her face that was mirrored by Kerri .
tr	I	Jay never offered to help anyone unless benefited it him in some way .
tr	I	I phoned Carlos , who me met at the Minute Man restaurant for toast and coffee .
tr	O	Her voice rasps from the other line as if she 's been crying .
tr	I	A sick , slithery moves feeling through me .
tr	I	Neither of those probabilities sat with well me though .
tr	O	Tony cleared his throat .
tr	O	Malaria killed thousands , and it took generations for the fields to be pried out of swamps and forests so they could feed themselves .
tr	I	Tears to threatened escape .
tr	O	Dark leather bandages covered one arm , which hung from his neck in a sling made of thin straps .
tr	O	Thomas suspected it was an effort on Etienne 's part to keep him from saying any of the furious thoughts running around inside his head .
tr	O	He was willing to utilize every weapon in his arsenal of centuries of experience to bind her to him .
tr	I	Our names in same the sentence ?
tr	I	Times were changing in the village and ceremonies and tradition being were dispensed with , leaving behind a vague smattering of rules .
tr	O	There was no one else in sight .
tr	O	The other takes hold of my face in one hand and squeezes until I feel like my cheekbones are going to break .
tr	I	How could she forgotten have what her own tongue felt like ?
tr	I	What was on going ?
tr	O	CHAPTER 23 Addie : Liars suck .
tr	I	' We Dryad believe is responsible . '
tr	I	It 's on the third night , during our game , that I answer the eating question away at me .
tr	O	I pull Livi out of the boy 's grasp pushing him away hard enough to make him stumble back a few steps .
tr	I	To be fair , I had snapped at her little a when she dropped the file for the Preston case in my lap .
tr	I	Franco leaned over whisper to something .
tr	I	The walk to the strip club was dangerous but Robert enjoyed the feeling someone that may come after him , sometimes looked forward to it .
tr	I	Glad to be safe in her little motel , where was she needed , where nothing would be done right if she wasn 't there .
tr	O	I want to run away .
tr	I	For years she 'd been convinced a reconciliation was completely out of question the .
tr	O	She took a deep breath .
tr	O	If you listen , she whispered , you can hear the lights sing .
tr	O	Sean took a deep breath , then released his own hand from the wound , giving the medical robot a clear area to work with .
tr	I	Holt was lying there with a blanket tossed his over legs .
tr	I	He looks my at face .
tr	I	He grabbed my hand and a took close look on it .
tr	O	Chapter Two An hour later , Kylie walked down the stairs with her backpack and purse over her shoulder .
tr	O	I 'd never been stared at with such a mix of emotions .
tr	O	He wouldn 't abandon her that long , but he would give her another few days to herself .
tr	I	The exorbitant tributes probably didn 't help either any .
tr	I	Spyder was poking a board the at remains of the conglomerate that fell off the cannon .
tr	I	A soft of whisper voices rose from the first floor .
tr	O	' The smell 's out here where the Hounds were .
tr	O	The tall guard rolled his eyes at his companion .
tr	O	Westlake placed the memo in a pile of papers and finished his coffee .
tr	O	They have no honor , and they worship the credit as supreme .
tr	O	His reputation is growing too unwieldy , and the nobility is becoming too interested in the Survivor .
tr	I	Unable to dampen her rising panic , Gwen clambered out of the and ship fell to her knees when her legs wouldn 't hold her up .
tr	O	Brian cursed under his breath .
tr	I	She picked up a magazine and flipped idly through its pages .
tr	I	Jane had never paid much attention to the demon dimension when she passed 'd through it before .
tr	O	I see only my own .
tr	O	There had been other times when Tar had awakened to the frantic cries of help from recent mortals .
tr	I	Seconds later , my parents come barreling of out the house .
tr	I	If win you him , you 'll never work again .
tr	O	Just as I was about to turn , she elevated her head more and smiled .
tr	O	I stared out at the night , watching for a long moment , but nothing moved out there .
tr	O	As Ion watched it , clouds of darkness invaded his mind ... it was a creature that stirred anarchy within anyone who set sight upon it .
tr	I	He glanced at his parent 's grave as a tinge sadness of invaded his heart .
tr	I	The eyeliner would only show when the eyes downcast were .
tr	I	The electricity had gone out at the same time , the and train had slowed to a stop .
tr	O	I was sooo not in the mood to deal with her right now .
tr	I	When the list finally finished , the screen lit to up show PRISON BREAKFAST MENU .
tr	I	Her head fell back and moaned she .
tr	I	I yank pin the out of the handle and mentally prepare myself for what I 'm about to do .
tr	I	Which I 't don .
tr	O	An hour later , he walked toward the Yuppie bar , wishing he 'd let the machine screen his calls .
tr	I	Cigarettes designed are to be lit and puffed ; thus they are used properly .
tr	O	I almost literally can 't wait to do it .
tr	O	she asked in confusion .
tr	O	But I could tell she was worried about him , so I agreed to launch a little investigation .
tr	O	What would Ross say about that ?
tr	I	Sarah glanced back at him , her eyes firm , standing in felt what to be a powerful waterfall .
tr	I	She through looks , reaches a list .
tr	I	A small walkway in suspended the air took us over to another part of the second floor .
tr	I	The exhaustion of the past few days caught had up with him , but where was Callie ?
tr	I	Eventually , the ball emerged from the crowd as another kicked adult the ball back into play .
tr	O	And she could see to that , it would translate into enjoyable stays that would linger in the memory and beckon a return at the first shot .
tr	I	Parked outside Shirl Remington 's place , Susannah found that her were palms sweaty .
tr	I	He tried to fit pieces the together .
tr	I	I couldn 't bring myself to of speak them .
tr	O	That 's when I told Cassie to find you , pull you off the case , and have you in my office the next morning .
tr	O	That I 'm miserable ?
tr	O	In a heartbeat of time , Reyes 's phone was ringing .
tr	O	Twisted minds evidently thought alike .
tr	I	For just a moment Tessa imagined herself drawing the pendant off , going down the hal way , knocking Jem on 's door .
tr	I	She must not missing be from the Meeting of the King 's .
tr	O	The EMP must 've popped by now , but did it accomplish anything ?
tr	O	It was right about then that the enormity of what I 'd done hit me .
tr	O	It was the only place she knew .
tr	I	It was much larger than thought I .
tr	O	As I opened the box , I was pulled inside like some strange magic trick .
tr	O	He couldn 't see my face .
tr	O	Julian huffed at him .
tr	I	It took every of ounce willpower for his eyes not to linger on her pretty little mouth .
tr	O	She needed his address .
tr	I	she asked , speaking of Raina 's references Roman to .
tr	I	They to began wheel Mama Cruse away .
tr	O	The Council didn 't save others -- except Star and me .
tr	I	I struggled against him for a second , then pushed a hand into chest his and shot him right through the heart .
tr	O	Her eyes darkened with worry and she bit her lip .
tr	O	In beer , it 's Flying Dog pale ale .
tr	I	Tuck didn 't even know it was possible for an unconscious woman to birth give .
tr	O	said Tiffany again as they trudged away .
tr	O	Beyond the window , Jeremy watched the tips of the trees swaying in the breeze ; in the moonlight , the needles appeared almost silver .
tr	O	A tiny portion of her unspoken debt would be repaid .
tr	I	Coming face to face with James at last ... not so good , doable but .
tr	I	Nothing mattered to her mother except artists the she chose and their work .
tr	O	Even after a couple years spent in isolation from much of the world , Storm knew when he was being given an olive branch of trust .
tr	O	She suspected Steve had tried to contact her on the one-year anniversary of Derek 's death .
tr	O	She inquired genuinely and cheerfully .
tr	I	He moved inside me graceful with , reverent thrusts .
tr	I	Behind the rimless glasses the lawyer 's eyes grey glittered with the urge to act .
tr	I	Dia asked , having already placed Haven 's things in Carmine car 's the day before .
tr	I	( 5 ) She kind of makes want me to barf .
tr	O	Like he could smell me or something .
tr	O	Our chests move in unison , as do our breaths .
tr	O	In her bed , Adara listened and wished that Hal would fly away .
tr	I	The two of them walked side-by-side , their horses breathing hard , the men breathing hard , as they approached tower the .
tr	O	Then she began to scream .
tr	O	This time louder , and more intensely , and finally , I was snapped out of my trance .
tr	I	Even Ramsey found had a mate .
tr	I	He cast a dark look his over shoulder .
tr	O	She had been my guinea pig numerous times while I attempted to figure out the right strengths of popular drinks .
tr	I	Gretel wanted to protest , but she knew hunger for too long to turn away an of offer food .
tr	O	I hoped he wouldn 't embarrass us .
tr	O	Gareth spun around , recognizing the voice but stunned that its owner could be here .
tr	O	Twenty minutes later , my cell phone buzzed and an unfamiliar number with a New Jersey area code popped up on the screen .
tr	O	Or , if I was lucky , from Chris Hemsworth .
tr	I	I that supposed this was common for relationships with people our age .
tr	I	' She just 's being selfish as usual , ' she consoled .
tr	I	Do you think you 've some got lock on feelings , Josie ?
tr	I	He seemed to have his accepted duty , and forgotten the rest .
tr	I	A beautiful melody brought her to back senses .
tr	O	I mean isn 't it possible he couldn 't or didn 't want you to know just yet ?
tr	O	- Well , not too much .
tr	I	He sighs and hear I his covers rustling .
tr	O	She looked around for the professor and spotted him helping several other students a few tables in front of hers .
tr	O	When I walked inside , I saw that the only thing that had changed was that all my plants had died .
tr	O	I used to think it was about the looks and the clothes but it 's more than that .
tr	O	He was a little strange , but he had nice manners -- he kissed her hand and complimented her on her key chain and stone shot .
tr	I	After an hour the tank came to a stop and Richard woke to find Matt looking out of the hatch back towards city the .
tr	O	It was thwarted by his wife , but she lost her leg in the process .
tr	I	; ) The elevator raced the to top floor .
tr	I	I couldn 't but help squeal like a little girl when I saw what it was .
tr	I	Thousands of feet her beneath , the sinking Kiowa chopper crumpled beneath the relentlessly increasing pressure .
tr	I	Do go not back to the camp .
tr	I	Katherine both was relieved and nervous .
tr	O	But Amanda had been cold when she stayed here Saturday night .
tr	O	Before she could make up her mind on whether or not to give up breathing , they were on the other side of the wall .
tr	O	She has my eyes , too .
tr	O	To like it - living among things you can 't see - dark and holy and horrible .
tr	O	Everyone else was long gone -- even Steve .
tr	I	' You something know ! '
tr	I	It 's approximately ten as times fast as the old-fashioned natural growth .
tr	I	Josh straightened a bit from his position slumped .
tr	I	In case it might used be against him !
tr	O	She heard her captor 's sudden intake of air and felt his body tense .
tr	I	She his was already .
tr	I	She looked across the river , where a stand handsome of large haystacks stood , pristine , held in reserve for just such conditions .
tr	O	Ronan had been smart to send him as an early warning system , Deni thought as Ellison closed the door .
tr	O	Quickly focusing the swirling darkness into a concentrated beam , he fires a colossal blast of energy , tearing open the dimensional doorway to the Sacred Realm .
tr	O	Humans , Simon reminded himself .
tr	O	She 's angry at life right now .
tr	I	She smiles at me before have I a chance to avoid her .
tr	O	The sun had only just turned west when they started , and till evening it lay golden on the land about them .
tr	O	He didn 't stop .
tr	I	When she could not move to save her mother , no matter how hard tried she , she knew it was a dream .
tr	I	Curiosity chased away irritation her .
tr	O	She checks the caller ID and sees that it is Adel .
tr	O	But Anon took no honor from that battle .
tr	I	John down slowed a bit .
tr	O	While she took notes , I took the opportunity to look at Const .
tr	O	Dylan now went to her , and the woman 's defiance dissolved into terror .
tr	I	I 'm coping better than I thought would I .
tr	O	My knees rub together as I shift .
tr	O	I yelled as I burst through the door and was immediately hit with a stronger version of the horrid stench .
tr	I	Something was and happening she was instantly nervous .
tr	O	He gets up and starts to wander around the shop .
tr	I	Didn blame 't her .
tr	O	No sign of Melissa and Niko .
tr	O	You aren 't the only one with secrets .
tr	O	Then it gets stronger and stronger until it gets deafening .
tr	O	I never had a mother and I don 't need one .
tr	O	Gabrielle stopped pacing and looked again at the newly arrived message .
tr	I	Though I was used to city life , the of amount sheer humanity in Grand Central Station overwhelmed me at first .
tr	O	The first of his two stories was as long as a short novel .
tr	O	Listen , I build computers .
tr	I	But Duncan had felt right to her in a that way Brad had never done .
tr	I	His is knowledge added up to the words just heard and stirred tremendously .
tr	O	It was nearly ten in the morning .
tr	O	I suppose that means he 's mixed in the product with it .
tr	O	The crowd behind Maya cast off their fears and ran toward the group , shouting for their missing friends and relatives .
tr	I	The maid thin arched an eyebrow and placed the canary melon in the basket at her feet .
tr	I	She wasn 't going to let William Jack hurt .
tr	I	The blast the on Blueberry .
tr	I	Auron feared to dismount the bull and burn in the fire , the but creatures themselves did not seemed affected by it .
tr	I	More calmly , Nicolas rolled onto his side , moving a hand to cradle her just head before she was tipped onto the ground beside him .
tr	I	My eyes searched room the .
tr	O	If he 's anything like he was when I saw him last , he 'll botch his lead somewhere on the way .
tr	I	I could see guilt the .
tr	O	Another of the women tried to help him out .
tr	O	How she wished she could brag about selling her articles .
tr	O	Samantha Green 's mom makes everyone a cape for Halloween .
tr	I	Along with his heart , his stomach and every other internal as organ pure astonishment replaced them .
tr	I	So , where did I lost get ?
tr	O	His body drew all of my attention as he fixed the shirt around me .
tr	I	This position threw off him completely .
tr	O	Others resembled extra-terrestrial transporters with similarly giant proportions .
tr	O	Sharp nails sliced at his wounds , and humiliation burned deep in his soul .
tr	O	Even as he was reaching the other side he had made up his mind .
tr	I	It 's the familiar soundtrack to my days and nights in city this .
tr	O	I didn 't need his help .
tr	O	They come in , don 't speak unless they speak to you .
tr	I	Peggy was at instantly her side .
tr	I	She up caught as many weapons as she could , tossing the gas masks down into the tunnel before she dropped into the hole .
tr	I	I smiled , my trying best to sound comforting .
tr	O	She didn 't say anything .
tr	I	I put all the urgency I was feeling into voice my .
tr	O	Sometimes a thing like talent can kill you .
tr	O	We do not even understand the book well enough to re-create what that person did .
tr	O	I asked him , wanting a little clarification .
tr	I	But he 't hadn .
tr	I	Rachel tried to conceal smile a but with little success .
tr	O	Someone who can move fast .
tr	O	If he 'd had a keycard to this cell , Ethan would 've rushed inside and beat the man to death .
tr	O	( I take the next item out of the satchel .
tr	I	She didn think 't she could reach it .
tr	O	I stepped further behind the boulder and began to slowly climb up the steep sides of the creek 's embankment .
tr	I	They did , reluctantly , the and crowd parted to allow her through .
tr	O	He 'd seen the foreign aircraft shoot from around the mountain and crash several feet up ahead just like his wife had .
tr	O	If so , I wouldn 't like it , but I 'd live with it .
tr	O	The cold-water treatment would be excruciating but probably fairly effective .
tr	I	He disappeared from view and Claire gasped , losing the of last her air .
tr	I	I have to remember I 'm paid being to be here , I 'm not on holiday .
tr	O	' Sorry , I 'm busy Friday . '
tr	I	Hours later , two young men found him on lying the ground .
tr	O	She looked unsteady on her legs as if she 'd been asleep in a bad position for a long time .
tr	I	one of the asked witches .
tr	O	He continued to study the creature with curiosity .
tr	O	My heart constricts tighter as the memories flood me .
tr	O	Sometimes , you have to make that decision to let them go .
tr	I	Rather than escaping , she 'd stayed to her help people : she was courageous as well as beautiful and spirited .
tr	I	All of the contentment Ares 's birth had brought me drained away , leaving me with same the wariness that had plagued me before .
tr	I	Can hear you me ?
tr	I	Before he could any go further I interrupted .
tr	I	He the shifted shield on his left arm and then drew his sword .
tr	O	We asked so little of our performer , really .
tr	I	If anything , got it colder .
tr	I	She smiled as pulled she up the finished web site online and looked .
tr	I	Mom examined the wound and her shook head .
tr	I	The passenger cabin was very chic and modern with metallic paint sharp and lined captain 's chair .
tr	O	I 'm going to have a rest .
tr	O	He looks at me .
tr	O	She was too busy raising a daughter anyway .
tr	O	It would be a long journey to the Black Kingdom .
tr	O	Bailey was on her second cup of Earl Grey before eight , but she couldn 't help but grin back .
tr	I	Stacey at glanced me with hopeful eyes .
tr	O	Softly shaking his head , he looked at Grace .
tr	O	Well , this is a witch 's cottage .
tr	I	' We 'll create a to diversion give you a fighting chance . '
tr	O	Read about all that is above is all that is below .
tr	I	She had own her child to consider .
tr	O	I could throw caution to the wind for a moment only ; embarrassment embedded itself into my core being and would require an exorcism for removal .
tr	I	Shot all them , a field of dead .
tr	I	But without her around , he 't didn know what to do with himself .
tr	I	Inside were Midnight High School T-shirts in two colors , hoodie a , and a windbreaker featuring the MHS mascot , a spider .
tr	O	He rolled out a sum that was only marginally lower than the rent for the Bondi apartment .
tr	I	Their existence validity or denied .
tr	O	In spite of what she had just said , she couldn 't dismiss the truth of Bobbie Sue 's words .
tr	I	She looked around at the rest of group their .
tr	O	Kenji is nursing new bruises , but seems in reasonable spirits , excited for reasons I can 't fathom .
tr	I	I rubbed a finger against my temple because my brain was to about implode .
tr	O	He grunted through the words .
tr	I	He felt Verity 's tension as she put one arm on leg his .
tr	O	Morrow gazed at her as though she were the answer to every dream he 'd ever known .
tr	O	She giggled , and looked the dwarf in the eye .
tr	I	I got up and placed my hands her on shoulders .
tr	O	Yet Joshua embraced her as if she was the most beautiful woman on the planet .
tr	I	What you didn 't see was me pulling away from her and telling her there would never be another chance with us and should she move on .
tr	O	And they drank their beers like friends that had known each other for years .
tr	I	He was interested very in his sneakers .
tr	O	Travis was stretched out in a chair closer to the front of the airplane .
tr	I	She thought at first of Keep the .
tr	O	Elliott wears his sword and carries a musket .
tr	I	Stupid , know I .
tr	I	It has way more history you than will ever have , so stop complaining .
tr	O	Her flesh felt like it was being unwound in strips .
tr	I	Devin reached before it I did .
tr	O	You have a passion for our world thatwe don 't even have .
tr	O	He bent low to tug off his boots , removing a blade hidden there and setting it on the nightstand .
tr	O	Now he 'll have two nightmares to contend with .
tr	I	Before he changed his mind , he picked up the telephone and in punched seven numbers .
tr	O	After he disappeared , my sister down in Portland kept tellin ' me I should get off this island .
tr	O	High flyers were even more prone than ladies of quality to shutting themselves away in gaudy carriages and taking great care of their clothes and slippers .
tr	O	But I couldn 't tell her this .
tr	O	He felt my body stiffen at seeing the too intimate pose I was in with a guy and seeing myself doing it .
tr	I	I awesome 'm at disguises .
tr	I	Talking to his and wife rediscovering the woman .
tr	I	His hair is slicked back tonight , making him look older than is he .
tr	O	There remained only the matter of the extinguished sun .
tr	O	Reading it somehow always made him feel better .
tr	O	But something was a little off .
tr	O	Link shoved John back , and I ducked to avoid being knocked down the hill , as collateral damage .
tr	O	It didn 't require a lot of strength , exactly , but it did require some complex calculations .
tr	O	Emma hadn 't even touched the tip of the iceberg .
tr	O	We share food with our loved ones and eat it alone , make meals for those that cannot feed themselves or accept food from others .
tr	O	Kyle 's eyes opened wide .
tr	O	Monika grabbed the book from Jobe and the bard stood there , slightly shocked that everything had been taken away from him .
tr	I	He to motioned the two rocking chairs .
tr	O	She ran her fingers across the dusty , old wood while realizing it would be necessary to wash her hands .
tr	I	With a cup herbal of tea .
tr	I	I folded my arms and leaned against the door , watching her brush back her hair to enough get it into a tail .
tr	I	They were not from the Woodlands and , as of yet , I didn 't exactly where know they came from .
tr	O	Reader discretion is advised .
tr	I	Then will what you do ?
tr	O	Something was after him .
tr	I	He stuck out his leg pushed and Colton in the middle of his back .
tr	O	I ask him if an autopsy was carried out on the Robert 's body , and if it was still in the morgue .
tr	I	She instantly sobbing began as I moved toward her .
tr	I	Although the conversation wasn particularly 't helpful , it got rid of any lingering doubt about the authenticity of the claims .
tr	O	' No probs just ring me when you 're ready and we 'll make an appointment .
tr	O	It was his nightmare come true .
tr	O	It doesn 't have to be this way .
tr	O	It 's all I ask .
tr	I	' We 'd better be quick , ' Terri said , with fiddling the torch .
tr	I	Right , mustn 't forget , have to meet Saturday Jason for the next stage of the plan .
tr	I	Kristin couldn 't fiddling stop with the radio .
tr	I	He glanced at me briefly before turning his back attention to the road .
tr	I	19 NO LOVE Everyone stared at one another around the conference table after the lawyer left room the .
tr	I	I point , amazed at how orderly and it beautiful is .
tr	I	I felt my blaze cheeks with embarrassment .
tr	O	The men took Duncan aside and helped him remove his armor .
tr	I	' You can help us get right it . '
tr	I	Yet , she wavered , her thoughts chaos in .
tr	O	My legs grew weak , and I backed up , settling down into a plush armchair .
tr	O	Blinking back her tears , Marti said a hasty good-bye and took her leave .
tr	I	That was what needed Reyes to experience pleasure ?
tr	I	Yes ... many successful men would boast of savoring the taste of selective delectable and recipes of beautiful intimacies .
tr	I	Ethan in paused thought .
tr	O	It was cool and made me feel better right away .
tr	I	What so 's grand about Hekate being the one to give it to me ?
tr	O	The corridor leveled off and seemed to open up into an alcove or small chamber .
tr	I	Perhaps he try should reaching her on her cell .
tr	O	I didn 't want to tell Jo that I somewhat owed Bonnie an apology .
tr	O	It was a bad thing .
tr	I	Gilgamesh had prepared our rooms and an dinner elaborate .
tr	I	He just could never tell his room mate back in the States being about in a boy band .
tr	I	Even bloodied and and shackled weak from torture , he was glorious .
tr	I	She even seemed to become just a little less anxious he when put his arms around her .
tr	I	I swallowed ; my felt chest impossibly tight .
tr	I	Pandora sat the on carpet with Shadow , reading aloud from one of Dreamer 's favourite books .
tr	O	He kept staring at the screen .
tr	I	The were living everywhere .
tr	I	Funny life how turned out .
tr	I	From the VIP above booth , her friends nod in approval as they sip champaign and watch the crowd below cheer ecstatically .
tr	O	He was still holding my hand when we walked into my room .
tr	O	Victoria 's eyes follow the movement of his wide shoulders as he goes towards the exit .
tr	I	I decided to stop for camp tonight early .
tr	O	Lea didn 't care , or didn 't notice , and simply continued her attack with a left hook to Payton 's head .
tr	O	The guy from the parking lot stepped out of the bathroom .
tr	I	The sight of the man had Nate made gasp quietly .
tr	I	I just need to find something , she manically thought .
tr	O	Jamey pinned both of my hands at my sides .
tr	O	Then he leaned back against the headrest , frowning .
tr	O	I hoped this part of her had started to pick up on the unease I felt .
tr	I	He had to know if were reinforcements on their way .
tr	O	Which path do I want to go down here ?
tr	I	Without moving their bodies , had they pulled apart .
tr	O	She was getting too old to work like she used to .
tr	O	I nodded , and started walking toward the boardroom , when he grabbed my wrist , making me gasp .
tr	I	Her hand closed around her phone her in pocket .
tr	I	And he was attempting to his do duty , not only to his people but to her .
tr	O	Not when this giant mess is all my fault .
tr	O	I stopped walking and turned to him .
tr	I	He knows a lot of information we 't won be able to learn any other way .
tr	O	If the lines around his eyes and mouth were any indication , his thoughts had been serious indeed .
tr	I	Lindy 's were fingers equally busy .
tr	O	When he lowered it , his fingers were dusted with red-brown powder .
tr	O	They leapt from the bed , throwing on their clothes .
tr	I	I my unlocked door , checked the bathroom , the closet , a shady corner .
tr	I	An invisible fist broke through of three Aidan 's shields and nearly knocked him off balance .
tr	O	That 's the sign of an amateur .
tr	I	Kya at stared Damien .
tr	O	It was all I could do not to fall asleep with my book open on the desk .
tr	O	Dean stroked Eric 's forehead .
tr	O	Dan wondered as he watched them .
tr	O	And we can 't afford to lose her hours .
tr	O	Stopping before he reached them he admired the couple .
tr	O	He wasn 't worth fighting for .
tr	I	There were two bedrooms large downstairs , one that would be perfect for an office ; three more bedrooms upstairs , the master with its own bathroom .
tr	I	The irony of the made situation her want to laugh .
tr	O	How could I let this happen ?
tr	I	The door was for opened him .
tr	I	Alone , they can 't reliably one defeat another .
tr	I	* * * Lucia counted the locks as the servant unfastened them with shaking fingers .
tr	I	Lexie taps me while I fumble trying to come up with things more to say .
tr	I	If a fight breaks out for reason whatever , don 't get involved .
tr	I	She accompanied each with outbreak a violent shiver and a soft moan .
tr	O	For me , I am starting to see the path in front of me .
tr	I	She held such sex appeal , he could wait hardly to explore more than her lips .
tr	I	She arrived wearing pink a long john shirt , and surgical scrub bottoms .
tr	I	And I would survive Lucas if wouldn 't - or couldn 't - trust me with his personal demons .
tr	O	The annoyingly condescending comments popped out every time .
tr	O	Before their lives were hijacked .
tr	O	His hands along the back of her neck felt even better than perfect , and exactly what she needed after the hell they 'd endured together .
tr	I	The girl at looks me .
tr	O	I didn 't know what came over us .
tr	O	Her body erupted into quake after quake .
tr	I	Or at least place a of numbness .
tr	I	He appeared pale and sickened , unsteady on his feet like he faint might .
tr	O	Without asking she poured and I sat down beside her .
tr	I	' I 'm the man who tore to pieces your docking city a few short ago weeks .
tr	I	You 't can break it .
tr	I	It like was a friggin ' parking lot .
tr	I	Probably good a thing , though .
tr	O	She nodded , her eyes filling with tears .
tr	O	He smiled as he imagined how his parents would react when he introduced them to Delilah .
tr	I	I didn 't understand what she wanted me to do , and frustrated this her .
tr	I	Lieutenant openly Harper laughed .
tr	I	Aunt Maya always taught her to stand up for what she believed in and do to the right thing .
tr	O	I nearly fell off the couch .
tr	O	The great stone blocks are rubble now , with most of the ironwork and anything else that might be usable spirited away in the night .
tr	O	I willed my strength to flow into him as if I could give my life to him .
tr	I	I climbed off the and bed did my best to spread the demon dust around the room .
tr	I	Her heart skipped a beat , and she to tried appear as casual as possible .
tr	I	The floral from arrangement Trey 's dad arrived later in the afternoon .
tr	O	The men on the beach had recovered from their shock .
tr	O	Canute wadded the delicate material and threw it as high as he could .
tr	I	Are you the signing report ?
tr	I	Creating youth made all my sensibilities Alchemist reel .
tr	I	Wants you to check in with him soon as as you get back .
tr	I	Her knee slammed against a pipe the as creature turned a corner , sending a shock wave of pain up her leg .
tr	I	You could have used the examiner 's voice to a grease wagon .
tr	O	But , Jenny 's parents are pretty discerning .
tr	O	As Hans made his way toward the fire pit , he saw that the church was not empty .
tr	O	He could feel the man 's eyes probing him , sizing him up like some prize game .
tr	I	Eight men in ragged knelt clothing before her .
tr	I	Containing her emotions , she nodded and was thankful when he got and up left .
tr	O	What can I do for you ?
tr	O	She hoped she never met one of those , and she hoped she found a way to escape from this surreal situation .
tr	O	You enjoy sex with me , but you do not burn for me .
tr	I	The man was tired simply .
tr	O	I glanced at her as she waved one of the games in the air .
tr	O	Drakes were the Fire People that came from the shadows when the Fae first made their new world .
tr	O	Does he even have any books ?
tr	O	As the men gathered , they looked around the throne room , some in awe and others showing impatience .
tr	O	But by the middle of October they were back to normal , which for them meant making nasty remarks and talking about clothes .
tr	O	I think she wanted to know where Bradley was and what he looked like .
tr	I	He gave a grunt said but nothing and when he didn 't look like he was going to make a move , Silken hopped off the bed .
tr	O	A rush of relief nearly deposits me on the floor .
tr	I	Something different came to in life the blackness , something that hissed and moved with careful stealth .
tr	O	Kya said as she gently caressed her cheek .
tr	O	Sunday evening , I stood in front of the mirror and rehearsed how I would tell Nick the truth .
tr	O	Everyone was wearing white shirts and blue shorts .
tr	O	I unloaded Dragon 's gun , and dropped it on his bloodstained shirt .
tr	O	How could they not get that the reason I almost died and ruined my life was because they wanted me to be something I wasn 't ?
tr	I	He drove the off cliff !
tr	O	Gary rushed through the wind and at Kevin .
tr	O	Again I smelled the saltiness of the mist and almost tasted of the metallic flavoring that hung in the air all around me .
tr	I	It 'd been over a month since I 'd heard or received anything from Sean and thought I maybe we really had finally come to the end .
tr	O	All at once , Emily couldn 't bear to watch the party any longer .
tr	O	The 13 's were restless .
tr	O	Sara winced , and I realized my choice of words wasn 't exactly smooth .
tr	I	She admired the scowl his on face .
tr	O	Simon raised his own eyebrows in response .
tr	O	He pressed his lips against her head as he stroked his hand up and down her arm .
tr	I	He reached entrance the and stepped inside .
tr	O	That was Susan 's name for him .
tr	O	This was an exaggeration in the extreme , but her grandmother was making an effort to be helpful and Courtney felt she had to respond appropriately .
tr	I	He didn even 't know how to explore for them .
tr	O	He would indeed have to exercise self-control .
tr	O	He sighed contentedly as the heat inside the house enveloped them .
tr	I	I stopped and her studied little , sweet face .
tr	I	Steven watched a minute before he walked calmly over to the couch and sat down .
tr	I	Miranda spread the linen napkin out on lap her with more care than was perhaps necessary , but she needed a few moments to recover her equilibrium .
tr	I	My eyes snapped open and I looked Preston at standing in the doorway , leering down at me .
tr	O	I acted the best I ever have .
tr	I	Remember what I you showed .
tr	I	The posters wartime told us that Careless Talk costs Lives .
tr	I	I can 't for wait them to get back .
tr	I	He stared at silently her for a moment , then proved he was no fool .
tr	I	She glanced the at red notebook curiously .
tr	O	When Brooke turned 2 , my older sister , Katelyn made her first trip to jail at the young age of 17 .
tr	O	TIM Oh , not this again .
tr	I	There was something familiar about the rifleman voice 's .
tr	I	Peace was ever only temporary .
tr	O	It must have been in the dead of winter , but she recognized Greenpoint Avenue in the memory .
tr	O	' Something out there appears to be a little faster than the others . '
tr	O	yelped a small voice , and with a start Beth realised it had come from her wrist .
tr	I	Gerhard and nodded went back to the print-out .
tr	I	That would I forget whoever I was before all of this .
tr	I	The teapot very was plain .
tr	I	There was a dream in there somewhere but hadn it 't woke him .
tr	I	She shouldn 't just panic yet .
tr	O	He did up the left cuff on his crisp white shirt with slow , deliberate fingers .
tr	I	' That true 's , sir .
tr	I	Markman raised his and hood stepped outside .
tr	I	She almost smiled , then but it faded .
tr	O	Maybe the thing in his head was his guardian angel .
tr	O	His face had the sort of look that made me wonder what he 'd been through the past year .
tr	O	He was Jenny 's boyfriend !
tr	I	Was he she thinking was like Linde Dunne ?
tr	I	There weren 't a lot of people out there in water the .
tr	O	My little grape hyacinths still formed lonely little islands of blue , but I envisioned the tulips blooming and creating a spectacular effect .
tr	O	It was unlike any faery I 'd seen before .
tr	I	Flyer had been more of a father to me than most other in men my life .
tr	I	Sierra could refuse to go with him , refuse to be his virtual slave , not that he telling was her that was her job title .
tr	O	Jason was wearing that long-sleeved , white , second skin -- the one that left nothing of his sculpted chest to the imagination .
tr	I	There was else something she had to do tonight .
tr	I	His teeth snapped at edge the , trying to find a way around .
tr	O	This wasn 't what anyone had expected at all !
tr	I	Her father took one step forward with trembling his knife .
tr	O	Miss Chipper eyed me skeptically .
tr	I	He for grabbed her , but was still too far away to save her from falling right into the fence .
tr	O	I want to stay right here , in this moment , for as long as I possibly can .
tr	O	Adults -- especially women -- were always wanting to mother her .
tr	O	She glanced down at her clenched hand , opened it , and let Marie go free .
tr	I	Look at this place sixty after years of self-rule .
tr	I	When he became a vampire , men and women flocked to him in the hopes that he 'd transform them vampires into .
tr	I	Mary Elise wasn 't that sure time would ever come .
tr	O	Don 't feel that way .
tr	I	She allowed her gaze to drift down to his heavy boots and to back his narrowed eyes .
tr	O	He ran with it .
tr	I	Our hands met at the of base the gun .
tr	I	If ever I needed her telepathically opinion , this was it .
tr	I	Carson returns to the table after a trip to the restroom and our interrupts conversation as he sits back down .
tr	O	Alec stood looking at the newspaper clippings taped to the wall of all six women .
tr	I	I thought were you anti-social .
tr	O	She knew Paul loved her .
tr	I	He must not be concerned about animals any .
tr	I	She bit her lip , an unmistakable signal that she was searching for something delicate say to .
tr	I	It was strange , time each , watching something appear out of nowhere .
tr	O	Everybody was allowed to hold the cup which was going to the church of Saint Peter after the spring carnival .
tr	O	We 've got to surprise them ourselves .
tr	I	My grandfather 's with skill using his Talent was incredible .
tr	O	The EMTs race in , just as I 'm concluding this version of events .
tr	I	Ethan smiled at her , but Julie just slipped to his side and allowed him to march her to cabin the 's façade .
tr	I	He to turned Judge Williams .
tr	O	Then he looked over my head .
tr	O	Once she had satisfied her need to play hostess , Pia joined us at the table .
tr	O	But they knew we were lying , and they all seemed way too smart to miss that .
tr	O	The third thing Sarah talked about was : Victor .
tr	O	she whispered in a feeble , rasping voice she scarcely recognized as her own .
tr	O	There was no mistaking it .
tr	O	She had already dropped three more when Leo screamed .
tr	I	He the spots objects too and clicks his tongue .
tr	O	Well , at least she could wait until the end of the weekend , she decided .
tr	I	The noise was very loud now and the thicket very dense so that he could not see yard a ahead , when the music stopped suddenly .
tr	I	The whole felt thing a little strange .
tr	O	She is confident Shiv will help her .
tr	O	Still the handsomest male I 'd ever met on Earth .
tr	I	Not that he was , by means any , complaining .
tr	I	She slowly shifted eyes her to stare into the face of a man .
tr	O	The Pamlico comprised some of the most complex waterways on the planet .
tr	I	He to had focus on what he could .
tr	I	The unsuspecting dog stopped in dead its tracks in the middle of the street .
tr	O	He didn 't want to be like Mercer .
tr	I	Sean Kendrick doesn 't say anything else , but he doesn 't up get , either .
tr	O	The sad fact was , Leah hadn 't cared any more about Kelly and her life than she had about Tess .
tr	O	Like everyone else , they were bought off .
tr	I	He been had concealed up there , positioned between the joists .
tr	O	For now , Mary gave me the numbers for some nurses that could start covering the night shift .
tr	I	And there a was ladder attached to the building that reached the top .
tr	O	It was the same room they 'd used for the past seven weeks .
tr	O	But I learned so much from them .
tr	O	Damn , they were almost on top of us now .
tr	I	He would dive off the top of the before quarry they could suck the life out of him .
tr	O	She peered up at me .
tr	I	Inhaling the salty air , she rubbed hands her over her upper arms .
tr	O	So I had every reason to ignore his message .
tr	O	He was a short , fat man , with pudgy cheeks and lips that protruded a little too much .
tr	O	With a shake of his head he lets my hand go and walks over to stand at the window , looking out at the slowly melting snow .
tr	I	And whoever he is , he already wants to her introduce us to him ?
tr	O	On the way , I text Gary to tell him I 'm with Penny .
tr	O	I raised my half full glass .
tr	O	I 've been getting death threats for ... well ... it 's been a while .
tr	I	As as soon I rounded the corner of the bookstore though , I saw Neil standing against the building .
tr	I	She shook her head trying to dislodge his hand enough to bite it , but his grip was firm too .
tr	O	I 'm pretty sure I gained at least ten pounds in the last couple of months .
tr	O	Keep some ice or something to cool you down .
tr	I	She pointed to a hand raised .
tr	I	She at looked me with daggers and shook her head .
tr	I	Everything was made by worse her uncertainty about Raoul -- what she would say to him when she saw him again .
tr	O	I 'd press her for more details , but know it 'll be wasted breath .
tr	I	I went talk to , but nothing would come out .
tr	I	Where did they all come so from suddenly ?
tr	I	' It had a simple human tone it to , a poignant tone , yet the voice was so reserved .
tr	I	His blue sparkled eyes as he held her gaze .
tr	I	She was not about share to anything else .
tr	I	When the truck stopped , baby the began bawling .
tr	O	And she hadn 't intended marrying Byron , anyway .
tr	I	Shimmer reached a peak , bucked in the air , began and her arrow dive .
tr	I	He was a mama 's boy and through through .
tr	O	I stretched out my legs .
tr	O	I opened my eyes .
tr	O	He was smiling as usual but his eyes finally conveyed something other than that severe coldness that he always had when dealing with people .
tr	O	Take me to the seismograph and read it for me .
tr	O	You poor old brute .
tr	I	He my 's friend .
tr	O	I assumed Kiran was talking to Talbott , because I could not think of any nice question that I would have wanted to ask him .
tr	O	Unwilling to look either of them in the eye , I pretend I am busy fishing for a piece of sausage in my bowl .
tr	O	I have nothing against the pharmaceutical companies making a profit .
tr	O	She opened her eyes and Kennedy 's arm was behind his back .
tr	I	Of course , she wouldn 't mention it to Tyler , for fear 'd he kill the man .
tr	I	She was frightened ; she was suspicious of one of two her best friends - a horrible feeling - and she was desperate .
tr	O	Evgeni forcibly confessed to it , and to Anastasia 's parents ' role .
tr	O	Sweeter words had never been spoken .
tr	O	He had regenerated my skin .
tr	I	I glanced down both lengths of it and it seemed stretch to on forever .
tr	O	The recall was disturbing him , and he was having difficulty not showing it .
tr	I	He was fortunate to find himself in the middle of a torrid affair with a woman who wanted him so much she had practically raped tonight him .
tr	I	I lean in , lowering voice my , trying to shake off the feeling that I 'm acting just like my dad .
tr	I	Emily looked up from her brushing teeth .
tr	O	As you were there at the beginning of all this I feel your coincidental timing should be rewarded .
tr	I	I followed his lead , dropping my jeans and tank on top the ground .
tr	I	Daniel stopped the at pickup .
tr	I	Sierra didn 't like that one bit little .
tr	I	You forget , I 'm getting to used being in your mind .
tr	I	My admin assistant smiles and then reminds promptly me of what requires my attention .
tr	I	I want you to know ... you 're really a good detective .
tr	I	Liz took the and reins winced .
tr	O	I gave Liza my sexy grin .
tr	O	In a bookcase , he found mystery novels , which didn 't surprise him since the woman appeared to be an enigma herself .
tr	O	Tell me about Land 's End .
tr	O	But it was exactly as though I had a little voice , whispering in my ear .
tr	I	He 'd broken his sexual restraints , but he had emotional bonds to as slip well .
tr	I	The security soon expert had the power , light and alarm switched off .
tr	O	The words sounded mad to his own ears , but he couldn 't stop them now that he 'd started .
tr	O	A hands-on dad like his had been before his mother turned the house into a battlefield every time his father came to visit .
tr	O	He was always amazed at how Russians stored records .
tr	I	Set , she thought , steady smooth and .
tr	I	So one chameleon didn have 't the same gifts as another one .
tr	I	A patrol car slowed , keeping pace with him for half a block or so going before on .
tr	I	The wind picks up immediately and nearly throws me from what I was thought a solid stance .
tr	O	Then I felt my face turn a sickly green .
tr	O	The black lie poisoning the core of our relationship remained hidden , and time was running out for me to make use of it .
tr	I	I don 't want muddled this up .
tr	I	His gaze dangerously darkened .
tr	O	He would never forget the smell of her skin or the way she looked with the flickering light dancing over her .
tr	I	It all went away her ; frustrations , disappointments or silly teenage anxieties .
tr	I	And the past nine months had been long cold and and lonely .
tr	I	We out went a couple times and then I decided to stop returning his calls . '
tr	O	After dinner in the hotel restaurant , the girls had retired to the suite and ordered a few bottles of wine from room service .
tr	O	Very soon Boy 412 became aware of a strange sensation .
tr	I	That , and the that woods surround it .
tr	O	Not even a smile .
tr	O	I have no time to think about my neighbours .
tr	I	It was closure of kind a .
tr	O	She wasn 't allowed to go there .
tr	I	His oddness made more now sense .
tr	I	her brother called out as he poured himself and his father glass a of bourbon .
tr	I	As I stare down the long table at my mother , I hate it more even .
tr	I	His meetings with individual members of the town council had him made increasingly uncomfortable .
tr	O	Her job turned out to be sending emails as imagery became available .
tr	O	I considered my grandfather 's current behavior an improvement .
tr	I	The scars she had remembered smoothed out and faded and were replaced by newer marks .
tr	O	Mac never told his mother about Mallory , but his mother knew about his sleeping problems .
tr	I	He realized suddenly he really wanted to win , not just for himself and the team , but for Quinn .
tr	I	He hadn 't told anyone yet -- he didn 't want to give himself until away he had his sword .
tr	I	They turned the corner and walked up the to nurse .
tr	O	The tire came almost to his waist .
tr	I	He had crew the members securely tie their Captain down to the table .
tr	O	The entire settlement lay below the surface .
tr	I	Instead , her gaze flicked her towards feet .
tr	I	His blue beautiful eyes .
tr	I	Possession is illusion an .
tr	O	To my left , a guy waves .
tr	O	As Eric rose from the stretch , his body changed back into that of a delectable , naked man , his tattoo black in the faint moonlight .
tr	I	And I still have no idea I where am .
tr	I	I meeting am someone .
tr	O	Thanks to Victoria , I wasn 't .
tr	I	And Taylor Dr. almost got squashed by this one -- its toe was like the size of my whole body !
tr	I	This motorbike was a limited edition developed with the latest BMW and 's MI6 's technologies .
tr	O	If it is one of my cousins as you so clearly suspect , why wouldn 't they simply shift inside the palazzo and attack me from within ?
tr	I	Three echoing booms followed , and she opened her eyes to witness all three far thrown across the street and through the nearby building .
tr	I	The same that man is under the distinct impression that you and I are enjoying a mutually exclusive relationship .
tr	O	He should be tracking another demon to torture .
tr	I	' Can wait it until tomorrow ? '
tr	I	She felt herself breathless becoming .
tr	O	She grew up training .
tr	I	After the Battle of Rishi , Yoda had spent a number growing of hours meditating in his private office .
tr	I	The kindred had a fluid of sense time , but Smoke , at least , understood basic divisions of day and night .
tr	O	I hope you look after your flying machines better than this poor truck .
tr	I	She wouldn 't even have up wakened .
tr	I	And yes , he right was .
tr	I	She jams the flint directly into the wolf 's throat and blood splatters her face and the around ground her .
tr	I	He the is most caring , loving , sweet , doting , selfless guy I know .
tr	I	The problem was that I not did feel love for any of the young men that were interested in me .
tr	O	And there onscreen was that flask of multicolored swirl .
tr	I	Rashid might have owed Lucas favor a , but despite the assertions of friendship , neither man seemed to like the other much .
tr	I	As we walked , his grip tighter was than usual .
tr	I	She sank to the carpet next to the door , her drew knees up to her chest , and slung her arms around her legs .
tr	O	Natalie and Marty came to New York for the opening , and Richard flew in with his wife , Joan .
tr	O	Something tells me he 's going to want to read that right away .
tr	I	But she could see he that was listening .
tr	O	Sure , he and Claire still got together sometimes and fooled around , but anything serious between them had been over years ago .
tr	I	Shana trouble was and he 'd best get out of this unpredictable relationship .
tr	O	She wondered if perhaps she 'd gotten a new perfume , but felt silly asking her that .
tr	I	Now there was alarm in vampire the 's eyes .
tr	O	I do not count the steps .
tr	O	So had the other woman who had been killed .
tr	O	Turning , she ticked off a finger and walked toward him as she spoke .
tr	I	And why was so there much surveillance on us ?
tr	O	I exhaled and said what I should have from the beginning .
tr	O	She deposited five hundred thousand dollars to an account back in December .
tr	I	I felt rather than saw someone behind hovering me , and Murphy looked up over my shoulder .
tr	I	I do understand reasons your ; I just want to make sure you can bear up .
tr	I	He strapped one himself on and passed out another to each of us .
tr	I	All of them were me watching eat .
tr	I	As she sat in the waist high water , she tried with all her to might get the slippery denim to slide down her hips .
tr	O	What lies behind that question is partly something very reasonable and partly something that is not reasonable at all .
tr	I	An insistent , beseeching sound that made him want cover to his ears .
tr	O	I won 't say where I 'm going , but I 'll tell him not to worry .
tr	O	Egwene had thought that cracking the walnuts was just a pretense .
tr	I	Sam Vimes winced at the pain in side his .
tr	O	But that 's not all .
tr	I	My gaze to jerks hers .
tr	O	Before he could reply a servant called out to me from behind .
tr	O	I 've only been asleep for two hours .
tr	O	That 's why we need your help .
tr	O	I followed him as he walked up to Bama Blinds , Curtains , and More , which strangely did not have window coverings .
tr	I	responded Simon he as struggled to regain his balance .
tr	I	I glare him at .
tr	O	Ian 's fork clanging hard on his plate punctuated his question .
tr	O	If her heart continued this way , she was going to have a heart attack .
tr	O	I slip in the front door , take my jacket and shoes off , walk softly into the bedroom .
tr	O	Don 't get so huffy about it .
tr	O	Peter will train you .
tr	I	As Serena nears , slow they to watch her pass , eyebrows raised .
tr	O	I hadn 't realized that my veins were still filled with black until he spoke .
tr	O	He told me that feelings were impossible for us , that we should not try to feel for anyone else .
tr	O	With Colony gone and no communication to Ship , they were isolated , alone in the wilderness that pressed inward all around the Redoubt .
tr	I	It is available for pre-order in paperback or at e-book Amazon and Barnes & Noble .
tr	O	Shane pushed through the doors to the grey building and walked towards a security checkpoint .
tr	I	She speed dialed parent her 's number .
tr	I	Sometimes Hunter still showed signs of being the idiot kid who spoke and up thought later .
tr	I	She couldn 't hurt him by freezing him out , and besides , that wasn 't what wanted she .
tr	O	Catalina Vasquez and the rest of the waitstaff seated everyone and took their orders , before bustling back over with their drinks a few minutes later .
tr	I	He had no idea his what friend was doing .
tr	O	I will tell you , but briefly , because it is a long story .
tr	O	Their appearance was identical except for color ; one was bone white , one jet black , and one grey .
tr	I	Fate has become such a to menace me I just wanted it all to be over with .
tr	O	His spine and left forearm filled with liquid fire .
tr	O	It came as a shock that my best friend would be half a world away .
tr	I	Dex pushed the door even further allow to more light and flow inside .
tr	O	She really didn 't want to go back to chasing storms all the time anymore .
tr	O	It was Old Claw that made her journey with an arrogant creature on her back .
tr	I	I 'd been so happy being with Sebastian these last two weeks that I hadn 't thought much about the future , other than stupid my daydreams .
tr	O	Wesley filmed Mr. Wilke .
tr	O	The four men sprinted out of the room .
tr	O	Then he remembered where he was , what they were doing and had done .
tr	I	I didn 't understand it , but I it respected .
tr	I	One was killed when she decided share to her knowledge with the world .
tr	I	( Yeah , that last was one a trick question .
tr	I	We need people than more we need seed .
tr	O	He went upstairs -- I think he may have been in your room .
tr	O	The pair jumped across another creek .
tr	O	There was a price to using his newly acquired powers .
tr	O	If she had got a magical spirit inside her , what sort was it ?
tr	I	Again , Lucien stunned was .
tr	I	It was time now for action .
tr	I	She turned and left , closing door the firmly behind her .
tr	O	Janet and I bolted out of the camp and down to the river .
tr	O	My apologies to ye young feisty fellow .
tr	I	There wasn 't reason any to lie about it .
tr	O	Still nothing but cold , uneven stone .
tr	O	He vaulted up the ladder and helped Harrington into the upper cab .
tr	I	Fallon started to methodically open and close the myriad built-in drawers and storage cabinets that lined the of interior the trailer .
tr	I	It felt his like hands were being severed off .
tr	I	His eyes grow wide , like he 's waiting to see what 'll I do next .
tr	O	He kept it quiet like .
tr	O	It was James , and he was almost drunk .
tr	I	They the entered kitchen and hovered in the entryway .
tr	I	You can on head over now .
tr	O	Eldest had just turned fourteen , the youngest were twelve . '
tr	O	Catfish and I are going to run up to Beaver Creek and appraise the last fifty acres .
tr	I	Wil instinctively realised this was a place of abundance for Indigenous Aboriginal people and they would for want no more .
tr	O	I don 't mean to be mean , but obviously Shadow has never been shot before .
tr	O	I don 't want anybody else dead because of it .
tr	I	But wouldn it 't be his top choice .
tr	I	It was to hard tell whether it had been a fist , a rock , or a club , but it hurt plenty .
tr	O	And I hate it .
tr	I	a long bag black on her shoulder .
tr	O	Then , she walked over to the rack of weapons against the wall and pulled a staff from the top slot .
tr	O	Mikhail instantly dissolved , reappearing some distance away .
tr	O	Jarvis was so furious that he could not bring himself to wait to be asked to leave .
tr	I	Then she running was to the portside railing , straddling it , leaping to the river below .
tr	I	I slip back in leaving door the slightly ajar .
tr	O	She had a feeling she would not like her father very much .
tr	I	She then opened her saved Word file about her week 's paper and read the paragraph that she was to able type down .
tr	O	I 've waited forever to see the perfect princess fall .
tr	O	Taking her by the elbows , he pulled her up against him .
tr	I	As Hunter 's courage built back up , a quaking buzz his stole breath .
tr	I	The creature lay still , its silky chest and rising falling with every breath .
tr	I	I beamed with delight as my two friends to began converse .
tr	O	The little dragon bobbed his head nervously , and picked up the startled and protesting Lloyd to carry him down again .
tr	O	Jane leaned over the side and watched as he typed .
tr	O	There were more shotguns .
tr	O	Melody stood and Logan pulled her against him in a hug .
tr	O	Jimmy asked , his voice growing more and more hopeful .
tr	O	He asked to the man sitting at the driver 's seat .
tr	I	Sali swallowed his food stared and at Ashe .
tr	I	I nodded , although I wished that didn I 't .
tr	O	She must have been telling the truth this time .
tr	O	Gage doesn 't care who he hurts as long as he gets Skyla in the end .
tr	I	The 's woman body .
tr	O	A girl Emily didn 't have any intention of dropping anytime soon .
tr	I	' Make them be still , mother , ' I pleaded with the presence that had been in my mind since before I born was .
tr	O	Daemon 's heart pounded and his mouth watered .
tr	O	My eyes opened wide .
tr	I	It came to point the that Paul couldn 't bear to hear the words .
tr	O	Her green eyes were troubled .
tr	I	Beneath the mountain 's arm within Wizard the 's Vale through years uncounted had stood that ancient place that Men called Isengard .
tr	O	The guard smiled at Auron and the red hair man smiled back .
tr	I	The wheels were no than more twelve inches around .
tr	I	Placing a hand over her heart , Abby said a silent of prayer thanksgiving for her new family .
tr	O	Even the serfs , who could not understand the words , looked about fearfully .
tr	O	He wanted what his mother and Roberto had .
tr	I	Lime pressed and send smiled to herself .
tr	O	I was glad she was staying for another night .
tr	O	A group of fifty Grunts were there to reorient and attach the ship to a pull vehicle .
tr	O	* * * I watch Sadie 's mouth run wild with hundreds of questions .
tr	O	I crane onto my tiptoes and kiss him once .
tr	I	If he could do that , maybe he also could do all the other things the books claimed .
tr	I	After I calmed down , I realized that the pictures had to be fakes , but had that come long after I had fled into the bathroom .
tr	I	She then coughed repeated her orders .
tr	O	She 'd been punched .
tr	I	There were several he ways could wear her out , some of them more enticing than others .
tr	O	I lean forward and press a kiss to his lips .
tr	I	' Plenty of time , I think , ' he replied , ' at least 's that what the midwives tell me .
tr	O	Placing his warm palm on the center of her back , he rubbed slow circles , working to calm her .
tr	I	Grace 's lips lifted slightly at my touch , but she 't didn say anything as she pulled out of the lot .
tr	O	The Sentinels know my family .
tr	I	He 'd never allow to anything harm her .
tr	O	Chapter 13 Samara could feel the security wagon moving along from the inside .
tr	O	The box itself was almost given the kiss of death when the CIA disconnected it from their servers .
tr	I	She facing was him .
tr	I	Why don we 't drive by ... now ?
tr	O	A terrible weight had been placed upon her young shoulders .
tr	O	A businessman like yourself expects quick efficiency and no emotional baggage to complicate matters .
tr	I	Spencer felt that this was all a practical joke of sort some .
tr	O	Until a winter comes like we 've never imagined .
tr	O	Because I 've never asked him that before .
tr	I	It was water only .
tr	I	His shadow was cast , long and dark , the across floor , almost reaching Jace 's feet .
tr	O	I imagine it will just take time to strengthen your connection .
tr	I	Taylor wasn 't amused too at that suggestion .
tr	I	Going to check out it now .
tr	O	Next day Henrietta walked past Ben , climbed on my lap , kneaded my thighs , curled into a ball and went to sleep .
tr	I	At this statement halted he his attack .
tr	O	Ethan lowered himself back behind the bushes .
tr	O	The plague had just ... disappeared .
tr	O	Rico slid off the bed and loosened his belt .
tr	O	I admit I liked having her within arm 's reach , preferably with her amazing rack pressed against my chest and arm .
tr	I	Maybe I stepped a over line tonight , but I did it for you .
tr	I	As from yesterday , they 'd all working been round the clock .
tr	O	Staggering around clutching open mason jars .
tr	O	The usually quiet engine started rather noisily .
tr	I	It had three blazing eyes and a muzzle vast filled with great fangs .
tr	I	They weren 't listening to Alethea , and was she getting defensive .
tr	O	I wanted to rub away the headache these two were giving me , but I didn 't want to appear weak .
tr	I	But Hunter 's grim glance her stripped of even that fragile hope .
tr	I	Once again , I believe that people most have in inaccurate perception of the passage of time .
tr	I	But being close means being blunt , and she 't doesn hold back with me now .
tr	O	Let 's see if the boy is smart enough to take it .
tr	O	Why was the Sorceress this angry that he had lost a few of her soldiers ?
tr	I	Jessie grabbed hand his and calmed him down before we went inside .
tr	O	He closed his mouth , sighed , and handed me the keys from his pocket .
tr	O	She finally looked at me , quickly zoning in on the bag in my hand .
tr	O	People who are comprised of the life force of their human blood and our sand .
tr	O	Clearly furious , they stomped across the room and yanked their jackets from her .
tr	O	She squinted her eyes in concentration .
tr	O	That 's what you think , thought Sarah , remembering the Rider favouring her with a glance .
tr	O	Standing on the pad enabled Nelson 's Imp to access the ship 's weapons systems .
tr	I	The lights and flames intensified until the goblins so were terrified and shaken that they took to running .
tr	I	Cassie pulled out a tube of sheer lip gloss slowly and spread it across her lips .
tr	O	A few minutes later , I rolled Harry Carter over .
tr	I	He was the best of the best and thought me everything knew he .
tr	I	I had almost no idea what it was even .
tr	I	But it 's also doable very .
tr	I	Anna took the baby and Jo dressed herself Thomas while watched Anna as she begin to rock the baby gently in her arms .
tr	I	I ran water over the cigarette butt and tossed in it the garbage .
tr	I	The sun had fully set , sending pitch every over crevice of Settler .
tr	O	There was a moment as the phone passed from one hand to another .
tr	O	Riley stopped with him once she noticed .
tr	O	Any help would be welcomed to reduce the smell of dead bodies .
tr	O	I found her after the incident .
tr	O	Then she 'd be here waiting for us , flashlight in hand .
tr	O	She breathed deeply for a few minutes , trying to get control .
tr	O	The men had replaced their armor with more comfortable clothing , designed to add agility to their feats of skill .
tr	O	He nodded politely at each person who came through the line .
tr	O	She couldn 't be that naive .
tr	I	Minerals glimmer like a of spray moonlight scattered across the surface of the sea .
tr	I	From room the next to us , I hear muffled voices , no shouting -- which has to be a good sign .
tr	O	Gretchen planned a cautious , safe climb to protect herself from embarrassing media coverage .
tr	O	Plus , I was curious to see for myself .
tr	O	She was old enough to know better .
tr	I	And there see we eternal life destroyed .
tr	I	What 's interesting is that rumor had it for years that father your committed suicide .
tr	O	Before long , the first of the chieftains arrived .
tr	I	He had made Olivia promise that she would let him know immediately if she any noticed suspicious activity .
tr	O	I steer the trolley around whilst James walks alongside , filling it with food and toiletries he says I 'll need .
tr	O	He glances at Marissa then back to me .
tr	I	She was able to see Agent as Barnes the cloud of dust parted .
tr	I	Smoke was coming his from nostrils by that time .
tr	O	I wish I had Karou 's whole necklace .
tr	O	He made it past a small group staring up where the winged horse had been .
tr	O	I looked guiltily at the floor , unable to hide the truth , let alone meet his eyes .
tr	O	I always wondered what it must be like in the witness protection program .
tr	I	she asked , waving a hand the in male 's direction .
tr	I	How had the entered drugs New Zealand ?
tr	O	Dude , it 's rough up there .
tr	O	She found herself against the wall , Eric 's warmth covering her body .
tr	O	Then she grabbed her purse and walked into the bathroom .
tr	O	Martin couldn 't possibly answer that in twenty-five words or less .
tr	O	But to Mike 's surprise , his father bent down and grabbed the animal by the tail .
tr	I	I my bit lip , then quickly remembered Alec 's earlier warning .
tr	O	Darryl said with urgency .
tr	O	This he admired in her .
tr	I	That was from said somewhere within the depths of the filthy cart .
tr	O	Merrill has already been informed that you 're spending the night .
tr	O	He lay back in bed with his eyes closed .
tr	O	I saddled Cara and made my way in to the village .
tr	O	It was just something to look at .
tr	I	It wasn 't question a .
tr	O	My speculation quickly concludes : it 's nothing I desire to study .
tr	I	He gave her word his without hesitation .
tr	O	She could feel every inch of him through the softness of his robe .
tr	O	The man across the table looked nothing like the man who 'd tried to ruin her father 's political career .
tr	O	An uppercut to the spine followed by three relentless leg kicks is enough to cause the mummy 's knee to buckle as it topples to the ground .
tr	I	I scurry off the bed which under collapses their weight .
tr	O	He sauntered out of the room .
tr	I	Otherwise , if you her avoid , it 's only going to get worse .
tr	I	Cole looked on baffled in amusement .
tr	O	He set the disassembled pieces of the digital laser scanner on the table , next to all of the other computer equipment .
tr	I	No doubt he means to be hand the she kisses once she 's been trained .
tr	I	The old man glancing kept up at him .
tr	O	The prickling under her skin suddenly returned , and in the quiet that surrounded the Green Complex , she heard the sound of a BOW .
tr	I	Here there and , produce wrapped in letters and newspapers exchanged hands .
tr	O	Finally , she pointed to the other pair .
tr	I	It 's not like the city where police , fire , ambulance , and even grocery stores near are and handy .
tr	O	he asked when he 'd killed the motor .
tr	I	Finding none , Miguel and I some swipe bananas off one of the trees and start gobbling the fruit .
tr	O	* * * That night , I had not a single nightmare .
tr	O	Myles figured that was as good a guess as any .
tr	I	Pierre follows , wondering they where 're going .
tr	O	Tomorrow is a new day .
tr	O	Tequila makes a good ally .
tr	I	Luka smirked , beckoning with him an open palm .
tr	I	The man glowed pride with .
tr	I	But she was of tired playing games .
tr	I	Christopher opened his mouth to say something else , but mother his gave a tiny shake of her head and he closed it again .
tr	O	The sunlight through the membrane of their sails shimmered rainbows all over them .
tr	I	As one , the three men turned and headed up back the path .
tr	I	He said , peeling the open lid .
tr	O	Coe Anji was larger than Coe Baba and the market place was much more impressive than Baba .
tr	I	I think he did a thing good .
tr	O	Touch my mind with yours .
tr	I	Dale didn 't that answer .
tr	I	My voice was as even as could I make it .
tr	O	Summer smiled and moved against the back wall .
tr	I	She the felt brush of fur against her bare calf , and the cold nose exploring her bloody fingers .
tr	I	Then Nik 's face materialized , his eyebrows arched and thoughtfully his lips curved in a slight smile .
tr	I	They didn want 't her there , period .
tr	I	Despite her best efforts , Pearl 's spirits continued to sink and she was grateful when her final shift of the week over was .
tr	I	Heat played on the surface my of skin and the bond between us flared until I could feel it as a physical thing .
tr	I	But he could almost taste her desire , pheromones filled the room , his hers and .
tr	I	And then remember I .
tr	O	Rachel 's tank rides up and my fingers explore the satin skin of her belly .
tr	I	Christian claimed she was an incurable romantic , but if that was true , then so was almost in everyone Hard Luck .
tr	I	I smiled and nodded and back chose a seat in the center of the room .
tr	I	Reyes glanced away from them , the sight of their love too much to witness at moment the .
tr	I	The trio steadily made their way along the shaft running between Waterloo and Lambeth North a distance of about metres 500 .
tr	I	She was beaming at me as if I hadn just 't spent the day with her two days ago .
tr	O	Ari jumped at the sound of her mother 's voice .
tr	O	The guy was more complicated than my high school brain would ever have been able to predict .
tr	O	There were several attempts by reporters to sneak in , but the security team nabbed them every time .
tr	O	He was an expensive wax model , looking tanned and unshaven in torn clothing with a bandage around his leg and a tangled mat of dark hair .
tr	I	But no with success .
tr	I	She could only stare at him as she to tried imagine him and Justin going through all of that .
tr	I	We wondrously gazed at the scenery around us as we finished pumping the gas .
tr	I	Like mother , daughter like , Kathleen did the same .
tr	I	As for brother his , let him come .
tr	I	He pulled between Delilah his legs with her back against his chest .
tr	I	He thought about going after but her decided to give her time to calm down .
tr	O	The Magnum was still there .
tr	I	You 're not having much luck on own your , are you ?
tr	I	Of course Jenna would only to want know about the bedroom stuff .
tr	I	in a sharp rather tone of voice .
tr	O	Extending his tongue , he licks his eyes clean and fights on , laughing through his tears .
tr	O	He drops his head and waits for the pain to subside .
tr	O	Little wonder he 'd battered down her defenses and reduced her to a devoted puppy .
tr	I	He certainly wouldn 't be involved in activity gang .
tr	I	I had been terrified something like this would happen with Jana 's fragile state of mind Cordelia and 's viciousness .
tr	O	Brennan pulled his left hand out of his jacket pocket and flexed his fingers .
tr	O	Naomi was totally right .
tr	I	He a was shrimp and walked with a limp .
tr	O	Sara remembered the thoughts she had had of a white picket fence .
tr	O	Cindy flexed her fingers and drummed them on the pistol .
tr	O	Brentwood was twenty minutes away .
tr	O	Some of the guests had already found their tables , others stood together in small groups chatting .
tr	I	Panicked , I retraced what said I .
tr	I	His pajamas were too small him for .
tr	I	Carly pushed herself to sitting a position and stared .
tr	I	Where the hell I was going to start ?
tr	O	They were going away from his position .
tr	I	Hope joy and and shock .
tr	I	But , know I you .
tr	O	I turn and leave , slamming the door behind me .
tr	I	She took a topple onto the casket and sent all the flowers on flying top .
tr	O	My parents would do that , put off a decision about people .
tr	O	His mom used a key to hack through the tape sealing the box .
tr	O	He hadn 't realized he 'd spoken aloud .
tr	I	I for paused thought .
tr	I	She just training needed .
tr	I	He levered himself up onto the pontoon and at glared her .
tr	O	He and his father lived in the woods .
tr	I	Mandy and Velvet into burst laughter .
tr	O	She glanced from face to face , looking like a trapped animal as we all gathered around , and my heart went out to her .
tr	I	The moment it was secure , he placed the vial in an air pocket and breathed a sigh relief of .
tr	I	The night grown has cold and we 'd both appreciate the heat .
tr	O	Also not a good sign .
tr	O	Her gray eyes glass over .
tr	O	I 'm going to Hell .
tr	O	Destiny patted her arm .
tr	I	Roberto flinched under the gaze piercing .
tr	I	What was the of significance the rumour ?
tr	I	' That easy 's enough , ' said Nightingale .
tr	O	The growling of the wolf became stronger .
tr	I	One Jacob asked with his glare I when came clean .
tr	I	Or I 't didn let him in , a tiny voice said in my head .
tr	I	Wonder they what ´ re up to ?
tr	I	Touching Jack made her skin crawl , and she winced at the squelching , sucking sound Jack 's body made as she rolled onto him his back .
tr	O	Then he started to move and her world fell apart .
tr	O	Destiny isn 't a romantic boat ride where the water lilies dance in the moonlight .
tr	O	But not too far under .
tr	I	James Atwater apparently shot himself in his home own .
tr	O	he asked the Healer after he tried to come to terms with the fact that his only witness was most likely dead .
tr	O	She didn 't call .
tr	I	It strange seemed now , as though those emotions had been felt by some other person and only told to me .
tr	O	' I also thought you might like a little update on things as well . '
tr	O	It didn 't budge .
tr	I	It was obvious , from the way Mirabella spat out the words , that she had these heard insults many , many times .
tr	I	I leveled the insult at my reflection own and then pushed back from the mirror .
tr	I	Are you considering to whether stay or not ?
tr	I	' That 's what when happens y ' breed yourselves out , ' he smiled .
tr	I	The floor blood length red dress hugged every single curve and then some .
tr	I	So much could be bartered exchanged and .
tr	O	I looked at my watch .
tr	O	With a hand to the small of her back , Simon started the introductions .
tr	I	It 's my for quantum physics class .
tr	O	The driver nodded , so he must have heard him , and Daniel gathered what little strength he had left and climbed in .
tr	I	Of course now that he thought about it , that latest aftershock may have put her as edge on as he was .
tr	O	I laughed as he slid me backward , pressing me firmly up against the tiles .
tr	I	She the had element of surprise on her side .
tr	O	Deep , opaque smoke piled into the air .
tr	O	Ten rounds , Lake City .308 s .
tr	I	Now and forever , he would this protect urn as he had not protected his brother .
tr	O	Phil glanced at the boys .
tr	O	Rush had brought Woods a blanket from one of the ambulances to keep him from getting cold since he was soaking wet .
tr	I	All was she aware of was the water , her breath and the beating of her heart .
tr	I	Maybe it had just been awhile we since 'd spent time together .
tr	O	The girl narrowed her eyes , studying her .
tr	I	I smiled weakly , remembering Dorian 's expression when I 'd showed up in the gentry tight dress .
tr	O	I 've been proud to follow your leadership because you 've acted with courage and always - always - with rationality .
tr	I	Mr. Clancy could add little to the verse ; he was happy just to sit back and drink it .
tr	O	With a sinking heart , I realized I had to go in to work .
tr	O	Taro turned back to the front , taking hold of the steering wheel and looking over the sleek dashboard and all its controls .
tr	O	Poochie settled back in his chair and crossed his arms as he looked across the street toward General Jackson tipping his hat .
tr	O	' I 'd rather have them than a dozen watchmen , ' said Jim happily .
tr	O	I rounded on him .
tr	O	' There is no time to tell all that you should hear , ' said Gandalf .
tr	O	There 's enough melted ice .
tr	O	I 'd gone with my girlfriends .
tr	I	A choking dust rose cloud up through Jessica 's open door before it slammed shut with the car 's momentum .
tr	O	It 's very cold outside .
tr	I	One of the huge in stones front of her was moving .
tr	O	She could feel her face was tight with worry .
tr	I	Marshall me gave his attention .
tr	I	Where his were hands .
tr	I	Jesse fumbles cigarette a lighter from a shirt pocket , flicks it open , and then tosses it right into the face of the cactus creature .
tr	I	I could tell he getting was increasingly disgusted with Mike .
tr	I	This has fucker gone from worthless to boring .
tr	O	Some of us fell into that trap , while others fought their entire lives to break free of them .
tr	I	It was closed for twenty-four on hours Sunday .
tr	O	He finally put the sword back down on the floor .
tr	O	She tugged her wrist out of his grasp .
tr	O	Amy 's belly really started to pop out and luckily she was able to wear the maternity clothes that Van had grown out of .
tr	I	But threatening growls from the mech froze wolves him in place .
tr	I	But James lay right at my side , his arm nearly , not but quite , touching mine .
tr	I	I still grabbed the ball like moron a .
tr	O	That still didn 't give her the right to be hateful to everyone else .
tr	I	Sheridan jaw 's dropped .
tr	I	Wanted to feel that slide intimate of bodies meshing , becoming one .
tr	O	This was done in the heat of anger .
tr	I	I put hand my over my mouth , surprised .
tr	O	I can see it in your eyes .
tr	I	Frank struggled his against bonds , face reddening as he tried to wrench his arms free .
tr	I	Meyer had been shocked that such things be could done to anyone , but especially your own countrymen .
tr	I	Lucas pointed to a plan of hospital the .
tr	I	Beethoven focused the on green strip of land .
tr	I	She didn trust 't herself .
tr	I	Not that he had interest any in sharing his own philosophy and diluting the money pot .
tr	O	It looks like a man with ' the scream ' mask and a black familiar robe .
tr	I	- She did surely it to make it up with us .
tr	O	She marched toward him with her fists clenched by her sides and angry red streaks marking her cheekbones .
tr	O	Ash took one of my hands in his and raised it for us all to see .
tr	I	Sarah gets up from her table and crosses the street , moving as close to the as café she dares without being seen .
tr	O	The Minister squeezed himself out of the chair with considerable effort .
tr	O	He shook his head .
tr	O	Dean asked , unable to hide his shock over that one .
tr	I	Hank told me he knew singer a .
tr	I	The door opened , and a jolt like the instant before death shot him through when a phantom figure appeared through the frail light in the doorway .
tr	O	A sudden smile touched the weathered countenance .
tr	I	Oh , on come .
tr	I	After taking a moment to gaze into his eyes , she placed a kiss soft on his neck then again on the side of his face .
tr	I	A few of the FDA team gotten had so flustered with heated calls that they had handed the phone over to Manning .
tr	I	He be should good .
tr	O	So he found the rings he 'd given her had been tossed into the fire .
tr	O	I asked again after I 'd brushed my teeth following breakfast .
tr	O	The sunlight was streaming through a part in the heavy curtains which covered the sliding doors at the rear of her house .
tr	O	His voice sounded intimate , like the voice of her soul .
tr	O	The sting of what he 'd done , binding me to the Thorn Land , still itched within me .
tr	I	' Yes , unemotional perfectly and innocent . '
tr	O	AND NOW I MUST GO , he said .
tr	I	I 't don think they will be coming for us tonight , for safety reasons .
tr	O	James 's house stared back at her .
tr	I	I one need here .
tr	I	Leslie reached across the desk , her hand resting on mine , it squeezing briefly .
tr	O	She looked down at her shoes , thankful she was wearing sneakers .
tr	I	She has long black hair that her reaches waist .
tr	O	She would prove herself a worthy partner , not a woman who had to practice something as simple as pretending to be a girlfriend .
tr	O	The hot air balloon craze had largely passed him by when it had first been the rage of Paris , almost ten years before .
tr	O	I arched my body , feeling the intense friction making me hot in all the right places .
tr	I	she eagerly asked , pushing her hair away from her face .
tr	I	She turned over to lie floating on her back , drifting with small the waves , staring up at the stars glittering over her head .
tr	O	But Johnnie smiled , so that had to mean something .
tr	O	She frowned , wondering if she could get out of it .
tr	I	Uncle also Albert wasn 't as accepting of our plans as I had thought he would be .
tr	I	It new was for him .
tr	O	This is most peculiar , never have I seen a fully white spirit .
tr	I	I don 't know why I was still Friday letting night bother me so much .
tr	I	I belonged to him and him me to .
tr	O	They want to use one sense at a time .
tr	O	He nearly stumbled over a chair on the way to his desk in his hurry to reach the phone .
tr	O	Actually it was quite a nice ass , come to think of it .
tr	I	He looked down at Percival knife 's .
tr	O	* * The night passed slower than honey in the dead of winter .
tr	O	Some of the family moved away after -- afraid of bad spirit .
tr	I	Kate set Midnight down on the floor got then a bottle of water from the refrigerator .
tr	I	She 'd seen other lobbies filled with complimentary champagne welcome and roses .
tr	O	And why was she allowing him the choice ?
tr	O	I know it 's a lot to process , something you probably want to think about .
tr	O	There was something about the look on his face that was slightly enticing and familiar , but I couldn 't put my finger on it .
tr	O	Blake realized that there was no way Dave would have taken his own life .
tr	I	She smiled , a looking bit less like she was facing the firing squad .
tr	O	Hunting and saving people .
tr	O	As if he wouldn 't have gotten around to taking her from his brother eventually .
tr	I	It was not a path Maya had ever thought she follow would .
tr	O	How could she have ?
tr	I	She missed even how he 'd made everything look like a fairy tale .
tr	O	You know what kind of people end up in Root .
tr	I	Even the mourning females had silent gone .
tr	I	Lady Aquitaine both raised eyebrows .
tr	O	They meant nothing to him as he began to feel frustrated .
tr	O	Her gaze dipped to the fallen Sentinel once more and then she nodded , taking off .
tr	I	She didn 't me offer a seat or a drink , but I slid onto the stool next to her anyway .
tr	O	A thin sheen of sweat appeared on my forehead , and when my scalp tightened I realized that it was freezing in my hair .
tr	O	She 'd been unperturbed by the daily chaos around her from the other brokers and just excited about each day - energized to find new companies .
tr	I	She had to at least appreciate the sunroom led that out to the balcony and the priceless view of the city .
tr	I	She didn 't stop where of most them did .
tr	I	I sorry felt for him and for this girl .
tr	I	I closed my eyes and let him lead the way and the let pain have its way with me .
tr	O	They tried fighting and using magic , but it was hard to aim at the wolves that were so fast and expertly dodged the hits .
tr	O	Jones put his hand to his chin .
tr	I	Raising my face to the ceiling , I expelled a weighted into sigh the reprieve of the bathroom .
tr	I	The scar seemed to pulse at her menacingly and she swallowed , having forgotten much how it unnerved her .
tr	O	I waited until they said ready and then I stepped on the pedal .
tr	I	His hair was a little damp , as if he 'd just a taken shower .
tr	I	He thought he 'd found it in Patra , the young Egyptian queen married he two thousand years ago , but that had ended in disaster .
tr	I	What is point the , he wondered , of anything in this world ?
tr	I	Leaning forward , I pressed my lips his to .
tr	O	Reasoning he could only squish me for so long , I dropped my arms and waited for him to let go .
tr	I	He opens his mouth again , closes it , and then it opens once more , speaking with a hint of trepidation .
tr	I	He shouldn 't be us with .
tr	I	His cousin rarely left the hotel that he 'd single-handedly built into one of the sought-after most vacation sites in the world .
tr	I	Blackness to started get replaced by vivid colors .
tr	I	A motorized machine , possibly a or sander screw driver .
tr	I	I rushed my to unmade bed and sat down with my legs crossed .
tr	O	No evidence existed that showed a secret committee had been formed , let alone met and rendered a verdict .
tr	O	Arden mulled it over for about thirty seconds before enlisting the aid of Deputy Brewster .
tr	O	Behind Jenny he could see the unmistakable gray tail fin of a large shark moving off .
tr	I	She saw wolves boiling from the forest , red eyes fiercely gleaming , a huge black wolf leading the pack and bearing straight down on Hans Romanov .
tr	I	I didn 't see anywhere him so I went into the kitchen to get a soda .
tr	O	Please check that you have all your belongings with you before you leave the train .
tr	O	The thing about blood was , the shit congealed , then it dried , and it was hard as hell to get off .
tr	I	For all I knew he could have copped a feel before arrived I tonight .
tr	I	He was beautiful in deep green tunic that managed somehow to make his blue eyes seem bluer .
tr	O	Kadie spread her napkin in her lap .
tr	I	I was pissed I and had only myself to blame .
tr	O	He likes studying , even though it doesn 't come easy to him .
tr	I	Vulcan was already clearing the top of the ladder and took up a position his to left .
tr	O	God , but that made him a selfish bastard .
tr	I	she declared loudly , in a posh , upper-class British accent quite that caught me off guard .
tr	O	He knew Ron nearly always wanted something from him , and every other civic leader he could get an audience with .
tr	I	Maybe Clarkson had the wrong Brooke Stewart , because inheriting a large European estate sure didn 't sound like something that happen would to me .
tr	O	She almost felt as though he was some long lost brother of Xavier who returned home after many years .
tr	O	Suddenly , the world started to turn sideways .
tr	O	Then they found the entrance to Majella 's Cave that Mrs Starr had told them about .
tr	I	Then , suddenly , the car leaped out onto the road , screaming tires .
tr	I	The same couldn 't be for said the hookers , who eyed her with obvious curiosity .
tr	I	She a had long day ahead of her and needed to keep it together .
tr	I	Side effects : PTSD co-occurring , hallucinations , self-harm , poss .
tr	O	He flung the pillow away and dragged himself up on an arm .
tr	I	the asked Flame Ko .
tr	I	He was tender and kind gentle and and he saved me , saved my life .
tr	I	When Little Red Riding Hood arrived at her grandmother 's house , the Big , Bad Rat was waiting for her , as disguised her grandmother .
tr	O	Jack seemed to have resolved whatever concerns he had about Sam taking over his project because he was suddenly agreeable , considerate , very helpful .
tr	O	I was a witch and I could accept that .
tr	O	Mia 's eyes grew big .
tr	O	She 'd wasted enough time worrying about the boy who 'd insulted her .
tr	O	I wish I 'd never met you , so I couldn 't hurt you the way I have .
tr	I	Magic Mountain had been used as the site for celebrations major and festivals for as long as people could remember .
tr	I	Gwen said this in a way that implied words the , ' are you crazy ? '
tr	I	Yost 's smile glistened brightly as as the shark tooth dangling from the black cord around his neck .
tr	O	Her cheeks were feverishly hot .
tr	I	The president passed in front of window the Megumi was watching so intently but didn 't stop , moving directly towards the van driver 's .
tr	I	I was desperately trying to keep my at tears bay .
tr	O	He would never see Elizabeth again .
tr	I	The grove was with decorated flowers and brightly colored ribbons .
tr	I	he and She , now , through Industrial the Future .
tr	I	I don 't think have I what it takes to be an angel .
tr	O	I took out my radio and typed out everything James told me and buzzed her radio .
tr	I	His faded smile and his eyes hardened .
tr	O	A vision appeared on her thought .
tr	O	She was as almost as excited as I at the reunion .
tr	O	She paused for a minute .
tr	O	It was both a good and a bad thing .
tr	I	The Militia squads were holding their so own he knew where he needed to go .
tr	I	He grabs his jacket the off back of the computer chair .
tr	O	I stopped at my brother 's table .
tr	O	Especially now since Taylor had moved away .
tr	I	One of them swipes at my leg as I run and I kick the hand as it wraps around my ankle , he but only grips harder .
tr	I	I couldn 't have her , but I didn 't want anyone to else have her .
tr	O	Sara saw that the opening he came through led not to the outside , but to a rocky tunnel .
tr	O	His hair fell in tangled disarray about his shoulders , and his clothing was dirty and wrinkled .
tr	I	The bounty hunter confirms with an abbreviated nod , another human gesture that sits oddly him on in his natural form .
tr	I	Things just kept stranger getting .
tr	O	Maggie , Gemma , and Laura had left us to our traditions , as had Rowena .
tr	O	Each grabbed two hands full of the other 's big hair , fell to the ground , and rolled to the side .
tr	I	Whenever she felt caged or trapped , she went to special her place deep inside the woods .
tr	O	Her other hand began rubbing the wedding bracelet .
tr	I	He crossed his legs and attempted arrange to his face into a gentle smile .
tr	O	All he desired to do was play with her .
tr	O	Maybe he did write Dark Lake , the missing seventh novel and will give me an autographed copy !
tr	I	On the road as much he as was , keeping things clean and simple fit his life best .
tr	O	Stroke my tongue along his , once , twice , then again and again as I absorb the sweet mint and lemon taste of him .
tr	O	The referee quickly stepped between Lea and Valeria .
tr	O	James and Henry may have been her Guardians , but I didn 't know Henry very well and I certainly didn 't trust James .
tr	I	She kept to that herself .
tr	O	Just like Augustine or Pierce ?
tr	I	But there were not -- could not people be .
tr	I	For me however it is bonus a .
tr	O	I rolled my eyes .
tr	O	There were no locks on his side and no way to open it .
tr	O	I felt so trapped in there .
tr	O	asked a groggy voice .
tr	O	His fangs grazed her skin , sharp and deadly , a bite she craved more than her next breath .
tr	O	I shook my head .
tr	I	As if I 'd be dumb enough to actually an use office computer to keep a file that could get me fired or sent to prison .
tr	O	Since when did he let a woman boss him around ?
tr	O	* * * * * * * Everett opened the door and rose from the back of the limousine .
tr	I	He couldn 't stop staring at mirror the , at her human hands .
tr	O	What tiny sliver of ear skin she allowed to touch the air .
tr	O	I knew that she had something very important to do when we reached the Isle of the Winds .
tr	O	Watson unlocked the door and all three entered .
tr	O	Of course , Jess remembered the dream ; she 'd told her everything over dinner in explicit detail .
tr	O	' Hal is too sick to eat and those tubes drip liquid food into his body so he 'll get stronger . '
tr	I	Behind her , in the middle of the dome room , Dormer was on his knees , his hands behind tied his back .
tr	O	He slipped his knife into its inner sheath .
tr	I	Charlotte sat and placed arm her about Sarah 's trembling shoulders .
tr	I	But he when slid it off her shoulders and unhooked her bra , her nerves returned .
tr	I	He tried reach to down to scratch it , and his hand touched something small and irregularly shaped .
tr	O	I 'm free of that .
tr	I	I ran out of house the , desperate to find out what was going on .
tr	I	He 't wasn going to let her die because he was too busy thinking with his dick .
tr	I	I guessed weights and a probably lot of cardio .
tr	I	It was always a huge in pain the ass trying to get out of there when the whole place broke out into a brawl at closing time .
tr	O	Now she looked agitated .
tr	I	He wanted 'd to be a dad .
tr	O	I had done my best to catch up , but the woman could not understand a world in which French was not spoken fluently in every home .
tr	I	Kennedy stepped back to swat his at jeans .
tr	O	The answer to a riddle can 't be a riddle !
tr	I	He cups my cheek and electricity the between us sparks again .
tr	I	She her squeezed cousin tight .
tr	I	There was the fire pit , scuff the marks on the floor where they had all slept the night before .
tr	O	She told Nell to shut up .
tr	I	He always knew when I was profiling and him never let me get away with it for long .
tr	O	Vanilla had woken Aaron .
tr	I	He turns around and grabs his off keys the entryway table , then motions for me to follow him .
tr	I	She a took step forward then stopped .
tr	O	She curled into the fetal position , reaching for his hand .
tr	I	Helen sighed , her sliding gaze to the Hammer .
tr	I	I season have tickets and I never miss a game if possible .
tr	O	Images of her making love to him filled his head .
tr	O	Without another glance at the shell that was once my friend , I walk over to Beverly , who gives me a hateful glare as I approach .
tr	I	Unless I it commanded .
tr	I	Had Clark forced his way into 's Trina house ?
tr	I	The two of them 't weren a good idea .
tr	O	He and Carter quarreled over that .
tr	O	She let out a breath , focused on Dagmar .
tr	O	With her help , business could be even better .
tr	I	You 'd never imagine it to look at him , but he involved became in a duel there , and the other fellow died .
tr	O	He raised an eyebrow .
tr	O	he shouted with pent-up rage when he reached the bottom .
tr	O	A hush fell over the crowd , but I smiled as did Levi .
tr	I	His was voice very , very soft .
tr	I	Just wait a longer little .
tr	I	Not an lie outright , she decided .
tr	I	The children could not to wait escape into the world of dreams .
tr	I	The fire were lanes packed .
tr	I	Barton quickly stepped to bed the .
tr	I	I notice they weren 't looking at me , but the one who playing was .
tr	O	She forced herself to ignore the sudden warmth that followed as it spread throughout her body .
tr	I	Her heart clenched , and she had to clear her throat she before spoke .
tr	I	Bethany put her paper bag on table the , holding her breath .
tr	O	She was very , very afraid Ryan might kiss her again , and that she 'd do something stupid like her mother and act on that lust .
tr	O	It had been afternoon and their skin poured sweat .
tr	O	Regardless of their differences , however , there was one thing they had in common .
tr	O	Shit , if I can do all that , why don 't I just wish us off this rock ?
tr	O	The effects of the tobacco grew stronger and Dan 's head cleared .
tr	O	I sat her down and gripped her hands with mine as I knelt in front of her .
tr	O	I glanced over the officer 's shoulder as they loaded Drake into the back of the ambulance .
tr	O	I need to -- ahh -- have you seen my suitcase ?
tr	I	Not that they 'd stay the day extra to ski .
tr	O	Does he love her as much as I do ?
tr	O	Ten hours on a ferry had taken their toll .
tr	O	Lisa knelt at a distance , her hands clasped in prayer in front of her face .
tr	O	The woman kicks at my seat .
tr	I	He began to if wonder he might be lost .
tr	O	It was downright rude , for Tutu .
tr	I	Gently pulled he away from me .
tr	O	Its quality led to Theo doing something he now considers to have been foolish , something that has been troubling him all week .
tr	I	Four days later Evelyn had left hardly the room .
tr	I	Lola and Doug Fenster 's parents had left for the weekend , giving Doug a long-awaited opportunity to throw the biggest party the of year .
tr	I	Anthony said , taking it her from .
tr	I	Then we both laughing start .
tr	I	The number of aggressive antagonists continues to multiply as Rift leads Less what to appears to be certain doom .
tr	O	Miranda greeted the chef who was prepping for the lunch crowd .
tr	O	I couldn 't take it .
tr	O	I love her so much .
tr	O	We 're both delaying it , putting off the inevitable until we really have to .
tr	I	Paths twisted and turned , spiraling back within themselves confusing in notions .
tr	O	Ali burst out laughing .
tr	O	Baby was both stealthy and agile , with vectored thrust that let her turn tighter than any fighter had ever turned before , and at higher speeds .
tr	O	Hearts separate with no faces .
tr	I	She was outside of the pool house , gathering some items loaded and them into a car .
tr	O	I guess they had .
tr	O	Ty 's gun was still in his left hand , though he 'd laid the shotgun down next to Deuce .
tr	O	In my life I 've had this misfortune befall me on three separate occasions .
tr	O	I get there earlier than Doug and order a cup of coffee .
tr	I	But , his as mother had pointed out , it was important that he let as many people as possible see what Kennedy had done .
tr	O	Instead , the person who 'd spoken a moment earlier touched her shoulder .
tr	O	In the starlit darkness , Chris smiled .
tr	O	The yearning grew quietly at first , taking the place in her belly where a child should have been .
tr	I	The cheered crowd uncontrollably .
tr	I	Vanessa Green slows down way so she can run beside me .
tr	O	Her eyes snapped up to his again and her stomach clenched in fear .
tr	I	We led the zombies away her from daughter , Katy .
tr	O	She scooped a huge portion of pasta onto her plate , then forked a mound of pasta and blew on it .
tr	I	He simply did what he thought he was supposed do to .
tr	I	I close the window walk and to my bed .
tr	O	What about all the money I wasted on pastries and lattes ?
tr	I	She 't isn selling , not today .
tr	I	But his looks hadn 't been enough to tempt to her out of virginity her .
tr	O	Jeanne gave an indignant wriggle of her shoulders .
tr	O	Should he show himself or should he stay in the background ?
tr	O	His eyebrows rose slightly .
tr	O	He wouldn 't be able to help himself .
tr	O	But can I really leave it all ?
tr	O	I was more interested in the fact that Chase had just moved behind Phoenix and was currently flexing his knuckles .
tr	I	Mr. Byrne got in , Sean and and I watched the vehicle take off .
tr	O	She couldn 't justify her behaviour on that alone .
tr	O	Please find forgiveness in your hearts .
tr	I	What time it was ?
tr	I	With laughter mixed in with the snarls , the army went to work dismantling boat the .
tr	I	Her that instinct led her stubbornly and unerringly to danger and utter chaos .
tr	I	She and laughed did a twirl then went to go sit at the far table .
tr	O	She stopped that train of thought at once , knowing it couldn 't lead anywhere good .
tr	O	You have ten minutes to find a connection with your partner and with your character .
tr	O	She reflected again on the conversation with Nick earlier .
tr	I	- given to civilians and to shoppers vacate the area .
tr	O	Giles didn 't need to remind him of these facts .
tr	I	I glanced at him from the of corner my eye , and he winked at me .
tr	I	She clutched at him and now tried to breathe .
tr	I	Then noticed he something else that was strange .
tr	O	The only things I could hear were his short rasps and groans .
tr	O	They all heard the voice this time .
tr	O	Trouble waited just inside the door .
tr	I	But nose his was still straight and unbroken .
tr	I	What 's on going ?
tr	I	A world without Declan Aldridge not is a world at all !
tr	I	In contemporary American society , the predominant attribute is action , even while large part of it has inertia , because of larger of availability comforts .
tr	O	Her enthusiasm remained untouched by my mood .
tr	I	His widened eyes further still .
tr	I	Thin and cold Kevin 's hand was barely holding hers -- the boy obviously didn 't like idea this .
tr	I	The skulls men of on watch had been smashed by the heavy ice .
tr	O	Fury was still burning in my veins over what she did to me , over how she ruined the life that I knew .
tr	I	The plants are every bit much as alive , interacting with the air around them and responding though more slowly , to the physical world .
tr	O	If the fox was up there near the top , it would only be a matter of time before more of his men would be killed .
tr	I	Miguel pulled a handkerchief from his pocket and held it to his mouth nose and .
tr	O	I wandered off the beaten path to a lit alleyway outside the Coffin Club , where I spotted a hearse parked next to a Dumpster .
tr	I	Things had so gone well .
tr	O	Amber slumped against Gavin and the protective shield around the others returned to just the two of them .
tr	O	Jase sat up and tucked my suicide letter under his thigh .
tr	O	That 's a lot better , all right .
tr	O	Harold : I DON 'T CARE .
tr	O	Faye would certainly recognise the person who had tried to knock her down if it was Johnson or one of his employees .
tr	I	Oh no , this is not so good .
tr	I	Everything the from tone of his voice , to his inflections , to his expressions was perfect .
tr	I	Jerry tucked the handset under his left chin , poked then at the numbers on the phone base with his right index finger .
tr	O	As I continued walking through , I saw a small cluster of students gathered around someone - and heard a familiar and annoying voice .
tr	I	Lara without nodded a word , still aghast at seeing what my real life looked like .
tr	O	I never noticed anything special about him .
tr	O	She couldn 't even remember her last visit to the Pink Poodle .
tr	I	The movie was corny as hell all .
tr	O	In the chaos , I didn 't see if anything hit .
tr	O	Then he walked behind the large water pump as she stood in the doorway .
tr	O	Albert had not bothered to look at the gauge after leaving The Owner .
tr	I	I quickly looked around but couldn 't see else anyone .
tr	O	The brake lights flickered , but the van didn 't move .
tr	O	Her face bore no expression whatsoever .
tr	I	Tears sting my eyes and I glare up at him , ignoring the softening in his expression as he how sees upset I am .
tr	I	Silence was the worst , so I suppose he taking was it all quite well .
tr	O	The girl shook the cage .
tr	I	After sleeping on the ground for almost two weeks , the freshly made was bedding bliss .
tr	O	Now , this is killing me , don 't make it any harder .
tr	I	I couldn 't read at him all .
tr	I	And they 're not much on the mystical elements in people town play up .
tr	I	God knows everyone else witnessing the encounter first between races was .
tr	I	Daddy was offended but still managed to keep his cool ; on outside the .
tr	I	She handed a Hanna scarf , then pushed through the exit door .
tr	O	I raise my eyebrows .
tr	I	She planning was something .
tr	I	Travis didn 't know whom to believe , he but chose to live his days on the side of the optimists .
tr	O	The sex had been ... He struggled for the words to describe the cosmic orgasm that had rocked through him .
tr	I	Her contractions were becoming stronger more and frequent .
tr	I	He must have part been of the Freak Show or something .
tr	I	The girl was unharmed , but Wayne Brockman been had killed during the rescue .
tr	I	He her handed a visitor 's pass , and she was ushered by Lindsay into the cavernous basement containing countless racks of art works .
tr	O	The administrators were bright and perky , fresh from the glow of the summer sun and a few months sans students .
tr	I	Claire wasn 't backing down from the down tossed gauntlet .
tr	I	He over leaned the back of her chair , brushed aside a lock of her hair and whispered something very closely in her ear .
tr	O	He could go someplace and dig a shallow grave .
tr	I	Lily hid frustration her very well .
tr	O	He wanted to discuss some interesting papers he had found so he was coming out to the cabin .
tr	O	He was there the night I finished it .
tr	I	It was his job to deactivate the security system which he easily did by connecting to the console server and from his laptop .
tr	I	Anne couldn 't help but see the smiles happy directed at her and Ben from Ben 's family .
tr	O	What do I have to do Jon ?
tr	I	I climbed into Humvee the , and felt Rhys at my back .
tr	I	The train trip was boring , I although had thought it would be interesting .
tr	I	There seemed to be no correlation them between at all .
tr	I	But don I 't .
tr	O	That just made me sick .
tr	I	I don look 't for glory in death .
tr	O	She remained standing calmly in front of me , hands crossed before her .
tr	I	But Elena heard give herself a wild laugh .
tr	I	Conrad leapt his to feet and began to follow me .
tr	I	Frank and Marlene would rush in take and over .
tr	O	His accent was warm and soft , and for a moment , just a moment , I missed him while he was still sitting there .
tr	I	I was only the one without a clear direction in life .
tr	I	Eventually , the nurse cleared throat her .
tr	O	Mo 's voice faded and stopped as he continued to strum , then fading into the gentle plucking which was accompanied by Lee 's unwavering beat .
tr	O	~ ~ ~ Cael didn 't have many options .
tr	I	We both have hunger issues , but Van also has a hot temper that has nothing to with do her hunger .
tr	I	You to had find your pleasures where you could .
tr	I	More accurately did they add up but refused to add up the way he needed them , in the black instead of the red .
tr	I	Their advance trudged forward caught and up with Coral .
tr	I	His chest rose as if her answer allowed him to draw a deep breath the for first time since he 'd arrived .
tr	O	Lady Elizabeth must have stood often in this very room , perhaps one day hiding the letter before Cameron or a servant came upon her .
tr	I	The fucking pleasure of having her so close to him all after this time .
tr	O	He rose to his feet , walked eagerly over to the table and asked if she would like a game .
tr	I	Franco stood in driveway the .
tr	I	He was sitting on the bench , the one they 'd shared a earlier year .
tr	I	Bull did not like idea the of me going down to the creek alone , but I was able to convince him that I would be OK .
tr	I	She armored her mind against emotion roiling .
tr	O	Her answering smile is relieved .
tr	O	This is a five-star resort .
tr	I	He pulled her into him , and she did she everything could not to pull away .
tr	I	Everyone ; rose everyone bowed .
tr	I	Imogen back looked up at her .
tr	O	He was tall and powerfully built with a strength developed from years of hard work in the mountain .
tr	O	Then another one came out of the vent , and another .
tr	I	I said to TV the .
tr	I	Where he was out there ?
tr	O	She needed love , attention .
tr	I	More , he hated the way it him kept from what he wanted most .
tr	O	She wouldhave to try to help them adjust to the Outside world .
tr	O	They 'd certainly been snatched in daylight and whatever was taking these victims was now grabbing two at a time .
tr	O	She shifted on her feet .
tr	I	He wasn so 't approachable according to one . '
tr	O	Confidence radiated from his fingertips as he presented compelling legal reasons for Mrs. Foy to be banned from testifying against her husband .
tr	O	Why did she feel this way , so worried and strung out ?
tr	I	Instead , all she did was apply a little lip gloss and put her hair up in ponytail a .
tr	O	While he ate , he started to accept that another way out would have to be found .
tr	I	I couldn add 't much more to satisfy his morbid curiosity , so I just told him about the burial and of his bequest .
tr	O	If there are any problems , he will let us know .
tr	O	She wasn 't even a counterfeit bride now .
tr	O	Her mind was filled with thoughts of the Plains .
tr	I	Something among those all hundreds of printed pages .
tr	O	Unfortunately , I had just taken a drink of my coffee , which set off a series of less than ladylike hacks .
tr	I	She was aware of the fact that will there always be a healthy supply of B-School grads aspiring for an investment banking career .
tr	I	Devlin was never far from mind her and she missed him so badly it stung .
tr	O	This was a simple task .
tr	I	That there 's more this in future for me than standing in the shadows while you wallow the rest of your existence away .
tr	O	Memories of Saxon burst free from the box he 'd tried to lock them into .
tr	I	After he that only problem would be running out of fuel .
tr	O	Angry words spilled before she could reel them back .
tr	I	The engine had been modified and ran now with a carburetor .
tr	I	The was blood gone - and I 'd been manicured .
tr	I	The Chief placated him by hiring the Sales VPs brother in ... law security guard .
tr	I	It was like a little beige tunnel , interrupted only the by pay phone mounted on the wall .
tr	I	On most folks , it was almost high chest , but for Gordy it was just below waist level .
tr	I	Grey fumed at this , almost lost for words now himself .
tr	O	A breeze tugged a few escaped strands of hair from my ponytail into my face , and I batted them away .
tr	O	I exclaim and suddenly all of my crankiness diminishes .
tr	I	At least from what the was Queen telling me , the spell I 'd inadvertently let him take hadn 't killed him .
tr	O	But I will guarantee you an income of two million yen over a twelve month period .
tr	I	No one other than Cage had ever done like something that for me .
tr	I	But every time she had that thought , she heard her grandmother voice 's .
tr	O	That left him and Brandy to find Maddie , who was holed up in an office .
tr	I	It would have been a breach that of act to have let Racer use me .
tr	O	Then , he pointed at the airship .
tr	O	I didn 't know Marian had remarried .
tr	O	You don 't want to rub them the wrong way from the very start .
tr	O	They slipped a crate off their cart and opened it quickly before the king .
tr	I	Eddie answered : You have your created worst enemy .
tr	O	Tail , claw , fangs , and flame , you are mine .
tr	O	Grace showed him how to open his arms and legs wide to gain height , and then pull them in to dive toward the floor .
tr	O	The momentum of the fall rolled him to the side of the maintenance road and to the top of the embankment .
tr	O	He stood and walked to the spot on the wall where Jain had hidden the sword .
tr	I	I dropped my bag on the table and walked over to the fridge to get a drink and make a myself sandwich .
tr	I	Only then did I open eyes my .
tr	O	His long fingers slid down , curling into my palm , dwarfing my hand in his much larger one .
tr	O	We could get into big trouble for that .
tr	I	He went as far back as a year and earlier , like Ransom should have guessed knowing Rafe , it involved a woman .
tr	O	I take a step back and look up at Mason .
tr	I	But with more love than she could have ever imagined be would hers .
tr	I	At least if I 'd been dangling by a rope 18m up I 'd wide be awake .
tr	O	I think that , if you tried a battery-powered flashlight , you 'd find that wouldn 't work , either .
tr	I	She almost laughed in their - faces two more unlikely suitors she could not imagine .
tr	O	Bill ignored that , but he continued with his story .
tr	O	We need to call in the specialists .
tr	I	Then laid he into the demons with a skill that was truly frightening .
tr	I	He liked a far power less hungry type of person in his bed .
tr	O	She twirled the ends of her hair around her fingers .
tr	I	I heard the toilet flushing and moved away so she that could come out .
tr	O	The walls were draped in billowing ivory silk , for Christ 's sake , instead of wallpaper .
tr	O	Dawn had just lighted the ridge top and stained the sky a bloody red .
tr	I	Tanya was the missing link of trio our .
tr	I	It rang again , I so hit the ignore button .
tr	I	A dull rippled ache through her .
tr	O	I gave him another tight squeeze , kissed Mom , then joined Eirik .
tr	O	His will stood as strong as his broad chest , and once he had set his sails to the wind , he never turned back .
tr	I	Encouragement might have softened him at time tip .
tr	O	I needed to go back to before Max 's changes and warn her .
tr	I	What I if was to tell you I was half Indian ?
tr	O	I guess that sums up my life , when you come right down to it .
tr	I	I 've Shane been August .
tr	O	She didn 't have the decency , or the courtesy , to let him know he has a son !
tr	O	Couldn 't he see it was tearing her apart just being in the same room with him and knowing they could never have a future together ?
tr	I	That my is solemn vow .
tr	O	But of course she was Mona .
tr	I	She was ten times smarter than I was and she probably would have known to what do here seconds ago .
tr	I	She also being remembered caught a time or two by the formidable Mrs. Hill .
tr	O	The young couple in the far corner finally got up and walked , hand in hand , past Gus and Philip .
tr	I	What doorknobs for are ? '
tr	I	Iona a drew long breath .
tr	O	A few minutes later , she pleaded a headache and asked Arnie to take her home .
tr	I	I want to run by the Dickerson site and make sure we are on track the with repairs .
tr	O	Can I get you something ?
tr	I	He was enthralled by her toned long legs .
tr	I	A sedative ; thought he .
tr	I	She 'd been certain it could never impact her again , not after so many years of hearing her throw father it around like sparkly confetti .
tr	I	The sharp silhouette was a visible reminder the of land 's violent past .
tr	O	Yeah , I know .
tr	O	Her voice rose hysterically at the end .
tr	I	I mustered all courage my .
tr	I	That made sense , if he really was guy the from Link 's story .
tr	O	And what on earth is he going to do tonight ?
tr	I	The Guiding Mother looked down for a and moment then looked at Tanya .
tr	O	He walked out of the hall giving his Science project a glance .
tr	O	I hollered , staring at him in horror .
tr	I	She 'd hurt for long so that she 'd nearly forgotten how to experience joy .
tr	I	Ten minutes later , I climbed the wide steps to 's Lucian beach house and slid the note through the crack under his door .
tr	O	Red blazed from them , intense as the flames within the hearth .
tr	I	She retraced path her until she arrived back at the spot where the deer trail ended at the stream .
tr	O	I stood then , pulling her up to stand close before me .
tr	O	Their tents were laid out orderly surrounding the centre of the camp and there was a fire where the warriors sat , ate and conversed without words .
tr	I	It was one of the young men who uncovered it among his grandmother possessions 's when the grandmother died .
tr	I	I have should taken the nosebleed more seriously .
tr	I	Amber Paulette believed was merely feeling sorry for herself in that moment .
tr	O	We set him up delivering our old truck , just to give him something to do .
tr	I	He stood at his bedroom window , shut blinds .
tr	O	The bikers were tearing up the town and terrorizing all the locals as they continued to look for whoever stole the helmets .
tr	I	But then , that was a sensation I 'd lived with half my life , thanks to Blake and damn his family .
tr	O	Shelby and Martin are longtime friends .
tr	O	It 's quicker to wrap my feet .
tr	O	Tick quickly sat down , as did Paul and Sofia .
tr	I	How did I know whether she really saw invisible things or spoke madness in ?
tr	O	' Please , peacefully gather up your family and your things .
tr	O	A spot hit the windscreen then another .
tr	O	And worse - no recollection of what had happened in this room .
tr	O	Izzy places the teacup on the table .
tr	I	He no had idea what to say .
tr	O	You had to have the awareness to quit when you 'd hit a dead end .
tr	O	The dead Reaper boy lay in the same position as before , although now two Protectorate guards wearing gray robes were standing over him .
tr	O	The date of its launch is slowly crawling closer .
tr	O	Albert is a college dropout .
tr	O	I glanced at Owen and he hid a smile at my startle .
tr	O	Dante had seen Roman on a beach when we rescued Jerome from the summoning .
tr	O	Sitting down with his family for the first time in several weeks , tears unexpectedly come to his eyes .
tr	I	Interesting enough , my hands and arms away faded and I realized that I was , indeed , invisible .
tr	O	He reaches over and grabs my water bottle out of my left hand , brushing his hand against my stomach in the process .
tr	I	There was no way he was going to let me him talk out of that .
tr	I	His lean figure disappeared up the corridor as and Rollie Day emerged from the lab .
tr	O	Then he and Toth went on down the ridge .
tr	O	The green horned demons are working the mine we must pass through .
tr	I	I 'm panting practically .
tr	I	A thought had just come to me might that not have come to my champion .
tr	I	I could feel the energy building up inside and me the light filled the air .
tr	O	My reality spun out of control .
tr	I	After putting my gloves on , I slip my helmet over my head and look over at the boys to them see doing the same .
tr	O	Worse was the brothel across the street , but I would not dare gaze upon that house , especially not on a Sunday .
tr	I	Another reminder of I what 'd done .
tr	I	The smell of burning assaulted rubber my nose .
tr	O	He 'd just vanished .
tr	I	A few too many coincidences for events be to random .
tr	I	Clare fell naturally into the woman 's arms , they and embraced lovingly .
tr	O	The noise of the television was at first deafening .
tr	O	Parker drained the glass of beer he was holding .
tr	I	Jonathan , I really need you to that know it is not you .
tr	I	She leaned forward touched and their shoulders .
tr	I	And yet even that word carries too much the weight of gravity for state the in which I found myself completely at ease .
tr	O	At least Col understands .
tr	O	Arik kicked at his brother 's foot before he turned his attention back to Geary .
tr	O	He stroked my face , my throat .
tr	I	She reached the across table , her hand on top of mine .
tr	O	' Er ... no . '
tr	O	Cheyenne tilted her head ; her mouth twisted to the side .
tr	O	The cards in Romulus ' fortune gnawed at his mind .
tr	O	Nervous excitement filled her voice as she lifted her hands , her fingers hovering at the edges of the blindfold .
tr	I	How could the monster of her nightmares have come to life the in body of a gorgeous man ?
tr	O	She stuck the phone back into her clutch and looked at the others .
tr	O	But this is also a moment of reflection .
tr	O	Alex doesn 't follow me , and I don 't expect him to .
tr	I	Those are certainly the I reasons 'm going .
tr	O	Her chest grew heavy .
tr	O	He shook his head and Zeus stared at the emperor .
tr	O	Seeking the Word is your sole chance for survival .
tr	O	Not in a million years .
tr	I	It me caught off guard .
tr	I	the bald Flare one introduced as Patches asked .
tr	I	Thank goodness free for consultations !
tr	O	' I have to go inside , ' Michael ventured after a pause of some duration .
tr	I	Come forth me to !
tr	I	And yet , Attis had just admitted to his part in the plot , in front of the most Citizens powerful of the Realm .
tr	I	It was a 's woman voice .
tr	O	Turning on the lights at night , pulling down the shades .
tr	I	It wasn 't just another at night the Gallagher Academy .
tr	O	They were looking at each other in a way that was familiar to Simon .
tr	I	First , guess I I better give you the run down of how things work around here .
tr	I	Tabitha raised eyebrow an at him .
tr	O	He peeked inside to see her rubbing her shin , grinning in frustration .
tr	I	' My dear , ' said she smoothly .
tr	O	' I didn 't trick you .
tr	O	He liked all four of the council members .
tr	I	I that understood now .
tr	O	There 's plenty of condensation on the walls and domed roof , and the soil is certainly absorbing its fair share .
tr	I	Willing herself to be calm , she began to twist her hands back and forth in an effort to loosen the ropes that her bound wrists .
tr	I	I took a deep and breath tried in a calm manner to explain myself .
tr	O	The announcement was scheduled to come out an hour before hand .
tr	O	Maybe something of Pris 's because I 'd never seen her wear it before .
tr	O	He placed it on the bedside table .
tr	I	Feeding her was to going be a task , but I couldn 't just let her starve .
tr	O	Just listen to the music , man .
tr	O	I clutched at Juliet and stopped breathing .
tr	I	Shane 's was tug hard and I couldn 't help but go along with it .
tr	I	' I am fucked completely ! '
tr	I	As he scurried away , Rourke let out a of bellow laughter in a delicious deep bass and I slapped him on the shoulder , giggling myself .
tr	O	Unaware that she could so easily stir his desire , Jenny trailed her fingers down the flat planes of his hard stomach .
tr	O	Talk to him about what actually happened , that is .
tr	O	His breath thickened as his eyes darted , a crease deep enough in his brow to give him a headache .
tr	O	The door bucks as Logan and Gage frantically scream my name .
tr	I	He hung up and looked in direction her .
tr	O	Gods , he felt so good .
tr	O	Just the idea of shopping all day made me need a power nap .
tr	I	Young men always think that they the 're ones who make these decisions , but they tend to overlook certain realities in these matters .
tr	O	But he also respected and virtually worshipped her .
tr	I	My sinks heart just a little .
tr	I	' Is that what you doing call what you want to do ?
tr	I	He hadn heard 't me .
tr	O	The blonde doesn 't even know what hit her .
tr	O	I glance at Ashley and then back at the sand .
tr	I	If you do not go I then will call the state patrol and have them drag you out .
tr	I	All men three turned to look at her .
tr	I	A way to in stay the moment , rolling it over and over in their heads .
tr	O	A knot grew in his stomach as he thought about it .
tr	I	There 's all that driftwood along the upper edge of beach the .
tr	O	He shoved it down with zero remorse .
tr	O	Isabelle returned her attention to the soup .
tr	I	His jaw dropped fast so he came up sputtering sea water .
tr	I	I 'm sorry I sorry 'm I 'm sorry .
tr	I	You think revenge will your ease pain ?
tr	I	They found Phil 's body in a crimson puddle a with tiger shark tooth embedded in one eye and another in his cheek .
tr	I	Just the touch of her fingers was a to miracle him .
tr	I	It moved easily quite .
tr	O	The knock at the door came again .
tr	I	a scholarly responded voice from the blackness .
tr	O	Already you have all made important decisions that have brought you together .
tr	O	They insist on slaughtering the goose so they may reward him with a feast fit for a hero of the realm .
tr	I	All of the blood drained my from face .
tr	I	Besides which , real estate a was good solid investment . '
tr	I	We even had cleaning contests where the one whose ducks had the most shot inside had to clean the other one 's game next the time .
tr	I	It 's the just four of us in Tilly 's class now , what with Willy gone off .
tr	I	It were the truth , think I .
tr	O	Lindy stared at it helplessly , unable to move .
tr	O	He knows everything they learn out on the streets .
tr	O	Again , Genevieve got her way , annoying both me and Cora .
tr	O	Suzy was hoping they knew a series of elaborate death pinches .
tr	O	But I 'm going to come back and tell you everything .
tr	I	It looked like last at he would hear a kind word from someone !
tr	O	Perhaps all she needed was a bit more sleep .
tr	I	I was sitting there staring at the rune when sharp a knock sounded on the front door , followed by a key turning in the lock .
tr	I	I gave her update the on Vector but she didn 't seem interested .
tr	O	Some of the other boys snickered .
tr	I	Ashley slid into the backseat of the Suburban , the driver closing the after door her while she settled into the decadently soft leather .
tr	I	The need to do that was painful almost , and she didn 't know what was making her feel that way .
tr	I	She suddenly realized that everyone in the room was her watching .
tr	O	Antonietta tried desperately to follow her cousin 's thinking and at the same time control the volume of her hearing .
tr	I	He lifted head his and gazed directly into her eyes .
tr	O	You could feel there was some sort of emotional link between the way things were with him and the way they were for me .
tr	I	' I thought you were going die to , ' she replied , in a whisper , before she had time to think .
tr	I	I 've there been .
tr	I	They had made it to the of end the forest .
tr	O	Claire was in her last week of school and looking forward to the summer break .
tr	O	One that he was no longer part of .
tr	I	His eyes glinted suddenly with amusement , and he leaned back against the window frame , crossing his arms over his chest .
tr	I	She a gave soft hiss of disgust .
tr	O	Veins popped out , etching over his face like inky snakes .
tr	I	I watched her with interest , having never seen her stall for time to think .
tr	I	That the 's answer .
tr	O	Jack strolls up to the table where Ashley sits .
tr	I	And I won die 't .
tr	I	But God , it wasn like 't he and Savannah were in a relationship .
tr	I	The front has page a short mention of the trial , but at least it 's small and below the fold .
tr	O	Only that regular breathing and the pounding footsteps that told Ted all he needed to know .
tr	O	A misstep was simply rolled into an improvisational moment that would seamlessly weave back to the plot 's unfolding .
tr	I	The question whether the natures they offer or withhold are , at moment that , nice or nasty ones , is of secondary importance .
tr	O	In the candlelight her skin would glow with the pale luster of fine porcelain .
tr	O	She 'd picked up the little girl and dropped her off four hours later , with only a minimal exchange of words with Bruce .
tr	I	Emerson couldn 't believe how much wanted he this woman .
tr	O	He had dark hair under a battered brown cowboy hat that bore no brand name or markings she could detect .
tr	O	Prudence nodded politely , as did Alexia and Ivy .
tr	O	Tell me about the relationship that was the most serious . '
tr	O	Would the people take it on faith that a new Governor would be struggling to do what was best ?
tr	I	She 'd needed him , quite simply , more she than 'd needed breath right then .
tr	O	I cannot exist without you , little red hair .
tr	O	I 've found me .
tr	O	The crotch of the skinny man 's dress pants was soaked .
tr	O	Once , she told him she heard that the two Americans had left , along with everyone else , to go to Dublin .
tr	I	The room had been tossed , and some frisky witch had spray painted a big red pentagram on one of walls the .
tr	O	Even her grandparents were dancing !
tr	I	She could hardly bear to her take eyes off her mother .
tr	I	However , it was becoming that evident she was having a hard job in hiding her disappointment in what had just been said .
tr	I	They left , the clamping door shut .
tr	I	he hadn 't mentioned to it her .
tr	I	' I had wireless no .
tr	O	I could do nothing for him .
tr	O	He had been eager to be on a battlefield again , it had been too long since he had killed someone or something .
tr	O	If he turned her down , she would - Do what ?
tr	O	You guys get to do it .
tr	O	The group rushed past a gateway that ended one section of the passage .
tr	I	And he just staring kept down at me .
tr	O	Silent streets , cafes full of dusty skeletons ?
tr	O	His answering smile was positively wicked .
tr	I	There no was point .
tr	I	The ground floor was kind of and dreary also had additional prison cells .
tr	O	He 'd just mentioned her best friend , hadn 't he ?
tr	O	Someone who might have a few skeletons in his closet .
tr	I	No one really made anything apart new from the interactives where you could change the plot as you went along .
tr	I	I only survived because I hadn 't been dead long enough to matter .
tr	O	So here are some things to consider financially whenever a guy pressures you to have sex .
tr	O	' So how long do we have you ? '
tr	I	The truth is all there Christian ; truth the is staring out at you when you brush your teeth .
tr	O	He handed him the beer .
tr	O	The legend is figurative and the snail doesn 't turn into an actual princess , but with the right magic , it will reveal hidden things .
tr	O	His small white face shone with sweat , and Helena felt he should spend more time in the sun .
tr	O	The vampire is a male of our race who has chosen the madness of false power over the rules of our people .
tr	I	Season tickets had sales topped thirty-five thousand , a record .
tr	I	A thought on dawned her and she ran with it .
tr	I	Lena been had frantic about something .
tr	I	If he could yank from it side to side , or up and down , at least he could deflect its aim .
tr	O	Jane turned to John and rolled her eyes .
tr	O	She didn 't like the image it created , or how foolish it implied she 'd been .
tr	O	Even if I 'd had to pull back from Thayer , pretend I didn 't like him , at least it would be better than this .
tr	I	It 'll fine be .
tr	I	No one would ever , ever care about her any than more they did right now , today .
tr	O	She already knew the captain was .
tr	I	I sat on one of the immense couches , only using edge the of the seat .
tr	I	He could feel her body react to the even blood though not a muscle moved at first .
tr	O	Failing this , he lifted his cap as to acknowledge the appreciation of the imaginary flower crowd .
tr	I	's said he , almost forgetting the fake family name .
tr	O	I called Ben that evening and told him what was happening .
tr	I	He flew out door the and within seconds he sat perched on my roof .
tr	O	She should blame it on her more basic instincts taking over .
tr	I	I asked , relishing Derek how 's face tensed at the statement .
tr	I	Perhaps then he will enjoy a career at my side on and the council .
tr	I	she asked , admiring Maddie 's pink shirt with ballerina frog on that it Logan had bought her .
tr	I	She had felt a greater urgency to get away than before ever .
tr	O	There was no answer .
tr	I	She kept her eyes closed several for moments , letting consciousness sweep through her .
tr	O	I wanted to hear him say it .
tr	I	What surprised him was how much he this enjoyed new way of life he 'd chosen .
tr	O	Suddenly the ghost stopped at the end of the bed and stared at Kylie .
tr	I	In the painting three golden-haired cherub 's heads hovered at level tree .
tr	I	And Uriel keeps every blocking punch and kick that comes his way .
tr	I	Every moment she sat there was an act of courage ; it would have been much so easier to drive away .
tr	O	Hector laughed , then snorted the white powder and leaned back .
tr	I	I 'm glad she 's all better now , but I know what you both through went .
tr	I	I myself don 't even what know this connection is .
tr	I	Then , the Lamia with dirty the clothes saw herself .
tr	O	I wasn 't even certain if I 'd ever seen him cry before .
tr	I	The clash heavy and clink of gold interrupted them .
tr	I	She remembered babbling on at one point about the Riding Hungarian Academy , and the people she had known there .
tr	O	What had once been brown were now as vivid a blue as Marcus 's .
tr	I	Gears started turning in head my .
tr	O	That was better than being stabbed , he supposed .
tr	O	But also she had an envelope full of cash , and I like I said , I really needed the work .
tr	I	We to have get out of here , Gabriel said .
tr	I	She was still defensive , and with the bar nearly empty seemed to have lost her inhibition with respect to reality disclosing .
tr	O	Alex 's eyes are guarded as he sizes up my forthcoming reaction .
tr	O	Even if it meant sacrificing her own .
tr	I	Damn , this girl had me twisted so in knots .
tr	O	He had a thick lock of my dark hair clasped between his index finger and thumb , rubbing the hair between his fingers .
tr	I	The world might he think led the easy life .
tr	I	Marty looked back and forth between and us the cops as if he was deciding what to do .
tr	O	Paul didn 't even know that the town had them in the first place .
tr	O	Alex pounded down the porch steps behind me , two of the seniors at his back .
tr	I	She would Alistair give the time he needed to regain his bearings , but she wouldn 't allow him to slip away from her without a fight .
tr	O	Now they face a decision that could shatter their friendship for ever .
tr	O	Then there was a crash and a flash of flame and smoke .
tr	I	She sweetly smiled again .
tr	I	When Dougal took off his helmet , them giving a good-natured and toothy wolf grin , the lead man shoved his gun into Graham 's face .
tr	I	Releasing her wrist , she came down on his lap and felt his curl arm around her midsection .
tr	O	He smiled and nodded .
tr	O	The Kraken was the ultimate form of deterrence .
tr	I	We could also do some remodeling to the existing house if we need rooms more .
tr	I	Zoe yawned widely , and snuggled down the into pillow more .
tr	O	He bought it outright .
tr	I	Jacob 's voice changed , something in exposed it and raw .
tr	O	I 'm clueless about everything .
tr	I	Mina was upset so that Ana had embarrassed her that she forgot about talking to her grandmother about the fishing trip .
tr	I	He stood with his back a against pillar .
tr	O	The power is exhilarating .
tr	O	A lot of things . .
tr	O	I tore off the section of the calendar with the name and number and stuck it in my pocket , then gestured to Jessie to follow me .
tr	I	We at glared him .
tr	I	Delphic had reputation a , but still .
tr	I	It was his usually way these days , at least with her .
tr	O	The texture of the terrain tells me how ... aggressive my attack needs to be .
tr	I	Kai over looked her shoulder .
tr	I	Roth 't didn respond as he softened his grip and trailed his fingers down my arm .
tr	O	Colt took a couple of steps back as Josie glared at him .
tr	I	There was a taxi rank the outside station .
tr	O	The ship 's moving too fast , he thought .
tr	O	Clary grabbed for the side of the truck bed to steady herself .
tr	O	She slid gracefully into the cushioned chair , swiveled away from the desk , and crossed her legs .
tr	I	Moving to the bed , she sat on the edge the of mattress .
tr	I	We looking 're for number 29 .
tr	I	He hold cannot me .
tr	O	It was purely physical , a yearning for contact like none he had ever felt before .
tr	I	Should he have said anything Harriet to at all ?
tr	I	I hadn 't seen her since she was though released .
tr	O	He knew deep in his old officers ' bones that this could be the point of revelation that any case started with .
tr	O	Turning sideways , he pulled his feet up onto the couch , trying not to step on any part of the kitten .
tr	I	Reporters crowded outside and every couple of minutes arrived flowers from somewhere .
tr	O	On top were four unlit candles set apart in an imaginary square .
tr	O	A round of applause rippled through the audience , along with calls for more drinks .
tr	I	All I could feel was the dull ache in my head and the ache greater in my heart .
tr	I	The bard considered his options though he didn 't many have .
tr	I	He probably wouldn 't sleep well ; none of would them .
tr	O	Why are you sad , Moon Dance ?
tr	I	Miranda and Del said a in unison .
tr	O	But she had helped me , so I was obliged to her , a yoke I found nearly intolerable .
tr	O	The look of possessiveness on Woods 's face as she called him her husband didn 't go unnoticed by anyone .
tr	I	Bastian looked right me at and his voice softened .
tr	O	He had long black hair that he kept pulled back at the nape of his neck .
tr	I	Then heard I it .
tr	O	Aidan swiveled around and found the source immediately .
tr	O	Two hours later the trash was gone , to be replaced by a huge pile of garbage bags at the front doors .
tr	O	Her outgoing twin , Brittany , sat with fiance Emilio Jefferies .
tr	O	Next to the florist was another surprise : a yarn store .
tr	I	I was not concerned by his or size the fact that he was undead .
tr	I	Ed stopping answered at the foot of the bed .
tr	O	She read each one with care , though she didn 't know what most of them were for .
tr	I	The only drawback to having faerie housekeepers is that you can 't tell about people them .
tr	O	' That 'll be something to show his grandchildren - ' ' Will you all please go away ! '
tr	I	In six days reality would be blotted out for him , not by death , a but hideously simple act of disappearance .
tr	O	There was a long minute of silence before he nodded and a piece of paper appeared in his hand .
tr	O	Poseidon had wiped out the Covenant there .
tr	I	He lifted the tarpaulin a fraction mere to scare it away .
tr	O	There was a flash of pain and a bright light .
tr	O	They often displayed photos of missing children , and she didn 't want to be caught unaware .
tr	I	I nod and inhale a deep breath , then we both around turn slowly .
tr	O	But what I was trying to ask is what are we supposed to do now that we 've got the weekend off ? '
tr	I	I swung around face to him .
tr	O	Riley and Gemma went out the window and Cole and I went down the stairs .
tr	O	I drew my cloak of niceness back around me .
tr	O	Thankfully , the beef he had was just with the twins .
tr	O	He carried her inside and went into the living room .
tr	O	The canopy closed around them with a thunk , but the rumbling noise of the engines remained much the same .
tr	O	Dear God , they were about to ... to do it at the table .
tr	O	A place where two forces faced each other with the ferocity and determination continuance of life demanded .
tr	I	Was it blasphemous to pray that he wouldn 't see her for the and attractive kind woman she was ?
tr	O	Roman and I , playing good hosts , smiled and bade each of them farewell .
tr	I	He was also in her mind and it steadied her to face Natalya , did who look so much like herself .
tr	I	He just some needed Infernal blood to add to the mix .
tr	I	She couldn 't the see hollow .
tr	O	They were a darker , more ragged black against the lighter black of the night sky .
tr	I	I called Lamar in LA he and is checking into Brimstone .
tr	O	The guy 's backpack rattled against his canteen of water .
tr	I	Ghana does that to you ; you makes colour conscious even for events .
tr	O	I just argue points back and forth .
tr	O	Threading a weave at the edge of the Gant clan .
tr	O	She spat it out again before darting off in front of me , toward the approaching whales .
tr	I	He found it hard to believe Marcella might have the spread word .
tr	O	I can feel the steady momentum of the lift moving upwards and I try not to think about its destination .
tr	O	He stopped at the landing , holding a silver tray .
tr	I	Lots stuff of that smelled real girly .
tr	O	This beast had saved him .
tr	I	He let my hand go , which was not what 'd I wanted at all .
tr	O	' That also explains why we are in economy class and my assistant is travelling first class .
tr	O	I 'm better than okay .
tr	O	Will kept a firm hold on my chin and drew my face close to his .
tr	I	She accepted that and wondered why Sullivan 't hadn considered it .
tr	I	Lexi a heaved sigh as fatigue settled in .
tr	O	She made the sandwich while Patrick chose a pint of orange juice and a banana .
tr	I	Time passed and the thought of just escape left us .
tr	I	She kissed his earlobes , neck , and then a let gentle kiss linger on his lips .
tr	I	She 's watching me ; strands of stand hair between me and a full view of her face .
tr	I	Mike grinned , but sobered moment a later .
tr	I	Stacy the studied carving .
tr	O	She was drowning , and no one was going to help her .
tr	I	Population pressures and adequate food supplies dominate traffic the .
tr	I	Only the tip was on the planet surface , and that was enclosed in an invisible force field that held atmosphere in and most other out things .
tr	O	The pleasure has built up inside me to such an extent that being unable to let go of it feels painful .
tr	I	At her nod continued he .
tr	O	He sat on Jenson 's back , trapping him against the ground .
tr	O	There 's a lot here .
tr	O	Jules wore these jeans that made her legs look like they went for miles .
tr	O	So far Sean had been a far greater source of information .
tr	I	I 't couldn get comfortable .
tr	O	He begins walking forward again and I 'm the one following him this time .
tr	O	Matt remarked , as he crawled into his sleeping bag .
tr	I	Melanie took his hand and stood up beside Sloane and in his grasp was a firmness and strength that gave her a sudden surge confidence of .
tr	I	You 't can be responsible for everyone .
tr	O	I take my position and then I 'm staring into the red light .
tr	O	dreams at night that William Goldman or Steve Martin will sue him .
tr	I	The dogs softly growled .
tr	I	We wanted you to have a life normal .
tr	O	He had so many cuts on his arms it was hard to tell where one began and another ended .
tr	O	The only people in it seem to be us .
tr	O	Time spent in a dark box , being pulled forth and being beaten repeatedly .
tr	O	He closed his eyes and concentrated on the music .
tr	O	The front door was locked and had a similar bolt at the top .
tr	I	Jewell met McKenzie 's gaze in the mirror and she attempted a smile , but there was no great power enough to accomplish that .
tr	I	Smooth stone him surrounded .
tr	O	Since her only contacts were with Brood 's men , smuggling messages to Mack seemed out of the question .
tr	O	His empty stomach confirmed that fact with a grim tug of hunger .
tr	I	If they 'd asked , that meant he 'd no said .
tr	O	Everyone knows he 's a jolly old fat man who hands out presents to kids ! '
tr	O	The living room 's floor was a mahogany colored wooden floor with matching baseboard and crown moldings .
tr	I	A small , bittersweet smile tugs at corners the of my mouth .
tr	I	Apparently , Presley in was a much more serious mood than Cheyenne had realized .
tr	I	His eyes stared straight into soul my , like he was searching for the missing half of himself .
tr	I	He pulled down shirt his collar , revealing his deformed collar bone .
tr	O	And what time was it ?
tr	O	Ned never saw you .
tr	I	I wanted tell to you , Darling .
tr	O	But he was still too tired to open his eyes fully , too hurt still to care enough to make the effort .
tr	I	Fortunately don we 't have to wait that long .
tr	I	She was still staring at the Boat Dragon in disbelief .
tr	I	While dwelling in a tall tower held certain protections , it felt as inescapable as prison a .
tr	O	He often took so long that his mother wondered if he 'd actually been locked inside .
tr	O	If something didn 't happen down there , and very soon , we were going to have to fight without the aid of the legions .
tr	O	Rearranging his legs , stretching long instead of crossing , Culver gave her question a good amount of consideration .
tr	O	' Thank you kindly for the offer -- and I accept .
tr	O	Markers along the wall indicated the oval field was one hundred and twenty meters long and he guessed it was half as wide as that .
tr	O	Jacobs nodded , trying to maneuver down the narrow logging road and talk too .
tr	I	Her fiance placed arm his around her shoulders .
tr	I	He rubbed his hand the over back of his neck as Dasha burned holes with her eyes .
tr	O	I only just realised however that my feelings for him are much stronger than I thought .
tr	O	Chapter 3 No need to worry about a failed relationship with Mack , because there isn 't going to be any kind of relationship with him .
tr	I	He was so good at hiding his true feelings in that general I supposed I shouldn 't be surprised he could mask abject terror just as easily .
tr	I	So we going 're to .
tr	I	He 't didn need the headache of trying to sort out his feelings for her .
tr	I	All had a of look disturbingly keen intelligence , and they were turned in their seats , staring at us .
tr	I	After they had passed Newark through and the smelly chemical factories , she realized they may get there quicker .
tr	I	It 's I time retired .
tr	I	It 't wasn until they reached her car in the garage that he spoke .
tr	O	How could she ever thank this man , who had been there for her every step of the way ?
tr	O	Then , slowly , it started to slide out from its ring around the earth .
tr	O	Verity leaned forward and began gently to massage his temples .
tr	I	Lizzie told me they called empty us .
tr	I	Otto was traveling on road the and Natalie was working six days a week at a dress shop .
tr	I	The room began spin to .
tr	I	I was worried getting for him .
tr	O	If I lived through this , Van was so going to kill me .
tr	I	With her it was a need - child a was the only thing she needed .
tr	I	But there it was , deep within me the flame had started to again burn .
tr	O	She found a comfortable seat by the fire pit and propped her foot up to ease the throbbing .
tr	O	Cinder kept saying he was sorry , when he was the one who deserved the apologies .
tr	I	She looked at up the darkening sky .
tr	O	As I shut off the water and stacked the dishes in the dishwasher , the mask of confidence I 'd been wearing began to fade .
tr	O	He was a man who rushed into the middle of danger without hesitation .
tr	I	I emptied myself of thought , aware only of the harsh crying voice instructions .
tr	O	The whole door rattled as he pushed down on it .
tr	I	She flopped back in bed , filled with dread and and fear heavy sadness .
tr	O	Finally , he nods and turns to me .
tr	I	Gansey felt wretched asking for this of him .
tr	O	Do hurry up . '
tr	I	She took pity me on and squeezed my hand .
tr	O	They 'll come with the night and take someone else .
tr	O	Virtually every plant and a fair number of the birds and animals are either narcotic , or poisonous , or both .
tr	I	He put it on and walked downstairs in just the t-shirt pants and .
tr	O	I was thinking we should move on soon anyway .
tr	I	Closing his eyes , he leaned back feeling a small of measure peace .
tr	I	The crowd sighed , mix a of pleasure and disappointment .
tr	O	I watch him walk away toward the kitchen .
tr	O	The childhood feelings she 'd had for him rushed forward to embrace the mature ache she knew only he could appease .
tr	I	Although being here with him now , his touch bringing me so much calm , I 'm starting to wonder why I doubted to him begin with .
tr	I	They put the baby to bed and he pulled her to room their and laid her down .
tr	O	She couldn 't believe it .
tr	O	He removed a dusty book , stepped down , and laid it on the table in the center of the room .
tr	I	He wished he was in that making kitchen food , taking it into that snug lounge .
tr	I	She glanced at me , and her lowered hand .
tr	I	Parnell looked down at the open folder he as talked .
tr	I	Tears streamed down her cheeks as a sob loud ripped from her chest , echoing through the quiet yard .
tr	I	I didn want 't the sacrifice to be real and permanent .
tr	O	That involved first pushing aside someone 's arm from around my waist .
tr	I	It was creepy and I didn 't it like at all .
tr	O	I actually felt my skin flushing as I watched him moving fluidly across the field .
tr	O	He shifted his glance back and forth , looking at the other council members .
tr	O	She rushed out of the room and returned seconds later with a newspaper clipping .
tr	O	I 'm a reporter .
tr	I	His bare chest as expanded he filled his lungs .
tr	I	Our minds became one and I didn 't know where I began and ended you .
tr	O	To a great degree , though , Lilith was right .
tr	I	After that , it flatly refused to lower go , and nothing I did mattered .
tr	O	No taste for blood .
tr	O	He hadn 't said in so many words to Will but the obscure image of his vision had been planted in their minds .
tr	I	Had slipped I up somehow ?
tr	I	Things just happen one after other the .
tr	O	The hotel had a beautiful garden patio with an almost surround view of the ocean .
tr	I	I don own 't them at all .
tr	I	Justus his raised coil .
tr	O	She climbed out more slowly as he pulled a bell next to a small door in the wall .
tr	O	He had to try .
tr	O	I realize as I 'm speaking , that it really isn 't that hot at the moment .
tr	O	I couldn 't make out the person inspecting the engine , but I could make out his jeans .
tr	I	Chapter That 2 night , after supper , while the men were dozing on their mats in the courtyard , Philo came .
tr	O	I then look back to view the fight .
tr	O	So that damned woman had been here !
tr	O	I just know it .
tr	I	It probably stems from the fact Dallas 't doesn really have a background to rely upon when coming up with ways to describe their great city .
tr	I	Laila gave me Rowan number 's .
tr	O	He handed her a white teacup filled with lemonade .
tr	I	That Jamie caught 's attention .
tr	I	Her head down , she raced onto the sidewalk and the down street .
tr	O	In the face of that stare , Jenna started to babble .
tr	O	When her dad would bring her to work I would schedule time in the auditorium where there was a small stage .
tr	I	I 'll tell you him decided the best way to help your friends would be to make sure you were on the winning side .
tr	I	The assistant 's voice boomed the through office on speakerphone .
tr	O	And I knew he saw them by the way his eyes darted over my face .
tr	I	So he when turned glazed eyes on her , she knew something was wrong .
tr	O	Something crossed his face that was beyond frightening .
tr	I	Jackson nods hello also , but keeps arm his tight around her waist .
tr	I	Jenny slowly her made way through the sand to the place where Jake and Celeste were sitting .
tr	I	Something hit ground the with a whoosh and loud thud close to Budda .
tr	I	Killer robotic cameras hadn 't been after me at the time , but had I probably pretended it anyway .
tr	I	She followed Old the Ones now .
tr	I	Good thing she never listened to anybody , she thought , and her grabbed keys .
tr	O	That 's the best to hope for right now . '
tr	I	' I 'm just letting you know that you might forget but should anything be amiss we then won 't . '
tr	O	I want to be with you forever .
tr	I	She reprimanded herself , for jumping down throat his .
tr	O	And when he laid her down in the sand , she curled up against him , wanting to feel all of him .
tr	I	She 'd called Cal him and she 'd done it more than once .
tr	I	Her gray-green eyes are turned toward me , and confused anxious .
tr	I	He finally a located small alley way that led to a pathway by the side of the main road .
tr	O	Tick got up and ran around the front of the crashed car and over to the workbench .
tr	O	Mom stands and tightens her apron .
tr	O	Somehow the loss of it made her sadder than even the loss of her own body .
tr	I	She knew little of what the world had been like the before war .
tr	O	She had lived that pain and it had ridden her hard , for months turned to years .
tr	I	Something to good think about .
tr	O	Oh God , he did it again ; suddenly I was hungry for him and not food .
tr	I	He didn 't have time to escape through the window , and he couldn get 't out through the door .
tr	I	I covered my eyes so I wouldn 't be blinded and snickered Luke , with Tyler not far behind him .
tr	O	Nobody had heard from Sara , but they promised to call him if they did .
tr	O	He turned to face me and leaned himself on his own hands .
tr	I	His magic soared and for the first time I realized that he may have real feelings me for .
tr	O	I grinned at him .
tr	O	The yellows and golds in Lucien 's eyes stirred , swirling and twisting around his pupils .
tr	I	said Gideon in furious a whisper .
tr	O	I didn 't want to be a Prime .
tr	I	Of the five who 'd raped her , Tom had been the one only to show any reluctance .
tr	O	It is a more expensive piece of furniture than any of the villagers could afford , I 'm sure .
tr	I	You 'll it fix when you are able to .
tr	I	Immediately , his anxious expression smoothed , and he smiled , another making chunk of ice in Violet evaporate like steam .
tr	I	The hill the overlooked fair .
tr	O	EO # 13 , PCI # 1 , is hereby ratified .
tr	I	I knew he wanted for something our house , but felt that to go buy something would be negligence of his duties .
tr	I	Neptune 's Car is an amazing band local featuring the talented musicianship of Holly Hanson and Steve Hayes .
tr	O	But there simply wasn 't room .
tr	O	She held tightly to his hand , her grip fierce and desperate .
tr	I	I don 't even or blink breathe again until the doors finish swinging , coming to a complete standstill .
tr	O	He scrambled back on the bed , but he wasn 't fast enough .
tr	I	Very well , if you determined are .
tr	I	In the circle , was Devon on the ground .
tr	I	' If you start women chasing twice your age you leave guys like me with nothing . '
tr	O	I want to answer , to defend myself , but I can 't find the words .
tr	O	Everything seems darker and out of focus .
tr	O	They 'll make your body radiate intense cold while you suck on them .
tr	O	She needed to remember that Hugh was practically engaged to an heiress named Lady Ashton .
tr	I	His voice was thick with sleep and he blinked , trying to drag himself back wakefulness to .
tr	I	She 'd done it to protect friend her .
tr	O	She loved American expressions .
tr	O	She had a feeling his knowledge came from experience .
tr	O	The faded red marks that remained were the only sign he 'd ever been hurt , and even those disappeared before her eyes .
tr	I	I for reached the man 's jacket and sniffed it .
tr	O	The barn where I worked all day is on fire .
tr	I	He has rifles slung across his chest , a smaller of sort automatic weapon in his hands .
tr	I	Michael sized earl the up .
tr	O	That camera was ... OLD MAN ( interrupting ) I will give you a quarter .
tr	O	I 'd frowned into the phone , trying to quickly think of a way to rectify the situation .
tr	O	Can 't you just let me go , pretend you didn 't find me ? '
tr	I	My heart protests , reaching out for him discover to it .
tr	I	it said so much break to the ice .
tr	O	But at the last moment , completely against her will the remaining pebbles disintegrated like splinters in an inferno .
tr	I	Frank , still feeling the effects of his surgery , had decided against the leaving carrier .
tr	O	Nick chewed on his lip for a second .
tr	O	Give me the necklaces .
tr	I	I 'm sweating and coughing and woozy but 'm I making my hands keep on spinning .
tr	I	But now here was it , her worst fear realized .
tr	O	Her brow dropped slightly in annoyance .
tr	O	When he didn 't help me out in the least I turned from him and pivoted my feet to the left .
tr	I	They must hotel be rooms .
tr	I	But he couldn have 't left .
tr	O	I surfaced once more with a deep gasp ; my lungs were burning from lack of oxygen .
tr	O	And ... her gaze lowered .
tr	O	His face was full of shadows .
tr	I	She wearing was an oversize nightshirt , and her hair was tangled around her face .
tr	I	And then ran right through a big , blue mailbox like it wasn 't there , catching ball the on the other side .
tr	I	There another was small tap at his door .
tr	O	She stiffened her spine .
tr	I	The were results devastating .
tr	O	She flashed him a grin .
tr	I	She knew he was lying , she and couldn 't even tell that he was .
tr	I	It looked like a tunnel with a light the at end , but I couldn 't figure out what it was supposed to be .
tr	I	Every afternoon Morgan watched the man walk by , and tried to imagine how the man came to black be .
tr	O	The mind reader nodded , and I wondered what he was hearing in Jane 's head .
tr	O	Woods pushed the swing with his feet so I curled mine back behind me and let him do the work .
tr	O	She could hear his surprise , wondered what she was going to do now .
tr	I	Dr. Oliver walks into the hospital room as Gage me and inspect ourselves in a hand held mirror .
tr	O	A wicked grin curved his lips .
tr	I	Deb presses son her .
tr	O	The new monster knocked Tallis into a tree .
tr	O	Iris grabbed Lucas 's arm and pulled him back toward the direction of her neighborhood .
tr	I	Aspen laughed and little tremors went inside off me .
tr	I	I gesture to the still girl standing next to Rian .
tr	I	She apparently doesn 't get down turned much .
tr	O	I 've wanted to be with you for years .
tr	I	I my held breath and closed my eyes .
tr	I	Even after an extended of period time , Jeremy still found the mental prison to be elusive to his efforts to eradicate it .
tr	I	All she knew what was she didn 't have .
tr	I	Hope inside swells me .
tr	I	I quietly exhaled , my muscles relaxing a little Hold ... on .
tr	I	That you don respect 't me ?
tr	I	In its hands it was holding a long something thin .
tr	I	She glanced apprehensively at her mistress , plainly afraid to the confront intruder .
tr	O	He 's trying to figure out who I am and what I 'm doing here .
tr	O	He 'd probably caught her on the rebound .
tr	O	When will you come to help me ?
tr	O	His fight lasted a moment .
tr	O	Thomas and Charles understood .
tr	I	Next to the mirror was a cubicle of made glass and metal .
tr	I	My curiosity getting is the best of me .
tr	O	Then I went to Dad 's office .
tr	I	I hiked myself up one on of the tall stools and powered on a computer .
tr	O	He moved his body to face me .
tr	O	That was the thick blanket of contentment that warmed his toes .
tr	I	Daniel 's gentle snoring finally overcame her anxiety and fell she asleep .
tr	I	The jogger continued his running at his customary pace , but not before noticing the man fat had five cans of lager stationed at his side .
tr	O	His erection pressed against my stomach .
tr	O	Every time she approached the old building that she used to visit when her grandparents worked there , she smiled .
tr	O	Was he trying to hold on to what he had ?
tr	I	As yet , we have seen no sign that he is genuine but we have seen no sign that he a is charlatan either .
tr	O	That meant she had nothing in her hand .
tr	O	Standing there , his back to him , dressed in a long , blue satin robe , was a man .
tr	O	The notion sent a cold chill through me , and I wanted to immediately reject it .
tr	O	A rap sounded at the front door and she went to open it .
tr	O	It felt as if he 'd invaded me , and I wasn 't quite sure I liked the sensation yet .
tr	O	He drew his Beretta and aimed it at his head .
tr	I	Jake back pulled , not willing to open himself up to her .
tr	I	Surgeons give never up .
tr	I	I looked down the at counter top .
tr	O	She pulled it open , paused .
tr	O	Unless there really is a God , and he created them .
tr	O	Then he reached the edge of the territory , and Mara 's trail continued past their scouting region .
tr	I	How did she define herself now that everything she 'd been , and everything she 'd tried , had around collapsed her ?
tr	O	He stood and leaned into the taxi .
tr	O	Through that simple kiss I told her everything I wasn 't able to voice .
tr	O	It was one of the nice features of the location of the house .
tr	I	My dad always to wanted be an actor but could never make it , so he pushed me into it at an early age .
tr	I	She was praised for her cooking , something she never experienced while at the 's Meyer .
tr	I	She was of afraid making a slightest move , not to mention searching for a pack on the floor .
tr	I	It would cost something me -- years of my life probably .
tr	I	The Leviathan may have looked big on water the , but close up , inside a confined space like this , it looked colossal .
tr	I	Her head rears as I if have slapped her .
tr	O	It 's enhancing my rep. Word has gotten out that I 've taken a hostage , and I 'm torturing him for fun during my free time .
tr	I	Maybe the stranger would reveal himself tonight , she thought as cloud the of sleep closed over her .
tr	I	The Sheriff wasn 't when in I arrived , so I sat down and waited .
tr	I	Should I my compel way into not paying for the ride ?
tr	O	She didn 't know me and she didn 't care .
tr	I	But that where is I am headed .
tr	O	The only thing she doesn 't like about this house is all the windows .
tr	O	I stuck out my hand .
tr	I	Her black hair had been pulled into a twist at the nape of her neck ; her long hair flowed from in it curls .
tr	I	Dane at looked her over his shoulder and then sat in the center of the cool light .
tr	O	Isaac clung to her as strong fingers pried him away .
tr	O	He shakes his gray head .
tr	O	I could hear her walking around , probably looking out the windows .
tr	I	He ordered a beer , gazing into the glassy blackness of eyes her .
tr	O	My heart beat out of my chest when he whispered in my ear how hot I looked .
tr	I	Screaming had met been with a mouth full of dust and cobwebs , so she 'd quickly shut her mouth .
tr	O	She thought vampires were monsters , but she had come to Magnus for help .
tr	I	And what 's even great is Winona wrote me note a telling me she 's got a weakness for shy guys like me .
tr	I	Instead , I nod just .
tr	I	Nick at glared her .
tr	O	His skin was warm and smooth .
tr	I	Some floor space cleared was for the sleep mats ; a small fire pit was built from loose rocks .
tr	O	And if I don 't perform , they 'll hurt him .
tr	I	A pressure little on the top .
tr	O	He steeled himself , remembering those moments in the carriage .
tr	O	The bigger table had a crystal shaped like a flame that was reddish yellow lying in a hole in its center .
tr	O	I demanded thrown off by his words .
tr	I	It wasn 't often they carefree had moments anymore .
tr	O	But why didn 't it feel that way ?
tr	O	Their horns were sharpened to deadly points and so were their long-handled axes .
tr	I	The two stared women at one another , their expressions hostile .
tr	O	The gang was gathered around the flagpole ; Susan and Kim were seated on the bricked ledge beside it and David and Jared were playing hacky sack .
tr	O	He knew about her heart problem .
tr	I	It was wrong of to Xavier bring you here .
tr	O	I saw him the night he was murdered , but I had nothing to do with that .
tr	O	Thirty-five pounds seemed like a good starting point .
tr	O	His anger was controlled but his frustration with her naivete rose up to make him roll his eyes .
tr	I	I my kept attention on my bowl when I replied , Thank you , darling .
tr	O	However , the weaving didn 't work ; he only held me tighter .
tr	I	Three steel angles installed were vertically , and screwed into the wall on the inside of the window .
tr	O	I wasn 't part of Taylor 's world then .
tr	I	I believe I will be taking an alternate route time this .
tr	O	' I only had to mention the word threat and he was mine . '
tr	I	Diana turned toward him , close nestling .
tr	O	As we got closer , James always held back .
tr	O	Lorelei Enos was in and out .
tr	I	This a is private beach now .
tr	O	It was about thirty miles northwest of Midway Beach in a coastal forest called Wilder Woods .
tr	I	Gizmo would have been interested even if he hadn 't been drinking a brew of origin unknown , but as they talked , Gizmo found himself hooked .
tr	O	Because I know all we can do is wait until morning .
tr	O	is the best time and the best way .
tr	I	No-one took that old woman seriously , as sun after sun she just hobbled about to trying sell pointless trinkets to the village society .
tr	I	There was nothing I could do and he adamant was about not wanting any help .
tr	O	He 'd given in on so many items and it would cost the company a good deal of money over the next five years .
tr	O	She looked at me like I had two heads .
tr	O	Love for a woman like her is a terrifying thing .
tr	I	Owens and her husband have taken child this under their protection .
tr	O	I should not trust him at all .
tr	I	Any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , or actual is events purely coincidental .
tr	I	She was just finishing up when the Salvation Army for arrived her furniture .
tr	O	Back under the cover of the oak , the boys took up their spades and began to chip away at the ice-cold ground .
tr	I	She is larger than life and just as menacing , towering length the of the wall .
tr	O	High above , the stars glittered like magnificent jewels in the sky .
tr	I	As began they to simmer into a slumber , something woke Zo .
tr	O	Riddick 's head turned ever so slightly .
tr	O	He had built a shell around himself , desperate to protect a fragile heart that had been trampled by the people who should have loved him most .
tr	I	' You 've rejected all the couples that come have to you .
tr	O	One of the empty bags rustled and shifted .
tr	I	But secretly , I was starting to not care so much how about I looked , especially when we were working .
tr	O	Even still , my legs were shaking and I felt instantly numb from the magnitude of the betrayal .
tr	O	I tried my best to act cool and nonchalant , but I knew it was written all over my face .
tr	I	Mary , hope I not .
tr	I	We 're going to adopt baby a .
tr	O	Too much had happened for me to believe it wasn 't him .
tr	O	But she wasn 't in the habit of asking favors .
tr	I	Once that truck is empty , they might have one or two on the base , or they can drain the tanks of all dead the aircraft .
tr	I	The blow landed before Trevor react could .
tr	O	He couldn 't tear his eyes away as she walked .
tr	O	Billie brought his lips to hers and sucked his bottom lip into her mouth .
tr	I	It gave him the necessary courage continue to .
tr	O	Show me a forthright family man and I will show you a man who would do anything to keep his children fed .
tr	I	I pulled one mouthful last and withdrew my fangs .
tr	O	And , of course , the sun was shining brightly and there were some mighty sunbeams .
tr	I	Suddenly feeling alone , she looked back and realized that the of chill the dead had subsided .
tr	I	Jeff made his way topside and walked over the to rain barrel .
tr	I	This one went to the core of his most policies vital .
tr	O	I tugged again and this time he released me .
tr	I	Her eyes an flashed anxious plea . '
tr	O	His finger traced the curve of her cheek .
tr	I	His breath on my sent neck a shiver down my spine .
tr	O	An old woman brushed by him in the marketplace as he wandered from stall to stall , lost in thought .
tr	O	I shook my head surely .
tr	I	Anyway , how did do he that ?
tr	I	A few of the girls from the soccer team called asked and if I wanted to meet up .
tr	I	The refusal let to him get a driver 's license until he was in college .
tr	I	We determine within positions a picture by what we call X and Y axes .
tr	I	Bex , Ryan , Claire Jared and all looked in wonder at my little girl .
tr	I	I had never seen my mother scared so before in my entire life .
tr	O	His eyes are framed with beautiful thick lashes , but there are dark circles beneath them .
tr	I	Every muscle my in body tensed , causing Bambi 's tail to flicker over my spine .
tr	O	Her despair wrapped its arms around her and whispered in her ear .
tr	I	But Maxi would certainly be fun to be with ; she had a spark about her , something intangible yet compelling , even magnetic .
tr	O	Now wasn 't that a kick in the legal briefs ?
tr	I	Number one stopped his sword inch and from his companion 's stomach .
tr	O	I could hear the amusement in her voice at her nickname for Kellan .
tr	I	A shuddering breath his bellowed lungs .
tr	O	I grab a napkin and try to sop up the water on my seat , my body still uncoordinated from adrenaline .
tr	O	You know the rest .
tr	O	Cy released me and looked to Benji .
tr	O	There was humor in her wide grey eyes .
tr	I	He spied Spencer the in back row .
tr	I	They bathed the room in flames , taking cargo their with them .
tr	O	He wondered why in Varda she was telling him this .
tr	I	The radio and crackled spat .
tr	I	Then the darkness returned , and Tavi moved a few steps to side one before freezing again .
tr	I	Because I know when morning comes , there a 's good chance she won 't remember this .
tr	I	Nobody answers me and I hope they how know to fix it .
tr	I	Lea was looking at everything around her , she was looking at the children talking with each other , laughing and with each other .
tr	I	The itself wall was about a foot wide .
tr	O	There was one person in the picture -- a female .
tr	I	That 's a hour six drive from Sydney . '
tr	O	They jogged purposefully towards Bermondsey tube station .
tr	I	Searching in all her old haunts , Paul finally her remembered brother worked for the Forest Service in Challis .
tr	I	With other the hand , Amy pressed two fingers against her left temple .
tr	I	The place was packed within an hour , and I making was my rounds .
tr	I	Instead it looked almost like a small town , a with main road that ran farther than I could see .
tr	I	She needed keep to that in mind .
tr	I	Savanna really had a hard time dealing their with news .
tr	O	Jade 's voice sounded more like the one I knew .
tr	O	My mind is reeling with all of the possibilities .
tr	O	But maybe the trip to Charleston would restore her balance .
tr	I	' But is he going to after be me now ? '
tr	I	He groaned in pain and clenched chest his .
tr	I	Little tugged hands on his leg .
tr	O	He heard her moving around in the tub , so he didn 't dare turn to look at her again .
tr	O	She raised an eyebrow even as she moved toward his outstretched arm .
tr	I	They were supposed be to involved in my treatment .
tr	O	Let 's get some sleep and see how things go in the morning .
tr	O	I lift my hand that is marked with the scar of the original Blood Promise and hold it out to him .
tr	I	It an 's emergency .
tr	I	I 't can even imagine my mother my age .
tr	O	His fingers still played with her ass and she loved it .
tr	I	He a saw deep , dark drop beneath him .
tr	O	Timmy slowly swung around and was met by the cold glare of a wide-awake George .
tr	O	Afraid of the pain , afraid of dying .
tr	O	That would bring immeasurable grief his way .
tr	O	I managed not to grind my teeth as I said it .
tr	O	The look of him trying to figure me out and I was in no mood for a lecture .
tr	I	It the was kindest thing anyone had ever done for her .
tr	I	I contented myself with watching him of out the corner of my eye .
tr	O	the zealot said in a raspy whisper .
tr	O	Madeleine giggled and downed a good portion of her apple martini .
tr	I	A here word , a phrase there , drifted through my consciousness from time to time .
tr	O	For a moment I blamed Cecil for telling me .
tr	I	His words hung in the air , the like swirling dust , obscuring more than they revealed .
tr	I	He sensed something big falling toward and him spun sideways like a dancer .
tr	I	I told him I didn 't know anything about him , but then I explained everything had that happened with Amanda and your brother .
tr	I	But as he placed his hand over her chest , all he could feel the was slow beating of her heart , nothing like what he expected .
tr	I	Quit while going the 's easy .
tr	I	He knew where would this lead .
tr	O	Michael handed him a piece of plywood with the chicks names scratched on it .
tr	I	We 'll set everything back to rights and it will seem as though you 've never been a gone day .
tr	O	By the time I returned home , I just knew .
tr	I	It was a lucky woman who had not just her husband love 's but his approval to do or be anything she wanted .
tr	O	A gust of wind brushed along the flatlands , the miasma of ice and snow cleared if only for a moment .
tr	O	Five minutes later , he closed the file .
tr	I	I yell , my taking mom 's hand , dragging her with me .
tr	I	The small stone building had been much pretty demolished .
tr	O	Kowalski asked , moving closer to the counter while keeping an eye on the Wolf that was in Wolf form .
tr	I	The doors slid open , and together and Benjy I headed into the fourth floor wing .
tr	O	His body lay so still .
tr	O	he murmured after she 'd stopped shuddering .
tr	O	She would have played Pinecone Bowling .
tr	O	Darius turned the radio on and flipped the channel until he hit the vintage station .
tr	O	* * * * * The pain was sudden and almost inconceivably fierce .
tr	I	I the heard soft click as Rafe closed and locked the door .
tr	O	He was trying to kill himself .
tr	O	Another hand shot forward , seizing hold of Marks ' arm in a bone crushing grip before Cassie could let her fist fly .
tr	O	Samuels nodded , still gazing out at the water .
tr	I	There used to be a time when he hid what he looked like his in true form from me .
tr	I	' Yes please , would that be lovely . '
tr	I	He have should left Valkyrie when he had a chance , like I tried to get him to do .
tr	I	She didn 't with bother the restriction of a bra ; she was too tired tonight .
tr	I	That 's I why have to keep saying I 'm younger than I am .
tr	I	' As long as Peter me needs . '
tr	I	His was patience waning .
tr	O	Those who opposed him were the enemy and not fit to walk the same earth .
tr	I	The powerful computer integrated within the helmet allowed to him do a number of handy things .
tr	I	She didn 't love get .
tr	I	He was going kill to her .
tr	I	Angels were created to adore Him , add to to the power of His Glory , but I had chosen to love her .
tr	O	He was getting older ; why wait for a tragic accident to convince him it was time ?
tr	I	It will take thinking in ways don that 't belong inside a box .
tr	I	He decides to back go to the truck and drive south to a convenience store where he sometimes buys gas .
tr	I	Soon all the inside seemed on fire ; the ball was spinning , or lights the within were revolving .
tr	O	I asked if she remembered a Britt Larsen .
tr	O	Never in a million years would Craig have considered him to be a threat to anyone .
tr	I	Faith placed a on hand his shoulder .
tr	I	Derrick wasn 't aware of her plan , distracted as he was by the hole in his chest , as she helped him the along sand .
tr	I	Not after the way horrible I 'd hurt her time and time again .
tr	I	Colton his closed eyes and screamed .
tr	O	He wants to talk to you again on Tuesday .
tr	O	I got on Socks and rode up alongside her .
tr	O	The question must be addressed with equal seriousness .
tr	O	His silky voice was oh so practiced .
tr	I	Don Vito men 's would be coming back to kill him .
tr	O	His body erupted into hers , and the sound of her voice shouting his name was the best thing he 'd ever heard .
tr	O	I heard the longing in his voice , almost as strong as when he spoke about the Garden .
tr	O	Rachel folded her arms and squared her feet .
tr	I	The stayed other hidden behind his back .
tr	I	Now I just felt a detached sort of determination , like I was on a drug powerful that divorced me from all my more ordinary emotions .
tr	O	She continued to stare at him .
tr	O	Cheyenne placed her elbows on her knees and cracked her knuckles .
tr	O	Knowing her , she probably doesn 't even realize the scene she 's causing .
tr	I	It was a almost heady rush just thinking about taking a seat so close to him .
tr	O	I think they get more news that 's not fit to print than the other kind .
tr	O	Positioning Hugo against the bark the maiden stepped back and yawned , the afternoon beverages had induced sleepiness .
tr	O	I gasp as I see faint shadows floating around them and in that instant someone grabs me from behind pulling me back .
tr	I	As they stood and talked with drinks in their hand , he was called away a for moment to talk to a Reporter about Jacque .
tr	O	At the bottom , the churning river could barely be seen ; a broil of foamy white liquid crashing through the rocky river bed .
tr	O	As the sun 's ray shot through it , the light shattered into a small rainbow that splashed against the wall .
tr	O	God , since when did groggy and gorgeous go so well together ?
tr	I	Luke a raised brow .
tr	I	The new name on the mailbox slot by installed him the following day read , Joseph D. Right .
tr	I	I 'd been so wrapped up in all this , I 'd forgotten my about brother .
tr	I	She turning was him inside out .
tr	O	It 's the only other inn in Hapsburg .
tr	O	It was the opposite of what I had thought .
tr	I	His instincts to said be cautious .
tr	I	He ran fingertips down her bare leg , making her again shiver .
tr	O	Much effort went into discrediting the photographs and today there is a UFO culture around this case .
tr	I	Me me , not and just notebook me .
tr	I	* * * Levi found a motorcycle helmet at a garage sale as he passed town through on his way home .
tr	O	But I don 't suppose that 's going to show up on a parchment like this .
tr	I	She sort of accidentally made sound it like I wa ?
tr	O	Tony cocked the gun he held to Allison 's head .
tr	O	Keeping with the theme of walking on the edge of town he crossed by East Maple ( my street ) and kept goin ' .
tr	I	Whatever so-called parent was to supposed be taking care of him deserved a punch in the face .
tr	I	Ask him why he never kept touch in .
tr	I	Tossing his helmet aside , he strode toward the fallen knight and knelt him beside .
tr	I	Some of the didn snakes 't land in the water and coiled on the deck .
tr	I	I the swallowed lump forming in my throat as I felt her grabbing my girth into her hands .
tr	I	And then I drifted down a long into spiral sleep .
tr	O	He was rewarded with a slight tinge to her cheeks on each occasion .
tr	O	I want to forget all the uncertainties growing in my life and make him forget dark closets and tape and belts and his silent prison .
tr	I	That 's cool so .
tr	I	She smiled him at , that mysterious smile that said so many things .
tr	O	A star shot across the sky .
tr	I	I used was to making profiles .
tr	I	I had also believed once it to be impossible .
tr	I	So we came to lie in the backyard , pretending we on 're the grass beach in Oregon again .
tr	O	I walked over to her and looked down at her .
tr	I	When I left the ladies ' parlor , I noticed for first the time how really nice the restaurant was .
tr	I	In my imagination Mr. and Mrs. Falk both have Tommy 's brilliant blue eyes and lovely his lips .
tr	O	Her wings were flapping angrily , stirring the air around her .
tr	O	So Fiona hadn 't been the only one doing a double take .
tr	I	Kiara fiddled her with mobile phone as Jake started the motorcycle .
tr	O	God doesn 't care what religion you follow .
tr	I	I blushed slightly , but then suddenly was I off balance .
tr	O	Tessa demanded , the clockwork angel forgotten for the moment .
tr	O	And I had been wrong .
tr	O	We worked on Christmas decorating at a few key homes and hotels around town , and the Sausalito project kept trucking along .
tr	I	The stag was perfectly still , motionless a statue , but I had visions of it surging up with a roar and lunging at us .
tr	O	She closed the last few steps between them and flattened her palms to his chest .
tr	O	she called , leaning over the edge of the bar .
tr	I	They wanted to take pictures of her on their phones cell to text to their friends .
tr	O	He came back for me .
tr	I	We continued spinning around and cracking jokes at each other until I heard a laugh familiar coming from another dressing room .
tr	I	The fact that he 's suddenly being tender , sweet , only this makes whole thing a million times harder .
tr	O	He had said it took twenty to thirty minutes to do the test , so I had a while .
tr	I	Two lights stop later , Ice tried again .
tr	O	The guy against the lamppost was wearing an expensive brown leather jacket and light-colored slacks .
tr	O	Everything was exactly as she 'd left it that morning .
tr	I	I stand there a little longer , until I feel like he 's done , and then I get ready to talk go to my dad .
tr	O	He must have seen it because he stroked her heated skin with one roughened fingertip .
tr	I	I scanned the room to see Ian if was there , but I didn 't see him .
tr	O	As much as I hated it , I knew you had the ability and the desire and the motivation to be the best in the world .
tr	I	After emptying his gun in the direction 'd they gone , he sank to his knees .
tr	I	His unmistakable oozing charm from every pore while she laughed loudly at whatever he 'd just said .
tr	I	In matter a of moments , it seemed like the entire city was glowing .
tr	I	I wasn 't to going walk straight into his stereotype .
tr	O	When she looked up again her face was rosy with a guilty blush .
tr	I	When he looked back , the two had hunters vanished .
tr	I	Otherwise I would not followed have you .
tr	I	A god large that with that many legends - and a god among mortals no less - yes , it only made sense .
tr	I	Sebastian no had words .
tr	I	It supposed was to be your birthday gift .
tr	I	You couldn 't read forty nearly letters from someone and not get to know them a little .
tr	O	That 's the reason she was always at my house growing up , she ran away from her dad .
tr	O	The green marble floor looked freshly mopped , highlighting the silver stars embedded therein .
tr	O	I could only mouth the words .
tr	I	She clipped out the words as she attached the harness that held Cortana to her back , then slipped the into blade the scabbard .
tr	I	Dave to listened his wife and avoided calling a time-out the entire second half .
tr	I	A small truck pickup pulled up moments later .
tr	I	The waitress shrugs , takes the tip and the leaves pot of coffee on the table .
tr	I	The abrupt wave of deja vu was so strong it nearly woke up me .
tr	O	Kelsey gaped at him , her mouth hanging open .
tr	I	She had run into a group of frat boys once that acted had like they ran the school ... and were still thirteen .
tr	I	Eris ' hand was like piece a of driftwood in a terrible storm and Zook clung to it just as dearly .
tr	I	The heart-wrenching howl , the sight of Derek caught between human and werewolf , chills sent racing down Sheree 's spine .
tr	O	Otherwise , he would 've felt as if he were floating through empty space , making no progress whatsoever .
tr	I	He 's having some problems with impotency , and thought I we 'd try some controversial methods .
tr	I	He told the story in detail , beginning with he what had learned from Harald about North Beach .
tr	O	I then run it through a computer program that I created specifically with travel customization in mind .
tr	O	I am here to help .
tr	I	The Sea of arrived Boston at the Arash home world and Sandy placed the frigate in high orbit .
tr	I	The storm , that blasted storm , he thought as fought he .
tr	O	He touched her long blond hair and smoothed it away where it covered her face .
tr	I	He had to keep it doing .
tr	I	And she 'd put a in call to her career guidance counselor at school to discuss options , and ways for her to finish her student teaching .
tr	O	My brethren ignore the other facts .
tr	O	You want my parents to assume this baby was conceived artificially .
tr	O	Bartholomew 's eyelids were heavy .
tr	I	He gave a her sheepish look as he listened .
tr	I	Stella their shook hands , a surprised smile making her look even more beautiful .
tr	O	This saved me , because I wasn 't ready to pretend our relationship was merely casual .
tr	I	They wouldn even 't let her see her daughter .
tr	I	Most of the crew were now lolling about the deck , unconscious , and most of the whiskey gone was .
tr	O	From somewhere far away , I heard voices and turned to see a woman and a man looking down at me .
tr	O	he asked of the small group .
tr	I	I wondered what kind life of I would really be suitable for .
tr	I	That 's why here is the safest for place me : because they hate the military and the military wanting me dead makes me their ally .
tr	O	Her long hair danced in the night air like it was mocking me for not being able to go after her .
tr	O	Annalise opened her mouth , but the words subsided into a grin .
tr	O	God gave you your break , now leave the man alone .
tr	I	The countess spoke over keys jingling .
tr	I	He 'd broken her oldest kid 's arm , beat and him senseless .
tr	I	The idea of actually getting an answer out of the State was Senator a real treat .
tr	O	I was walking back and forth and trying to reason out my life and what it had become .
tr	I	Ryan : that is chick hot Dario : kill it Ryan : really dude she 's hot .
tr	O	I crumple my face and try to remember but everything is a fog .
tr	O	Meyer took his seat within the courtroom , with Weber sitting next to him .
tr	I	Festivities I never would be a part of .
tr	O	Duncan folded to the eastern side of the camp and brandished his sword to attract attention .
tr	I	He his shook head .
tr	I	And with that calm she finally felt she did her know father .
tr	I	He 'd back gone topside today leaving her confused and wanting to sort out her powerful feelings .
tr	O	He would transform himself for her , because he couldn 't bear the alternative .
tr	O	There , now I won 't be distracted .
tr	I	I tried not to shudder as the cold chill from her struck skin to my very core .
tr	I	She a had right to know what she might be getting into .
tr	I	Ryland 's boots smacked the pavement loudly he as raced across the street and leapt up on top of a parked sedan .
tr	I	And set right in the heart of Feliz Los , itself just north of bustling Hollywood .
tr	O	He climbed down the forward companionway stairs and stepped in the salon .
tr	I	Perhaps that why is it was chosen , I can only guess .
tr	I	You can 't just club the over woman the head and drag her away to your cave .
tr	I	This was not nightmare a .
tr	O	I scrambled to my feet only to have the world shake again , the blast so intense I landed several feet away .
tr	I	Chapter Five screaming The preacher bursts out of the burning house like Satan smashing out of the gates of Hell .
tr	O	The big , beefy men set their litters down and the second Selena 's feet hit the ground , she was surrounded by people .
tr	O	Emma spun her racket in her hand .
tr	I	He realized in that instant that the girl no had plans .
tr	O	My stomach twists uncomfortably at the thought .
tr	O	She put her toy away , got out of bed and padded to her window seat to look out into the dark .
tr	O	I have twice over betrayed everyone who trusted me .
tr	O	He cradled the same golden goblet between his hands .
tr	I	He surveys the as room I gather myself .
tr	O	Aware of every creak in the floorboards , I carry it to the sitting room .
tr	O	I added in a nest egg as a present , and it 's grown into something ... amazing .
tr	I	You have your on work this side , and I am on the other .
tr	O	She looked up fast at the rearview mirror just as her SUV rammed them again .
tr	O	Today isn 't a day to talk about it .
tr	I	On stage and off , the smoke , flash and stun grenade detonations the envelope audience in a blinding fog .
tr	O	Something in your eyes touched me .
tr	I	He 'd have to torment Garrett his about obvious interest in the winsome widow later .
tr	O	His strategies were cut short by Nakamura 's cutting tones .
tr	O	Not their looks or their stupid pity for the scarred girl who hung her heart on a hero .
tr	O	He hoped he was audible enough to be understood around his fangs .
tr	O	Confusion flashed in her bright doe eyes while she worked to comprehend my meaning .
tr	O	This journey will mark a new one for my family as I serve the Great Queen .
tr	I	He the opened briefcase on his lap and took out a manila envelope .
tr	I	Her ribs might be a sore little at first when she gets back to her daily activity , but that 's to be expected .
tr	I	Her sister already was so angry at the world .
tr	I	' Oh , for the excellent transport links , ' said Zeus a with wry glance up at the ceiling . '
tr	I	She walked towards with me a strange smile .
tr	I	Lilith and the painting fell to the with ground dust all around it .
tr	O	Maybe he hadn 't understood .
tr	O	But the police would soon be at her door .
tr	O	He continues with his exceptionally calm inquisition .
tr	I	Tension relaxed its grip on Nadia 's muscles pride and filled her with warmth .
tr	O	She shifted on the bed so that she was sitting up against the headboard .
tr	O	It was a lovely , long neck .
tr	I	He stumbled upon another pile of bodies where a second patrol had been ambushed followed and another set of bloody prints .
tr	O	the Prince called back , cutting down a man who had forced his way forward , but leaving him alive .
tr	O	I know we never knew her .
tr	O	He pulled out the fresh fruit from his pocket .
tr	I	He at looks me and again his face is dark .
tr	I	Fuck , a man could get to used this .
tr	O	And at the edge of the island , a beach with sand so white it hurt the eyes to look at it and the ocean beyond .
tr	I	Patch stood several feet away , leaning against the cupboards the opposite refrigerator .
tr	O	Then he locked it .
tr	I	He slid the zipper slowly down , unhooked the button that held the pants his to hips .
tr	O	He was right , of course .
tr	I	Amy approach 's mesmerized Beth .
tr	O	Families didn 't need to know , but military colleagues would wonder , even in private .
tr	I	I wondered all if kids made friends this quickly , or if this was just unique to Dex and Romy .
tr	O	One of the council members usually stepped in to put an end to the squabbling before things got too out of hand .
tr	I	Another figure , as he stared , was Eddy evidently .
tr	O	Rick was taking us in the direction of the main house .
tr	I	Unless I was ready to stoop shoplifting to .
tr	O	I 'm already too aware of the girl as it is .
tr	I	He downed last the of his wine .
tr	I	It 's the destiny of family your , so there 's not a thing you can do about it .
tr	O	He was so handsome , she thought , but there was danger for her in his beauty .
tr	O	Something wasn 't right about it .
tr	O	It only took 10 years for Armes to tire of him and his manipulations and games .
tr	I	Do you think she 'd name her group something like the Underground Divas , give and out membership cards all over using that name ?
tr	I	The soldier paid him no attention , but back turned to me , his chest heaving with anger .
tr	I	Sex with had them been clinical -- sudden , quick , a bodily function .
tr	O	No one would ever forgive her .
tr	O	That irked him , even though the man was trying to be upfront and gentle about it .
tr	O	He sat in a precarious situation with the various factions of the armies .
tr	O	Tim was walking a few feet ahead , lost in thought .
tr	O	A garage door opens onto a deserted Maryland city street .
tr	O	He now had in his hands limited use of the time machine .
tr	O	Be good to him , won 't you ?
tr	O	She didn 't struggle .
tr	I	Knowing it that was suicide from the start ?
tr	O	With a groan , he released the hold he 'd been keeping and began a steady thrust inside her .
tr	I	Awkward wasn the 't right word .
tr	O	She shook her head to steel herself in order to divulge information she didn 't want to , which I knew demons were loathed to do .
tr	O	Is it selfish for me to want to apologize if he doesn 't want to hear it ?
tr	O	He pulled me into him .
tr	O	This is the one I know .
tr	I	Isaiah me shoots an unsaid warning .
tr	O	I don 't want you to lose your job !
tr	O	Now you 're just another province , part of the kingdom of your conquerors .
tr	I	They gave them all the food and water they could hold , they would need it during long their sleep .
tr	O	Dom must have started his Segway because I heard the familiar hum behind me .
tr	O	( Past ) Sitting at her side he wanted to launch straight into a renewal of their intimacy but he didn 't know how .
tr	I	The scent of the lovely maiden still lingered here , but continued I on to farther pastures , where I hid and waited .
tr	O	I blink , as if I do not understand his question .
tr	O	When Jude sank into the chair by the desk Adam barely acknowledged him .
tr	I	But , short his arms were always going to prevent him from moving forward .
tr	I	I almost her turned down .
tr	I	He was grateful when she lost again consciousness .
tr	I	What I need , he thought , is a good walk brisk in the garden .
tr	O	The hilt had broadened in size while the body of the guns had gotten longer and smoother .
tr	O	Jordan signed the message with an XO .
tr	O	Besides , I noticed that just before the men ran to the door , you dropped the rope and ran from them , with some other men .
tr	I	His team a strung few passes together but they had to deal with Puyol in defence and he wasn 't having any nonsense that day .
tr	I	On nights I worked , he would usually already be ... deeply involved in his date , by time the I trudged upstairs .
tr	O	It usually just gets you banned from whatever property caught you , which they were nice enough not to do .
tr	O	But when Dean was away on a Scout camping trip , a postcard from Dr. Hammersmith breached his careful strategy of reading all the mail .
tr	I	These were designed for efficiency rather than looks as the arms were taken up with a manifold of interchangeable tools the at tip .
tr	O	And while teasing out vulnerability was usually Ali 's specialty , something about this made her feel especially guilty .
tr	I	He decided to wait she until had reached the grassy part of the small clearing .
tr	O	I smile , thinking of Seth and our pancakes endeavor and a little bit of courage surfaces in me .
tr	I	She glances down at my wrists , noting the gloves I have to on cover up the lines on my skin from drinking Cameron 's life .
tr	O	Darcy 's face was expressionless .
tr	O	She grabbed the hatch mechanism and tried to twist it open one more time , but it wouldn 't budge .
tr	O	Dreams and plans for the future were like a mirage to her .
tr	O	The little interest rising in him at times concerning such topics quickly diminished to nought .
tr	O	Perhaps you 've earned a little bit of good fortune .
tr	I	He positioned each arm so that it hung over the side , then shackled my wrists together , like I was the hugging bed .
tr	O	Suddenly , Love felt compelled to look over to his side .
tr	O	The heat in him assailed her , summoning forth a torrent of damp fire between her legs .
tr	O	When his mouth fell on hers , she was ready .
tr	O	I couldn 't be a part of his life .
tr	O	In one motion , the bottom half rotated sideways , then swooped around .
tr	I	She her raised chin , red locks sticking out wildly .
tr	O	He arched a brow .
tr	O	And I didn 't even yell anything insulting .
tr	I	I used to think the archangels were incorruptible , but they 've done a job good of convincing me otherwise .
tr	O	At the same moment something like sheet lightning seemed to hit Hannah , a blinding surge of pure mental energy .
tr	O	The lead Indian jerked his horse backwards and emitted a loud whoop .
tr	O	A male nurse pressed a small injection gun against his left forearm and gave him a shot .
tr	I	He devours the dossier , but shortly after it abruptly ends .
tr	I	So he enjoyed his walk , despite stifling the humidity of the day .
tr	I	There are too many discrepancies , many too problems and contradictions .
tr	O	Connor silently waited for them to reach their quarters for the night and Andre tried to look for people on every floor they passed .
tr	I	He vaulted into his saddle from a start standing , and his horse was running before he was even settled .
tr	I	From what he could recall , most of the folks living there were bandits thieves and .
tr	O	My skin tingled where he 'd touched me .
tr	O	I sounded like a broken record .
tr	I	What was this 's guy name ?
tr	O	Rose , did David get home ?
tr	O	His words pricked at Charmaine .
tr	O	Some would grab onto a story like this and hold tight .
tr	I	I wanted to put out it there , obstacles be damned .
tr	I	Once they lay scattered on the floor , she made short work removing of her own .
tr	O	he muttered , his tone heavy with sarcasm .
tr	I	If my parents alive were , this wouldn 't even be a consideration .
tr	I	Parties , and friends in the city !
tr	I	The corner of his mouth quirks up into grin a .
tr	O	A sliver of light penetrated the crack in the double doors .
tr	O	He turned and tilted his head , peering under her mane of hair until she met his eyes .
tr	O	He shot her an appreciative glance and she really saw him for the first time .
tr	I	He and grins I grin back .
tr	I	I need to adjust , 's that all .
tr	O	He looked very handsome .
tr	O	James handed Lux a burlap sack stuffed to the brim with what looked like beef jerky .
tr	I	She always longed for someone to look her at with the admiration that Ivan then held in his eyes .
tr	I	And didn it 't so much as tremble .
tr	I	But for a moment he couldn , t her place .
tr	I	At least can you leave your father behind .
tr	O	And it is Nicole .
tr	I	As Miguel and I are about to go to injured the Elder , a sound makes us stop .
tr	I	Abigail herself pulled together .
tr	I	His hand brushed mine as grabbed he the bag .
tr	O	He swore under his breath when he was finally able to focus his eyes on the only other occupant in the room .
tr	O	The mad gleam was back , and my stomach contracted in fear .
tr	I	I told him we were overnighting package a to him .
tr	O	At last , he returned to bed .
tr	I	No one would care , hell no one would even know that dropped he his quest to find the stupid objects he wanted him to find .
tr	I	The holy grail of all the pharmaceuticals major - to find a genetic based cure .
tr	I	I think I pass may out if she asks me to pull it out of my wallet .
tr	I	Devon rolled eyes her .
tr	I	I took out a pencil and paper and sketched out the front of Alpha the Phi house .
tr	I	And she loved him , and flaws all .
tr	O	She had pale blue eyes , really strange .
tr	I	Anything of a sexual nature is strictly call your .
tr	I	There would be no contest if choice the came down to Kevin or Travis , not even close .
tr	O	All of those things she said to the doctor are quite true .
tr	O	I did , while the old priest listened .
tr	O	He could feel the heat of the flames and he could taste the smoke filling up his lungs .
tr	I	But Jase was a brand-new audience , and the more laughed he , the more Derrick continued .
tr	I	I now see living myself in the attic .
tr	O	The trip had taken three days .
tr	I	' And this all cod Shakespearean stuff . '
tr	O	They don 't deserve the criticism they get .
tr	O	I found myself rooted to the spot .
tr	I	Lacey no had idea if Ty was that man .
tr	I	Her shoulders sank a little as she walked forward and a tossed white rose into the hole , onto her father 's casket .
tr	I	Tears sprung to my eyes , and although I turned away , I knew Liam that still saw them .
tr	I	David pursed his lips and wondered if he ought to interrupt himself start and a different tale .
tr	I	I weakly his took hand .
tr	O	Are you still out there ?
tr	O	I laughed and tried to tug him back down to the couch and managed to get my giggles under control .
tr	I	Henry swirled liquid the in his glass , lost in his thoughts .
tr	I	Alex hops onto the stone table and sits on the edge with legs her dangling off the side .
tr	I	His ice eyes were hard and unwavering as he hard stared at Devon .
tr	I	Sarah looked him at , surprised he said it so flatly .
tr	I	Dillon his nodded agreement .
tr	I	She nodded , not trusting herself speak to .
tr	I	I rolled an at eye Claude .
tr	I	Sometimes it is better not to everything know for sure .
tr	I	She thought she had been slick as silk her in attempt to make contact with Ava .
tr	I	I closed my eyes abruptly turned and my head away , concentrating hard on not listening .
tr	O	It was late morning and she 'd persuaded Autumn to go back to the bunk house and relax while she finished readying the bedrooms for guests .
tr	I	Gretchen studied Daisy , and it struck her that homeless the woman would have viewed the car as more than a simple pleasure ride .
tr	O	It was cold this afternoon for summer , but there were still some beach goers lingering along the water 's edge .
tr	O	I walk to the bedroom and find my wife lying in bed .
tr	O	The name of a certain organization that he was near certain had been responsible for hunting down and killing his father .
tr	I	The sun begun had its slow rise and darkness was lifting .
tr	O	I asked , as I stepped into the big home .
tr	O	She reminded them to pick up their rooms , helped them with their homework , and always prompted them to bring their dishes to the sink .
tr	I	It struck him , seeing them dead , how goblins similar and men truly are .
tr	O	His voice was grim , his touch possessive .
tr	O	Most of it sounded good and she wasn 't picky .
tr	O	He told her about us and she in turn told her people .
tr	O	He cleared his throat .
tr	I	Now he to had do a program with him .
tr	I	I 'll you help escape .
tr	O	A classy outfit for job interviews , she 'd decided , and didn 't care how much it had cost .
tr	O	Another needle was jabbed into his neck .
tr	I	I 'm Amber sending out later for groceries .
tr	O	He looked like a dark angel in an eternal autumn wood .
tr	O	This plan can work ; we don 't have time to make another .
tr	O	Beast 's betrayal at my hand goes much deeper than a secret not shared between childhood friends .
tr	O	It was trying to shut out the voice of reason in my mind .
tr	O	Suddenly Evie felt a hand upon her shoulder and someone turning her around .
tr	O	What of Fitch and his wife ? '
tr	I	Why was he so calm collective and ?
tr	I	I leave out kiss the part .
tr	O	To his relief Adriana returned to the kitchen rescuing him from Judith 's clutches and her husband 's icy stares .
tr	I	Only one person know could .
tr	O	What is this Banking business that 's keeping you so busy about anyways ?
tr	O	He ordered another drink for her and a glass of red wine for himself .
tr	I	He had already weighed himself down with the bag and was about to pick up the left tank over .
tr	O	Marty threw down the whiskey and left the bar .
tr	O	The living room was brightly lit .
tr	I	He sounded a like querulous old man .
tr	I	Her body pressed closer , firmer , his against .
tr	I	Those people that say a hell doesn 't are exist so wrong .
tr	I	That unlikely was as long as there were kids around .
tr	I	He 's meeting investors with .
tr	O	What can a little girl like you offer the world ?
tr	I	He nodded , snatched the dish from towel his brother and tossed it to her .
tr	O	Rose asked , glancing over her shoulder at him .
tr	O	After a full week of living in denial , she couldn 't go one more day without resting her head on his shoulder .
tr	O	What the hell were we thinking ?
tr	I	Until the legendary vampire Randal Vincent into sweeps her life .
tr	O	So , I pull myself together and stand up .
tr	I	The dress slit was to the thigh and one long , slender leg peeked out .
tr	O	Holding back from him hurt like hell .
tr	O	The problem was he had never been to the roof before .
tr	O	When she was here , he called me names but never touched me .
tr	O	A snarl bubbled in Varg 's words .
tr	I	Thankfully Ryder corralled his band and together they went off to make music .
tr	I	I waited for one of the nightly security guards pass to by the hall before I slid open the door .
tr	I	And , stil smiling gently , he shuffled forward and try did to close the door in her face .
tr	O	She said slowly and now it was my turn to have the goofy grin .
tr	I	Would Michael be able to overpower her , even if she did put down knife the ?
tr	O	I watch as Ella rises shakily from her throne , seeming almost drugged .
tr	O	She 'd bet the drooling females wanted a chance to do the same .
tr	O	Her brothers constantly nagged her to buy something newer and cooler , but so far she held firm and ignored their digs .
tr	O	The waiter left heading for the kitchen and she followed his exit with her eyes and frowned .
tr	O	When he turned to put the shovel back , he noticed Lauren standing on the back deck , scowling at him .
tr	O	But she knew she needed sleep , not getting much the night before .
tr	I	Justin 's leg was already starting to swell and he was in a lot of by pain then .
tr	O	Something in the way he was looking at me froze me up and made my stomach do flip-flops , though I couldn 't quite articulate why .
tr	O	His wife whispered something in his ear and both of them laughed as they looked at me .
tr	O	' I like a man with a colourful past . '
tr	I	But was she determined to get over it .
tr	I	Kim 's face lost color , so much so that she almost looked like that ghost Amelie was about talking .
tr	I	He was last heard from when he reached Oakland , we where lost touch .
tr	O	The precision with which the Spacers had bred disease out of their societies was well known .
tr	O	The oxygen mask didn 't muffle his voice much .
tr	O	She unlocked it and prepared to make her daily entries .
tr	O	I 'd forgive him and we 'd try again .
tr	O	' Damn , you 're beautiful , Girly . '
tr	I	She thought of Will pul ing the from pins her hair , and her stomach involuntarily tightened .
tr	I	There wouldn 't be a way to until heal sunrise .
tr	O	Still , she knew she couldn 't lie to him , no matter what it cost her .
tr	O	Simon didn 't comment .
tr	O	This was definitely not the first time he had said this .
tr	O	Kylie 's heartstrings gave her emotions another tug .
tr	O	She couldn 't see her husband .
tr	O	But you seem to be doing that just fine these days .
tr	O	Feelings of helplessness and rage filled his body as he watched Cody groan as the man kick him .
tr	O	There were ladies ' revolvers and vest pocket revolvers and one with a bayonet .
tr	O	It 's all your fault .
tr	I	My blood cold runs .
tr	I	Brimstone wasn here 't .
tr	O	It was a really stormy night and there was this big rig .
tr	O	I am so surprised by this outburst that I do not even think to say anything but the truth .
tr	O	She juts out her chin , letting the hair fall away to expose her bruised and bloodied face in the full light streaming from the bulb above .
tr	O	Abby put her napkin beside her plate .
tr	O	It was as if his greatest pleasure was making me act as someone I wasn 't .
tr	I	If he weren 't too tanned tell to , I think he might be blushing .
tr	I	However , she usually stayed for lessons these and watched her classmates playing basketball or volleyball .
tr	I	He paused , expecting more ovation , but came none .
tr	O	He looked earnest and a tad anxious , the way I imagine I looked when I was dealing with Ada .
tr	O	I couldn 't help but laugh a little .
tr	O	She felt consumed with guilt .
tr	I	He reached out and picked the up letter .
tr	I	' It wasn 't big very , whatever it was . '
tr	O	Her hand slid over his as she played with his fingers .
tr	I	Jennifer accepted the comfort friend her offered .
tr	I	He leaned and over kissed her cheek softly .
tr	O	She couldn 't let another sister end up where she was , on all fours wetting the ground with a stream of fat tears .
tr	O	She stared at him , not sure if there was any safe ground to stand on .
tr	I	Bryce his shook head in solemn disapproval .
tr	I	Goodness bit her into lower lip , afraid she 'd disappointed Gabriel , destroyed his faith in her .
tr	I	I at nodded him .
tr	I	She couldn 't possibly care that much him about .
tr	O	One of Sergio 's assistants stood a few feet away , two large black suitcases full of equipment in his hands .
tr	O	' I don 't think we should wait for Tom 's boy Peter Bramley either .
tr	I	They continued walking side side by with Echo 's hand resting on Shimmer 's withers .
tr	O	And remembered : she 'd lost her leg .
tr	O	She wanted to finish her education and do what she was always meant to do .
tr	O	It had a strap so it could be worn across the body .
tr	I	Plain as I day see that now .
tr	I	He saw boats in bay the and he could even make out cars moving on the Golden Gate Bridge .
tr	O	He thought very little about everything .
tr	O	I lead the way down the hall , away from this part of the house at least .
tr	O	That 's not the problem .
tr	O	He almost smiled at her .
tr	O	He was carrying a small box .
tr	I	His mouth opened slightly and he licked his lips , looked then away .
tr	O	After reviewing your testimony , we 'd like to repay you for your loyalty to the Conglomerate .
tr	O	You both looked tired , go get some sleep .
tr	I	I know better than to fall into one of General 'n Well gone 's traps .
tr	I	The external dive lights played green shadows on the pale kelp , revealing dark small extrusions , bubbles whose purpose remained undiscovered .
tr	I	He needed a clear head to help his president , as otherwise he 'd no be good .
tr	O	He drove right through her tight folds until he was seated deep inside her where he belonged .
tr	O	Dreams are always crushing when they don 't come true .
tr	O	He took the last step , eliminating all but an inch of space between their bodies .
tr	O	Grayson gave me one final ice cold stare that was more than disapproving , It was outright disdain .
tr	I	The willow tree was not exactly as it had been before Marlon 's flames , but it was still a willow and very alive much again .
tr	I	The comes ink later .
tr	O	It stops in the middle of the street , swaying slightly .
tr	I	As swiftly as I could , without extinguishing the feeble flame of the match with the wind of my motion , I advanced the down great hall .
tr	O	It wasn 't only Gustav knowing the location .
tr	O	I stood there , wide-eyed with both amazement and horror .
tr	I	Rashid wasn 't sure who he appease should first .
tr	O	It seemed Janet wasn 't the only one who liked fast cars .
tr	I	Sasha could hear suspicion in 's Vivian voice .
tr	I	He kissed fiercely her , deeply .
tr	O	Claire flipped another page , wrote down memory loss aft .
tr	O	I squeezed his hand once before everything went dark .
tr	I	Kenzie 's slammed voice into me , piercing the maelstrom of drums , chanting , fury and hate .
tr	I	He finally let and go looked at me .
tr	O	Pia hesitated , and then shook her head .
tr	O	She jerked away from his touch and stood .
tr	I	The lifeboat would not be within range jumping in time .
tr	I	Two hours later , Sebastian stood at stone the crevice that led to Lilith 's hideaway .
tr	I	On the contrary , they 're very paid well .
tr	I	Jules catches my attention from other the side of the classroom .
tr	O	Like a soldier ready to dash into enemy fire , Gemma straightened her shoulders , lifted her chin a notch and marched forward , her petticoats snapping .
tr	I	A collective gasp filled room the .
tr	O	But to be there for her .
tr	I	As if I 'd been in a house like this before it and was no big deal .
tr	O	And the roses as well .
tr	I	Entering , I hear the voicing kids their concerns about me being at the cabin .
tr	O	Friday would seem to last forever .
tr	O	She stormed past him with an equal lack of reaction , but he did not leave her mind .
tr	I	He 'd already the felt body armor and knew that blows above the waist would be futile .
tr	I	Her mind seemed at more rest and she was able to sleep well for a few hours .
tr	I	He lifted left his arm and a panel of tan skin fell to the floor .
tr	I	You know exactly what are you getting yourself into .
tr	O	The stone stretched like flesh , glowing as if heated in a blacksmith 's furnace .
tr	I	Vin climbed to knees her .
tr	I	Was that he where came from ?
tr	I	He placed the booze and in fags the rucksack and took the bus back home .
tr	O	' Commander Vimes , I think it would be iniquitous to detain these gentlemen here any longer . '
tr	O	He studied the woman who 'd been a stranger a few short months before .
tr	I	The cynical gray laughing eyes at the world .
tr	I	Skye kept kicking , though , reaching out with each even arm as her teeth began to chatter .
tr	O	Winston was propped on his elbows now , barely able to absorb his sensory impressions .
tr	I	There was some dried blood on the side of her face matted and into her short , brown hair .
tr	I	Losing more money to him , as persuasive as might it have been , was not really an option .
tr	O	I stop at the door and open it , gesturing for her to precede me .
tr	I	With that , he left her in the silence the of gloomy room closing the door just shy of the latch .
tr	O	I could be that girl though .
tr	I	This trip he contemplated a visit to the Vast , the land on the sun rising side of mountains the , where the savage Marauders lived .
tr	O	She was a very , very powerful witch .
tr	I	She lifts the of hem her shirt .
tr	I	My voice , just above whisper a .
tr	O	With his help , I was able to stand , though a bit shakily .
tr	O	Tomorrow morning , an old man with white hair and wearing a white robe is going to come here to the palace .
tr	I	My hands are shivering and twitchy , but I feel more in now control that the worst has passed and I am alone on the roof .
tr	O	Perfect , and so deliciously sweet .
tr	I	She tugged her over T-shirt her belt and hitched Joshua onto her other hip .
tr	I	Actually , she 'd been that denying for some time .
tr	I	Tasha gulped remained but as calm as could be expected .
tr	O	I lived in perfect silence for the monks did not disturb me .
tr	I	Melanie hadn 't clue a what he was talking about until she got home and inserted the card into her computer .
tr	O	Johnson closed the door firmly and refrained from giving in to the impulse to pull the blinds .
tr	I	He took the sigils into hand his .
tr	O	He jerks his head to spear her with a stare so quickly I 'm surprised I don 't hear his neck crack .
tr	O	He cocked his head , sizing me up , and for a moment , I thought he might actually take a swing at me .
tr	I	I couldn 't possibly come out and ask him because the chances of him telling me truth the were possibly zero .
tr	O	Josie dug in one bag and pulled out a pair of black flip flops and handed them to Mark .
tr	O	She was thin enough that I could feel her shoulder blades beneath my fingers .
tr	O	He was as light as a feather on my body , but my lungs stopped pumping air altogether .
tr	I	I got out and walked around to the passenger side , and I opened door the .
tr	I	Your eyes will turn bright blue , and then ... It be 'll too late .
tr	O	He gave her a look .
tr	O	Give us a chance to earn your trust and love .
tr	I	Perhaps I should have chosen something more nutritious , an energy bar , or an apple , but I wanted him have to a treat .
tr	I	We could be for executed listening to her .
tr	O	The electric current pulled him to her .
tr	I	It had been inspiring an day and now he had another brainstorm .
tr	I	She glanced around , wanting to view things from his perspective and see just what was him upsetting .
tr	I	She couldn remember 't .
tr	O	If Marty Phillips was anything , it was resourceful .
tr	I	Not even Dallas had me taken seriously at first .
tr	I	The sweat began to pour Brinker down 's heavyset face .
tr	I	What it is ? '
tr	I	The attack made Payton bend forward , and Lea took the opportunity to follow with a left uppercut to 's Payton chin .
tr	O	The next time you have a friend in need , feed your souls with my favorite bread recipe .
tr	I	If it hadn 't been sweet so , it would have been nauseating .
tr	I	I hoped it would an be acceptable gift for the upcoming event .
tr	I	Rose looked suddenly up .
tr	I	He waded way his through patrons to the far end of the bar .
tr	O	They spent a moment brushing leaves and grass off their backsides .
tr	I	I smiled to myself at the feeling of complete and utter that joy I was experiencing .
tr	O	He drew her to him as his heated laughter filled up all of her empty spaces .
tr	O	They group together and dive toward the victim craft .
tr	O	Knowing that Byron liked to exert his dominance , she waited until he looked up before she spoke .
tr	O	The smell of cigarette smoke filled the air .
tr	O	My father is not living and dying with his team .
tr	O	They looked at the grave again , both reluctant to take the first chunk of sod from the grave .
tr	O	Julian stepped into the trailer and pulled the door closed behind him .
tr	I	Annie 's face darkened and nostrils her flared .
tr	I	Anger is coursing so through wildly his body that he can barely control it .
tr	I	Generally , very few made trick-or-treaters it up to her second-floor apartment .
tr	O	Brennan leaned on his knuckles over Lithgow 's desk .
tr	O	This was a hobby , something I did to pass the time .
tr	I	His mom was never that religious , but she still went to the church town across even after James ' father died .
tr	I	After I drop her off , drive I around until I find the small terminal for private aircraft .
tr	I	You 're lucky it 's not deep and - pampering of Dove .
tr	O	But then he begins to laugh . .
tr	I	His lips upward tug .
tr	O	He had convinced himself that the only way to find out would be to give it a try .
tr	I	He winced in sorrow and pain attempted and to locate his position .
tr	I	She her loves Disney . '
tr	O	The entire restaurant is surrounded .
tr	I	The tiny of field hairs bent gently .
tr	O	There was no sun ; there was no light .
tr	O	The taillight was smashed .
tr	O	She hopped over the back of a small couch , and landed slowly and softly into the plump cushions .
tr	I	She listened a for moment before she walked over so she could get a clear-cut vision of who Rob was .
tr	O	A low chuckle resounded somewhere behind her .
tr	I	But after they found the cancer it became clear that Avery going was to have to work full time to take care of them .
tr	O	The major tilted his head and shrugged .
tr	O	Choosing to ignore it , Grace opened the door to her large walk-in closet .
tr	I	She called his name two more times , louder , and tried to move but found that her right arm was still shackled the to headboard .
tr	I	Eddie goes to the table judges and pays her money and comes back .
tr	I	His set father aside the paper .
tr	O	How did a person fall asleep at a time like this ?
tr	O	I 'll explain more after , but doing this took up most of my energy .
tr	I	I got out and with walked her to the front .
tr	I	The firm also promised another five million to fund full development in anticipation of a sale to a service big platform .
tr	I	I could hear him talking with Bex in the third row of the van , the where two of them sat next to Dr. Steve .
tr	I	She disregarded the idea as as quickly she could .
tr	O	Callum laughed softly , his gaze on me .
tr	O	Who was the dead guy from Regina and what was he doing in the bush behind Luci 's house ?
tr	O	We still have a lot to do .
tr	I	Joshua handed Anna the flashlight and she Sean followed .
tr	I	She looked back at his face and , for the first time , saw I true fear in her eyes .
tr	O	Simon shoved in front of her .
tr	O	He didn 't elaborate , and McKenzie grew even more heated as nerves shot through her .
tr	O	Without another word to us , she quickly left the room .
tr	O	He tilted the bottle and looked at it from every angle .
tr	O	We had grown up together .
tr	O	Drawing a deep breath , Jane forced a calm she didn 't feel .
tr	I	Like father son like .
tr	O	And this was why I hated working for the family .
tr	I	He eyes and soothing the way she spoke calmed him .
tr	O	Mikkel came up beside him .
tr	O	Two , she 'll be considered daft , touched , addled , and many other less kind words will be attributed to her . '
tr	I	But some of the buildings were blackened and others stopped in abrupt , jagged parodies of skyscrapers the they 'd once been .
tr	I	Their started problems last Friday night during a freak electrical storm when several of the town 's electrical substations overloaded .
tr	I	My ass cheeks are squeezing through the in spaces the suspended webbing .
tr	I	Can 't I say didn 't do that .
tr	O	I tried to pull away , but he kept a death grip on my hand while he laughed his ass off .
tr	I	How had Myra managed without guidance the of someone who understood where she came from ?
tr	I	I loved English and the all books I read .
tr	I	Or is that just easier for you to believe , he himself asked .
tr	I	Finally , he smiled at me again , and I my knew life was at an end .
tr	O	Perhaps he never would be able to forgive himself or trust himself .
tr	O	Confused I crumple the note back into my pocket .
tr	I	Mel 's spliced in showed video him at his carpeting store desk .
tr	I	I come from a family that doesn 't believe in patting randomly people on the back .
tr	I	Tell me two about things your family ?
tr	O	Sixty seconds to save the day .
tr	O	He doesn 't risk his own men or his own life for a hostile takeover .
tr	I	Abe and shook Shorty their heads .
tr	I	From the corner of her eye , she could see nod him , but he still didn 't say anything .
tr	O	Course , he knew the storm wasn 't helping anything .
tr	I	she demanded , taking hand my .
tr	I	Evangeline looked as if she was about to argue , but then she just nodded head her .
tr	I	You think 'd I tell you you looked good if you didn 't ?
tr	O	Everything goes back to property , he said .
tr	I	Magnus 's cut voice through Jace 's thoughts .
tr	O	Then her chest and visceral cavity burst .
tr	I	She couldn 't think of why Skyler would reluctant be to talk about it .
tr	O	She tosses something toward me and the unknown object hits my shoulder .
tr	I	Blake had taught her to look at ranks and insignias when he had come from home basic .
tr	I	Gideon had narrowed eyes his suspiciously .
tr	O	When the door opened Kate found herself looking at a stranger .
tr	O	Long ago I would have welcomed the chance to take his life .
tr	I	I seen 've it already .
tr	I	The wasn man 't even pretending to be nice .
tr	O	Strands of his hair stuck out of the mud caking his head .
tr	I	Fully a predator , she lunged for his throat and was tackled from the side , the force of the blow carrying her the across room .
tr	I	The army set out an about hour after sunrise and moved quickly .
tr	I	I held tightly myself together .
tr	O	A guttural growl escaped from the strange creature , and he hissed .
tr	I	I was the one who did the investigation wrote and up the report .
tr	O	His breath exploded out of his lungs .
tr	O	Nate watched for the few seconds the two were connected , with no idea of what he could do to help .
tr	O	Cav listened intently while Wyatt gave him Carrie Granger 's physical description .
tr	O	It turned with ease and the door swung open without a sound .
tr	O	Gregor thought about the roaches in their kitchen at home .
tr	I	Maybe there is reason a your parents gave up on you .
tr	O	Beneath the clever beaks of the crows the bone chains were expertly reassembled .
tr	I	The police in the rear were coming from behind , in shotguns tow .
tr	I	She from shivers the feel of my breath on her neck .
tr	I	He got aside , but before not stopping her fall by holding her left arm .
tr	I	Even in this world , the sharks ' instinct blood for proved to be too much , and their focus shifted from Terry to their fallen comrade .
tr	I	Mack gave a me strange look and then glanced at his watch .
tr	O	She began to awaken and before she even opened her eyes , she smiled .
tr	O	Having Sam Hudson as a father for the child I want so desperately has ' complicated ' written all over it .
tr	O	They did not walk far before encountering two imps , though they quickly defeated the enemies without trouble .
tr	I	He winced with the lack of conviction in his voice and returned to wearing out carpet the .
tr	O	I didn 't care if anyone heard me .
tr	O	Even after she stilled , the desert around her tipped and tilted .
tr	O	You do us an honor by attending the wedding of our daughter .
tr	I	She 't couldn stop it .
tr	O	The puppet has seemed to have cut his own strings , I thought to myself .
tr	O	She must have collapsed back into her half-and-half form , and she was too weak to change back again .
tr	O	I know you can do this , Lorelei , but you must block the vibrations so that she can settle her shield around us .
tr	O	There was nothing to compare this to .
tr	O	That had been nearly two weeks ago .
tr	I	Printer recovered his poise enough to pull himself to feet his and dust his jacket down .
tr	O	But only for others .
tr	O	It was the way he did it , without any hesitation .
tr	I	One where he was and normal these people were the freaks .
tr	O	All the apartments on levels 4 and 6 were now closed , their landings quiet and the interiors dark .
tr	O	Helped her with algebra .
tr	O	Her entire being was pulled towards Damien .
tr	O	They walked out of the marina .
tr	O	That 's all I was thinking .
tr	I	You should come to the next one with Seth , Greyson , me and . '
tr	I	Below them the front lines of the British infantry began form to into their large bristling squares to receive the charge .
tr	I	I didn 't know if she was stuffing still the blanket .
tr	O	Fitch waited until almost one .
tr	I	And you 'll be our doing sound ? '
tr	I	He 's over a hundred and he was still thick enough to think that insulting was her a good idea .
tr	I	You 're the most mother wonderful in the whole world .
tr	O	At that time I was just plotting and scheming the best way to escape .
tr	O	Maybe in some ways I was living a fairytale .
tr	O	Annie McCallum blinked at the screen then glanced at her colleagues sitting around the boardroom table .
tr	O	He could see the image of Mellow waving her finger , advising him not to aggravate Jake on the first day .
tr	O	I had one or two more cups and bowls to wash and I would be done .
tr	I	I not 'm going anywhere .
tr	I	It had something to do with the Tribe 's that magic coursed through my veins .
tr	I	We placed the babies on the changing table and took turns changing nappies their .
tr	O	It was now a beautiful old wooden building comprised of four floors of shops and restaurants .
tr	O	I close my eyes and lean my head against the wall .
tr	I	His hands were joined behind his back , his fingers mysteriously intertwined , the while hoarse creaking of the old floorboards accompanied his footsteps .
tr	O	But Charlie wasn 't harmed .
tr	I	She stands up and crosses her arms over chest her .
tr	O	Gretchen shrugged and shook her head .
tr	O	It was easy to love Jules .
tr	I	Jenna was sitting in the of middle her bed .
tr	O	The waiter arrived with fresh drinks and in the farther room -- by coincidence ?
tr	O	All of them testify to the fact that reality answers to no one .
tr	O	Bex walked casual y across the room , stopping a couple of feet from me .
tr	O	Dina shakes her head .
tr	I	He removed a pipe had that been snapped in two .
tr	I	If Yama heard , he gave indication no .
tr	O	Maria handed him the small glass bottle .
tr	O	He raised his eyebrows .
tr	I	The subs interior turned bright green and Jake almost lost the contents of stomach his .
tr	O	Zoe strode up to the desk and leaned forward .
tr	O	I turned my phone off .
tr	O	She drank her wine in a speculative silence for a time .
tr	I	' It is no than more simple mathematics , your Grace , ' he replied .
tr	O	As she suspected , Cole didn 't come over .
tr	O	I 'll be there with the money .
tr	I	He didn 't know much how more time they had .
tr	I	He lifted head his , that small motion obviously taking a lot out of him .
tr	I	She should have known her was mother desperate , should have done something to prevent it .
tr	O	Gin took a sip .
tr	I	Always seek the offer of supplies , as each is able -- dried fruit , dried if meat they so possess .
tr	O	She pressed her lips together and shook her head .
tr	O	They were longtime friends of Lyssa and her dad .
tr	O	Fumble did , loudly crunching on a bag of Halfling Chow .
tr	I	I gotten 've worse scratches from our rose bushes , honey .
tr	I	Then we can to try track them down .
tr	I	He still no made move .
tr	O	And he hadn 't had any blood in a week .
tr	O	Rhea awoke and looked at us with empty dark stares .
tr	O	I picked out another business suit from the closet and started to dress , on autopilot .
tr	I	The person was getting the into files , sifting around and getting out , almost undetected .
tr	I	DEAD MEN stayed in grave the .
tr	I	This had the of beauty the wine country here , this lovely sunny weather .
tr	I	' I now wish I 'd gone home for Christmas .
tr	I	Her heart was knocking against ribs her .
tr	I	I don 't want to lose you and I 'm willing to out work a compromise .
tr	I	Outside , Elijah debates going the into gift shop .
tr	I	They 're just sedating you so the tube be can removed .
tr	O	She could feel the anger boiling inside her .
tr	I	She imagined demanding that Solstice kneel to her , knowing it couldn 't be in easy her condition .
tr	I	She dropped her to knees and sobbed .
tr	O	I had frozen in fear !
tr	O	Me : I know .
tr	O	It may have appeared that I did not approve , and perhaps according to society I didn 't , but I loved you .
tr	I	What I am to about suggest to you all is likely to lead possibly to our death or a very long time in prison .
tr	I	His tone reflected usual his cocky self .
tr	O	I walked over to a beautifully lit gazebo that sat in the middle of a large flower garden .
tr	O	He then accepted the cup and took a good swig of the hot liquid while he waited for the plate .
tr	I	No words entered mind his .
tr	O	Ben held his head between his hands , doubled over nearly to his knees .
tr	O	He 'd left the door ajar and he pushed it open .
tr	I	I 've been with lot a of guys in my time .
tr	O	It happened to us all .
tr	O	But he would never admit that to anyone .
tr	O	Haven walked around the corner of the administration building and headed toward the cafeteria .
tr	O	We 'll turn this setback into an asset , and I will come away better for facing my fear .
tr	O	I hated how I couldn 't even touch him without him making a big deal about it .
tr	I	And so far it working was .
tr	I	The official story on her mother was that she was in shock over the of death Cassie 's grandmother and too ill to come .
tr	O	The men looked back at the stranger below as he waited patiently for the leaders of the Northland Marauders to consider his request .
tr	O	We have always shared all good things in life .
tr	I	They were pinned and down outgunned .
tr	O	She pounded on the walls of box , which did absolutely nothing .
tr	I	A pause long followed .
tr	I	Riley had a lot of secrets , so I was sure could he lie pretty well , but I didn 't know about Genevieve .
tr	I	For my father and and Mab everyone else in the palace .
tr	O	I wonder if he knows just how much I want this to all be over , that that 's why I don 't run .
tr	I	He had to only find her .
tr	O	Moving stiffly , he brought it back to the sink and unscrewed the lid .
tr	O	Her eyes widened at his misinterpretation of her sincere actions .
tr	O	All she wanted was me to be civil .
tr	O	They were both going in .
tr	I	His hand slid around to cup her breast , filling palm his with her creamy roundness .
tr	O	How do you repay me ?
tr	I	He a ran hand over his face .
tr	I	Her grief had been an icy block of pain pressing her against chest .
tr	O	He looked right at me and his eyes seemed to say , I 'm going to fuck your momma no matter what you say or do .
tr	I	Sneed came back with the transmitter all and their expressions changed .
tr	O	It wasn 't long before my eyes closed and I 'd succumbed to my exhaustion .
tr	I	Rose of Sharon would hate her it for , but the news report made her want a cheeseburger .
tr	O	She felt her cheeks heat up .
tr	I	I can 't try to figure what out went wrong .
tr	I	The first shot slammed into Timmy clustered 's shoulder .
tr	I	Sebastian 's voice emotionless was .
tr	O	CHAPTER TEN He flinched as she dabbed at the cut with a wet washcloth .
tr	I	Why don 't you it try on me ?
tr	O	Then it quickly turned into another gut punch .
tr	I	Lying there in restraints and waiting for something to happen would have driven crazy him had it not been for Jace 's visit .
tr	I	He doesn want 't to talk about New York .
tr	I	Together they massed some hundred and tons more , and descending with ferocity they could not be turned aside .
tr	O	Round kid laughed , then looked past James at something .
tr	O	Sara pulled the string on his sweats , releasing the waistband , then lowered the soft cotton only to discover he wasn 't wearing boxers .
tr	O	With his free hand he reached behind her neck and brought her face to his until their noses were almost touching .
tr	I	With such raw power they could untold do damage .
tr	I	He his wrapped hands around my neck and squeezed .
tr	O	She didn 't remember when he left but sighed , looking up at the ceiling in frustration .
tr	O	He couldn 't very well walk through the mall carrying a maternity dress .
tr	I	Soon , the smoke would overcome us all , leaving with us nothing clean to breathe .
tr	O	It looked like someone 's pet .
tr	I	She them saw also , their ability to meld with shadow lost on her preternatural sight .
tr	I	I him want to kiss me .
tr	I	This time , the died echoes gradually .
tr	O	She took them and laid the burdens of them on her soul .
tr	I	The last name he was called Byron 's .
tr	O	Why can 't we keep things undercover as we already have it ?
tr	O	Edward shrieks in pain .
tr	I	They all their grabbed partners and began gathering in the middle of the foyer , the dance having transformed from a ball into an all-out concert .
tr	O	Sloane sat up higher in bed and groaned , reaching for her head with her hands .
tr	I	I will only state that men the at the watchtower on the edge of the Darkling Wood in the northeast need help .
tr	O	It might be possible to baptize Chinese by the millions and save them from eternal damnation .
tr	I	How she would survive this ?
tr	I	And she had envisioned marrying Kevin and reason the had nothing to do with an unexpected pregnancy and everything to do with love .
tr	O	The Shifters partied by the Morrissey house , the scent of barbecued ribs floating on the breeze .
tr	I	But once said , it perfectly seemed natural .
tr	O	No one 's really interested .
tr	I	If all else failed , he sure was of the square mile that he needed to search .
tr	I	I perked up a little it ; was Jerzy 's team .
tr	O	But I couldn 't summon the energy because my teeth were chattering and my limbs were trembling .
tr	I	Archie leaned his forehead against the pane of glass and his ghost beautiful of a wife did the same .
tr	O	I hear there 's going to be hot dogs and baked beans , just like a beach party at home !
tr	O	She left , and he knew that he would have to tell her tonight that he wasn 't interested .
tr	O	Distracted , so that Nox could steal something of value without any opposition .
tr	I	Emma had being tried nice .
tr	I	' Have arrested me for dry-cleaning ? '
tr	O	Once the date was over , she 'd gone on with her business until the next time they called .
tr	I	I starting 'm to think they had the right idea .
tr	O	The whole kingdom knew .
tr	I	And then he rotated his hips , moving his c * ck easily her through slick lips .
tr	I	Taken by the exhilaration that seemed to catch so plainly in eyes her , I became enticed .
tr	I	Eddies of it dipped and flowed , the ends of Mallory 's hair lifting around her face she like 'd stepped into a strong breeze .
tr	I	Maddy considered answer my for a moment and nodded .
tr	O	The feeling intensified when I heard the door handle turn .
tr	I	Its eyes were as closed it curled down and waited in obedience for its master .
tr	I	Those who don 't in believe magic will never find it .
tr	I	Not his first choice , but the of rest this bird food would wear off in a couple of hours .
tr	I	Maybe even around right the time I was learning it .
tr	O	I guess they could .
tr	I	But for not you .
tr	O	The news anchor then reports about strange objects in the sky .
tr	I	He was an instinctive shooter and never sights used .
tr	O	It had me , and it did not mean to let me go .
tr	O	After his first anxious questions , he settled down to listen with that total concentration that made him such a good executive .
tr	O	On the screen , a narrowing set of crosshairs fixed to the globe .
tr	I	Why did he have pushed Lily up into that nook in the wall ?
tr	I	Hades ' evil laughter rang out in hollow the hall , echoing around them .
tr	I	The never-ending sirens alert wailed endlessly .
tr	I	He should known have better .
tr	O	The window showed the sun rising above the ocean , circled by gulls , casting out the dark night .
tr	I	I might ever not come back .
tr	I	They and stood watched it .
tr	O	Waitress brought their meals over .
tr	O	His touch slowed , and a spasm twitched his tight facial muscles .
tr	O	Her idea of a large house had been six rooms , a wood floor , and a door for each room .
tr	I	I would have hated for her to turned have out to be a false friend .
tr	I	Within a minute they were around first the turn and disappearing into the woods .
tr	O	Before finishing , she pushed past him and out the studio door .
tr	O	Emma wrapped her arms around him .
tr	I	The fuel inside began burn to and the flame rose several centimeters above the rim .
tr	O	Ethan stared down into Theresa 's face , resisting the urge to tell her everything that man had done .
tr	O	the swordsman shouted , banging the table with his fist .
tr	O	I bypassed the living room and went toward the kitchen , hoping it wouldn 't be so damn sunny and cheerful .
tr	I	It was only the one Lynx hadn 't altered .
tr	O	Now Joe B. began to feel creeped out for sure .
tr	O	It was this line that sealed the couple 's trust in the waiter .
tr	I	It was far too .
tr	I	Best of all , the far tale lighter had nicer characters and I had a blast writing and researching the story !
tr	O	He met her eyes full on , warmth and intelligence in his gaze .
tr	O	He did not need to know that no boy had ever shown even the remotest interest in me before .
tr	I	Maybe someday 'd she actually accomplish it .
tr	I	The robe disappeared , leaving her in the lace white .
tr	O	She caught his attitude and while she didn 't completely understand , she could relate .
tr	I	So how does a woman in love react when she finds out that someone 's been to lying her and manipulating her ?
tr	I	He went to ground in the midst of stand a of timber located behind the Fortress .
tr	I	He was so excited everything about in the building .
tr	O	I snuggled back into him more .
tr	I	The heavy moisture was a perfect breeding ground infection for .
tr	O	He yells , placing a hand on each cheek and shaking her head sporadically .
tr	I	The two of us sitting up in bed , somehow in connected something neither of us could understand , something I still cannot explain .
tr	I	It flew like a bullet an in arch , smacked the target head on , and then spun back straight at Zoey .
tr	O	They stared at each other with a smile then burst into laugher and hugged .
tr	I	But I don 't what regret I did .
tr	O	He wanted this woman .
tr	O	She needed to stop seeing Clay , at least until things settled down .
tr	I	Four flights with overnight an bag wasn 't so much .
tr	I	She knew her housekeeper was close the by faint perfume .
tr	I	Jake her took by the arm .
tr	I	She wished she could take a photo , but then heard she an engine rev behind her .
tr	O	The hot baths had warmed him enough that he didn 't even mind the chilly tile under his feet .
tr	I	I my shook head .
tr	I	What did they about say her ?
tr	O	She was a brunette now .
tr	I	Are you sure that be 'll enough to satisfy you ?
tr	O	Inlaid on the top of the stone was a gold snake in the shape of an S. Andy felt sick looking at the bloodied ring .
tr	O	Fuck you , he thought , just fuck you , I ain 't dead !
tr	O	She actually looks happy .
tr	O	If he 'd been able to breathe , he would have groaned at the pure beauty of her .
tr	I	There were Marines 18 on the chopper ; Gunnery Sergeant Howard ( his rank at that time ) was the lone survivor .
tr	I	She followed the ramp to the exit and had just pulled onto the street when Roku slammed onto the hood the of car from above .
tr	O	Levi inclined his head .
tr	I	The only thing remaining was to negotiate price a for his services .
tr	I	She turned , slipped her hand into his pocket , and tugged free it .
tr	O	The I 'll see you soon could be mis taken for a generic farewell .
tr	I	She nods and smiles standing at the podium low .
tr	I	The cabinets empty were .
tr	O	He looks at me and smiles .
tr	I	Alec 's fingers on tightened hers .
tr	O	Fred and Mario apparently were heavy contributors .
tr	I	This world has a little two over months left .
tr	I	She 'd made many American friends at school but had lost touch most with of them when they 'd moved back to the States .
tr	O	' You mean as simple as finding a way to move through time and space ? ' '
tr	O	I straddled him so I could wash his thick hair .
tr	O	When Antonia turned back to her food , she noticed three stunned faces .
tr	O	He glanced at his watch and expelled a long breath .
tr	I	Because of the physical therapists , who 'd been working his muscles daily , he 't wouldn be wheelchair bound when he climbed from the bed .
tr	O	Her words are quick , a warning , as if she 's afraid I 've decided to punch him .
tr	I	They know every of one our weaknesses , our every dream and desire .
tr	I	Once each foundry on goes line , it can just keep building probes .
tr	I	Slightly elevating one foot , she allowed her shoe to slip her off toes .
tr	O	She lifted her head to meet his glittering gaze .
tr	O	He could see that it had been badly hurt , and his heart stopped laboring .
tr	O	The wizards began to gather around the device .
tr	I	I hung and up let out a sigh .
tr	O	His hair was vaguely blonde with thick gray tufts infesting it .
tr	O	My interest was immediately snagged .
tr	I	Nest Egg Publishing Note : This was a of work fiction .
tr	O	Her voice picked up a menacing tone .
tr	I	Rick felt involuntary an shiver run down his spine .
tr	O	As much as Cain wished there had been something he could do , he wasn 't that powerful .
tr	I	His parents would there be , and Woods had warned Grant they would play a video that wouldn 't be easy to get through .
tr	I	She took his hand but yanked he it away .
tr	I	They both knew what he talking was about .
tr	O	New words are added effortlessly , although sometimes painfully for the preservationists .
tr	O	Nate wanted to know .
tr	O	That was another thing Adam liked about her .
tr	I	That was inexcusable and I 've never done that in before my life .
tr	I	I want you wear to them tonight .
tr	I	Her arms to fall her sides .
tr	O	There were smiling faces in this group .
tr	O	Chapter 23 As I neared the boathouse , I thought about reaching for my Stone magic and using it to harden my skin .
tr	O	Nicole also knew immediately it was not you or Jacob .
tr	O	Phelps interrupted my ponderings .
tr	O	Ella Six years old ... I like my next door neighbor Micha a lot .
tr	I	When was he around Rose , she made him feel alive .
tr	O	Connelly thought he was probably still strong , just on the edge of out of shape .
tr	I	This wasn 't going to be good , and it was me making nervous .
tr	I	You 've been a good employee here and I know you would like to do something than more be a golf pro the rest of your life .
tr	I	His hair swung forward so that I couldn 't see what was he doing , but I knew .
tr	I	Maybe answer the was to leave Shanghai at last .
tr	O	the student who had just entered the room called out .
tr	I	Tyler and grunted smiled .
tr	O	I sucked in a breath , I hadn 't actually expected him to do it .
tr	O	For a long moment he simply helped himself to the promise of her , drinking deeply of the nectar that was waiting .
tr	I	He kissed her again , deep gentle and .
tr	I	He looked at me , and I could see his concern for my disposition on outlined his face .
tr	I	They kneeled at the altar , chanting unison in .
tr	I	My mother thought the less I was exposed ... to the demon world the better .
tr	I	' And we been 've learning to write . '
tr	O	She was not sure whether to be amused or annoyed or hurt .
tr	O	Why don 't you serve it yourself ?
tr	I	I shook head my .
tr	I	She gave the woman a rueful smile , then turned moved and toward her father 's office .
tr	O	The driver pulled away from the curb .
tr	O	Caleb was pretty sure he was coming face to face with it now .
tr	O	McKenna 's mouth lifted in a smile just before my lips claimed hers .
tr	O	27 of 32 She races towards him as a comet , as a rocket , as a bullet fired from before the beginnings of all things .
tr	O	The Cortland Ball had brought home for him that he and Allison were from different worlds .
tr	I	He withdrew his wallet and paid the cashier , then carried the to tray a table at the back of the room , near the window .
tr	O	Some reporter , he thought with disgust , and turned at the edge of the pool , beginning yet another lap .
tr	O	I looked to my right as soon as my eyes adjusted to the dim light , intent on asking Hector what we should do next .
tr	O	Mac shook it and so did Leo .
tr	I	She shouts , voice her saturated with fatigue .
tr	O	I placed my hand next to hers and waited .
tr	I	After his reading journal several times , I had memorized the schedule he had the first month he was here .
tr	O	she asked as he gunned the motor and powered through the deep snow on the track .
tr	I	An hour later , I behind stood the counter at Cheesy Dog , lamenting my manicure .
tr	O	If it came to that , he would attack them before he stood by and let them kill his mother and his friend .
tr	I	Why you do ask ?
tr	O	What was she really worried about ?
tr	I	Get in car the and don 't ask any questions .
tr	O	The weight of his body next to me is absent , the scent of him gone from the air .
tr	I	Jake left night Saturday .
tr	I	It took Ms. Rhonda over an hour do to my hair !
tr	O	' Sorry to interrupt , sir , but this just arrived for you , ' he said , and sniffed disapprovingly .
tr	I	The man 's body packed was !
tr	I	The bands on snapped his restraint .
tr	I	He adjusted her again in circle the of his right arm , still holding her tight .
tr	I	Two weeks later , in Nevada , the second was spacecraft ready and packed for the third flight into space four weeks from then .
tr	O	' They 'll send it .
tr	O	But I have to spend all my time in them , because I 'm mortally ill .
tr	O	Whatever it was , the man 's voice alone was enough to get Rollie 's attention .
tr	O	Damien steps back as Zeke and I circle each other .
tr	O	It makes no sense for him to be worried if Marlena is destroyed by David returning .
tr	I	' At once , Empress my . '
tr	O	She reached over and pulled it out and immediately began perusing the brush and trees in the distance .
tr	O	The two continued through the gate and traveled until they reached the forest .
tr	I	I 'll not ask your permission to this do , Gannon .
tr	O	His name was John Corwin and she had chased him for three semesters until she met Paul .
tr	O	he said , speaking quickly , his words tripping over themselves .
tr	I	I snap her at .
tr	O	She turned from him , dismissing him .
tr	I	She brings blood new so they can continue .
tr	O	I get out of bed and creep down the hallway toward Tobias 's room .
tr	O	But Jocelyn was mortal .
tr	O	And why was her skin so pale ?
tr	I	Besides , however dreadful , no warriors could be as terrible as they ruled who this valley .
tr	I	He was torn between the right thing to as do a ranch hand and the way his tribe 's customs governed him to act .
tr	I	He straightened himself to his height full .
tr	I	Eleanor wasn 't too proud to the accept cake , though .
tr	O	Once in a great while , I 'll find him sitting on his porch , smoking his old pipe and kicking his feet up .
tr	I	His eyes slid back Ty to .
tr	O	I never mess around when it comes to dessert .
tr	O	It 's not the same as whoring yourself out .
tr	O	He is looking for my obedience and acknowledgement of His eminence in my life .
tr	I	Adrian the became new attraction .
tr	I	Ethan pulls instantly away .
tr	O	They 'd been trained in it , after all .
tr	O	I slide my index finger underneath a red bracelet .
tr	I	Fiona hopped off the back of the motorcycle like her ass was on and fire marched straight up to the house without looking back .
tr	O	Fowler stared at her .
tr	I	And this is house his .
tr	I	If he didn 't better know , he would 've thought she was dead .
tr	I	She knew that Kevin was immune her to moods , which sometimes made her want to try to get his attention even more .
tr	O	And I want to know what you put in that wine you gave me .
tr	O	Once again , she saw Ren in a different time and place .
tr	O	They were walking beside it .
tr	O	She entered the bathroom and saw that the bathtub was already filled with water and bubble .
tr	O	There were 15 children who were finally coming to and joined in with him .
tr	O	He sounded so like his father that she struggled to keep her face straight and the emotion from showing .
tr	I	And then , he wanted no between secrets them .
tr	O	People had been sympathetic , helpful , but she couldn 't recall anyone being flat-out mad for that ill-treated little girl she 'd been .
tr	I	She couldn 't move far him , just inside , past the door line .
tr	I	Beginning again , it is weak very and won 't remain beating with just my help .
tr	I	She held her left hand out to me , wiggling her fingers I until noticed the solitary diamond engagement ring .
tr	I	He let out a low growl , and shrank I back .
tr	O	I could stop paying you , and you would never even notice .
tr	I	Jones a had state map of Missouri and had drawn with a red marker our route .
tr	O	They got along at no other time as when they were in battle together .
tr	I	Younger than she ... but she refused to about think that .
tr	I	You the 're only other one I know .
tr	I	You a 're good man , Neville .
tr	I	She put arms her about his neck , fluttering her eyelids .
tr	O	He turned the volume up as high as it went and sat at his kit as the song began .
tr	I	Her mom was at quiet first then she asked .
tr	O	I wrinkled my nose at her as I walked to my balcony .
tr	O	He may have finally found some true allies .
tr	I	She had a lot to say , if to only Patty and me .
tr	I	Everyone was worried at this ' accident ' in which he slipped from the rocks trying while to sit on them .
tr	I	That be would fun .
tr	O	Maybe I 'm not completely over the emotional overload from last night .
tr	I	I want you to kiss slowly me .
tr	O	Not just for us but for Isabella and Rebecca .
tr	I	Teddy dangerous was to the rest of us .
tr	O	One of his hands was already at her cheek ; he lifted the other .
tr	I	Of how the sheets hold would his scent - A shadow slid across the bathroom mirror .
tr	O	My face felt like it was on fire because it burned so badly from embarrassment .
tr	I	And this is the odd thing , very the odd thing .
tr	I	She coaxed gently him to release her .
tr	O	And I 'll do that later on tonight .
tr	O	He put one packet down on the counter .
tr	O	Beside it was a sticker with the word Vampires overlaid with a cross bar .
tr	O	He chuckled , apparently amused by her attempt to fight back .
tr	I	He couldn bear 't to let her see what he had done to himself .
tr	I	She sighed and dropped back her to flat feet .
tr	I	Against his judgment better Ransom found himself goaded into argument .
tr	I	Julian smiled little a as he nodded .
tr	I	The was man gone .
tr	I	With I what am going to do , I hope to bring lasting peace to them .
tr	O	That 's why we practiced .
tr	I	The second darted man into view again , gun aimed at the couch .
tr	I	He licks his wounded lip he as rocks into me again .
tr	O	Jordan 's eyes stayed on his fingers .
tr	O	Hayden gazes across the distance .
tr	I	If I didn 't do the homework right then , I would procrastinate until the day was it due .
tr	I	They were walking to another to corner place another flyer on a stoplight pole .
tr	I	I thought you were going steer to clear of this guy .
tr	I	He like hoped hell that hadn 't been her plan .
tr	I	I didn 't what know I wanted to do .
tr	O	I decided to call the large man following me Bob .
tr	O	I 'll do it because you 're my best friend .
tr	I	His sister was setting him with up a child .
tr	O	the air inside Aon Nae 's circle rippled like water , then cleared to show a magnified view of the city .
tr	I	It would only take an hour or so to get there this way compared to a four and a half drive hour .
tr	O	I nearly knocked myself out trying to get it to happen .
tr	O	It was not every day that one 's dwelling was annexed by the Dragon Reborn himself .
tr	I	He the mouthed line to himself over and over , shooting glances over the book .
tr	I	Max 's gaze stayed locked with hers , comforting her silently , eyes his trying to tell her everything would be okay .
tr	I	Each team can waste the time precious or waste the precious kill .
tr	O	Paige was as innocent as a lamb being led to slaughter .
tr	O	He stumbled and lost her hand as he fell to the ground .
tr	I	He waited a while , called then her name again .
tr	I	Sabine gotten had away .
tr	I	she asked , immediately picking up on distress his .
tr	O	Nan and my mother had gone ballistic .
tr	O	I was too stunned to do anything but sit there , my hand limp in his .
tr	I	And don 't you forget have the tattoos on your arm .
tr	O	Just imagine what would happen on their wedding night , when nothing remained to bring her back !
tr	I	And she certainly wouldn 't share with brothers her .
tr	O	He had made one of his artisan salads with dry cranberries and feta cheese .
tr	O	The cafeteria soon starts buzzing again .
tr	I	And , some of knew them of our weaknesses .
tr	I	I scrambled and grabbed the first suit I saw which was a black bikini with one little red heart on the left part triangle of the top .
tr	O	She glanced toward the front door , which she assumed had been left unlocked .
tr	O	I can 't have them stay here and be killed !
tr	I	Very slowly the terrible hardness of his melted arms away and he reluctantly released her so that she could move her head .
tr	O	This was not going to be a good day .
tr	I	The gentleman slammed his fist against the bulkhead , the movement rattling cramped the cabin .
tr	O	I stared at it without reaching out .
tr	O	He was truly concerned .
tr	I	Alec looked at in Magnus amazement .
tr	I	Am I going always to be locked up ?
tr	I	At least nothing she 'd attempted to do here had met with measure any of success .
tr	I	It was one thing to slow down my surroundings , but to be able to use my physical talents on would demand be very helpful .
tr	O	You are a lucky , lucky man .
tr	O	He could forgive the fact that she had left him after Brandon 's death .
tr	O	Feedback is always appreciated , and I love hearing from my readers !
tr	O	He was now eighteen feet from the ground , and the door into the court must be about six feet above street level .
tr	I	Without realising 's she doing it , Tia covers me with the holey blanket we share .
tr	I	Beyond the immediate buildings the were taller downtown blocks .
tr	O	Before she could face the rest of the world , Caroline called Kristy .
tr	O	Like every morning , she had just enough time to run down to the local café and grab a cup of coffee before her client arrived .
tr	I	You mean this really ' as got summit to do the with bloody nags ! '
tr	I	Heinrich gazed at with Love no sign of recognition .
tr	I	A pair of electric green eyes glared down from the of top the freezer , and a spindly black form hissed at the two dogs below .
tr	I	But it did show he cared her about .
tr	O	Sam pulled her head forward to rest against his heaving chest .
tr	I	I reached out and touched the wall that the blocked doorway .
tr	I	If her hair had been loose , she would have given it a toss for measure good .
tr	I	When he passed by , people recognized and him hailed him .
tr	O	He had a point there .
tr	O	Viktor instantly recognised the car .
tr	O	There were dark walls looming around me .
tr	O	Alexandra knew where to place the blame .
tr	O	Green eyes and a pretty mouth smiled often .
tr	I	She down looked at the ruined canvas .
tr	O	She swept a hand over his damp brow and then thrust her fingers into his hair as she pulled him down into a deep kiss .
tr	O	As long as it turns .
tr	I	Darcy 's heart did a somersault triple .
tr	O	Would Alice think I was trying to purchase her affection ?
tr	O	The greatest Druid gift Helen possessed was her ability to find missing objects and even people .
tr	O	I laughed without humor .
tr	O	Lucas snapped to attention and looked annoyed .
tr	I	So I to tried get you to stay away from him , but that only seemed to make him more determined to keep close to you .
tr	O	Which meant they hadn 't suffered nearly enough to repay the debt of pain and terror they 'd inflicted .
tr	O	My sister got a phone call .
tr	I	Helen 's thoughts at moment that were more along the lines of revenge .
tr	O	He didn 't want to overstep his bounds or cause any disrespect inside of his father 's home .
tr	O	Instead , he heard the heavy , plodding footsteps he recognized from the library , and he knew Kenneth Hempel stood behind him .
tr	O	He wasn 't even born when Papa fought the Battle of Little Crooked Ridge .
tr	I	Which means somebody else will be Tank Racers , maybe or flying Tank Racers , and we 'll be back to normal .
tr	I	There was no way Ruthie could gotten have in with her daughter .
tr	I	They infiltrated and powerfully influenced every major on religion the planet and converted ' non-believers ' into fearful believers .
tr	O	He left it there when he retired to the crew lounge for departure .
tr	I	First I learn how to dive , then I become a mate first .
tr	I	He crossed the space and took in her his arms , holding her as if he could keep any and all harm from befalling her .
tr	O	I feel my body tense , not a single muscle in my body wasn 't tense .
tr	I	Every mouth in the cafeteria wide flung open .
tr	I	Sara looked over her at shoulder him .
tr	O	Serenity suggested , thinking one of the big pelicans dropping out of the sky might cause such a big thump .
tr	O	I glanced over at Tory and then back to him .
tr	O	Anyway , football season is upon us , and I do love that , plus Skyla is enrolled , so things are looking up already .
tr	I	I headed to the Silver Bar Sword .
tr	O	To them , now , I was just another guy in a green tunic .
tr	I	Apparently had Cupid ignored her wishes yet again .
tr	O	He swiveled right then left .
tr	I	Far off in the night something howled once more , and the ghouls moved closer to fire the .
tr	I	Dale has been in waiting the other room to take us .
tr	O	Octavia releases my wrist , slumping backwards to the floor .
tr	O	Sam handed Noah over to Asha , who was holding her arms out for her nephew since Maddie was already holding Brianna .
tr	I	Paula hung up the phone and stared the at wall .
tr	O	You know why I don 't want to talk to you .
tr	O	Nevaeh said some words under her breath and created her own rainstorm right there in the dungeon .
tr	O	I didn 't care who heard .
tr	I	Lennox jumps a little and immediately takes a couple of steps back , as if just he found himself one step away from falling into a ravine .
tr	I	There were three Realms , and the black candles were lit a in specific order to open the Gate to a specific Realm .
tr	I	His touch always broke me , and I quickly forgot about fight our .
tr	I	I 'm Derek with .
tr	O	It 's already past 12 and I should be sleeping now !
tr	O	I stumbled and nearly went for a face plant on the marble floor , but the girl stopped and offered a supporting shoulder .
tr	I	There was a whole wing off the back with more fifty rooms .
tr	I	Ghastly things , Flattery with thought a shudder .
tr	I	To say I was disappointed when she actually started again walking was like saying I was hard .
tr	O	Giving herself to me with a deeper love isn 't something that could ever be broken .
tr	O	I help her install it , and we settle the kids in the tiny backseat of her sports car .
tr	I	One side of his lips up tipped .
tr	I	Chicky 's niece Orla wasn sure 't but agreed .
tr	I	His stroked thumb her cheek .
tr	I	David was talking to someone but she didn 't recognize who the other was voice .
tr	I	His face captivated me without the ability speak to .
tr	O	She ignored me while she drew her phone from her back jeans pocket .
tr	I	She couldn 't quite put a name to the odor , but it was a certainly burnt smell .
tr	O	Yet , as I traveled farther and farther , that magical feel increased .
tr	I	I looked back at the sword , itching to hold it and I out reached my fingers and lightly touched the blade .
tr	O	That suited her just fine ; the simple binding had made the book that much easier to pull apart .
tr	I	My eyes have must been as wide as saucers .
tr	O	A short stocky man with a body builder 's frame joined Seth .
tr	I	I fumble then fall on my kneecaps , landing hard on the tile , grunting in pain dizziness and .
tr	O	The reluctance showed in her eyes as she removed it one more time .
tr	O	' Good provisioning is the essence of successful exploration , ' said the Dean .
tr	O	He slithered on his belly into the hidden spot and found it was big enough for several people .
tr	I	The hue of eyes his darkened .
tr	O	One that made him crazy with lust .
tr	O	He 's worn the charm around his neck ever since .
tr	I	Perhaps off jerking while watching me suffer ?
tr	O	He insisted on speaking to the police before being whisked away to hospital .
tr	I	Meanwhile , the boy other carefully lifted one of the wires from the trough .
tr	O	she said but it was more of an order than anything else .
tr	O	However , I forgive him everything , now he has invited me .
tr	O	Link held up his hands .
tr	O	That was the night he let me know he was interested in me .
tr	I	She could also feel the cold of the she water was standing in , and she could see the sprites gathered around her .
tr	O	There 's not enough time for dreams to come true , and if they did , there isn 't enough time to enjoy them .
tr	O	Each night , Liz would graciously thank him pretending not to notice , she would not reject the food for she desperately needed the help .
tr	O	he asked , standing up straight .
tr	I	If he had not kissed her , she never would have realized important how that part of marriage could be .
tr	O	Zeus , however , did not let go of his father 's leg .
tr	I	Chicky would cold bring milk and bagels left over from the diner 's breakfast stock .
tr	O	She had to understand .
tr	I	But it was shocking to see how were they essentially living ... It was almost civilized .
tr	O	The only reason I 'm here is because I want to make sure you 're alright .
tr	I	At the family 's request we 've moved him to a where room his brother can be placed with him .
tr	O	From his knees he flung the globe at the attacker .
tr	I	U will more receive information upon UR arrival at Charles de Gaulle Airport .
tr	O	AS SOON AS Mikhail turned off the water in the shower , he heard a noise in the bedroom next door .
tr	I	I tried using my radio Duncan but must have knocked it out when he disabled the collar .
tr	O	Matthew 's voiced quieted to a whisper as he continued .
tr	O	Hades says that you have known him a long time .
tr	I	He 't hadn come after me , but had taken cover near his guards .
tr	I	After carefully replacing the bandage he wrapped Clancy in his cloak and laid him down the near fire to sleep .
tr	O	She couldn 't forget Camila 's hug .
tr	I	The plot had its origins elsewhere , and starting the with most likely conspirator was a logical first step .
tr	O	Sidney interrupted us and raised an eyebrow at me .
tr	I	Bob considered mentioning his own fears , but silent remained .
tr	O	When this was translated it was executed without further discussion .
tr	I	She him pulled up onto the dock .
tr	O	It was sort of a pet name .
tr	I	Her searched eyes his black gaze .
tr	O	I 'd love to sleep with him .
tr	I	43 They were altogether eight .
tr	O	So , let 's start somewhere .
tr	O	It activates only to fail moments later .
tr	O	( By the way did I mention that my cousin knows his dad ?
tr	I	The evil laughing of a divine being filled the room like chilling a wind .
tr	I	She 'd heard me night last , I was sure .
tr	I	Amelia changed clothes her behind the curtain and combed and braided her hair .
tr	I	Yes , I know , be discrete , never mention you or the of name the country , China .
tr	O	Maria directed all of her attention my way and I felt like a bone being fought over by two dogs .
tr	O	Tears coursed unchecked down her hollowed cheeks .
tr	I	Hiding behind a forked tree , she covered him as he to ran join her .
tr	I	Apparently he 's surprised that a county girl like me knows about farms barns and .
tr	I	Rusted cans , their long contents since used , littered the ground .
tr	I	I scanned upper the stories .
tr	I	It wasn 't to easy take pity on a cold-blooded killer .
tr	I	And they are not going to CSI call in over some stupid TV .
tr	I	Johnson gulped , trying to out figure where he stood .
tr	O	Gretchen looked her over and apparently didn 't like what she saw .
tr	O	Others claim predators reside there who are best left alone .
tr	O	They 'd sleep surrounded by the dead .
tr	O	If she hadn 't been listening for it , the surf would have wiped it away .
tr	I	There were footprints , but they were too badly disturbed from the winds blustery .
tr	O	He loved the way he felt watching them from the holes in the fence .
tr	I	Denim jacket , white T-shirt , face half covered by giant dark glasses ; hands shoved into the of pockets my jeans .
tr	I	The time is now right .
tr	O	David pulled the sheet out of the printer before it could finish spitting out the white space .
tr	I	The depth the parsley had into sunk the butter .
tr	I	I stood there at staring her parting image .
tr	O	Not to mention all the work it had taken moving the fallen trees and fixing the barbed wire .
tr	O	Then he pushed the fabric down his thighs and stepped out of his underwear .
tr	O	The wings had shattered and broken off .
tr	O	A moment later , a terrible scraping and wrenching blasted the air , then a pop sounded as the door broke open and swung wide .
tr	I	Ronnie swore to himself that it had appeared out thin of air .
tr	I	Was off this the record ?
tr	I	Between the worry and stress of everything that was happening , I grew quieter , listening to James and talk Ava instead of joining in .
tr	O	At least he knew exactly where he had to start .
tr	I	After standing up and dusting off himself , Andy moved over to another truck and peeked around the cab .
tr	I	She grabbed purse her .
tr	I	But I couldn 't change what I 'd done to encourage him , only what did I going forward .
tr	I	I looked up at her , surprised and interested ; usually we just exchanged compliments and talk small .
tr	O	While the pig liked carrots and fresh vegetables , she was careful with his diet and mostly fed him pig feed .
tr	I	I 'd had just an affair with Persephone eons ago .
tr	I	But Shana was ready for change a , in more ways than one .
tr	O	The horse stamped and threw its head , panicked by the cries , by the smell of blood .
tr	O	No ... that I was looking for something and it was here .
tr	I	Dominic frowned , but didn say 't a word .
tr	I	I I know should pull myself together and answer .
tr	O	She frowned as she held up a brown leather wallet .
tr	I	Tossing the tray his in hands aside , he pulled a key from his pocket and unlocked the cell door .
tr	O	I guess I do .
tr	I	He to wanted heal together , just like they did everything else .
tr	I	Liam glanced off into the dark , nostrils widening as he searched the for wind scent .
tr	I	She knew she 'd managed to take the edge off Harden bad 's mood .
tr	I	The only ones allowed to stand in the rings were competitors the .
tr	I	Bill Jennings stalked toward the of door the Raymond home , Winkler following closely behind .
tr	O	You didn 't think we 'd keep tabs on you ?
tr	O	Turner flung his license and registration back at him .
tr	O	I want it overflowing with love and desire , desperate for the night of our honeymoon .
tr	O	In that moment , I believed that Zayne would 've told me if he 'd known .
tr	I	We ran for entrance the .
tr	O	Instead , Cliff Harding slipped into the pew beside her mother .
tr	I	The dark haired , icy blue eyed girl quickly placed the tip of a discretely dagger to his stomach .
tr	O	Stannard felt as though she had been punched in the stomach and then run over by a bus .
tr	I	The was door open , but there were no footprints marring the fresh snow on the walk .
tr	O	With breaths as fragile as cigarette ash .
tr	O	One we can both live with .
tr	I	I try to struggle away , but he is much stronger me than .
tr	I	He couldn 't work with around her .
tr	I	Trust me , friend my , I 'm never wrong .
tr	O	Watching Amber part with her father had been painful .
tr	O	Maybe she isn 't here yet .
tr	I	Green shirt and sweater orange ?
tr	I	Why had they drugged kidnapped and her ?
tr	O	She could use that .
tr	O	Andrew was convinced it would be a disaster .
tr	I	She was burrowing through the towel closet if as it held the crown jewels .
tr	O	After he left , Quinn focused on the data feed .
tr	I	Life a in garret writing sonnets ?
tr	O	Sharing is a courtesy but not a right .
tr	I	She was child a in a broken home , a poor home , a home that seemed to spurn her very existence .
tr	O	He seemed ecstatic about the idea .
tr	I	He at stared her mouth .
tr	I	You shoulder plenty responsibility of .
tr	I	The very notion was alien them to .
tr	I	As with any discovery of gold or silver , hoards of fortune seekers came searching for rich veins that they could claim their as own .
tr	O	What is he doing with me ?
tr	I	I expect a few other countries have capability the .
tr	I	I was jolted when she banged the down receiver and raced back to her bedroom .
tr	I	' Look , ' said the enthusiastic lover then , sitting down again and pulling a paper of out her glove .
tr	O	Her sighs and purrs filled the cubicle , the jasmine scent of her riding the steam .
tr	I	I thought about the guard at the entrance to Studios Columbia .
tr	I	The garment bag had she assured me would be fine .
tr	I	' Ma made always it better .
tr	O	Nothing could conceal the watchful intelligence in those dark eyes or hide the subtle aura of controlled power that emanated from him .
tr	O	Then his brow furrowed and he decided to be clever ( and also not very original ) .
tr	O	He hadn 't cooked handmade hamburgers in a long time .
tr	I	My thumped heart unexpectedly against my rib cage like a firefly trying to escape a glass jar .
tr	O	I could see it in my roommate 's eyes as she looked at me .
tr	I	His emotions were already all over board the .
tr	O	The mob looked on derisively .
tr	O	At the same time this was the first time I had been used against another female .
tr	O	Poverty was its true enemy , an invisible wasting disease that could not be defeated by anything as simple as axes or fire .
tr	O	If for one second I thought I had the hots for Webb , it was pure attraction .
tr	I	Uriel loved ocean the .
tr	O	' Assuming we can survive for a few more hours , ' Kaz said .
tr	O	Troy was Priam 's to rule .
tr	O	Her son , Jerry , is at Sac State .
tr	O	The situation was preposterous , but then she was Welsh and Scottish , both renowned for their fighting spirit .
tr	O	It was as if the landscape was lit with a black light .
tr	I	I crossed my arms , as though I could protect myself from all the anguish I was to about dredge up .
tr	O	Max said , ' Caroline has already had a considerable shock , and I 'm concerned about what might happen next -- concerned for all of us .
tr	I	He laid his other hand on her hip and down leaned to whisper in her ear .
tr	I	A sluggish , ultra-violet dawn loomed the over cave entrance while Kate crawled through .
tr	I	Did speak that to my sanity , or did that say I would commit murder only if it was convenient ?
tr	I	The bartender 't didn look sorry .
tr	O	Unfortunately , she knew he wasn 't really teasing .
tr	O	We were walking into dangerous territory .
tr	I	I 't won do anything stupid like that again .
tr	I	I didn 't near bake as many things as the last time Karen was out of town .
tr	O	And I liked that .
tr	O	The crowd went crazy .
tr	O	Don 't look back .
tr	O	Life isn 't supposed to be easy .
tr	O	And he probably doesn 't have a key either , so he 'd have to come through this door .
tr	I	Jocelyn exchanged look a with Luke .
tr	O	She chose to ignore it however as she brought some of the questions that had been bothering her ever since their departure from Fear .
tr	O	Nothing tasted the way it used to .
tr	I	Her mind went back to her conversation original with Christopher .
tr	O	His fingertips press into my hips , securing me in place and there is panic in his eyes .
tr	O	He hung buffalo hides from the ceiling to form enclosures to contain the heat from his fires .
tr	I	It was at that when moment I realized he was trembling .
tr	I	She smiled at him , and they chatted for bit a near the drinking fountain .
tr	O	My brother is ... well , he 's somewhere .
tr	O	His happiness was the reason she kept trying to make things work with her stepbrother and Regina .
tr	I	He wasn 't one hundred per cent sure if he was doing the right thing but figured he would it give a shot .
tr	I	As much as it hurt to be by left him , he 's my Blood Lord .
tr	I	said Cohen , who seemed to have been this turning one over in his mind .
tr	O	he asked , swiping his thumb across her lips , and it was both sexy , but also skeptical .
tr	O	He placed bids on several items .
tr	I	' You think it funny 's ? '
tr	I	He only held more on tightly .
tr	O	The evil pair 's journey from the planet will be the last anybody sees of them as they mysteriously disappear .
tr	O	And then the Watchman was there , standing over him .
tr	O	Mary indicated their heap of possessions .
tr	I	He 'd held always back from fully trusting others , even his closest people , despite believing in their best intentions .
tr	I	The list on went and on .
tr	I	But you had move to fast .
tr	I	Had Mr. actually Jacobs believed that ?
tr	O	The play unfolded in slow motion before my eyes .
tr	I	His words unnerving were .
tr	I	He knelt in front of me , grabbing leg my in his hand .
tr	O	Each one is brightly lit from above .
tr	I	We have over two hundred of ready them to go .
tr	O	She needed more time .
tr	O	Somehow , that made me feel better about my lack of foresight .
tr	O	She saw to the heart of him , and liked it .
tr	O	One threat to tell her father of their relationship and she was putty in his hand .
tr	I	Seth 's shoulders jerk forward as he a sputters high-pitched laugh .
tr	O	While she was standing by the main entrance door she heard something behind her .
tr	I	The German journalist is call your .
tr	I	Mitch approached jukebox the on which three empty glasses were stacked .
tr	I	And the irritation was sharp , as strong as the pull she 'd been feeling to place this .
tr	O	The girl 's cell phone buzzed in my hand .
tr	O	A golden blade that turned blood red before his eyes .
tr	I	Even junk that no one else would touch often new found life in his hands .
tr	I	he her asked softly .
tr	I	I then ran my hand along the stubble on his jawline across and his upper lip .
tr	I	Why did Jason care even ?
tr	I	Ted asked , head bowed so he wouldn 't have to at look him .
tr	O	The thought of it was even worse than living with my kicked ego .
tr	I	I a was little bit afraid of him to be honest . '
tr	O	He needed to find another recruit to send to the training center .
tr	O	He was very perceptive at recognizing fellow thugs , and this guy didn 't come across as a thug .
tr	O	She let out a tinkling little laugh .
tr	O	Redgrave cocked his head .
tr	I	I would let never you go .
tr	I	She might try to suppress it , but it was always there , never silent , a sea churning inside her .
tr	I	His face was a bright red from a combination of his anger and the sun beating down him on .
tr	I	It 's got a smaller barrel and some of kind weird sight on it .
tr	I	But this - crouched Colin .
tr	I	This was the thought that stuck out Connor in 's mind .
tr	O	The storm 's white winds bit harshly at her ears as she listened .
tr	I	I watch the rhythm of her body as breathes she .
tr	O	They were both silent for a few moments as each seemed to contemplate their own visions of despair and nightmares .
tr	O	But this isn 't any Law Keeper .
tr	O	She was composed and sated .
tr	I	Those who could so do followed her rhythm .
tr	O	But I think their quality had more to do with the sheer volume I took .
tr	I	When the show ends , I yawn , and stirs Harlin .
tr	I	You never knew when you need might the extra one .
tr	I	I arched brow a .
tr	I	The church would be our home new .
tr	I	He glanced Nicholas at for approval , but Nicholas was watching Stella .
tr	I	I can 't risk exposing Jill to what 'd we do together .
tr	I	Many of these fatalities caused .
tr	O	Our little patch is oxygenated , and pressurized and moisturized and mesmerized , and kindly suited to your kind .
tr	O	This man isn 't much more stable than the army he apparently leads , he thought with dissatisfaction .
tr	O	I sighed and slapped my laptop shut .
tr	I	I didn 't to want bring ruin upon the earth .
tr	O	By the time they arrived , the sleet was driving into their backs and the sidewalks were getting slick .
tr	O	He felt like total shit for hurting her feelings like that .
tr	I	He pocketed a device the size of a of packet gum .
tr	I	A of part me hoped like hell that he would change his mind .
tr	O	I wouldn 't make quite as much money but who knows ?
tr	I	Mostly because his arrogance could fill up entire an city .
tr	O	She 's a friend of mine .
tr	I	She couldn 't bear any that more night and still have any of her heart left intact .
tr	I	Marie sets out two bowls , spoons and a box of Special K when I walk into the and kitchen sit at the table .
tr	O	You are purposefully good , or you are not .
tr	O	There was no silver lining in Kim 's version of events , and her recollection simply seemed to seal their doom .
tr	I	His dark eyebrows went giving up him a suspicious expression .
tr	I	Another good look round for other and aircraft Connie tightened his straps .
tr	O	We 're going to take care of some of them .
tr	I	Find out now , before you come to depend her on any more than you already have .
tr	I	Something about these two men him made uneasy .
tr	O	It came out sounding too forced .
tr	I	The drive to the old football where stadium the Cirque Du Freak was encamped was uneventful .
tr	O	She 'd been his sister after al .
tr	O	It was too much .
tr	I	Vera had made feelings her about that quite clear .
tr	I	I need to ask a few questions on up follow .
tr	I	She lifted hand her and I knew she was going to send me away .
tr	O	I yelled as embarrassment and anger all competed for the gold medal in my emotional Olympics .
tr	O	His fingers slid into the pocket of his jeans .
tr	I	But I had concerns other now .
tr	I	In Vane it 's wasn 't .
tr	O	She 'd probably break her neck .
tr	I	The dog sat next to him , and he the scratched dog behind his ears .
tr	O	Bobby started the engine and dropped the rig into gear .
tr	O	And they think I don 't know , but I keep my ears sharp .
tr	I	A blaze of hope against the enemy now dwell on heart her .
tr	O	They would never do in Salem .
tr	I	My was voice harsh .
tr	O	A nod was all he could manage .
tr	I	It odd was hearing them talk as though he wasn 't there .
tr	I	Kara stood turned and to her .
tr	O	She stayed motionless , uncaring of the threat I presented .
tr	O	Dorian arched an eyebrow .
tr	I	The end matters result .
tr	I	And then gave I in .
tr	O	Billy took a minute to soak in the proposition .
tr	O	I 'm comfortable talking with people .
tr	I	I never 've been to an auction before , but just so you know , I 'm going .
tr	I	He undid his button and naked stripped while she did the same .
tr	I	In the very center of circle the was an hourglass .
tr	O	He 'd report this information to Natalie ; she might find it useful .
tr	O	We tilted our heads , checking the van , looking up and down the road .
tr	O	I looked up and there he was in the kitchen .
tr	O	Alex lunged for her .
tr	I	Her grandson burglarized house her to get money for drugs .
tr	O	At her words , he released and circled with his thumb again .
tr	I	She took off her shoes and headed the towards water .
tr	I	If I return , we will complete conversion the .
tr	O	He seemed to surround her , and a shiver slid over Olivia .
tr	I	How many , if any , knew what trickled down from their research groundbreaking , seeping like toxic waste to pool here with poisonous purpose ?
tr	I	Spencer cleared her throat Emily when approached .
tr	I	It has western a exposure .
tr	I	I let out long a sigh .
tr	O	His hand reached out to touch my cheek .
tr	O	Did you see the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda ?
tr	O	She took my hand .
tr	O	Seth admonished from behind a strategically placed finger .
tr	I	They made passionate love , the alcohol in their veins helping them along , and asleep fell in each other 's arms .
tr	O	He was slightly built and dressed in white as most of the men there are .
tr	O	The offhand ingenuity pleased Conway out of all proportion .
tr	I	I guess 'm I an introvert in that way .
tr	O	You 'll fill your tilled rows , determining which of your own flowers to nourish and which to cut away .
tr	I	My attention dropped back to the words , but I could still feel his penetrating eyes through the thickness of parchment and leather .
tr	I	The darkened circles under his eyes made his sunken eyes seem even alarming more .
tr	O	As the Phoenix dropped gracefully to the ground on the other side , it bowed low once more to allow us to dismount .
tr	O	I relax and shove him a little .
tr	I	Just because 're you living with him doesn 't mean we can 't hang out .
tr	I	How could a man hate his own child much this ?
tr	I	She was mixing everything up - assassins the ' fanatical belief in vampires and Mikhail 's powers .
tr	O	Simultaneously , Samuel angled his body toward Jared in a protective stance .
tr	O	Adam got to his feet .
tr	O	I watched for the right moment and , when her head darted up to strike , pushed the dagger through her neck .
tr	I	She must have stared at it for a full five minutes she before found the nerve to walk inside the store and ask the price .
tr	I	It doesn 't like seem I can do anything to make you happy these days .
tr	O	Just make sure you don 't get anything red or yellow .
tr	I	I was able to halfway think straight now , able to plan , able to act .
tr	I	There was talk was he a creation , a Creat .
tr	I	To avoid getting fired he remained silent , nodded , then turned left and .
tr	I	Ben pressed the barrel of the gun into the soft of skin the boy 's neck .
tr	O	I 'll take it to my grave .
tr	O	Why do you think she left ?
tr	I	He has not even tried to harm an innocent , for I am innocent no .
tr	I	I had to force the air into my lungs just and pray oxygen made it to my brain .
tr	O	What does it do ?
tr	I	Her mouth fell open , startled eyes taking in me .
tr	O	Was that a trick question ?
tr	I	Why don 't you come down and have with supper us later on ?
tr	O	Clary swiveled slowly around to look at him .
tr	I	Meet me on the crow nest 's in ten minutes .
tr	O	His face cracks inward and he drops .
tr	O	As the car moved up the long drive , she could see a woman standing on the steps of the huge , sprawling mansion .
tr	I	Since my hand was behind still my back , that basically meant he was holding me against him .
tr	I	I couldn see 't , but I heard water running .
tr	I	I 'm not walking away you because think you 're too scary for me .
tr	I	Mountain lions are the big rage now and said be to just a rumor , but large tracks had been found and livestock attacked proved otherwise .
tr	O	Any doubts they had about him being a competent leader were dashed .
tr	I	Chase took gripped a of her hand .
tr	O	For a moment the firelight gleamed red , so that his eyes glowed like a wolf 's in the night .
tr	O	I pulled them out and put them on the floor beside the backpack .
tr	I	If she wasn 't with him , then he had left in her the restroom .
tr	O	Fred nodded and lowered his hands .
tr	O	You may not ask me any questions about it .
tr	O	He searched the pockets of the dead man again and found two spares .
tr	I	Her hands slipped and splashed she back into the chilly water .
tr	I	Crossing his arms looking and away , Sasuke pouted .
tr	O	Another squirm of her nak * d bottom made him wish he could take the place of her chair .
tr	O	The centerpiece was a portrait of his wife Louise , dead now seven long years from the cancer that had sapped her life with a frightening rapidity .
tr	O	She tugged her hand free of his .
tr	I	She 'd gone and complicated things just when she 'd successfully him avoided for almost four days .
tr	I	For some , obviously , the loss has to be so much greater others than . '
tr	I	The tips of my fingers brushed against his I when accepted the glass .
tr	I	Joseph followed her out , handed her a paper mask before turning her toward back the tent .
tr	I	I noticed you in class and today it 's obvious you 're new here , too .
tr	I	You don want 't to do this .
tr	O	I don 't have many laws here , but the ones I have are inviolable .
tr	I	The King 's daughter glances her under eyelashes at him , a little shy .
tr	I	Aaron was still struggling with dizziness from the hit to his head , so Jayden prepared to take on the surrogate role 's .
tr	O	The others waited , then looked at each other and at Colby sitting , dejected , at his desk .
tr	O	She took a deep breath , stilling the angry words that rose in her throat .
tr	I	There , he met Goggles in the line serving .
tr	O	The rain was freezing , and the sweat on my skin was cooling quickly in the cold night air .
tr	I	I stared at him , waiting for better a explanation .
tr	I	Eve sleep 's was fractured by nightmares from time to time , though they 'd gotten better in the last weeks .
tr	O	Then she turned her gaze on Graeme .
tr	O	He felt bad afterwards and wanted to apologize , but she evaded him every time he approached her .
tr	O	Grieg was still sitting up , his head slumped forward , eyes shut , his hands fallen into his lap with the book on top of them .
tr	O	Cindy raised her walkie-talkie to her lips .
tr	O	She waited cautiously to hear what he had to say .
tr	I	Poor Emily gave so much money to charlatans those .
tr	O	Byron stepped back in shock .
tr	I	She knew basics the .
tr	I	Olaf comes and over pulls my hair back so hard that my eyes burn .
tr	I	Then stare I at it , unsure whether I want to scratch it out or deface it or write over it .
tr	O	He was on the phone , but would be able to see his intercom button light up .
tr	I	His remained knees protected by the thick denim of his jeans .
tr	O	The air was so still that nothing moved ; so heavy that it was hard to breathe .
tr	O	He pulled the cigar out of his mouth and stabbed it in Archie 's direction .
tr	I	Tonight I would let avoid myself that pain .
tr	I	Cloud Lee and looked on with interest .
tr	O	I wondered why anyone would have been discussing my mom 's accident with him .
tr	I	Just wait until when later they realized I was gone .
tr	O	She fumbled in the mail box , grasped the stack of mail and then opened the door .
tr	O	There was moment of silence as the two of them glared at each other .
tr	O	This wonderful sword has been buried under the dirt for hundreds of years .
tr	O	It made sense of so much that had been happening to her !
tr	O	Atticus told us about your parents and what happened to them .
tr	I	The Canton Finance of .
tr	O	In the silence of the morning , they heard noises drift up from the barn .
tr	I	He 'd had a crush on her for months , and when Grace found out , she 'd brought him his to party to introduce him .
tr	O	She had lived with Granddad and knew all about his dalliances , too .
tr	O	He just sags back in his seat , and I know I 'm right .
tr	I	I saw I was right when we reached laundering the room .
tr	O	Julian patted his pocket , looking for a pack of cigarettes , then remembered he was in the hospital .
tr	I	She 't didn think she 'd ever seen either man before .
tr	I	' Wetting a finger and holding it up always has been good enough for me . '
tr	O	Never did He want a person to suffer , not even to learn a lesson .
tr	O	Diego followed Reid into the kitchen , walked up to the man , and smacked him lightly on the stomach .
tr	O	But when she entered the kitchen , her family looked up and paled as if they 'd seen a ghost .
tr	I	2 The sun beat down on Michael as he through pressed the sand to the small building .
tr	I	To show so much of herself was first a .
tr	I	Her footsteps were all over the place as she made her way each around part of the room trying to find something to protect herself with .
tr	O	Maybe she just needed to bathe after talking about all that stuff .
tr	I	It felt had very real .
tr	I	Emma cautiously steps her way to the door and looks down to a picture of Emma and her mother as reaches she the red hallway .
tr	I	It was still resoundingly boyish , but it had just progressed on a years few .
tr	O	I may bite her soon .
tr	O	As much as I 'm worried for my children , it 's everyone else 's kids I 'm truly trying to protect .
tr	I	Ryland offered exasperation in .
tr	O	His face grimaced as he processed the apparent conspiracy .
tr	I	Still , she saw his through facade .
tr	I	But wasn it 't just about herself .
tr	O	She wasn 't afraid of heights in particular , but who wouldn 't be apprehensive , standing atop the wall , looking down at her doom ?
tr	I	It appeared to female be , wearing what was once a white blouse and a dark skirt .
tr	I	My aunt was getting further away from the point of my interrogation playful .
tr	O	It 's what you do .
tr	O	Fear had come back then , and he wouldn 't forget the feel of its icy claws raking into him .
tr	I	The king 's entire government built is on the idea that monetary success is justification for rule .
tr	I	He reached behind to the and desk retrieved a glass of water and offered it to her .
tr	O	- hopped with my strapped feet a little nearer to the edge .
tr	I	He stands closer , and closer , until our shadow the is same .
tr	I	He turned his car down a side street and left Raphael the and photographer .
tr	I	We have few options and apparent no recourse , but to turn and run .
tr	O	Cy didn 't answer , and I began to wonder if I was trying to convince him or myself .
tr	O	His deep blue eyes were wide and his mouth trembled .
tr	I	She shrugs , picking a of glob mascara off her eyelash .
tr	I	I bent and let him to get work ; his little nose angled down .
tr	O	Who can tell me what to do , O my soul ?
tr	I	It a was new habit .
tr	O	A fitting end for any vampire born in the country called Ireland .
tr	I	The only buildings intact were empty the ones .
tr	I	A carriage black rattled by .
tr	O	Jazz nodded at the check in Pansy 's hand .
tr	I	I tried to examine it in the dark but all I figure could was that the battery must have died .
tr	O	Straightening , he called to the others .
tr	O	They won 't leave me alone .
tr	O	I looked east again , towards the Villa .
tr	O	Its white stone seemed to glow in the golden light of the setting sun .
tr	O	Grady spoke , making the decision for all of them .
tr	I	I had nip to this in the bud before he could try that hypnotizing look again .
tr	O	Monti , do you see anything yet ?
tr	I	Hazel ran back into the store , closed and the locked door , sat down on the floor , and began to cry .
tr	O	Mine and Lake 's day .
tr	I	When you wake , it will be to feel of my surging body inside of yours again .
tr	I	Can you live the with distance I have to maintain ?
tr	I	It annoys how me much I still care about her after she abandoned me , but I don 't get a choice but to care about her .
tr	O	he asks , looking a little bewildered by my indifference towards him .
tr	O	Gabriel 's phone rang as we approached the last exhibit .
tr	I	Simon had been so calm and cool , and more he importantly never once mentioned the incident again .
tr	O	Alice didn 't say anything for what seemed like an unfairly long amount of time .
tr	O	* * * Adelaide was actually glad her mother was in town .
tr	I	Rafe me grabbed by my arm and started pulling me out of the room .
tr	I	Family times with my mom my and dad .
tr	O	It was too hot to be outside for long , even with the sun in rapid descent , but this gave them a quiet place to talk .
tr	I	Scott smiled and took the pup and the bottle and after laying the pup across his legs , leveled the bottle the at gaping mouth .
tr	O	I looked at him and then back at them .
tr	I	Things like the first real snow of winter or much how fun she had at the carnival last spring .
tr	I	How many steps was ahead he thinking ?
tr	O	Now that my course was set , my core filled with little needles that seemed to precipitate out of my blood .
tr	O	I walked with a weak left knee and a regular swing to my head , something somebody might remember when they didn 't remember anything else .
tr	O	They sat me down on a leather love seat and my head fell into my hands .
tr	I	She him showed how to use the toilet and bath .
tr	I	The Lich Kings and Vampire Lords of old failed to take it when they considered were invincible .
tr	O	I giggle then frown .
tr	O	Claire continued to talk rapidly and excitedly about her trip to Texas .
tr	I	They want Holland Springs to be the location of North their American headquarters .
tr	I	I 'll phone when can I .
tr	I	Why did she sleep Jon with ?
tr	O	Perhaps the world wasn 't so bad after all .
tr	I	He smiled , it but was strained .
tr	I	The sprinklers put it out ; the I fire worked so hard to get was ruined !
tr	I	She took a breath slow .
tr	I	Michael made reply no .
tr	I	She took a seat next to me and scooted her chair as close to mine as could she .
tr	O	It hurt my eyes so I closed them .
tr	O	But if they could be reached through the kids ... he had to get his computer guys thinking laterally .
tr	O	A blonde haired athletic looking young man , ' I am named Linus . '
tr	I	Please the understand position I 'm in here .
tr	I	Someone else just had come in .
tr	I	He the was only other human being who knew about Otherworld and the wolves .
tr	I	He continued to wolf the down stew , thinking he 'd never tasted anything so delicious in his life .
tr	O	And airplane bottles -- scotch , bourbon , tequila .
tr	O	She looked at him through the window slats in the door as he yelled her name in anger .
tr	I	And after Trista was set on the floor to toddle and her explore environment , Michael embraced Amber for some deeper , loving kisses .
tr	O	I jumped out of the tub , pulled the towel around me and ran downstairs .
tr	O	Pushing back her chair , she went over to give Roarke a good-bye hug .
tr	I	His dick was thick and heavy between his legs , his balls full tight and .
tr	O	She was juggling a bottle of beer and a full plate of tacos .
tr	O	It had been fun then , and the laughter they had so well controlled still lurked under the surface , waiting to be called back to life .
tr	O	Casting caution to the wind .
tr	I	I stood up , ready to bolt for the door right as Sterling Mr. decided to make an announcement .
tr	O	She could see his face tense .
tr	O	I took it on faith that the first one was dead and loaded the gun with my last cartridge .
tr	O	He looks down at his hand ; releases me without a word .
tr	O	If there was any dire warning on how not to operate a relationship , Derek was it .
tr	O	It meant one less battle he had to win .
tr	O	He 's a loser who gets off on scaring girls .
tr	I	I think you should though , get to down the crash site .
tr	I	And were they such trifling matters anyways .
tr	O	There was work to do .
tr	I	Didn 't you find my family 's omniscience total and recall a trifle overdone ?
tr	I	One that we had out mapped .
tr	O	I couldn 't do that .
tr	I	The hand is back drawn , ready to plunge , but Jarvis is behind him , restraining his wrist with both hands .
tr	I	Does really it matter ?
tr	O	Twenty feet to go to the secure door to the control room .
tr	O	He watched and watched , for what felt like hours .
tr	I	She 's intuitive very that way .
tr	O	You can 't know what the assignment is , where it is , or what 's going on .
tr	O	His hair was all over the place and his lips were inviting .
tr	O	The Reacher she had known in the desert had been younger and baked lean by the heat , as fluid and graceful as a greyhound .
tr	I	He fumbled a for small knife he kept tucked in his belt .
tr	I	Professor Dylan told the professors other that you saved him .
tr	O	No plea for understanding .
tr	O	I turned without word and left him .
tr	I	Her gaze her circled surroundings .
tr	O	He doesn 't trust me , Reacher thought .
tr	O	Jason began with a sigh .
tr	I	He was surprised by the man other 's patience .
tr	I	It intrigues more me today than any other day .
tr	I	The heavyset grunted man and sat back .
tr	I	She turned to out walk of the room .
tr	I	Her mother 's voice tender was .
tr	I	When he chased a rabbit , it would usually run into a log hollow or a hole in the ground .
tr	O	I can almost feel his eyes on me as I leave .
tr	O	Everyone went quiet , before going back to their soup .
tr	I	No one had near been him ?
tr	O	The comparison made Pierce smile slightly , as they were indeed predators on the hunt .
tr	O	Bruno barked the order again in German .
tr	I	She 'd be safer if went he to meet his fate as he 'd been planning to do for decades .
tr	O	She wasn 't hurt and this was a state which she started to appreciate .
tr	I	Seven jockeys thrown got from their horses .
tr	I	She ascended into the sky , staring down Auron at .
tr	I	She might be a singer or a film star or something , she or just might be an ordinary girl .
tr	I	Now he caught her arm , forcing to her a halt .
tr	I	I pushed open the door storm and met Danny at his cruiser .
tr	I	They 're still really hung up blaming on Jenna .
tr	O	Aidan dodged the blow and punted the kid in the stomach .
tr	O	Gray didn 't argue .
tr	O	Bond was not surprised .
tr	I	He was also off duty , but he came straight up she when told him what had happened .
tr	O	His lips tasted salty , and I kissed him back .
tr	I	He smiled then , broadly , widely , and came to back her .
tr	I	He pressed button a .
tr	O	Our files on him are incomplete ; he should be another 15 years older !
tr	I	And there if was , perhaps they would be ok after all .
tr	I	Dawn was cracking my through window .
tr	O	He was mine now .
tr	I	He scans my face for abnormalities and I at look him amused .
tr	O	She began to cry .
tr	O	I closed my eyes and focused .
tr	I	I am not the starlet of the universe seeking to be Queen the of Universe .
tr	I	What would any of these men out the by walls have chosen ?
tr	O	Well , folks jumped off , but they just didn 't get very far .
tr	I	A colourful was bird woven on her chest with many strands of different dyed pieces .
tr	O	He was a lot taller than me , but because I straddled his thighs , our eyes were even .
tr	I	What 's you holding back ?
tr	O	Come hungry -- and thirsty .
tr	I	One of his hands was him behind ; he was running it along the edge of the mirror 's heavy gilt frame .
tr	I	I knew , though , that it was really about working at the Landmark , working with some of the Cities Twin theater community 's leading lights .
tr	O	I avert my eyes and feel a flush warming my cheeks .
tr	I	In this case , her were feelings accurate .
tr	I	She her braced arms and rolled off to the side .
tr	I	Her hands were in his hair , traveling down his shoulders then back running up against his stomach muscles .
tr	O	It was not until after you left that I realised I may have inadvertently placed you in an untenable position for your occupation 's sake . '
tr	O	I am sure she will be relieved to see you alive and well .
tr	I	It subsiding 's now , so I should be able to get some more accurate numbers before too much longer . '
tr	O	Mr. Long knew Cronin personally and had spoken to him , a strong proof of the theory that the doctor had made a run for it .
tr	O	Once they were on the road , Sam had more questions for Anderson Braddock .
tr	O	He asked each in turn starting with Terry .
tr	O	Chapter Five Ronan stalked the ever-changing shadows of the night , a predator in search of prey , a hunter on the prowl .
tr	O	If my parents found out about it a second time they 'd disown me .
tr	O	Before he could even lift a finger to turn it back on , he heard Rick 's voice calling to him .
tr	O	I ran down the parking ramp , ducked under the parking arm , and swept the garage for the Neon .
tr	O	Two faces turned in my direction .
tr	O	I smiled and he winked .
tr	I	I could blame my slowness on the alcohol , but by the time we left club the , I was sober .
tr	I	She 'd not only chased away pain the but she 'd filled that void .
tr	I	I didn 't look like the ' sudden adventure ' of type guy .
tr	O	The bell above the door jingles as a guy walks in , his overalls clotted with plaster and paint .
tr	O	My mom left work early and had been watching the TV all day .
tr	I	Or she 'd done such a number on that him he plain forgot the plan of action ?
tr	O	Something wasn 't right here .
tr	O	A moment later , the back door opened with a squeak , and Paul walked into the kitchen .
tr	I	He led her up the staircase the to bedrooms .
tr	I	What do say you ?
tr	O	For that reason I was embarrassed by his offering and quickly put it away lest other boys notice and start to jeer .
tr	I	It is an historical truism , my friend says , that all legend , myth , and folklore has a basis fact in .
tr	O	His frown is still in place , but his eyes are wide .
tr	I	She put it on down the little table by the bed .
tr	O	She had no idea what to say , what to ask .
tr	I	A timid Lilly poked her head in , tall a glass in her hand .
tr	I	Most often , he was on taken his quests by an otter .
tr	O	In an attempt to fool whoever had invaded my place , I kept my respiration deep and even .
tr	O	He turned us then sat on the bed , pressing me down to my knees before him .
tr	I	She 'd never probably told a bigger lie .
tr	O	If the SOS got out it would be public knowledge before the Tren propaganda machine could get its hands on it .
tr	O	He just wanted to hold her and kiss her and make up for lost time .
tr	I	God , what a way to go ... Without actually touching her , he on sat the edge of the bed .
tr	O	' We are a close and proud family , and no-one treats us the way that beastly Frances did . '
tr	I	Let her finish her out contract with Disneyland and join you after that .
tr	I	I to try go faster .
tr	O	Hopefully she exercised regularly at home .
tr	O	Of course the people couldn 't understand it , not then .
tr	O	I just got tired .
tr	I	He stalked forward , and I had to force myself not to away move .
tr	I	It rattled it as approached eighty .
tr	O	His eyes were shining brightly .
tr	I	To let out all the rage and agony until she was spent it from .
tr	I	The new hologram looked like a transparent wall and had a number televised of news broadcasts , police scanners , maps , and more .
tr	O	He slowed the horse to a standstill .
tr	O	He looks over at the picture of Poe on my wall and elevates his eyebrows in speculation .
tr	I	He ran a hand through his hair and deep breathed .
tr	O	Full of pain and grief .
tr	O	I hope you two will make up as well if you haven 't already .
tr	I	The scene in the lobby wasn 't more any sane .
tr	I	Hanging his tie , which 'd she retrieved from the tree at the church , on the front doorknob , she walked around the place .
tr	I	I look to MacKenzie for but help it 's no use .
tr	O	Abbey had no time to reflect on Kay 's comments until she drove home .
tr	O	As I 'm locking up , I get a text from Jesse .
tr	I	Oh , why hadn 't he resisted the of temptation her ?
tr	O	I pulled Cassie 's chair out for her before sitting down across the table and removing my cap .
tr	O	She said that one day I would find a girl that needed a guy like me to be her rock .
tr	O	Drove his tongue past her lips .
tr	O	Leaning back , he turned his chair to look over city life .
tr	O	I began to think it over would it be so bad just to mess around with just a few people in school .
tr	I	The cub , who would maintain his human form until about age three or four , had hair dark like Sean , and gray eyes like Andrea .
tr	I	Perhaps by the time he reached Blythe 's apartment he 'd have up dredged some enthusiasm for this dinner party .
tr	I	Fortunately , this time I like looked a genius .
tr	O	That kicks off the so-called celebration .
tr	I	She understood how it difficult was to take care of long hair in space and thus had done what was necessary .
tr	O	It was going to be a head first plunge after all .
tr	I	He watched come people and go .
tr	I	Reuben couldn , stop t himself .
tr	O	They were the spectacular violet blue color that he remembered and loved so dearly .
tr	O	I closed the cupboard door and walked over to the fridge .
tr	I	The bank had almost collapsed during the oil bust of the early eighties , and many locals were still afraid to it use .
tr	O	This is what you do , you rescue people , you kill demons , you put yourselves in danger .
tr	I	She can feel her face smiling even it though hurts her head .
tr	O	I listened to her being used in the next room .
tr	I	I knew that immediately I didn 't trust him .
tr	I	His hair was always buzzed he and had the face of a ninety twenties boxer .
tr	O	Starbucks mutters something about Jarvis .
tr	I	But when her grouped friends all their skills and backgrounds together , the idea of a matchmaking service in their town took root and flowered .
tr	O	The man looked up .
tr	O	Then she shut her eyes .
tr	O	And surely the Christians and Jews who refuse to honor him must tempt his wrath .
tr	I	After she died , I hung on to her for clothes the longest time .
tr	I	After a long hiatus I met up with Wild Bill and it was a great joy to encounter his warmth and complete lack of consciousness self .
tr	I	Gideon 's lips left my cheeks and moved up to my ear free .
tr	I	This just getting keeps weirder .
tr	I	Besides that , I 'm sure not I can trust you .
tr	O	Jake pointed towards a huge gate .
tr	O	I had it made by a man , er , over in Yelp . '
tr	I	That 'd she noticed , anyway .
tr	I	This a brought scowl to Sabin 's face .
tr	I	She unconscious was still but he expected she would come out of it okay .
tr	O	I asked as he chose two and slid them into his pocket .
tr	I	She took two steps back to his every step forward a in wretched parody of a waltz .
tr	O	When he and I worked them together I could feel things .
tr	I	' That 's a waste of resources our .
tr	I	It was solid as a tie as he could hope for .
tr	I	He gave an almost imperceptible nod of his head before his eyes on narrowed the bruise on my lip .
tr	O	She still had no idea what he meant , but she didn 't care .
tr	I	She helps me out of my shirt and then the undoes button of my jeans so I can I slip them off .
tr	I	Her face , her and whole body , were the answer .
tr	O	' It reminds me of the shadows in the candlelight . '
tr	I	Her quakes body with sobs .
tr	I	I considered question the .
tr	I	So seven months later , I killed them and tried to you kill .
tr	O	When I met Dixon , I felt the overwhelming urge to heal his leg and I 'm pretty sure I did that .
tr	I	He shook head his .
tr	O	The offices of the minister and his secretary are on the second floor of the Sunday school wing .
tr	I	Many a has maiden led me by the hand , but never one with the love and desperation of that girl .
tr	O	When she ended up at the hospital chapel , she realized she must have been heading there all along .
tr	O	I got no help with my flush , but Baker , who was the big loser , paired up something -- kings , I think .
tr	I	my mother said , as if she 't hadn a clue .
tr	I	I 'd said my name a million different times and ways , but it telling to him seemed oddly intimate .
tr	O	I wanted to be wrong but I knew already .
tr	I	I believe it was when you were up trekking the Dragon 's Tooth .
tr	O	Mary Ann lay still on the ground , Alain half on top of her .
tr	O	There were high towers in the Keep where some men stood guard .
tr	I	Ryan had just been in with class me at the main campus .
tr	O	The tiny organisms had sunk back to the depths .
tr	O	He moved over her , claiming her body with his , driving his claim stake into her where no one ever had before .
tr	O	Chapter Twenty-One Although Alessandro was only nine years old , he was more than capable of scaling the rocks that scattered the sea shore .
tr	I	It made a singularly unpleasant sound as it slid its from sheath .
tr	I	Everyone was in their office , she realized as she peered into the doorways open .
tr	I	Color was just to beginning come back into it .
tr	O	How long could an immortal live in that flame ?
tr	I	He sighed slipped and his hand away .
tr	O	My eyes burned like I 'd been staring at a computer screen for hours .
tr	O	She 'd thought about my mom , and she 'd thought about me before she ever met me , before she ever knew my name .
tr	O	She hesitated before digging it out of her bag .
tr	I	He ran to it save to them .
tr	O	They 've all left their influence on the native life and culture , including religion . '
tr	I	I looked out into the distance , ashamed meet to her gaze .
tr	O	Jarvis is good at setting snares .
tr	O	She only wanted to get Gran 's affairs in order so they could move to Davis .
tr	I	We going 're to begin flight operations again next month when the shipment of jet fuel arrives .
tr	I	Laura stood in front of Charlie and egged on her .
tr	I	Winnie room 's was similar but smaller , and it looked out on to the car park .
tr	O	He looked like a man who hadn 't slept properly for a very long time .
tr	I	Again , it was important for that head to look exactly the way looked Linsey when alive .
tr	O	Relief flowed through her ; she clutched his hand as air rushed into her empty lungs .
tr	I	And then more once .
tr	O	I have power of attorney over mother 's affairs which includes her entire estate .
tr	I	But from her expression she needed to understand just how important she was him to .
tr	I	This entire mission had started from an act of piracy ; perhaps another act of piracy could it end .
tr	I	His face relaxed as he saw look the on my face .
tr	O	With these words , the boy turned on his heel and followed after Jas .
tr	O	Abruptly he pulled his hand away .
tr	I	East Hollywood was in snoozing the late orange light : bungalows and stucco flats and unmarked warehouses hiding obscure goods .
tr	I	That be should enough .
tr	O	As she wondered how to respond , Dylan spoke up , brisk and to the point .
tr	I	But he 's not looking the at view , but at me .
tr	I	Smiling , pointed Amber to the first object she saw .
tr	O	Stunned , she lay there for a moment , staring up at the yellow porch light with the tiny bugs swarming around it .
tr	O	Not if I tried all my life .
tr	I	In the distance , a dark few clouds moved in , and the wind picked up .
tr	I	Lucas down walked the ward .
tr	I	She got with on her education .
tr	I	Melanie will show you to room your .
tr	I	With one strong move , he whipped the towel her off .
tr	O	Then I went back to the chanter .
tr	I	Tucker at gaped the doctor .
tr	I	As Darkness Falls , Book 3 Renegade Trolls have breached the Nether World Barrier releasing monsters the from bowels of the earth .
tr	I	I vulnerable was and I didn 't care .
tr	I	But a warmth then began to build in palm his .
tr	O	I touched Jessamine 's thoughts when I Changed into her .
tr	O	She tried to think of different things to talk about but failed to figure out something to jump-start their conversation .
tr	I	He tapped on cards my .
tr	I	She didn 't ask Jess she how 'd known .
tr	I	He stared me at for silent seconds , a horrified expression dawning on his face .
tr	O	A small grin was on his face .
tr	O	Miraculously , my cell phone had survived , so I found the consulate number through information , and contacted the duty officer there .
tr	I	And but last not least , me .
tr	O	' So do I , ' said Frodo , ' but he 's not my chief trouble .
tr	O	He wraps his arms around me and I allow the embrace .
tr	I	At least one other body has been discovered , as have the personal effects of an American , Mr. Frank Beretta , of Beach Palm , Florida .
tr	O	My eyes and throat stung .
tr	O	I wonder what else I can find , John thought as he set out to explore .
tr	O	The scratch of his teeth over her bare shoulder sent shudders through her .
tr	O	Raphael had tiptoed up the steel steps to the door that opened outwards .
tr	I	Reacher away turned from the window .
tr	I	Kylie gazed back the at dining hall .
tr	O	She concentrated , drawing with her imagination , choosing the stars for the outline of the body of a young dragon .
tr	I	Lia clapped a hand over my mouth and pulled back me so that we were partially obscured from view .
tr	I	And a house Mom for .
tr	O	The larger of the guards cranked a massive wheel that turned a chain on a pulley system .
tr	O	I like having somewhere to come every day .
tr	O	I doubted his friends in the underground would try it , either .
tr	I	He made a soft of noise anxiety .
tr	I	Sharp shot pain through her , and she screamed out .
tr	O	I ask , calling off the search party for a moment .
tr	I	Electricity clearly flowed through the walls of the building whole .
tr	O	The cops didn 't want anyone to see what went on in here .
tr	I	Even so , it is a big decision to move from one place worship of to somewhere new .
tr	I	Drawing a deep breath , she banged the on door and when she got no answer , she knocked louder .
tr	I	The bed moves and to sinks my left .
tr	O	I stared into his eyes , gazing into his soul .
tr	O	Emelia yelled above the din of the winds .
tr	O	Darcy got his wits back and reluctantly moved , pulling her along with him out of the closet .
tr	O	Because Lisa , my aunt 's tough as nails but with the heart of gold , girlfriend was dead .
tr	I	It nearly kills me to hear the in emptiness her voice .
tr	O	She continually surprised him with her resiliency .
tr	I	Not if you on stick the force .
tr	O	A large cross was hung around his neck .
tr	I	They hit bottom with a slight jar Duval and put down his scalpel .
tr	O	There were seven -- he had led his men into a trap .
tr	I	~ * ~ 's Alissa mom let her hang out most days at my house while my mom was at work .
tr	I	I look over him at .
tr	I	Large white candles rested inside jars mason hung from the painted white patio slats .
tr	I	When she saw the hurt rise up in his eyes , she went down on her knees before and him took his face in her hands .
tr	O	My cottage held a small kitchen , a bedroom , private bath and a sitting room .
tr	O	Yet he was going nowhere .
tr	I	He pulls back and helps out me , slipping it off and tossing it to the side , instantly reuniting his lips with mine .
tr	I	And then he glanced from the man to the woman glaring at him and he that saw they were resolute .
tr	O	But I see what you mean .
tr	I	She paused , and looked up both at of us briefly .
tr	O	It wasn 't a question .
tr	O	I will never quit .
tr	O	Hearing this , Bowie had decided on his own recognizance to return to Goliad and help there as best he could - the council be damned .
tr	O	Abby must have been worn out because she didn 't complain .
tr	I	Jacqueline was worried about her and hoped Carol could , somehow , from rebound the loss .
tr	I	We 've already started moving towards door the .
tr	I	Just tell me way which to go .
tr	O	Andrew left Aaron and Kevin to guard their seats and brought Neil with him to get their drinks .
tr	I	After the destruction had subsided , Ruby rested Tuesday for a few moments .
tr	I	As we closer got to Morgan , the gems sensed their creator and wanted to go to him , because they were destined to .
tr	O	But we both have to be using them at the same time .
tr	I	Lying there , before the wind , in the midst of the wind strangely the in midst of her , Mary seems to decide .
tr	O	He has a curious nature about him .
tr	O	I cannot shake the feeling that she is lying , so I am going to test this .
tr	O	Wade stood stunned with Sunny 's mouth pressed to his .
tr	O	Loans that had seemed like a godsend years ago were crippling him .
tr	I	I felt to sick my stomach .
tr	O	Once Sasha and Fury had some distance between them , the woman came over to her and Vane .
tr	O	Like he didn 't want me to feel smothered just because he had given himself to me .
tr	I	He reached out and offered the her second present .
tr	O	I dreamt I killed Josh .
tr	O	The day went by as slowly as sitting through Mrs. Wallace 's geometry class .
tr	I	Our favourite games are anything with and weapons zombies .
tr	I	It was the first thing he 'd said to her whole the trip .
tr	I	He was sure of love their .
tr	I	He turns away without acknowledging me , just as he 's for done the past couple of years .
tr	I	Matthew was starting to uneasy feel about the whole thing .
tr	I	You have to get me a to phone so I can call in to work .
tr	O	Do I look like the sort of person to appreciate ornaments ?
tr	O	She lost her smile .
tr	O	Unfortunately , such pleasures were for the passengers alone .
tr	O	I held back from saying that sounded like a great idea , and that maybe she needed to sleep for about a month or so .
tr	O	About to break through , Ivy holds and stares at me .
tr	O	It was the Day from Hell and the Night from Hell .
tr	O	She pointed at a talent show poster on the wall , which featured silhouettes of kids dancing a la the iPod ads .
tr	I	I suspect he 'd feel guilty we if had phone sex , which would set us back .
tr	O	Before entering the new camp I had slipped Bret 's shirt on .
tr	I	Why was he set so against her ?
tr	I	' Someone to tell where me to find my horse .
tr	I	I pulsed with and want I had to feel him .
tr	I	My mother and my father , both them of do .
tr	I	Distraction wasn 't the only I thing needed .
tr	O	Who ever thought this would be so much fun ?
tr	O	And as soon as his daughter left the room to congratulate Chewy on his hard work , the grandfather 's head collapsed forward .
tr	I	work up initial your thoughts , then get back to me in a few hours .
tr	O	I break into a run without an ounce of fear for my safety .
tr	I	I didn look 't at anyone .
tr	O	Sydney pulled out her phone .
tr	O	Not one bit of her was safe from the base of her jaw to the bottom of her feet .
tr	O	I clenched my jaw .
tr	I	He speaks me to and responds to the world around me .
tr	I	He stood there , staring up at the sky , until a familiar tingle spread through body his , warning him of dawn 's approach .
tr	O	The Inspector 's wingtips disappeared .
tr	O	Declan was wearing shorts , but had his shirt off .
tr	I	He always liked to come here to and sit think .
tr	O	Serena turns back to the next jar of sea urchins .
tr	O	My arms , which I 'd raised foolishly while imagining driving down the road , flop to my sides .
tr	O	The little tiny part was overshadowed by the knowledge that the world would be a better place without Morris Sinclair .
tr	I	I turned , seeing the father 's toppled glass , and a very nervous little boy staring at his 's father wet lap .
tr	O	There was still a chance they might be alive .
tr	I	I slid into the seat and my clicked seat belt into place .
tr	I	You actually do on acrobatics skis ?
tr	I	I wonder what I would in do his position .
tr	O	So they weren 't thinking of having a menage with her ?
tr	O	The hallucinations had ceased all together and though I had nightmares , they weren 't as frequent .
tr	O	He slammed him against the wall with enough force to crack the plaster .
tr	O	He 's been in lockup two dozen times .
tr	I	He opened his mouth to reply , closed but it again .
tr	I	Then , had she a guard literally throw me out on the street .
tr	O	That would hardly be new in the US Army .
tr	I	A figure before appeared her .
tr	I	What he is going to do with his time now ?
tr	O	She had done it ; she 'd distracted them from Benji .
tr	I	The reaction that was ensued disturbing to me also .
tr	I	I put my head down and drifted to back sleep .
tr	I	A chill runs up my spine when I hear behind footsteps me .
tr	O	At first she could barely hear what they were saying , but soon , as their voices got louder , she heard everything .
tr	I	I 'm sick of game this !
tr	O	For now , I 'll have to rely on the part of me that 's human .
tr	I	Lungs that breathed for five hundred years sputtered now dust .
tr	O	He 's the same as his father and his father 's father , and the King before that .
tr	O	We take comfortable patio seats , and right at noon a smiling middle aged woman approaches .
tr	O	A cup of coffee and a couple of protein bars served as breakfast and lunch .
tr	I	The engine revved far too high and too stayed long .
tr	I	The stepped sheriff around Captain Shaw and two feet from Nikolas .
tr	I	What do you think would happen if came we upon another patrol , or heaven forbid a full company of soldiers headed by a real officer ?
tr	I	I knew he had involved himself in the matter only of out instinct -- nothing more .
tr	O	I 'm going to prove to myself and to you that I can make it on my own .
tr	O	Do you expect me to curl up and die ? '
tr	I	Arizona lowered her voice to what she no doubt thought was a level confidential .
tr	O	Need to know the facts in case I want to leave him and remarry .
tr	O	Kara 's response was gentle , knowing Simon had already made sure Ginny 's future was secure .
tr	I	He did feel bad lying about to Conner , but he wouldn 't regret it .
tr	O	It could be that he was waiting for her to take the first step .
tr	O	Plants hung from high on the walls , blossoming tendrils falling like Rapunzel 's hair and releasing floral scents into the air .
tr	I	It was not to hard understand why the dreams had been as they were .
tr	O	Put aside your anger and your grief for a moment and imagine yourself in her shoes .
tr	O	Without any more hesitation , I swing my leg over the windowsill .
tr	I	I set a stack of aside files .
tr	I	Panic flared through Cassie 's eyes , but before she could protest , Julian seized hold of her arm bent and low to her ear .
tr	I	She tightened her squeeze emphasis for .
tr	I	He leaned his shoulder to the cart and , with a massive heave , got wagon the rolling again .
tr	O	He was going to turn the puzzle into 1500 pieces of flying , harmless cardboard .
tr	O	And I knew I had to leave this place before it claimed me forever .
tr	O	He was out of his suit today , dressed in khaki cotton pants and a white golf shirt .
tr	I	The desire to grab her and kiss her him consumed .
tr	O	Greta shivered , knowing who it was even as her eyes remained focused on the counter she was cleaning .
tr	O	Liz asked the waiter as she took a large drink of the whiskey sour he had brought for her .
tr	I	She me pushed aside and stood at the window .
tr	I	The shapeshifter was hard at work , slicing chicken for a dish particular .
tr	O	But the thought of people whispering behind her back or snickering when she walked into the room was enough to make her feel sick to her stomach .
tr	I	Harry breathed out a deep sigh relief of .
tr	I	He to appeared be all alone : separated from the friendlies in all the chaos .
tr	I	She focused on row after row of markers grave in the field nearby .
tr	O	Hanna didn 't miss Sean in the slightest , but it did hurt that he 'd chosen to date the girl she hated most .
tr	I	I don 't know whether to beat that in guy our shower or thank him .
tr	I	Unless someone has information that .
tr	O	And then my mother was there , pushing past Bex , pulling me from my aunt 's arms and into her own .
tr	O	I look at Grace , and the high grass littered with the wounded and the dead .
tr	I	Avoiding twice-daily trips the to convenience store for large sodas was helping significantly as well .
tr	I	Once I 'm inside , I crawl into bed and pray sleep for .
tr	O	He shook his head and looked at his brother .
tr	O	Seconds later , she climbed onto the back of the snowmobile and wrapped her arms around my waist .
tr	O	And then I heard the low hum .
tr	O	He gave up the fight and stabbed his fingers into her silky hair .
tr	O	She looked annoyed with herself .
tr	O	' I 'll be no good to you like this Daisy , ' he said .
tr	O	Chapter 13 Chasing a Comet Jenny watched out of the window of the Traveler .
tr	I	She glanced up as he walked through gate the .
tr	I	The second part said was very confidentially but the girl would say no more .
tr	O	So , not a perfect swing .
tr	I	There were Mystery Village evenings and live theater and Great the Pumpkin Festival .
tr	I	His is face ageless .
tr	O	Slowly she reached for the phone on the nightstand and lifted it to her ear .
tr	I	For that matter how can the cat feel you petting it when you don have 't a body ?
tr	I	The other man had I never met before .
tr	I	She 'd feared her feelings for him been had shining in her eyes .
tr	I	And did he her expect to hand over complete control of her body to him ?
tr	O	Her voice may have quieted over the years , but the passion in her expression when she 'd looked at him hadn 't diminished .
tr	I	His father arrived today , at alarmed my news .
tr	O	To his right , back toward Rachel 's , the gully opened wide , flat and level for a hundred yards or more and completely empty .
tr	I	The gems colored stood for the three smaller spheres .
tr	I	Very few use travelers the path to the mountain and so it was overgrown in many places .
tr	O	We were given a wet sandwich and allowed to urinate behind the bus , still chained and bound .
tr	I	I amnesia have and every now and then , memories return to me .
tr	O	That left him in cargo pants and a tight black t-shirt with a leather shoulder holster .
tr	O	The drapes were still closed , but it was clearly daylight Outside .
tr	I	He crumpled quickly the paper into a small ball and tossed it with the his earlier attempts .
tr	O	My steps were slow and measured as I inched forward and raised the bat high , at head level , ready to bash .
tr	I	It made greedy her for him now .
tr	O	After a pause the same two tones were repeated and then again and again .
tr	O	The gentle abrasion of skin against skin aroused him still more .
tr	I	I locked my front then door turned to face him .
tr	O	He stood up and walked over to the desk clerk .
tr	O	I laughed as the old woman stuffed more and more food for us to take home .
tr	O	Now it was Father Joseph 's turn to be out of patience .
tr	I	Barr 's house visible was from Mike 's front yard .
tr	I	Maybe even Barrymore -- the old doctor Scottish owed him a favour for dropping him into all of this .
tr	I	Reason receded as my instinct over took .
tr	I	Funny actually , thought Emma , because most of the cat 's she 'd met acted superior to humans .
tr	O	Never mind that the messenger knew how badly she wanted this .
tr	I	Adam walked to the far corner of bar the , moving slowly around the crowds gathered so as not to spill the drink in his hand .
tr	I	Katie put the finishing touches on the prep work for the evening shift and peeled off thin the plastic gloves she wore when dealing with the food .
tr	I	Steve to thinks himself , this is one of those teachers who don 't got no control over her class !
tr	O	You need help that I can 't give .
tr	I	And Diggs could be any home second now .
tr	O	I didn 't know it was possible to care for someone like this who wasn 't my betrothed .
tr	I	Those are your options two .
tr	O	Then you 'll stop and it will be just like it was before .
tr	O	When she 'd died years ago , he 'd stormed around the compound for a month before settling down .
tr	O	The car came to a stop next to a tree , which drooped over the creek .
tr	O	He followed Bricker 's glance expectantly to the open door across from them .
tr	O	She braced herself at every meeting , his determination to be alone with her making her decidedly uncomfortable .
tr	I	Chase even had doing problems some of the dirty work .
tr	O	At that signal several of the inmates moved to behind a thick velvet curtain at the back of the stage area .
tr	O	He cleared off a section of Simon 's desk and laid the box and letter down .
tr	O	She took his hand , this time more firmly and made eye contact .
tr	O	Jennie just sat contentedly watching the flames flicker .
tr	O	I wasn 't scared ever .
tr	I	Either woman had him heard enter .
tr	O	I stuffed my books into my bag , put my coat on , and headed toward the campus café to meet Finn .
tr	O	I glanced at Reid and shrugged .
tr	O	I didn 't know all the answers and was bound to stumble , but that didn 't matter .
tr	I	As I grabbed a pair of from shorts the drawer , I heard Amelia call my name from her room .
tr	I	Guy turned respectfully away .
tr	O	Only just realizing someone has entered the store she offers her customary greeting .
tr	I	My voice and cracks I swallow .
tr	I	The older man politely nods at the group and goes to sit by himself at one of the small tables at the front window .
tr	I	I stared at the ragged of stump his neck .
tr	I	He smiled just thinking about the glamorous character cartoon , and then his eyes settled on the woman named Sam , and his smile died .
tr	O	It would work because no one knew what the aliens looked like .
tr	O	It was one of those hairdos with the braid miraculously inside-out .
tr	I	Now I change strategy my .
tr	O	Keeping Barton content was going to be a challenge .
tr	I	My heart trembled with at hope the possibility .
tr	I	She crossed her arms and at glared him .
tr	I	She pressed the heels of her hands her to eyes .
tr	I	Mom Dad pats on the knee .
tr	O	Sparrows eat seeds , but owls prefer mice .
tr	O	He was then able to free his right hand with his left and yanked the tape from his ankles .
tr	I	Jamie 's eyes widened while Isabella turned an accusatory on glare her sister .
tr	O	The men weren 't armed .
tr	I	Yet as unexpected as Marcus had been , his presence somehow felt right perfectly .
tr	O	Both of Mason 's hands are on the table , but I pat his leg gently in thanks .
tr	I	It brought back me to the weekend we 'd spent together at the beach .
tr	O	But what could he say ?
tr	O	She was in love with him too .
tr	I	Bride stared him at in disbelief .
tr	I	A faint color stained her cheeks , but her eyes own darkened with a smoldering need .
tr	O	After an hour of emptiness , she gave up .
tr	O	He would never have hurt a living soul .
tr	I	He just didn 't seem the type of man do to something so horrendous .
tr	O	She held out her hand .
tr	O	I hadn 't wanted a reminder .
tr	I	I guess I wasn 't thinking maybe or just wanting to have him stay around .
tr	I	Now the two sat books side by side in our bedroom , our most prized possessions .
tr	O	Then the car was in motion and we were back on the highway .
tr	I	Oh , hell , she 't didn know what to believe anymore .
tr	I	His olive turned skin bone white as he processed her response .
tr	O	Now I have the Lord of the Fairies fixed on me and I fear for our safety .
tr	I	It seemed to cover him from to head toe like a suffocating wool blanket .
tr	O	The times when Father looks at me and says , ' You were worse . '
tr	O	I glanced around the room , so as not to have to look at Gideon .
tr	O	Dax obeys my order .
tr	I	Where did he get saying off that to me ?
tr	O	A satisfied nod before addressing the solicitor again .
tr	I	Sam handed me the ice pack and I grimaced , setting it beside me and not placing it the on newest claw marks .
tr	I	But Melissa took a deep breath and let herself stop fighting the cacophony voices of .
tr	O	' Not quite yet .
tr	O	I 'm sure Dad had come up with a story to explain me being late .
tr	I	Now she what realised her nausea and giddiness meant .
tr	O	My heart would hammer as I walked through the silent house to open the back door for my mother .
tr	I	He snorted playfully and nudged her with a knee .
tr	I	For some reason , the fire alarm 't didn sound .
tr	O	The braves got up and stretched and then walked down to the river .
tr	I	Lord Brogan , aware Adele of 's scrutiny , was in turn inspecting her .
tr	O	It felt right to distinguish myself in some way when I assumed the title .
tr	O	She turned to Jason , needing some kind of confirmation , some indication of what he was thinking .
tr	O	He hinted that there was a clear up in progress and he wanted to enforce internal discipline at the station .
tr	I	He went over to his slam door shut .
tr	O	I lean toward her .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure if she despised the ruler of Second Earth or really liked her .
tr	I	That determination is her characteristic dominant .
tr	I	He to motioned the women .
tr	I	The weirdest thing in the was room the difference in the amount of violence involved .
tr	O	What had we been pulled into ?
tr	I	He pulled them to up her waist and ( after a few more opportune kisses ) zipped them up , buttoned them , and buckled her belt .
tr	I	She wanted her old back life .
tr	I	The same thing for fresh herbs which they would be also growing .
tr	O	Miranda drew in a shaky breath .
tr	O	Then in 2015 , the separation became literal and the protest remained .
tr	O	Apart from , say , the average voter .
tr	I	He carries no weapon , which leads me to believe he be must strong in magic .
tr	I	Vin let go of the coin to her left still while Pushing to her right .
tr	I	Mistral can rest here in the magic faerie of .
tr	I	I need to Quinn get .
tr	O	The ground had become the white level field she dreaded and she bent forward to see the edge of the road .
tr	I	Wainwright pointed to slim a , old volume lying on the writing desk .
tr	I	Eventually a concerned Loretta boarded John 's yacht and forced her to up get and eat .
tr	I	Something took him over then , a feeling deep of release .
tr	O	This is a war ship after all .
tr	O	Agent Fuji tented her fingers .
tr	O	The tour climbed higher , listening to their guide and also shuffling their feet over the stone steps .
tr	O	Lucas asked , taking another sip of the pink concoction .
tr	O	She looked down at me with cold grey eyes .
tr	O	This man knew how to kiss .
tr	O	He narrows his eyes at me , aware that I just trapped him .
tr	O	One , he killed instantly .
tr	I	An image returned to me with such jarring clarity I felt I had been struck in the face a with photograph .
tr	O	His hearing was unbelievably keen .
tr	O	Seth didn 't respond for a long moment , and then he tipped the side of head back against the bars and let out a weary sigh .
tr	I	Cindy her shakes head .
tr	O	It was late and she was tired .
tr	I	What 's past is past and no to need trample over bad ground .
tr	I	He thrust his hand into her tangled and hair held her almost desperately close .
tr	I	You just act and everyone around you killed gets .
tr	O	But once at Chelyabinsk 88 , he claimed to be just one of the cruise ship 's electricians .
tr	O	Amanda had no choice but to wait in the bed .
tr	I	He strode the into shop .
tr	I	When the sun sets down to rest are you in the west .
tr	O	Rage flared inside him , and the urge to snap the man 's neck was intense , but Damen made himself ignore it .
tr	I	If she was about to turn crazy on me , I going was to fight back .
tr	I	He had no connection to the child he so could not sense her .
tr	O	It looked very much like the entry point of a bullet .
tr	I	There no was forgiveness in his eyes .
tr	O	Finally he seemed to collect himself with some effort .
tr	I	New flowers are placed on the tables , and remaining the patrons resume their meals .
tr	O	He started to get out of the truck .
tr	I	Something washed out and blue out looked of my polished brown eyes .
tr	I	He couldn 't handle the stress of worrying about a significant other , especially during winter the .
tr	O	When a brief lull came in the conversation she turned to Mathew and said .
tr	I	' Jesus is what wrong with the female population .
tr	I	He 'd pay for that one later , assured Kelly herself .
tr	O	Nikki shook her head .
tr	O	I find Logan inside sitting Indian style , reading a book .
tr	I	Allie tried to imagine waiting for a billion years , couldn but 't .
tr	O	She couldn 't even remember going back to bed .
tr	I	Julia walked into kitchen the and I brought my finger to my lips , motioning for her to be quiet .
tr	I	He hung his head , gasping as entire his body pulsed with need .
tr	I	I said , throwing question the right back at him .
tr	O	All gods and mortals have drawn away from you .
tr	I	This was Race the who had taken on a gangster and won .
tr	I	Clearly , she felt belittled and didn 't it like .
tr	I	The Angel looked the at sisters with understanding .
tr	O	This had to be done .
tr	I	Nails dug deep , flesh tearing .
tr	I	A few sets of eyes were her watching , especially when Razia sauntered up to the bar and sat down .
tr	O	He 's barely eating .
tr	O	He stops an arm 's length from me .
tr	O	He has that calculating look on his face again .
tr	I	To have turned the car over driven or directly into the ditch would have been fatal .
tr	I	I paid just for them .
tr	O	I smiled at the both of them .
tr	O	The ache returned as I thought about facing class without Dank .
tr	O	She had learnt that this condition was not considered life-threatening , but he had remained unconscious ever since being admitted .
tr	O	After a half hour of tense silence , Filippo Cavalier came in .
tr	O	No notes are taken at the conference and decisions are passed back to departments by word of mouth .
tr	I	After dinner wandered she into the guest room .
tr	I	He yearned to help him didn but 't know what he could do .
tr	O	I wondered if his bedroom was similarly armed , and figured that it probably was .
tr	O	He laughed a great rolling laugh , put down his axe and came forward .
tr	I	He gave a nod pretended and to be enthralled by the foul dance going on around him .
tr	I	He growled and his hold on tightened her .
tr	O	She smiled and pulled a hairpin from her teeth , ramming it into the tight coil at the base of her neck .
tr	I	He pushed his finger against the glass , where one of the stars closer -- or bigger , he couldn 't tell -- resided .
tr	I	I heard a and beep then he was gone .
tr	I	My thoughts were a whirlwind as we set up and started the set first .
tr	I	Mitch nodded in agreement , thought but of Tammy and Elvis and wondered why Lomax told him that story .
tr	I	I just to wanted check on you .
tr	I	It 's not just me either , I 've heard that people other are fed up with how they 've been treated by Flamingo Sweets .
tr	I	The was weather bad and the roads weren 't much better .
tr	O	When I touched Miranda 's mind , I got complete silence back .
tr	O	Two : The decorative pools of lava , while quite atmospheric , are a clear health hazard .
tr	I	The metallic , staggered voice echoed in marble the chamber .
tr	O	Some of them are flattened .
tr	I	And know you what ?
tr	O	I attempt to convince myself of just that .
tr	I	They come to me in troubling and unwelcome visions just before would I open my eyes .
tr	O	Not if it meant lying to her .
tr	I	Her shot eyebrows up .
tr	I	He wasn 't smiling , and the was room still silent .
tr	O	I agreed , eager to finally know something .
tr	I	She gave a him look .
tr	O	Not only was she a fairy , but she was powerful one .
tr	O	Perhaps it was time to enhance their bond .
tr	I	In those cases though the always heroine got a happy ending .
tr	O	Yet is it always right to open the stable door knowing that the mare may fall at the hurdles in the fields beyond ?
tr	O	By the time they 'd left the pub , the first workers were leaving early shifts .
tr	O	He was dangerously near the edge of the cliff .
tr	I	I don 't see any children the like first time we came here .
tr	O	They had been walking for another half-hour when Saira began to speak .
tr	I	Do we jump ship , make our way across France , and hope someone takes us back America to ?
tr	I	I watched as Owen turned phone his on , which was bizarre because he never had his phone turned off .
tr	O	But I wasn 't .
tr	I	Most would people have panicked .
tr	I	The pages almost were falling out , loose pieces of paper hanging over the edges .
tr	O	You know she 's always offering .
tr	I	Tomorrow going was to be a busy day .
tr	O	It was all so unpredictable one day to the next and nobody knew where you were going or where to find you .
tr	O	I rested my head on his chest .
tr	I	Instead of heading back towards the ranch , Billy inched way his slowly towards the lip of the draw .
tr	I	She thought herself to .
tr	O	Then he tosses another pellet with less force .
tr	I	I hear can her voice .
tr	O	He wondered briefly how much of his conversation with Wakeman had been picked up by the balance of the Corps .
tr	O	And I swear to God , it broke me as well .
tr	I	I believe life for is the living .
tr	I	And I said that one night this guy had come in and me asked about a horse .
tr	O	She did try hard , however , to convince herself that that wasn 't suspicion in his eyes .
tr	I	If he had struggled not to die , that too would unknown be forever .
tr	O	Jake held my hand as we walked to his truck .
tr	O	6 Someone was screaming his name .
tr	O	She said it in a playful tone , but Henry felt as thought there was a growing respect for his ability in her voice .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure , but when he himself had refused , he guessed that Maryellen might have given Tisha the down payment for her Prius .
tr	I	All he could feel was pain , all he could was see black .
tr	I	The scent led me several away blocks .
tr	I	As if he , too , to wanted remember how things used to be between us .
tr	I	The rest of us followed suit and climbed in 's Eden banana colored SUV .
tr	O	His eyes were shrewd , intelligent .
tr	I	She could see a faint resemblance to her uncle around Tanto the chin .
tr	I	If not for the abandoned BMW , might he have convinced himself he was alone .
tr	O	Amory seemed to know exactly where he was going and I tried to trust him , but remained skeptical .
tr	O	' It 's Sarah ... , you do remember Sarah don 't you ? '
tr	I	' They have arrive to sometime .
tr	I	she asked , thinking back to her lessons at community the center .
tr	I	How they had half-heartedly raised swords their against her .
tr	I	The guard who takes me up to office the gets off as soon as he 's done with me .
tr	O	The shadows stretched across the room , gathering in corners and darkened until she could barely see the room around her .
tr	O	The cool night air washed over my face , stinging the cuts and scrapes I received while running blindly through the woods .
tr	I	They like looked lawyers , or some other serious type of profession that demanded they wear matching black suits .
tr	I	Pushing forward , with a sigh of relief , I into walk the house .
tr	I	Thanks to Brooke , he 'd the learned importance of enjoying life along the way .
tr	O	Something had brought Faye downtown , and Josie would be forever grateful .
tr	O	She 'd saved him , thinking he was more important .
tr	O	Well , maybe Caroline wouldn 't .
tr	O	Jason nearly gagged at the smell of rotting flesh as a result .
tr	O	I was glad Monty was with Charlotte , but I could have used his insight and encouragement .
tr	I	Grant started Ihad for my truck when I noticed Rush 's Range Rover .
tr	I	Cloud to looked Vincent .
tr	I	* * Tomorrow * .
tr	I	Detective Callum walks me away from parents my towards the jail cells .
tr	O	Pop 's never cursed at me like this before .
tr	I	He sounded almost lonely .
tr	I	That my was Sienna .
tr	I	As he waited for the others , he looked up at the majesty sheer of the slowly turning tower , each floor revolving independently of the others .
tr	I	It wasn going 't very well , anyway .
tr	O	Chapter Eleven Katie was fighting for her life .
tr	O	Across the street I could see into another home where a meal was being placed .
tr	I	That didn stop 't him from thinking about her , however .
tr	I	Listen , into come the sacristy with me while I change .
tr	O	There was an audible gasp .
tr	O	Nick shook his head , sighing deeply .
tr	I	he asked a with gentle smile .
tr	I	Johnson 's radio buzzed and voice his became muffled as he lowered it to speak .
tr	I	The young lady dropped to her knees and cupped hands her together .
tr	O	Now , I 'll be mother .
tr	O	What kind of weapons do you have ?
tr	O	I 'd forgotten all about him . '
tr	I	Being a vampire hadn made 't her immune to human weakness like fear .
tr	O	We gave them Fire , enabling them to go to cooler regions , far beyond the climes to which they were confined in early times .
tr	O	Hiro looked at the key and saw how it was dark metal with thin parts wrapped around it .
tr	O	Never had he taken an afternoon off of work to play poker .
tr	O	The overpowering combination of my two oldest brothers ' pressure and West and Ethan urging me to accept Dad 's offer edges me toward insanity .
tr	O	She leaned too and cast a wary eye at the Foreman as if he could see them .
tr	I	Mitch across raked two handfuls and began crunching .
tr	O	He said the director is just blowing off steam .
tr	I	God , she was making such fool a of herself .
tr	I	He always had been my navigator .
tr	O	Only later did I realize how easy it was to take things for granted .
tr	I	Anne voice 's rose to a shriek .
tr	O	A horrific aftertaste burned in the back of his throat and he gagged .
tr	O	The man smiled and picked up Philip 's case .
tr	I	Except for a lot squealing of , nothing happened ; the bus continued at top speed -- right toward the high school .
tr	I	You chose me the moment decided you I was different from the rest .
tr	O	The barman rummaged around the bar underneath and pulled out an old dusty bottle .
tr	O	Micah sat cross-legged on the ground , watching avidly .
tr	I	His teammates held so little regard for him he didn 't even have the dubious of honor being dead last .
tr	I	Why hadn 't she noticed him and the before car ?
tr	O	I held my breath as she then ran her fingers over her cl * t before circling them around me again .
tr	I	She 's a sweet lady and I understand her sentimental tears but it was a still little awkward .
tr	I	I awfully was depressed and angry .
tr	I	The honesty part was probably going to be harder Emma for than taking off her clothes .
tr	I	He barked order an to Lisa and closed the door .
tr	O	From a potential goddess ?
tr	O	Pandora placed her hand near one of the vicious bite wounds above Dante 's shoulder .
tr	I	And you deserve smile to .
tr	O	I shot him in the face , and put another shot just above that one .
tr	O	Tears were nothing more than a weapon in a woman 's arsenal .
tr	O	Chapter Three Any girl who says she doesn 't keep a list of best kisses ever is lying .
tr	I	I release the table from my death grip , trying to clear the anger of out my head .
tr	I	Jack jumps up and walks around the booth , giving me a hug quick .
tr	I	The last of which kind of terrifies her a bit , so she avoids spot that .
tr	I	Before I knew what he doing was , he lifted the back of my shirt and inhaled sharply .
tr	O	It was not planned .
tr	O	I didn 't care .
tr	O	The younger Ingram was trim and fit , with pretty features and dishwater blonde hair cropped super short .
tr	O	Little by little Fuchs was implementing the Faith 's social structure to the letter .
tr	O	This was due to the room itself being another two sizes larger and taller than the corridor .
tr	I	None in the hall spoke against the 's King decision .
tr	I	Deaths that could mean the second member of the Garde has defeated been .
tr	I	Julian to went the bedroom to change .
tr	O	With hesitation , I stepped out of its protection and onto the grassy plains of the Brute tribe .
tr	I	Becca in returned under fifteen minutes .
tr	O	Me doing it gave them some sense to their lives .
tr	O	India did a fist pump into the air as I remained silent .
tr	I	Something on the console beeped as she supplies stuffed into a duffle .
tr	I	So maybe you understand 'll .
tr	I	Tara almost lived at here one time .
tr	I	The only way to indulge that curiosity was to give in her to feelings .
tr	I	You can be assigned him to .
tr	I	Maries stands and clears her throat in front of the map , her smoothing vest , not smiling .
tr	I	He said something about a citrus and bouquet a late harvest .
tr	I	His voice was so low and soft , she could hear barely him .
tr	O	Then he had this chronic sinus problem .
tr	O	It was a genuine smile , however , the first one I 've meant to do this whole day .
tr	I	Then again , given the chance to go to Europe , the girl average would have probably chosen London or Paris or Rome .
tr	O	Which was why he 'd doubled back to flatten the deputy 's tires .
tr	I	They were going too fast the ; rock wall too sheer and too high .
tr	O	Only in the end of his story , the girl had died .
tr	I	She turned then back around and looked at Jimmy .
tr	O	We did as we were told and sat down .
tr	O	She squeaked and tried to pull away .
tr	I	So that 's what the stupid Smurf was question about .
tr	O	Cassidy lay on her stomach , her white dress torn and streaked with dirt and blood .
tr	I	I could on stagger now .
tr	O	That actually makes me smile .
tr	I	Maybe I needed to give her chance a , get to know her better .
tr	I	She tried to remember what happened had but couldn 't .
tr	O	After parking the car , Eve climbed out of the driver 's seat and joined the others .
tr	I	She curled into ball fetal even though she knew she could not protect herself .
tr	O	She couldn 't charge it any more than she could drive her car to work .
tr	O	Either answer would tell me a lot about how long grief lasted , how long I would have to endure the misery of having lost Lucas .
tr	I	With a gasp she pulled back to regard with him a guarded unease .
tr	O	Nigel pulled Emma into the room and closed the door .
tr	I	She to tried please him and his brother .
tr	O	I buss the distillation of thy warm , sugared lips .
tr	I	I blinked as a few strands in got my eyes , and felt her get to her feet .
tr	I	' She 's positively blossomed we since made her over .
tr	I	He didn 't walk in on his mother and find her with another man and then be screamed at go to away .
tr	O	He needed to satisfy her needs .
tr	I	It looked like a kid , probably 10 or years 11 old .
tr	I	I hated the thought of walking all the way back upstairs and pounding once again his on door .
tr	I	Alex gasped , her balling breath in her throat .
tr	I	He stroked and tweaked her to nipple urge her on .
tr	I	His body stopped tears .
tr	I	Rows of rowdy bars and seedy nightclubs created a garish palette on wet the concrete .
tr	I	The was woman unconquerable .
tr	I	For the first in time his life he felt complete .
tr	I	The Mercedes parked was in front .
tr	I	He captured her head with the back of his hand , holding her in place while thrust he his tongue inside her mouth .
tr	O	She knew that she had some money in her apartment and she wanted to take it and then take the first train to leave Warsaw .
tr	O	Honest to God felt the blood rise in my face blush .
tr	I	Pain lanced her through .
tr	I	I look down at her and can 't but help smile .
tr	I	Want to more know about Perrin Briar 's books ?
tr	I	She didn 't resemble Mia father 's in any way .
tr	I	She wished for a distraction , something to take heat the off her .
tr	O	Unlike the package addressed to her in the hospital , this was to her address .
tr	I	Her strength was there for to all see .
tr	I	I 'd like to retract my previous statement that could people not get tipsy on other people .
tr	O	A subject he couldn 't dismiss at the moment .
tr	I	Her body arched into him before she think could , much less stop herself .
tr	I	I could lie down and close my eyes I ; 'm almost tired enough to sleep .
tr	I	He extends claw a , and the insect leaves its inspection of my cheek to light on his fingertips .
tr	I	He could recognize descendant the of a colonizer , for he was a colonizer himself .
tr	I	But everything else is riot a of different colors .
tr	I	Julia gestured to the magazine , completely unable to her finish sentence , certainly incapable of walking twenty feet to a newsstand to buy her own copy .
tr	O	It had been much the same in the neighborhood in which Diego had grown up , so he understood what was going on .
tr	I	Since we haven 't identified crime a scene or the victims , it 's possible he exaggerated the violence .
tr	O	As it turned it tore me out of her arms , lifting me up and up .
tr	O	He closed his eyes and inhaled the aroma .
tr	O	She stopped chewing and got that worried wrinkle between her eyebrows that boldly stated tell me more .
tr	I	She was just an girl ordinary , only maybe extraordinarily stupid .
tr	I	Hazel flashed him a smile quick .
tr	O	I looked to Lena ; she were smiling , but it weren 't one of her big wide smiles that I got .
tr	O	I sat up once again in my chair .
tr	I	He supposed they once were brought in for questioning and their statements taken , many of them would be free to go .
tr	O	After only two or more steps the killer would be but a fleeting memory .
tr	I	We suited got up .
tr	I	Seconds , hours , and days something were he had learned to treasure .
tr	O	This might be where we want to put our village .
tr	O	You are very white Solomon ; very white indeed , your skin is as white as your robes .
tr	O	I wanted his body touching mine .
tr	O	Her eyes still captured by his .
tr	O	I had a quick look around to make sure no one was looking .
tr	I	How he could have survived ?
tr	O	The water stung in a euphoric and painful way .
tr	I	Paul didn 't know well Madoc .
tr	O	But it was like Aly 's entire family had settled into the memory , too .
tr	O	Being part of the exalted council , Lisa , Cindy and Vanessa shared prestigious seats on the altar .
tr	O	She flipped the card over and jotted down an address .
tr	O	Kirstie almost jolted off on her face into the dirt .
tr	O	I have a betrayal to overcome and it 's going to take a lot of random purchases before I feel better .
tr	I	She stared down at the creature , and stared it right back .
tr	O	Oliver was in the newspaper office for a reason ; she could only pray it had nothing to do with fruitcake .
tr	O	Everyone smiled and laughed as they trekked to the closet .
tr	O	She decided to bring her attention to the change of scenery before her eyes .
tr	I	One or two robots of both looked sexes quite inviting .
tr	I	Yves his shook head , confused .
tr	I	She wanted to me drop to my knees and rub across him .
tr	O	Now my need had gone into another realm completely .
tr	O	But Eleanor had awakened something inside Hart , an excitement he 'd not felt before or since .
tr	I	He looked around and scuffed through old the bones .
tr	O	He swallowed hard before continuing .
tr	O	It howled through the trees surrounding the city , forcing attention away from any noise but its own .
tr	O	She took a deep breath .
tr	I	Sabine could hear screams coming a from distance .
tr	O	Knocked the gun from his hand .
tr	I	He curled in himself on .
tr	O	My fingers wove into his sandy colored hair , and I smiled as he rested his head on my chest .
tr	O	So , as it stands , Baris number one and three knew of each other , and number two knew of number three .
tr	O	the little girl asked as she walked in and sat down on the other side of the mutt .
tr	O	Hugo sat down and looked thoughtfully out of the window .
tr	I	That made Bradley 's probable most hypothesis of the Unknowns putting the books in their backpacks unlikely .
tr	O	She never took off the charms that shielded her mind .
tr	O	I have thought of you often over the turns , wondered if you were well .
tr	I	I like felt a traitor .
tr	I	He entered carrying this silver long chain .
tr	I	You have a fabulous venue and people are flexible more than you think .
tr	O	A dead milky eye watched us through a hole .
tr	I	They were swearing an of oath dedication to the Devil Spirit of the underworld .
tr	O	Before he could touch her , Lacey immediately stepped out of his reach .
tr	O	she cried , with shrieks of laughter .
tr	I	Theoretically as anyway she 'd never had actually needed to .
tr	O	So what am I asking and do I have proof ?
tr	I	Outside , the sandstorm hit , the howling wind with anger at being denied entrance .
tr	O	He 's still get his arm pressed against the wound so I can 't get a clear look at it .
tr	O	She looked up at me .
tr	O	She was merely one of many .
tr	O	Mildred took another sip of her drink .
tr	O	He couldn 't allow that to happen again .
tr	I	The other reason was that she worked so much that she had rarely time to spend at trendier locations .
tr	O	It was an awesome responsibility but it was also an honor no one but no one of her kind would have .
tr	O	All around him were fields and trees -- not a single person in sight .
tr	O	She had been forced to be brave .
tr	O	I sighed and dropped my arms onto my lap .
tr	I	I drove the to hospital .
tr	O	Grab some of the boys and beat it over to the Veal mill .
tr	I	They want to go someplace else some -- place normal .
tr	O	It all makes perfect sense .
tr	O	They say the McGill is the devil 's own pet hound that chewed through its leash , and escaped .
tr	I	Two years before , one of Mike 's friends good , Moon Calloway , had been killed in the bar .
tr	O	I really needed to pee and the door for the bathroom was right next to them , I felt intimidated .
tr	I	Lily stumbled a bit at sound the of his assurance , then quickly recovered and moved forward .
tr	I	As walked they towards the palace Andy heard a terrible din coming from inside .
tr	O	Derek opened his eyes .
tr	I	I think 'll about it .
tr	O	I hissed at him .
tr	I	The thought of father my in Paragon thrills me .
tr	I	She couldn 't imagine from emerging this ordeal as if it had never happened .
tr	I	The man blubbering was incoherently to his court of rejects .
tr	I	She seated herself the in chair between the two elderly ladies .
tr	I	There were lots of other details hadn he 't noticed - like the emergency escape hatch in the domed ceiling of the lab .
tr	I	' Like a knight , ' Red cried heartily .
tr	I	We were taught that the factions were formed to solve a problem , the of problem our flawed natures .
tr	I	They even hung out more twice at the piano bar -- both times alone , because Maurice declined .
tr	I	He 'd much done for her , offered her pleasure and escape over the difficult last years .
tr	O	They lived here in Salem during the witch trials .
tr	I	We walked , crawled and slithered on our stomachs until last at we saw a glimmer of light .
tr	O	Blue was not only kind to him , but actually seemed to get along with him .
tr	O	he said , making his way over to the ship 's rail .
tr	I	Not after killing before and realizing that it had in been vain .
tr	I	His master had sent him a after girl .
tr	O	And we ourselves will be sufficiently grateful to you to help .
tr	O	What was wrong with her ?
tr	I	Picking up toys the along way , she went to the kitchen and poured two cups of coffee .
tr	I	I wondered what they had done day all .
tr	I	Then there 's the I note found scribbled on a photocopy of a doll .
tr	I	I see his beautiful black hair freshly swept back with the track marks from the comb still in it , eyes brilliant like sapphires .
tr	O	Then Armstrong aimed at Dmitri .
tr	I	With scream a , the man was thrust backward onto the floor where he writhed in pain .
tr	I	' Try this one , ' the American returning said with a blue Squire Stratocaster .
tr	I	He was certain quite that Lush would have inquired about her .
tr	I	A stop one shop .
tr	O	Tench moved his eyes towards the guard and then towards to Julie .
tr	I	In that case , I still 'd look only fifty-eight .
tr	O	The arrow snaps in two .
tr	O	Mat emerged from the office .
tr	I	An sound irritated slipping from his lips , Cullen moved around the bed to help .
tr	I	Xander eyes 's were huge as he confirmed her words with a nod .
tr	I	Hundreds of the black creatures invaded have the mountains .
tr	O	It 's a throwing knife .
tr	O	In spite of her refusal , Paris could sense the arousal in her aura .
tr	O	He did not back down .
tr	O	The scent of his cologne washed over me , and my knees went weak .
tr	O	They had never worked for her .
tr	I	Like Crystal name 's , it fit her precisely , as pristine and refined as a fine diamond .
tr	I	It felt as if someone were jabbing a red needle hot between his eyes .
tr	I	The name vaguely sounded familiar , but he couldn 't place it .
tr	O	Then she heard a soft chuckle .
tr	O	He had the power to make me helpless , so there was no way of fighting back .
tr	O	Really , what was the use ?
tr	O	The hallway is empty but I can still hear noises .
tr	O	He was still in park .
tr	I	I accepted it because it was job your .
tr	O	Seven and my mouth was open , a silent cry echoing through me .
tr	O	Someone would find out eventually , and what then ?
tr	I	A surge of sudden and anger irrational shot through me .
tr	I	She the secured upper curly - wavy mass into the clip .
tr	O	asked Gardener , stepping out of the kitchen .
tr	O	Relief washed through Carmine , rinsing away his unnerving fear .
tr	I	Mrs. Mercer carried tumblers of water to the table while Mr. Mercer a uncorked bottle of wine and poured two glasses .
tr	O	And what 's your name ? '
tr	O	Two more officers came running in .
tr	I	He 'd make sure that of .
tr	O	The gnawing sensation in Cale 's gut immediately intensified in response to her scent .
tr	I	He back came out holding something covered with a cloth .
tr	O	It suddenly hit me then that we made it .
tr	I	Maybe I can get a witch who will up pull only memories before the day she traded her life for mine .
tr	O	Or maybe it was oxygen deprivation .
tr	O	Then his hand was between her thighs .
tr	O	My dad hasn 't hit me yet or anything , but I 'm afraid of him , just like when I was a child .
tr	I	I am thirsty beyond , but I don 't want to be the first one to take a drink of the precious commodity .
tr	O	said the Chair of Indefinite Studies .
tr	O	Once she 's bound , I lift her , placing her on my jacket .
tr	I	Annoyed with herself , forced she the comparison away .
tr	I	She looked intensely relieved when she saw the assortment of food on Clare plate 's .
tr	I	People think they 're of tears joy .
tr	O	Here , reddish dust rose in tiny puffs with each footfall , and the scent of pine was sharp .
tr	O	Normally the three of us were pretty inconspicuous in the crowded cafeteria , but today it seemed everyone was looking our way .
tr	I	Zoey in stared shock -- it had happened so fast -- she didn 't even have time to react .
tr	O	Melrose stays at the manor , keeping an eye on the doors .
tr	I	I stepped back from the and door took several shallow breaths .
tr	I	She the called others .
tr	I	They call the that end of ' Phase One ' .
tr	O	If you 're going to dump me , don 't fucking touch me .
tr	I	The nodded class in agreement as George 's eyes widened in disbelief .
tr	O	I wanted the council of my family .
tr	O	I don 't like to pry .
tr	O	He was one of the holy angels .
tr	I	They are more than a little and cryptic well-nigh inaccessible to outsiders .
tr	O	A blush spread across Esme 's cheeks , and her floral scent filled the air around him and seemed to seep into him .
tr	O	Turns out the Feds have been watching him for months because they think he 's involved in illegal arms dealing ( the normal kind ) .
tr	O	He stopped to stare at her .
tr	O	He knew for certain that they were alive .
tr	O	One of your Earth friends has her ear continually to the Creator 's mouth .
tr	O	They cannot either help or hinder .
tr	I	' You guys invented Rock ' n ' Roll , ' said Johnny .
tr	O	the chaplain asked , still looking like he wasn 't in any hurry .
tr	O	Officer Taylor called into the radio .
tr	O	Ray grabbed the net and a gaff , not knowing what kind of fish it was .
tr	I	The tigress her in was certainly running rampant today .
tr	I	What did he want to me say ?
tr	O	We reached the Friday before Thanksgiving break without incident and Jules and I felt a lot better about the note by then .
tr	O	You 're a very strange woman , Madame .
tr	O	We 'd had to hire several extra people , all carefully chosen by Clark , and I was still getting used to the new faces .
tr	I	I need to go -- ba I need to go into the cave .
tr	O	Surely , there was something between them both .
tr	I	The ship didn 't stand upright like space the shuttles of the late 20th and early 21st century .
tr	O	Balthazar smiled at me , but I could tell he mostly wanted to be alone .
tr	O	And it 's too cold a night to spend it wandering in the streets of London .
tr	O	I felt the waves the creatures left in their wake before I saw them .
tr	I	Most of the just pellets ricocheted harmlessly away .
tr	O	We 're both all over the newspapers .
tr	O	The attacker grabbing his shoe came back to him and Dylan almost shouted with joy .
tr	O	She gave him a considering look as she moved to the side .
tr	O	' May we come in please ? '
tr	I	She from knew experience that that wouldn 't stop them for long , but at least it would slow them down .
tr	I	I really needed to learn think to before I spoke sometimes .
tr	I	His face hardened for a moment , the smile swiftly slipped away .
tr	I	I him kissed harder .
tr	O	It was the girl 's parents .
tr	I	When she put had some space between her and the vampires , she turned and ran .
tr	O	I felt rather than saw some of the other men move toward us .
tr	I	Today she wore pink and tan and looked so damned lovable took she his breath away .
tr	O	Silly man thought he had to get me so worked up I couldn 't think straight to get this answer .
tr	O	Simon swung his head toward Cian , he eyes narrowed .
tr	I	A left side , he 'd heard , that had suffered an old injury in the days early of being a warlord .
tr	I	I feel like I to want stand on a rooftop and scream !
tr	I	The old , rickety docks long had disappeared .
tr	O	The decorations didn 't match because they came from her mother and father 's belongings of which she had practically nothing .
tr	O	I told you not to talk , Abigail .
tr	I	I 'd fallen already .
tr	I	My skin tingled and the back my of throat burned .
tr	I	When I woke up , I was lying in lap his .
tr	I	And would Anna be safe .
tr	O	We didn 't get this sooner with all eyes on the Lodge .
tr	I	Dakota simply flicked ears his back and forth and continued on , ignoring Richard 's ramblings .
tr	I	Mad Dog pushed himself up on elbows his to see her better .
tr	I	Summoning patience , opened she the door .
tr	I	He her drew nipple between his teeth and licked its end one last time before reluctantly releasing it and pulling back .
tr	I	She was wearing a nice blouse slacks and and high heels , as though she had just come home from work .
tr	I	I ran my hands through hair my .
tr	O	And I 'm afraid you are no more to me than one of those . '
tr	O	Gage cut a glance at his principal .
tr	O	I grab a tree limb and swing down , using my momentum to slam into Red .
tr	O	It sure was the hell lot of fun just like Kris promised .
tr	I	Amica lifted her head , and her met eyes ; she looked tired , but determined to succeed .
tr	O	Maybe Suave wasn 't as unaware as she 'd thought .
tr	O	We both entered into the circle , cutting Amber and Elle off from Oliver and his friends .
tr	O	She leaned in close , brushed her breast against his bare chest .
tr	I	That 's what did demons .
tr	O	' This is the account their bills and costs come out of , ' added Gareth equally cheerfully .
tr	O	She was sitting at a small eating table beside the pit fire built into the wall .
tr	O	No way did I trust any one of these sick people enough to hang around near the edge .
tr	I	There a 's long pause before she nods .
tr	I	He turns eyes soulful to me .
tr	I	A moment of despair as passed I pictured my mother 's pain .
tr	I	Dylan the recognized victim .
tr	O	But the moment she wanted the stream to stop , it stopped .
tr	I	I think he thought I was being bribed or into threatened withdrawing this money .
tr	O	The phone fell out , and I put it back into my pocket .
tr	I	The lack of depth perception caused him stumble to and bang his forehead on the door trim .
tr	I	Christophe bit his lip and stomped his foot hard enough on the ground he that injured himself in the process .
tr	I	But he wasn 't the only one were things hard on .
tr	O	I 'm flat broke , and I 'm pretty sure Mack is aware of that .
tr	O	They cut her down and lay her carefully on the floor .
tr	I	She said something I that couldn 't hear .
tr	O	As if the thought was a summoning spell , the door swung open and a woman peered round into the room .
tr	I	Your words and actions be can a request for a package .
tr	O	And Beth 's aunt from Toledo just dropped in , quite unexpected , and made things worse .
tr	O	Just as we were about to leave , I said to the two men , ' Is it always as quiet as this in here ? '
tr	O	If not every week , at least most .
tr	O	He poured a can of cola into a glass and put it down in front of her .
tr	O	We crossed the Minnesota border .
tr	I	* * * * * Chapter 25 -- Salisbury Anyone only The reason for time is so that everything doesn 't happen at once .
tr	I	Maryanne had irresistible the urge to heap coals on the fires of his indignation .
tr	I	Hikers , maybe , but she it doubted .
tr	I	The only thing that was different about the room was all the trophies he won 'd .
tr	O	The room was a pentagon shaped one , with desks aligned against the walls on all four sides .
tr	I	You could cross a wire and yourself electrocute .
tr	O	How could I have feared something so childish ?
tr	I	I turned in my seat to see that Michael hadn come 't alone .
tr	O	Though he was curious about the progress that Sydney and Gunner might have made .
tr	O	But then , I 'm not 100 % sure he knows I heard them .
tr	I	He glanced up at the warrior Cane , as he signaled his men , and their group and its new escort down started the road .
tr	I	I open snap the box .
tr	O	And best of all , enjoying it .
tr	I	He said expectantly , his putting hand out for me to shake .
tr	O	But I can promise you that Marcus Hardy loves you more than anyone else is ever going to love you .
tr	O	Before his attention was noticed , Gray continued out into the Mall .
tr	I	His brother had been one of those who had been hanged the same I day almost met my own end .
tr	I	The smell was uniquely New York , and it reminded me how much missed I the city .
tr	I	My hands are flared to my side as I hunt for to something grab onto .
tr	I	It 'll be just you me and .
tr	O	Heard of him ? '
tr	O	It seemed that the Steel Ministry caught up with everyone eventually .
tr	I	That was nothing compared to the fury that flooded my emotions , as abrupt a dam bursting and so forceful I took a step backward .
tr	I	I shied away the from thought .
tr	O	My stomach cramped , and tears burned the back of my sore throat .
tr	I	The room is much any like other office .
tr	O	Rhett gave me a look and then turned back to Holden .
tr	O	Her eyes squeezed closed .
tr	O	He had to kill this woman to convince himself he wasn 't under a spell .
tr	I	Sometime later , something caressed soft my nose .
tr	O	It will probably save us a little on insurance .
tr	I	I shrugged said and nothing while waiting for the commercial break to end and the news to return .
tr	I	His voice strained was , quiet .
tr	I	He in sucked my nipple firmly and bit down , igniting every nerve in my body .
tr	O	She couldn 't help but feel that Gary shouldn 't move back into his apartment so soon .
tr	O	I rolled my head in a circle , cracking my neck and then stretched my arms high above my head .
tr	I	I step out into elegant an reception area .
tr	I	needing to concentrate for a to second make a portal .
tr	O	A low moan escaped him , embarrassing him to the tips of his ears .
tr	I	But what 's going to happen when it 's time her for to board the plane back to California ?
tr	I	Rhys went for door the .
tr	I	It was not odd to have the swishing of skirts at her ankles .
tr	O	He stepped closer to me , using the back of his palm to wipe the sweat off his forehead .
tr	I	The last thing I is remember Boggs spreading a couple of burlap sacks over me .
tr	I	She tosses up that mental barrier , and I 'm the in doghouse again where her thoughts are concerned .
tr	I	She said they would protect me monsters from .
tr	I	I shook my head and pushed past firmly him .
tr	O	Bobby caught the door as it swung forward again , and latched it securely .
tr	I	She handled life stressors in a destructive very way .
tr	I	Because of her hood and mask , I 't couldn see her face , just her eyes .
tr	I	She wiped hands her on her apron .
tr	I	It wouldn 't be and breaking entering , as such .
tr	I	With a gasp , she lifted a halter dress sapphire of colored satin from the box .
tr	I	I can 't blame him for his obstinacy - he once served a woman who required all heads to be delivered a on pike .
tr	I	Chapter 42 Adel and Nora Adel climbs up the steps to Nora 's porch and the rings doorbell .
tr	I	Cav was still holding his breath over the small backpack his between feet .
tr	O	Helen raised an eyebrow .
tr	I	They agreed to vote on first the issue of liability .
tr	I	She would the have joy of seeing him at fifty , even seventy .
tr	O	It is the first thing she tells her aspirants : You do not have to wait .
tr	I	And how you are ?
tr	O	He wore a pair of loose khaki pants that hung low on his hips , his shirt hanging on a tree branch next to him .
tr	I	I rolled up the sleeves and left the untucked shirt , then rummaged through my closet for an ancient pair of sandals .
tr	O	A few of the kids blocked her path .
tr	I	Sophie eyes 's shone .
tr	O	He resumed their walk and headed off the path and uphill , toward and through a grove of mixed trees .
tr	I	' Dude , ' Ethan said , in warning his voice .
tr	I	After Ambrose abuses her , marries she Polonius .
tr	I	I closed my eyes so I 't didn have to stare at the wall and I tried to let the music swoop through me .
tr	I	She her lifted head and looked around .
tr	I	He jogged around the airship and saw no dwarves more .
tr	I	It was easy to think of myself as powerless when standing next the to king , but to the common people , I was power .
tr	I	Emelia 's ruminations about her imminent move to the Enclave and her ever-present fear of the dark sorcerer had been suppressed the by tide of grief .
tr	O	There was no point in pretending otherwise , not when her friend had laser vision for things like this .
tr	O	Clancy pulled his eyelids open .
tr	O	Nash was a great catch - literally .
tr	I	I would think the Council could have better prepared us for this life , rather than on being the run for all of these years .
tr	I	: Yama : The senses , say the wise , are the horses ; selfish desires are roads the they travel .
tr	I	Cassie quoted the prophecy a with shiver .
tr	I	And did he still have the knife .
tr	O	He immediately shook his head and stepped closer , his face looking furious that she would dare something so insane .
tr	O	He lifted his hand instinctively to what he thought was the worst of it and touched bandaging .
tr	I	The sign made him think of the that shooting occurred there by the now convicted officer who for what ever reason lost it .
tr	O	Heat crept up my body .
tr	I	A bit of smoke appeared , and the quartz transformed back into dragon the .
tr	I	Izzy went to the closet deep buried in Bram 's library where he kept cases of wine and ale and pulled what looked the most interesting .
tr	O	He might as well get to the heart of it .
tr	I	Detective Andy Sergeant Melrose was someone whose nose Sam Gibson would be happy to follow .
tr	I	Just Sofie like killed Nathan .
tr	O	And though it remained , the greatest Human army to ever march was down to about ten percent in strength .
tr	I	I could imagine only what he 'd think if he knew Jasper had tried to kill me .
tr	O	He glanced down at her , amused by her unsubtle question .
tr	I	It 's around built an enclosed courtyard .
tr	I	With no Stu escape 's thumb located and pressed into the eye 's socket .
tr	I	The winding staircase behind wound up and up and after many steps they arrived at a second taller and slender more door .
tr	O	He straightened his legs with a grunt and heaved upward .
tr	I	Todd saw the man lift his sword , to prepared plunge it home .
tr	I	He turned on the radio but he didn find 't any music he liked .
tr	O	I sensed , though he would never admit it , his need for me beside him was just as necessary .
tr	I	Once again , I searched the quad , looking for any movement the in shadows , but I still couldn 't spot her .
tr	O	Soon they were traveling towards Aberdeen .
tr	I	He shook his head as Zane came him at .
tr	I	It was to better keep moving than to stop and contemplate everything piling up around her .
tr	O	She was afraid , almost desperately so , and bravely holding it all inside .
tr	O	What she did have was a knack for animals , which made her a good stable hand but nothing more .
tr	O	He seems to tolerate us for dog treats , but there is no love there .
tr	I	He stared at the curtains , dread creeping up spine his .
tr	I	I just was a spook .
tr	O	He could see perhaps half a mile down the river before it disappeared round a bend to the left .
tr	O	Maybe I will go to the village of my parents and pray to their memory .
tr	I	She couldn 't waste any time more .
tr	I	She tugged her scarf from around neck her and tied back the tangled mess .
tr	I	She heard the Healer -- and gritted her teeth at the irony of the title puttering -- about .
tr	O	Destroy his whole damned system .
tr	I	It is not intended the for easily offended or young children .
tr	I	I 'm darting from about one to the other so quickly that you think I 'm two .
tr	O	Then he tipped his head toward her .
tr	O	he said , and hit the switch .
tr	I	After lunch , the guys decided hit to the small amusement park .
tr	I	James her lowered gently .
tr	O	The shark 's gut .
tr	I	The woman he 'd been texting when he died -- was what her name ?
tr	I	When he closed his eyes , retrieved she her dagger from her sleeve .
tr	I	His took voice on a tone of deep respect .
tr	O	I took her other hand .
tr	I	He a wore blue suit and a shirt with no tie .
tr	O	I 'm healing fine despite my father 's thoughts .
tr	O	I scream , pulling open his door .
tr	I	Actually , it the was only significant mystery of our lives .
tr	O	She blushed at the heat in his words , even though there really wasn 't a single reason left to be blushing in front of Chase anymore .
tr	O	I thought the question would give her pause , but she shrugged me off immediately .
tr	O	I stopped at a fresh grave , silently asking for forgiveness as I plucked a single rose from the clusters of arrangements .
tr	O	Even then , I want to be inside you , fucking you .
tr	O	Just then she heard a noise and quickly looked over her shoulder .
tr	O	To my left is a window that looks outside .
tr	O	They stood like two peacocks almost chest to chest .
tr	I	He said something to his friend and once again turned to him go .
tr	I	Zane took a small step back , grip his on Ty 's wrist loosening .
tr	O	He slammed his fist into the wall and felt blood on his hand , but he didn 't care about the pain , either .
tr	O	' Please don 't take any snide cracks at him when we meet up at Jennifer 's party , ' Tammy pleaded .
tr	O	I had to decide on my own what to do with the rest of my life .
tr	I	He smiles at me now and I feel because good it 's his first real smile this morning .
tr	O	Chapter 4 Several minutes later , they turned on to Walnut Street .
tr	O	It was a tangible thing that filled the air , seeping through my skin and setting my body thrumming .
tr	I	* * I slowly rose , listening to my joints pop and crack , their voicing complaints of the hard ground .
tr	I	So what if lips his were pillowy soft ?
tr	O	How his hands caressed and his mouth lingered .
tr	I	Pepper squealed , his round growing face more flushed by the moment .
tr	I	As the last vestiges of sunset stretched across horizon the , Aphrodite splashed in the ocean with the most beautiful man I 'd ever seen .
tr	I	She was halfway to the living when room Isaac came to his defense .
tr	O	I was at least glad we were having this discussion , though .
tr	I	I cleared my throat , wetting my lips , forcing to myself speak .
tr	O	He pressed another kiss to her neck .
tr	I	Many of them already slept despite the early relatively hour .
tr	O	His energy was volatile .
tr	O	They were beloved and respected .
tr	O	She started with the photo she knew was there .
tr	I	The reality of it all hit me , I and again felt helpless and out of my league .
tr	I	Why live in one body when you can be free , timeless ultimately and powerful , just like a god ?
tr	I	He farther stepped into the room .
tr	O	I held her gaze and made her the promise .
tr	O	A light knock on the door preceded Helton , who brought in the tray that held a dish of pastries as well as the coffee .
tr	I	Emily giggled , forgetting about Ali and tree the for a second .
tr	I	He continued to take frugal of sips it anyway , just to keep his mouth from drying out completely .
tr	O	My lips gave to him what they never gave to Josh .
tr	I	The combination dust of and headlights produced a ghostly replica of the trackers .
tr	O	Meara rode up to be beside King Ignis .
tr	I	But this would get challenged heavily as we more became comfortable in our surroundings .
tr	I	I held my out hands .
tr	O	Craig yelled as the creature lifted and turned him still smelling him .
tr	O	Well , that 's understandable .
tr	O	She didn 't want to even be close to him , much less get his attention .
tr	I	Only as hard as it pushed had against the lean-to wall .
tr	O	How can I abandon you while I run to Ewan for help ?
tr	O	It takes all my strength to hold Aimee 's head in my arms .
tr	O	And her heart was right back in her throat .
tr	O	In other words , I lose my faith in anaesthetics .
tr	O	Corrigan might be a better bet .
tr	O	I frown with annoyance .
tr	I	As midafternoon came , took Dane his turn on the hill as guard .
tr	O	We typically don 't spend much time amongst humans .
tr	O	Death may have been a better option .
tr	I	His only solace came in knowing he 'd been the best father could he .
tr	I	I did , she and obeyed perfectly .
tr	O	His eyes dropped briefly to her hand .
tr	O	Scott capped off the plane .
tr	I	His glance flickered toward red the switch with Flattery 's hand poised to touch it .
tr	O	I grabbed him by the shoulders and turned his body around .
tr	I	David stopped in his tracks pulled and Sandra back towards him .
tr	O	Mr. Laurel nodded in response and took Eliza by the other arm .
tr	I	Who the are hell you ?
tr	I	A strange look crossed his face , a flicker of hurt and worry through flashed his eyes .
tr	O	He pointed to the silver box that was stacked with a DVD player under the TV .
tr	O	I quivered and put my head down .
tr	O	Gael was very careful not to loosen his grip or turn his attention from his prisoner .
tr	I	While there is some dispute as to the degree of influence , the facts 't can be denied .
tr	I	I kissed him back almost desperately , and when I finally pulled away , I had to wipe more stupid from tears my eyes .
tr	O	Clearly relieved by her response that everything was fine , Tatiana looped an arm through hers as they walked back over to the set .
tr	I	He 's asked me out on several occasions , but I 've always him told no .
tr	O	He 'd have liked to manage a conversation with the Rev , but the minister didn 't seem as interested in Manfred as Manfred was in him .
tr	I	How could he talk forgiveness about ?
tr	I	I trail a hand down his back , rubbing in slow , circular motions , I and know the demons inside him are rising up .
tr	O	That he has bagged almost every girl in town ?
tr	I	She couldn 't help it She was a panther ; she could sense the heat his of body even three feet away .
tr	O	I had been silently worried all night that Zane 's best friend was going to be as cold and as fake as the people at his party .
tr	O	It is covered by floor length , thick red curtains .
tr	O	Joan and Richard had gone to school together in Chicago .
tr	O	As his fingers skim my naked back , I can feel his other hand reaching for the tie around my neck .
tr	I	Glass down rained ; behind it was bare stone .
tr	I	When you gon na make curtsy me to your father for approval ?
tr	O	I 've never cared much for that .
tr	O	There was still something out there that wanted her blood .
tr	O	Now the memories become frantic , recalling panic and palpable terror .
tr	I	Her unapologetic grin brought a flush of blood to Claire cheeks 's .
tr	I	I picked up my phone to my check messages and nothing .
tr	I	A vein stood out his on forehead .
tr	I	Sometimes the dark side of personality his put them anxiety .
tr	O	Jake eventually decided that he 'd had enough of venting for one evening .
tr	O	And the tone of his voice is so soothing , it makes me wish he were more talkative .
tr	O	She wasn 't strong enough to play such a high-stakes game of chance .
tr	O	Aria stopped next to a French-language No Parking sign and stared at him .
tr	O	He was new to her .
tr	I	She 'd given his Scrappy best chance , had rewired his jaw .
tr	O	What a tidy little package that 'd be .
tr	I	Where planned Troy to make me pay .
tr	O	I am simply content being where I am .
tr	O	He began to try to swim away as I held tight to his foot .
tr	I	I fight an arm free with the thrash that knocked this 's man partner down .
tr	O	I would suggest you behave and get on with it .
tr	O	Kids were already jamming the elevator area to be the first to disembark .
tr	I	It really 's too bad that his smile doesn 't quite reach his eyes .
tr	I	The ceiling was an slab intimidating with the head of a nasty goat looking at me .
tr	O	She raised one hand and then let it flop back to the bed .
tr	O	Peter was inside her before she 'd hit the bed .
tr	O	My father and Bill 's firm go way back .
tr	O	I waited by his desk until he finished his call to brief him on my meeting with Ali .
tr	O	In life , he was slovenly and homely .
tr	I	Carol couldn 't very explain well that when he touched her , even lightly , tiny atoms exploded inside her .
tr	O	He said some weird stuff , he was looking for Sarah and after a while I told him that I had to go .
tr	I	He removed his driver 's license from his wallet handed and it to the mechanic .
tr	I	One morning I up woke early Got dressed and went outside .
tr	I	Her clamped mouth shut .
tr	O	He moves me swiftly from the back of the day bed into his arms and strokes my cheek before resting his fingertips at my temple .
tr	I	She gave me way too hair much .
tr	I	He stole money their .
tr	I	Layla exhaled in a rush , her hand lowering to touch gorgeous the ring .
tr	O	She waved at me and I got up , following her through the heavy mahogany doors to her inner office .
tr	O	She closed her eyes for a moment .
tr	O	When he did get out during the day , he often saw her either in her truck or cutting the lawns .
tr	O	The ecclesiastic head of the Templar movement .
tr	O	he asked the underside of my jaw .
tr	O	Valentina didn 't hover , but at the same time , she was there whenever Tatiana needed her .
tr	O	Go in and find out what time they went in there .
tr	I	I sank back in the freezing seat , too worn to out even be mad .
tr	I	Pulling up in the of shade an ancient oak , Kay dropped down on her belly and drank from the stream .
tr	O	He cited harsh working conditions and an overbearing , disrespectful managerial style that treated subordinates as slaves .
tr	I	The States United and Germany remained .
tr	I	Body count didn 't matter them to .
tr	I	The city sidewalks streets and were crammed .
tr	O	I thought a moment and decided it was the least I could do .
tr	I	I my rubbed forehead .
tr	I	But all wanted I was some tiny acknowledgement .
tr	I	Soft music pumped through the speakers and we joined the rest our of guests with appropriate ' thank you for coming 's ' .
tr	I	We eaten 'd there once , and I 'd found it delicious .
tr	O	Jason almost laughed at her grim determination .
tr	O	Nanette 's almost singing her words out .
tr	I	At one point , I if wondered it were possible for him to be asleep with his eyes open .
tr	O	But you started to change even him there at the end .
tr	O	Anything to please him , to fulfill all of his needs as he did mine .
tr	I	Seemed that the car ride had helped sober her up more than thought she .
tr	O	But he didn 't come back .
tr	O	Kennedy is taking me to the salon this weekend to freshen up my appearance .
tr	O	She pulled on her pants quickly and turned back to him .
tr	I	I my set empty wine glass on an overly ornate hallway table and listened for any noise in the study .
tr	O	I felt sick and freaked out all over again .
tr	O	Natalie stared down at the bag in her hand .
tr	O	My friend Toby came down with a bad case of tragedy the week before we started seventh grade at Westlake Middle School .
tr	O	Since then he has taken any opportunity to act he can get his mitts on .
tr	I	They liked their milk , cheese and eggs , too , so they had cows , chickens goats and .
tr	I	Oh how strange all of this has become in such a period short of time .
tr	O	Heck , I 've seen it and I don 't believe me .
tr	O	Part of me was happy to finally get things rolling .
tr	O	She studied his face and shook her head .
tr	O	The man looked startled at the adult anger in Scott 's voice , the lowering of pitch , the authority .
tr	O	His skin was whiter than salt , so translucent she saw the faint blue worm of tiny veins under his eyes .
tr	O	One of the few times he ever lost his temper with us .
tr	I	But her knew body .
tr	I	His mouth found my ear and kissed he it with his tongue .
tr	O	They both sat at the kitchen table .
tr	I	Kamil is not sure so .
tr	I	He read over the note that Janet left and me briskly set about saving my life .
tr	I	She loosed shuddering a breath .
tr	I	She too was old to do that .
tr	I	' It 's tragic , when think you about it . '
tr	I	She sat at a large desk in a small dimly lit at room the back of the bank .
tr	O	Reviving these dead emotions could only hurt them .
tr	O	He doesn 't help with the dishes much .
tr	I	Everything so far going was to plan .
tr	I	I 't don think I 've ever seen a couple more in love .
tr	O	It gives a good indication of curves .
tr	I	A knot of anxiety Lexi tightened 's chest .
tr	I	I pressed her hand against my heart , tempted as much by her vision of good doing as by her remarkable beauty .
tr	O	I had soon discovered the blanket was real fur , I hate the thought of animals being hurt and wondered what creature it had belonged to .
tr	O	And who 'd been holding the flashlight in the forest when he came running out of the studio ?
tr	I	Amusement flared briefly his in eyes .
tr	I	It doesn 't look good his for legs .
tr	I	She sneaked a peek at him again he while looked away .
tr	I	We are a making wall of zombies .
tr	I	Brian hung up the phone and went back in the bedroom to finish with arguing Pam .
tr	I	A confidante to tell all your of secrets to .
tr	O	She was surprised that she answered him at all , but even more surprised by the lack of strength in her voice .
tr	I	They both knew that she would to forget eat if they didn 't reminder every few minutes .
tr	I	Riva and I the fashioned markers , and we set out toward the east , staying well up in the foothills .
tr	O	' If this is the throne room where are the salamanders ? '
tr	I	The perfectly pillows plump and arranged .
tr	I	I not did care anymore .
tr	I	I ' curious m why you are here .
tr	I	Matt reached Baker for the phone .
tr	O	Nothing could possibly feel better than his hips driving his rock-hard cock into me .
tr	I	Now , as he tried to pull it away from her , fought she back .
tr	I	Yet unlike the sweeping wooden staircase , which been had polished until the steps shone like new , the young physician looked curiously worn and troubled .
tr	I	If only she could just open her eyes him for .
tr	O	One of his own kind ?
tr	O	He hooked his thumb toward the window and I looked out but there was just the street , nothing else .
tr	I	The service reflected this , the humanist thread wasn 't eclipsed by obligatory the church minister detailing the glorious afterlife .
tr	I	She gives me a weird look as start I the engine and crank the air conditioning .
tr	I	Soon I was climbing back up the rickety old ladder while Edmund floated just up in front of me .
tr	O	' Su , don 't ask me any cross question , ' Raj said .
tr	I	Since Garde was familiar with the area , he directed Lissa so she could everyone fold again .
tr	I	The outside looks faded red and run they along the ground . '
tr	O	Feeling worse than ever , I trudged to processing , where an LDA administrator curtly issued me three identical green tunics , wrapped in paper .
tr	O	Nothing Mama said had ever been right .
tr	O	The man waved Painter back into his seat .
tr	O	He had her in his home .
tr	O	That was clear now .
tr	O	His eyes were red and his face ashen .
tr	I	I read more into our relationship than I have should .
tr	O	I did what Kaya told me and threw him in the air with everything I had .
tr	I	I glanced down the at sandwich in my hand .
tr	O	Dario moved right , holding the ball low , faking a hand off to a running back breezing by him .
tr	O	Caleb was done for .
tr	I	All she could do wait was , and watch over him with increasing fierceness .
tr	I	A look of pure lust flashes in eyes his .
tr	I	Tanya asked while pulling my arm to dance the floor .
tr	O	I also had several dreams about my brother .
tr	I	I 'd clearly caught off her guard .
tr	I	I , on the other hand , came the on arm of the drummer in tonight 's house band .
tr	O	Cameron loved their walks .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure what I meant , but perhaps I was simply grateful to him for acknowledging my grief in a way most people never could .
tr	O	Going down was easier than going up .
tr	I	The question was out before he time had to censor it .
tr	I	She 'd only intended on being gone an hour at the most , but everything with that had happened , the time had gotten away from her .
tr	O	Rags , his tail wagging furiously , was retrieving the missed balls .
tr	O	I could survive this much at least .
tr	I	That stood to reason , she supposed , if a soul was of capable feeling the torment promised in this place .
tr	O	Your families are , like , the richest in the county .
tr	I	Once 're you convicted it won 't help your case if you 've withheld anything that we discover in the meantime .
tr	O	An ambulance screamed up the drive , its lights flashing blue and red .
tr	O	We all know it , but sometimes we can 't stop ourselves .
tr	I	Unable to stop myself , I her cup cheek with my hand .
tr	I	She felt a ripple of shock from the simple contact , sad the smile on his father 's face .
tr	O	The courtroom doors burst open , and the girls jumped .
tr	I	Had he set the house fire on ?
tr	O	Suddenly the notion of not being able to return to active duty seemed trivial compared to the end of Angel 's dream .
tr	I	I knew it wasn 't Brandon , but I didn 't know if there was someone else turning at nightfall when the moon full had waned .
tr	I	You 're a Watchman City .
tr	I	- I muttered the to uninvited guest inside my skull .
tr	O	She didn 't even think he was aware of what he did to her .
tr	I	It just 's like a bacterial plague , or a viral plague .
tr	O	Against people like that , regular surveillance would be good enough .
tr	O	She blushes , nods to me , mutters a weak thanks , and takes off down the next flight of steps .
tr	O	She sank back against the cushions and waved a hand at him to ward him off .
tr	I	She was distracted by for looking me .
tr	I	Swinging round keeping and low , Ezio hurled a fourth man over his back onto the granite .
tr	O	He took a deep breath and bent down to lay his lips on hers .
tr	I	He in stood front of me , quietly observing me with solemn regard .
tr	O	Who would do something like that ?
tr	O	Logan said with a laugh .
tr	O	The man didn 't look as if he 'd appreciate my little joke at this moment anyway .
tr	O	A startled cry escaped me , I wanted to scream but he was on top of me , tearing ferociously at me .
tr	O	It was like moving a brick with his chin , but he did it .
tr	I	The chef did a job wonderful .
tr	I	Mr. Davis drove through the full parking lot , searching for empty an spot .
tr	O	Yet she was unable to suppress a grin at Bianca 's eagerness to watch her call Dare .
tr	O	Crap , she hadn 't just meant to say that .
tr	I	When doors the to the elevator opened to the glass-enclosed lobby , she stepped out and looked around .
tr	O	Mike thought the two would make a good-looking couple , and Kyle certainly needed a woman in his life .
tr	I	It was unlike him to feel doubt , but he 't didn know what to think right then .
tr	O	When the police report was accessed , I received an alert .
tr	I	He deposited twenty pence into the empty ice cream tub they were using as a register cash .
tr	O	The political situation is so dicey in those areas that I might stop in Hong Kong and Saudi Arabia , too .
tr	O	I brushed my hands over my pockets in an attempt to appear relaxed and shot him a cocky smile .
tr	O	So far her conclusions were flimsy .
tr	O	His cheeks were beginning to redden .
tr	I	Alan Freed screaming was .
tr	I	Vaughn massaged his bruised neck where butch the Chinese woman had applied her pinch chokehold on him , damn near clocking him out .
tr	O	The entire city structure was different now complete with thin streets , tall cramped buildings on either side and lots of messed up future cars .
tr	O	He couldn 't hear her .
tr	O	Bill didn 't think of those wasted years often , but when he did it was with a saddened remorse totally unlike his usual good humor .
tr	I	This kind news of is nothing out of the ordinary so she understandably finds no reason to be shocked by it .
tr	O	I sighed as I put on the warm sweater .
tr	I	I couldn 't ponder it for long because my life in re-education had taken a definite for turn the worst .
tr	I	Forget I it mentioned in the first place .
tr	O	It is a matter of intention .
tr	I	Today she would speak vows God before .
tr	I	Lawrence in was shock .
tr	O	The lights soon dimmed , and she found herself in quite an interesting position .
tr	I	Maybe he nervous was .
tr	I	While had Anya asked a lot of questions , such inquiries could just as easily be born of innocent curiosity and concern for her father .
tr	O	Her feet dug into his back , and Zeke truly felt like he 'd finally gone to heaven .
tr	O	He opened the door and screamed into the villa 's capacious grand hall .
tr	O	Hadley looked up at him , and Devon could only guess the seething look she was giving him .
tr	O	I slid my finger under the flap and tore the envelope open .
tr	I	Suppose there 's just a trifling I chance 'm right .
tr	I	The phone call from is my boss , wanting to know if I 've made contact with the target .
tr	O	Her body trembled as she lost her composure to a wave of grievous emotions .
tr	I	Persephone looked surprised by 's Geary response .
tr	I	You missed it all for a few tokens and a few bagels some at shitty city deli .
tr	I	It not 's her fault .
tr	O	He pointed a finger toward the far end of the northeastern causeway , the one that ended at Garrison .
tr	O	And it was good she wasn 't since she knew that Luke had eyes for no one but his Faith .
tr	I	CHAPTER FIVE thunderous The disturbance created multiple reactions throughout the crowd .
tr	I	Several students whom I surmised were players , came into strutting the room .
tr	O	Am I supposed to fawn at your feet thanking you for picking me ?
tr	I	Adriana tapped the page as continued she to read .
tr	O	I never made the slightest suggestion of resigning my Fellowship and don 't in the least wish to do so .
tr	I	He stared at me , dropping the Ten Year from our school he had a hold of .
tr	O	I can 't do much about him if he takes a liking to you .
tr	O	It said so much about Mary .
tr	O	Cunning and skilled with a magnetic personality , he drew people to him ; people he lured to their deaths .
tr	I	Did truly I have what it took to defeat such a powerful opponent ?
tr	O	That had been an act of possession and claiming , like a dog pissing on a hydrant .
tr	I	Not to mention the Crows kept who track of who came and went .
tr	I	I touched one my on cheek .
tr	O	Having already embarrassed herself , she would not let these people see beneath her glamour too .
tr	O	Just the thought of it set off a little giggle in me that I do believe escaped my mouth .
tr	O	Again and again a warrior , heaving high her heavy blade , found his point in her jugular before she could strike .
tr	I	Pregnancy wasn 't kind the of secret that stayed secret .
tr	O	He squeezed her closer .
tr	I	Ashe and Nick moved away , allowing the tall werewolf scent to the doorframe .
tr	O	Kendall patted his pocket , where he had hidden the object he had stolen from a tabletop while everyone was distracted .
tr	O	We own him now !
tr	I	She was aghast the at idea .
tr	O	It 's just oysters .
tr	O	Sure , a fan could slip underneath one of the busses , but we were in a segregated parking lot on venue property .
tr	O	She looked up at me then down in a girlish way .
tr	I	All they 'd found in the was tent her mother with a broken neck .
tr	O	So I called Alvin when I got there , and we ended up spending most of the night talking .
tr	I	He held open her and door she quickly climbed in , not daring to meet his eyes again .
tr	O	She 's full-on Madison Avenue right now .
tr	O	I found the love of my life .
tr	O	Her hair was short and in twists , making her look quite funky and retro in a disarming way .
tr	I	I ducked and hit ground the as a sizzle lit the air .
tr	I	When we got undressed for bed I noticed Elise ' feet bleeding were .
tr	O	Brianna asked , sitting down on the rough wood and handing everyone a cold bottle of water .
tr	O	Sam had always known he was adopted .
tr	I	Tamara laughed , but then sobered quickly .
tr	I	Myra glanced at who Lizzy now sat staring at her son .
tr	I	Kate likes to shuffle things around we so don 't get in a rut .
tr	I	She was going to find some way over there , and get those notes no what matter it took , and finish this investigation .
tr	O	But then everything changed .
tr	I	There was some amazing , fancy sounding food and I to wanted try all of it .
tr	I	Brody made change a of clothing with his mind .
tr	O	After a while he nodded in acquiescence .
tr	I	A fitful moon sparkled intermittently the on river as a freshening wind threw a procession of clouds across the sky .
tr	I	It would surprise no one if on next the go-round she made the short-list .
tr	O	I yelled out Loki 's name .
tr	I	They talked little the of trial .
tr	I	Your names will be recorded in archives the .
tr	I	Raffaele turns eyes his to me , and the sun catches the brilliant , shifting colors in his irises .
tr	O	She was scared for him .
tr	O	Nick said , realizing if they had never had that first kiss they wouldn 't be in all the trouble they were in now .
tr	O	Access is only by small boats and a long walk .
tr	O	The trio stood up and walked off the cabin , into an enclosed skywalk in the Middle City of Perimeter 2 .
tr	O	Hey - you want to go out tomorrow night ?
tr	I	Susan silently watched Kit , who was at staring Sarah while trying to make a decision .
tr	I	I started feel to comfortable around Sandy .
tr	I	he said , looking at nurses the .
tr	I	Strangely , I feel like does he .
tr	O	Bindi knew that Liz was just managing to scrape by financially .
tr	O	I said for her not to worry .
tr	I	Sawyer picked up the empty bottle Will had thrown down tipped and it up over his beak .
tr	O	She was too taken with Joe 's image , although she 'd seen this picture a million times .
tr	O	But she was out of cash .
tr	I	What are going you to tell them ?
tr	I	His eyes turned to the fresh bucket of water he had just carried in her when voice sounded again .
tr	O	Did she know that that was the chronograph ?
tr	O	Then he fell on his back with his blank eyes staring at the sky .
tr	I	He , thanks to the twin connection , felt every emotion that I did , whether agreed he with them or not .
tr	O	His situation will never end , not really .
tr	O	The monster fell back , but swiftly recovered , rolling her over and pinning her down .
tr	O	It was like a floodlight in the narrow hallway .
tr	O	If you 've never seen the Isle of the Winds , you might think that the descriptions of it you 've heard are exaggerations .
tr	O	Despite his best efforts , several slivers penetrated her arm and burned through her skin nearly to the bone .
tr	I	When she looked back at him again , tears in swam her eyes , making them deep , blue pools .
tr	O	So I call out to the officers .
tr	O	Suddenly a tremendous smell of food filled the air .
tr	O	That thought made my eyes water , and Evan 's happy face looked over me with a trace of concern in it .
tr	O	Catherine twisted the plastic ring on her finger .
tr	O	They could hear the clock ticking .
tr	O	I asked him again .
tr	O	Kim pushed him away from Julie with two flat palms .
tr	O	He blinked , a ferret caught in sudden light .
tr	I	We 've barely spoken since I 've been with staying you .
tr	O	Sometimes , he felt he would die if he didn 't .
tr	O	That divine blood is the reason their systems don 't need the basic necessities a human has to have to survive .
tr	I	He 's only the family I have right now .
tr	O	Its sniffing was loud in her ear .
tr	O	Walking turned into jogging and then running .
tr	O	Shall we go and start the day with some breakfast Martin ? '
tr	O	I spun around in my chair to decline for the thousandth time .
tr	O	Also , we shared birthdays .
tr	O	She wanted to be in the garden before her mother arose , for then her time would no longer be her own .
tr	O	I took a deep breath before walking back inside .
tr	I	They 'll their find way back to wherever they need to go , no doubt with plans of vengeance in mind .
tr	O	I 'm not telling them about Max .
tr	I	I 't can do it anymore .
tr	I	Another thing she about liked Dylan .
tr	O	Instead , the oddity of all my surroundings left me feeling trapped -- stuck in a quiet stupor .
tr	O	Annie took off early with Craig , and Ruth was with Royce .
tr	O	Kiki came and went so much it was hard to get track of her .
tr	I	To it have so brutally ripped away was unfair .
tr	I	He ... no , he can 't be this asking .
tr	O	' I hated going back , but I knew his temper then would be nothing compared to if he ever tracked me down after running away . '
tr	I	A solemn silence fell as they that realised Pandora was right .
tr	I	I wish I could just accept what he without did always being so damned suspicious of it .
tr	O	She found herself gaping at Mary Ann , nearly choking on her protest .
tr	O	' Were you and your son here at the shop on Monday , October 29th ? '
tr	I	Elissa calmly left the labor and delivery but room once she was outside , she sprinted to the waiting room in search of Rick .
tr	I	Mariposa always made when jokes she was nervous .
tr	O	Her plastic smile was back in place .
tr	O	I was in need of a quick solution to my problem .
tr	O	His hands roamed up and down her arms , spreading small bumps along her skin .
tr	I	Rich moved toward her , cradling her , his placing arm around her middle .
tr	O	I was going to have to do more reconnaissance -- searching for the smell and sound of an acetylene torch .
tr	I	She couldn see 't a house , just a drive winding through an orchard and turning left behind the trees .
tr	I	Don 't suppose 've you seen a big guy wandering around ?
tr	I	Although the weather in Huntsville remained hot , summer was winding down , and with its end , Evan would returning be to school .
tr	I	The bright sunshine was blinding as she stepped out of gloomy the church .
tr	I	What they had done to her ?
tr	I	Everything blurred me beneath as the tears filled my eyes .
tr	I	By the way , where did parents your study ?
tr	I	Is it a nice family young with kids the same age as ours ?
tr	O	I am not a baby .
tr	I	He walked around house the , staying out of gun range , looking for some indication of where Sage and Juanita were being held .
tr	I	One of the suggestions was to form a non-profit Preservation Corporation with local membership and dues to pay their for upkeep .
tr	I	They continued to talk about possibilities until the turned morning into afternoon .
tr	O	I was expecting to have to hall crates and crates of food .
tr	O	If someone told her ahead of time about this , she wouldn 't have believed it .
tr	I	Sparking and wires bits of acoustical tile dangled from the ceiling .
tr	O	Daniel had changed all that .
tr	O	said Shampoo , who looked down at the form of Akane .
tr	I	Yes , that is how she would have it done .
tr	I	Something about it made Daniel pause teasing before him .
tr	I	Let 's not get ahead ourselves of .
tr	O	One thing quickly became evident : What Nate lacked in years he made up for in experience .
tr	O	He slid between Lucas and Sara , rolling the tray of medical supplies to a stop by the gurney .
tr	O	Dildos are way too distracting .
tr	O	That 's when others can spot their weaknesses .
tr	I	He checked the position the of sun to gauge the time .
tr	I	Toss him in the lake and claim he wandered in there drowned and .
tr	I	Megan was right ; he had to to talk Faith , convince her that leaving Cedar Cove would be wrong .
tr	O	We were good last night .
tr	O	I jerked my shirt off , grabbed a towel , and wrapped it around me before opening the bathroom door a crack .
tr	O	The man pulled his arm free and tapped heavily on the shoulder of an ox with his switch .
tr	I	He knew he could have gone with something safe - like the chicken beef or teriyaki she 'd mentioned - but he was reluctant to do that .
tr	I	Her mind and could body be divided if need be .
tr	I	Slow dancing with Brax is to close heaven .
tr	I	He looked around to our gauge reaction .
tr	O	The entire room was cleared out , except for one prisoner -- -- Martin Kline .
tr	O	She was losing her patience with the arrogant new doctor who was barely out of medical school .
tr	O	And from the way Miranda leaned into Perry , Kylie could guess that Miranda 's toes were feeling it all .
tr	O	The quantity and dispersal of the bullet holes in the walls testified to a very violent and indiscriminate attack .
tr	I	Which , incidentally , ridiculous is .
tr	O	We see the same band and also the same person .
tr	I	Then six elder men and six elder women got up and danced , singing as they went the around sacred fire space .
tr	I	Maybe some new paint the throughout entire place ?
tr	I	He was nak * d , his pants on the ground where he had left them he when shifted , and he was covered in blood .
tr	O	I spent my time watching helplessly as my family fell into ruins .
tr	O	( laughs ) Crazy guy , street corner singer .
tr	I	Even cast the on her ankle looked sexy .
tr	O	He 'd go there right now , tell her he loved her , and then show her he loved her too .
tr	I	Richard said in whisper coarse .
tr	O	Opening the door a crack at first , I used my free hand to fix the towel tightly against my chest .
tr	O	A hole opened up under my feet .
tr	O	Since very few had tubs it took the hands of several to soak and wring out the washcloths , to scrub all the unreachable parts .
tr	I	What was the man name 's ?
tr	O	He reached a two-wheeled chariot tethered to a pygmy dinosaur .
tr	I	She didn 't think she find 'd joy in anything for a long time if ever again .
tr	O	Why the fuck is he touching her ?
tr	O	At least he would acknowledge that Messenger had asked a question .
tr	I	Sealed by Night leaned Jackson on his shovel .
tr	O	Power companies shut down , but power was still available .
tr	I	I knew couldn I 't take that today .
tr	O	Both Dee and I spun and found ourselves facing one of the teachers : Eve Linnet .
tr	O	Her bra and underwear were a startling white .
tr	O	Women were strange creatures .
tr	I	The first orders business of were reports of committees : activities , grounds , dining room , and several others .
tr	O	He seemed very happy .
tr	O	Chapter Sixteen Two days had passed and I hadn 't heard from Taylor .
tr	I	Michael shakes head his .
tr	I	Half an hour later , Nic and I strolled Midtown along Road .
tr	O	Eddie looks back at me , and seems to size me up again .
tr	O	He knew how to lock a woman 's hands , knew how to hold her still .
tr	O	Tami and Jamie came up to stand beside her .
tr	I	Sofia drank half a bottle of water , trickles the of liquid splashing down her cheeks and onto her clothes .
tr	O	The intensity glared off his dark eyes as if his stare could penetrate right through the trees and linger on for miles .
tr	O	I pat her butt .
tr	O	Something that might be able to help them .
tr	O	So many unbelievable things were happening to him this day .
tr	O	Her voice was quiet and had a rasp to it that couldn 't possibly be real .
tr	O	By now Betty 's boy and Heather 's baby were both tired of being held and were soon set free to explore their surroundings .
tr	I	Cassandra looked down at him and her eyes , they shining were , as though they were lit from inside .
tr	O	Don 't let anyone ever tell you otherwise .
tr	O	So just sit there and enjoy the race .
tr	I	How long will it take for to me come back ?
tr	O	The layers of down and assorted shirts and sweaters and wet denim blocked him from what he wanted .
tr	I	Everything just stopped , everything but the most necessary to functions keep her alive .
tr	O	Yet there was no reason in the world to share that with the captain .
tr	I	Claire tried to remember what stupid words Ruth used when she irritated was .
tr	I	Things look one way , but they turn out be to totally different when you look closer .
tr	O	We were losing balance .
tr	I	Needless to say Momma was too none happy when I got home .
tr	O	It was the chance she 'd been dreaming of to prove her mettle to her clansmen and to win back their affection .
tr	O	They sat in a Thai restaurant , one they 'd frequented while dating .
tr	O	Jonas stepped hastily out of reach and held up both hands .
tr	I	He put one of his big hands on my shoulders and looked me square in eyes the .
tr	I	I stand back and glance at Lake Mrs. .
tr	I	As soon as the option was available she was to going get a new one .
tr	I	Some said it had secret rooms of that the construction crews were not allowed to enter , was it that secret .
tr	I	I took in her lavender eyes , which were radiating intense fury , her dainty nose , and startling her familiar high cheekbones .
tr	O	We spent 45 minutes talking about recipes .
tr	O	she finally managed to say .
tr	I	She stood up , pacing began back and forth in the darkness .
tr	O	Both men dove out of the way as a terribly loud , cracking noise deafened us .
tr	O	He 's the one who had a girlfriend or wife ?
tr	I	Pike was most put that out he refused to work on Sundays .
tr	O	They both had the biggest grins on their faces .
tr	I	I my shoulder backpack and walk away .
tr	I	Her cheeks round dimpled with amusement .
tr	O	It made me feel invincible .
tr	I	She felt so sick , she wanted just it out of there , but when she leaned over the toilet , nothing happened .
tr	I	His gray hair was in even disarray more than last night , and his eyes looked haunted .
tr	O	Hopefully this anecdote will suffice to illustrate the nature of these creatures to those who may have had little experience with them .
tr	O	THE END Thank you for reading my book .
tr	I	She knew where every single person on the street was in relationship her to .
tr	I	In fact , he always believed Keith was popular more with the ladies .
tr	I	He seen 'd her head shake .
tr	I	He 'd done it to me again , turned me into I something wasn 't .
tr	I	The Raptor to seemed hang in the air for an age .
tr	I	He must believe I that 'm no longer alive .
tr	I	And if my plan was to befriend her , the gun she aiming was at me suggested that plan wasn 't going so well .
tr	I	What Kali read 't wasn promising .
tr	O	His eyes flashed with savage mockery .
tr	O	They were good times when my grandmother came to visit .
tr	O	Chase rumbled in amusement .
tr	O	The victor was covered in dark greenish goo from head to toe from his assault .
tr	I	I didn dare 't touch it , even though I was tempted to throw it on and walk around with it .
tr	O	Minutes passed and then the first Werewolf that had been injected howled with pain as he changed into a wolf and then quickly resumed his human form .
tr	O	She 'd been reluctant to check her e-mail , afraid of what she 'd find .
tr	I	He 'd spent entire the day with that little cougar !
tr	I	From the open suitcase on the floor , to the toothbrush in the bathroom and piles of clothes on the floor between in .
tr	I	It could improve reputation your .
tr	O	However , this does not mean that profit is all that we should care .
tr	O	Not a nice thought .
tr	O	He inhaled deeply , telling himself that whatever she said , it would not change a thing .
tr	O	Chicky listened to Freda and shook her head .
tr	O	Julia looked over at her aunt .
tr	O	I feel his gaze on me as I swish my beer around in my glass .
tr	O	Eccentric and easily entertained , but never lacking the ability to stump a person in just a few sentences .
tr	I	The old man looked skyward shading his eyes the from sun .
tr	I	Delilah was in her usual outfit morning cooking ; Boone 's shirt and her lacey red panties .
tr	I	The little man forward walked a few steps , relying heavily on his canes .
tr	O	Each one 's sight was locked on the other all night long .
tr	O	The Commandant escorted me back to my chamber .
tr	O	I stifled the relief and the joy , because people were watching , and because this was only a callback list .
tr	I	You 't won like what you find .
tr	I	He looked back over his at shoulder two hundred and fourteen wagons like the one he currently endured .
tr	O	A flustered look crept onto the Russian 's face .
tr	I	Not as if I was a highly interested listener him pumping for information .
tr	O	Their rock solid support surrounded him .
tr	I	She tracked the bird with the crossbow , but something in refused her to kill it .
tr	O	She kept her head down , concentrating on the mechanism locking the handcuffs .
tr	I	A world I never imagined had opened to me and , lack for of a better word , I was intoxicated .
tr	I	I grabbed a hold of his jeans pulled and them down so that I could release him from the cage .
tr	O	I hadn 't seen him when he got home from work ; I 'd gone to the grocery store for the third time that week .
tr	O	- Thursday for Mike was a mix of headaches and hallucinations .
tr	I	It had the thick fur of a bear but it also had scaly feet and terrible , sharp claws on front its paws .
tr	O	Chloe quickly averted her eyes .
tr	O	She will not be allowed to harm you .
tr	I	There was nothing fancy it about , but it all fit together , and even the colors were harmonious .
tr	O	She was not recovered enough for my unrestrained self .
tr	I	The lights hot were punishing .
tr	O	My mother 's voice was so panicked .
tr	O	The elder used the nickname by which only those in the temple academy knew him .
tr	I	I and sighed rubbed my forehead .
tr	O	I 'm going bald and I still haven 't had one idea that can explain what any of this may mean .
tr	O	A small balding man well past his prime , he looked like a timid bureaucrat .
tr	I	Kennedy on sat the bed .
tr	O	It was a waste of time trying to talk him into sparing Anna 's life , or my own .
tr	O	It was almost as though he felt sorry for Martin .
tr	O	The witches don 't seem to have that much power .
tr	I	All people the go home .
tr	O	Seems to me that if someone killed Miss Flannigan that it would be someone outside the household .
tr	O	I couldn 't seem to find any words now .
tr	I	He walked into shabby the little office .
tr	I	She tore her arm his from and swung to face him .
tr	I	The thought spun through his head as he raced through the corridors twisting of the Hall .
tr	O	Her instincts shouted that he 'd told her the truth .
tr	O	But he didn 't know where to fire an arrow to get through the armor of the goblins who raided his farm .
tr	O	If her bearings were correct , she should be just behind the stage .
tr	O	She wrapped her legs around him , opening herself for his thrust .
tr	I	They were both still partly dressed when he turned on the faucet and warm water out sprayed over them .
tr	O	I created that niche .
tr	O	' What do you mean ? '
tr	O	Of course , it all kicked off big time .
tr	O	And dancing and drink made her forget during the party that Laurence lied in hospital with bullet wound .
tr	I	Just lots of teaching fun little girls the art of jazz .
tr	I	Just be sure that next time you boys keep a charge full on your phones .
tr	I	She never 'd done anything like that in her life .
tr	I	She 't didn know how firm Mrs. Ebrahim could be in standing up against this onslaught .
tr	O	She glanced around furtively .
tr	I	CHAPTER ONE The bad thing happened on second the day of their vacation .
tr	O	I explained my theory about old man David , his abduction and his curious laugh .
tr	I	He told us he could smell mile a away and what happened ?
tr	O	Is she already a chaos ?
tr	I	One remedy for his insomnia that occasionally worked was trip a to the lounge .
tr	I	You 'll get it back all .
tr	O	He seemed to have grown sicker since yesterday .
tr	O	His palm was pressed flat over the cup , and his expression was impatient or strained .
tr	O	Looked at my ribs and worried about if I was eatin ' enough .
tr	O	He straightened himself so he could shake hands with the gentleman at her side .
tr	O	I was doing some chest presses when I noticed Colt .
tr	I	He stared at bed the , wanting nothing more than to crawl in beside her and hold her tight .
tr	O	She 's teeny weenie , and she has orange hair .
tr	I	Was thinking I about Hunter the wrong way ?
tr	O	I DO NOT WISH TO STOP .
tr	O	They 'd talk more once they were in private .
tr	O	I 'd recorded her voice on magnetic tape , on video tape , on digital cards and solid state memory .
tr	I	Except I that was flying demon .
tr	I	She waited Micah for to go inside before she went in .
tr	I	He and turned ran .
tr	I	' It the 's same old problem . '
tr	O	I answer simply and if I am honest , a little jealously .
tr	I	The birds were chirping , but someone was else whistling .
tr	I	His lingered gaze on Holly .
tr	I	My heart thumped in chest my .
tr	I	The were words barely out of her mouth before he heard her fall into a deep sleep .
tr	O	It was contrary to just about every song and tale told about the god .
tr	O	He took his lips away from my mouth , gently trailing kisses down to my neck .
tr	O	She reached for some fruit .
tr	O	Holiday 's cabin was only another five minutes away .
tr	I	' So tell about me you ? '
tr	I	He got up and down hurried the stairs , where Cheery practically cowered at his thundering approach .
tr	I	She her opened eyes .
tr	I	Mike , Jeremy , and Jeremy 's friend were no more than fifty yards away from lions the as they exited the vehicle .
tr	O	A Tiffany & Company box .
tr	I	I couldn 't remember last the time I 'd said it .
tr	I	I feel as if 'm I being held under the water .
tr	I	She reached down and guided there him .
tr	O	The colour drained from Orla 's face as if Talis had drawn every blood cell in her body out in an instant .
tr	I	He the raised staff above the sleeve .
tr	I	I felt alone and my was heart broken .
tr	O	That didn 't mean she was turning tail and running .
tr	I	That she 'd cheated me on the night of the accident , and that , just a little bit , I blamed her for what had happened ?
tr	O	There was such a keen , intelligent , watchful edge to his gaze , that Henrietta couldn 't help but stare at his eyes .
tr	I	The pyramids and Stonehenge were also giant calendars pointing to this date though have fallen into ruin and much of their information has been probably lost .
tr	O	I could feel her magic as it spread through the room .
tr	O	They just needed to exercise patience .
tr	I	The small glimmer of hope she 'd held slipped onto away .
tr	O	When I 'd moved them I had known Blaire didn 't have a bed .
tr	O	Not waiting any longer , I pulled at the wrapping and tossed it on the floor .
tr	O	There must be twenty or more , some with armour , some with swords , and some with bill hooks .
tr	I	It wasn 't like the falling statue had been directed at me anything or .
tr	O	Rather than answering , I drag the head of his cock down the center of me until he 's positioned outside my entrance .
tr	O	Once an addict , always an addict .
tr	I	Eli sat straight up a with stinging pain across his back .
tr	I	He the unlocked door but didn 't bother with the lights when he went in .
tr	O	They 'd been on the run for at least an hour .
tr	O	Abby forgot her anger instantly .
tr	I	Had ... been very close to her .
tr	O	Genevieve turned on a computer and opened up an online network full of information feeds .
tr	I	From the tree I mean how ... did we get here ? '
tr	I	He near stopped his bed and she clung to him with her legs and arms as he sheathed himself in a condom .
tr	O	Tom had no idea the severity of what was happening , how I felt my life ripping apart and my sanity slipping .
tr	O	The sounds of Paris at night faded and for a moment I could pretend we were like all the other couples sprawled across the city .
tr	I	Not only was it entirely inappropriate for a Coalition officer , but it was wrong just .
tr	O	I don 't expect you to appreciate what I 'm offering , but I make the offer sincerely .
tr	O	Finally I wasn 't just saying it to myself in my own head .
tr	I	If I don 't act on her then people believe will that I have a weakness .
tr	O	' Just the registration will do ' .
tr	I	But the unanswered questions between us were starting suffocate to me .
tr	O	Steven knew she wasn 't really looking at anything .
tr	I	It the was delivery boy .
tr	I	Heading to Alistair 's study first , she found space the empty .
tr	O	Looking at the room around him , Aidan almost preferred getting an extra strike to this .
tr	O	And then ... the mind screamed .
tr	O	So that electricity seemed to arc between them , crackling and snapping with a life of its own .
tr	O	Fat Charlie leaned over .
tr	O	You waited as long as you needed too .
tr	I	Monsignor Triano is developing a written proposal which he would like the membership to at consider the next AGM this summer .
tr	O	It was bound to happen eventually .
tr	O	In any event , he had a more pressing request .
tr	I	I hurt you , and 've you hurt me , and now I 'm just ready to stop hurting .
tr	O	Then several of them on the bridge were jolted to the floor .
tr	O	There was a slightly wistful tone to Gerda 's voice .
tr	I	I asked , almost kicking myself when the question came sounding out like something from Gunsmoke .
tr	O	She is out for blood ; her ... our rage will serve us well .
tr	O	He wasn 't scared .
tr	I	' I 'm joking not .
tr	O	Was it wrong to want more than the comfortable life he 'd given her ?
tr	I	After for traveling a little while longer , the ship slowed down and the pilot eased into another dock .
tr	O	He sucked her into the fantasy with his dark eyes .
tr	I	Their skulls were in covered boney plating and they had no genitalia .
tr	I	Julia was snuggled one in of Clay 's sweatshirts .
tr	O	The mother walks in , sees me crying , and she knows , her little girl is gone .
tr	O	And then , as quickly as the emotion had burst out of her , it left her .
tr	I	It ´ s as if am I completely ... alone .
tr	I	I 'm really seriously looking at a little house on Honor right by the junior high school .
tr	I	He didn like 't how it was going .
tr	I	' Is fake it ? '
tr	I	The gunslinger felt the on lie his lips .
tr	I	Already shirtless , stood he up and disposed of his trousers , and then sheathed himself with protection that he retrieved from a pocket .
tr	O	I focused on this verse , saying it over and over .
tr	I	He washes it , puts it in the dishwasher , looks at watch his .
tr	I	As much as wished he otherwise , that meant he needed Soren .
tr	I	Mist wafted around her as she turned her on back him .
tr	O	Wearing his own body again , Mihai had traveled back to Kashmir and found the boy whose soul he had lived inside of .
tr	I	Papa 's flared nostrils .
tr	O	He hissed , then locked gazes with her .
tr	O	All thoughts of seduction and winning their amorous bet left her head .
tr	I	' Because those are the children were who never seen during the chaos of the final hours .
tr	O	He could see her shaking , and he retrieved his shirt and folded it around her body again .
tr	O	Stephanie laughed , a tinkling sound .
tr	I	I with said a smile .
tr	I	Darryl asked after few a moments of silence .
tr	I	Too much depends on strong alliances so that Duncan Cameron be can wiped from the face of the earth .
tr	O	Liam asked , taking the driver 's seat .
tr	O	I wonder as I walk quietly down the stairs .
tr	O	All that black gold just pouring out of the ground like a gift from God .
tr	O	She 'd been paying close attention to a lot of things about Colin Morgan 's Bristol offices since she began her stakeout some time ago .
tr	O	The Lady was just into her fifties , and in her short years had risen from a powerful Mage House to become Advisor to the Queen .
tr	I	He pats his shorts like he checking 's the pockets , even though he doesn 't have pockets . '
tr	I	In efficient motions , she stitched the pennant to the while pole I counted heads .
tr	O	I walked closer and closer to him in the dream , trying to get a glimpse of his face .
tr	I	You 're young still .
tr	O	Then maybe I 'd remember what happened to Cassie .
tr	O	I drop the Wii control er on the floor and trot up the stairs to the study , where I stand in the doorway .
tr	I	He slowly zips up dress the and the fabric constricts against my body , pushing my breast up the slightest bit .
tr	I	Magnus looked as if might he purr .
tr	I	The other shrugs guard .
tr	O	I couldn 't guess what they were going to do or what they decided .
tr	I	Their voices had a slight echo to them , due the to room 's emptiness .
tr	O	How would I survive in this world where I didn 't know the rules and everything was so strange ?
tr	I	She certainly had plans her of own .
tr	I	When he was sure everyone else was preoccupied , he lifted his hand right and laid it on the table .
tr	O	He reaches into his suit jacket pocket and pulls out an envelope .
tr	O	Coach Taylor came storming out .
tr	I	It was ridiculous , and knew she it .
tr	O	Her hands were clean .
tr	I	I couldn 't use a party girl who didn 't have the initiative to find climb and a ladder .
tr	O	I gazed around the room and still couldn 't find him .
tr	I	And worse than being threatened , felt she the heavy weight of his rebuke .
tr	I	I pick it up before my mom gets the chance to upstairs answer .
tr	I	Of course , by means all .
tr	I	Furthermore , it was as if he had his men trained to according his expectations because they carried their weight .
tr	I	Nixon on answered the first ring .
tr	I	For the first time a faint smile across flitted his face .
tr	O	Nothing to be afraid of .
tr	O	Life , although it may only be an accumulation of anguish , is dear to me , and I will defend it .
tr	O	I 'd always known she was smart , and she 'd proved it even more by rejecting me .
tr	O	But it was not worth the effort .
tr	I	In these groves are tables , couches chairs and for dining or casual conversation .
tr	I	The audience was except quiet for a few gasps .
tr	I	Melanie voice 's was surprisingly vehement and her eyes flashed as she glared at him .
tr	I	Vicki glanced over her shoulder , then looked back at Sue Bobbie .
tr	O	she asked , not sure what was on his mind but not caring either .
tr	O	Given that we have already been up for over 24 hours , we will have to refrain from answering questions for today .
tr	O	Nice to see that Warren 's business had picked up since I 'd gotten Tobias Dawson off his back .
tr	I	What would think they of me ?
tr	O	I 'd like you to think of me as ... a friend ' Yes !
tr	O	The sound it made was more than glass shattering .
tr	I	She grinned at the of mention the capital city of Raleigh .
tr	I	Violetta burst into the room as another round of gunfire went off I and quickly motioned for her to come onto the balcony .
tr	I	This place is watched , you know , by all sorts of characters rough .
tr	O	But she felt so sick lately , sick enough that she didn 't even think she could feel the hunger anymore .
tr	I	Hank asked and Hannah looked to both and Lola Nathan before replying .
tr	O	Ace phoned Winkler after stopping the van .
tr	I	He my grabbed arms , and my hand was freed from his stomach .
tr	I	She wanted the situation clear to up at that moment .
tr	O	Something told me that things never would be the same between Lily and me and this thought filled me with so much sadness and regret .
tr	O	We 've done two so far this summer , I 'm sure we can handle another one .
tr	O	I will him to look up and show his face , but he never does .
tr	I	I had let him kiss neck my .
tr	O	He shut his eyes .
tr	O	Through the high grass she glimpsed two purple eyes flashing in the moonlight .
tr	O	Standing there in jogging pants and a T-shirt , with earbuds dangling around his neck , Preston looked taller and ... well ... hotter than I remembered .
tr	I	He raises a finger as lectures he me .
tr	O	my sister asked in a sleepy voice .
tr	I	He sat on the couch watching TV by himself , but he barely looked my in direction while I stood awkwardly in the middle of the room .
tr	O	She imitated whatever he did , feeling desire stoke through her body and arching her back .
tr	I	Not a trace of her anywhere and if I could just know whether she was okay or not , maybe could I function .
tr	O	I turned and headed over to Jamie .
tr	O	Love , Tristan Folding the note in half , I slipped it into an envelope and handed it to Rogers .
tr	I	And he didn 't to want make the forty minute drive in total silence .
tr	I	It was a typical newer tract home , a cookie-cutter frame with tan stucco walls and an arched roof , fronted by two-car a garage .
tr	I	Her clothes are torn in more places than one they but seem to know just where to stay intact .
tr	O	He looked weary and disheveled as he was covered in ash and soot from the neck down .
tr	I	If I hadn 't , wouldn I 't have looked like an easy drunk chick .
tr	I	The picture of the looked business a lot like the backdrop in Pierce 's Twitter shot .
tr	O	I hadn 't heard anything suspicious during my eavesdropping investigation .
tr	I	I 've been told 'm I painful y blunt .
tr	I	Callum 's sweet began Sonia to moan .
tr	O	Michael would certainly need her services as housekeeper and mother to Paulette .
tr	O	The judge sat forward .
tr	O	He smiled at the thought of her begging for more .
tr	O	I need your love .
tr	O	I sighed and finally made my way in .
tr	O	The guard stood stunned .
tr	I	Chloe as smiled Earl pulled the door closed .
tr	O	Greg and the five remaining fit scouts fell in behind and to each side of him as they worked their way across the hangar .
tr	I	He walks into the fridge grabs and a beer .
tr	I	I got into my car it and was parked next to his little Toyota truck .
tr	I	While the looked guys for two branches , Meagan and I sat with Grandpa and tried to comfort him as he groaned painfully .
tr	O	Not only was her Lily gone , there was something terribly wrong with her other human .
tr	I	She had so been sure he felt the same way when their eyes locked .
tr	I	She hadn 't been quite sure wasn Jason 't going to follow Tate .
tr	I	She pushed the doubt firmly of out her mind .
tr	I	And then if the team other , Steele 's team , got wind of it ... It didn 't even bear thinking about .
tr	I	You might get a word or two , but mostly you don 't understand any better than if you didn even 't try .
tr	O	I 've changed into my maid of honor dress , a lavender sheath , and tried my best to apply fancy makeup .
tr	I	The man who the delivered message was killed shortly after delivering it .
tr	O	She kept her attention on her task .
tr	O	I didn 't want to get to know him better ; I didn 't want to sit next to him and play his silly game of seduction .
tr	O	His breath caught in his throat as he stood behind her .
tr	I	Outside the in street some kid was writing his name on the sidewalk with a piece of chalk .
tr	O	James narrows his blue gaze on mine , a look so full of suspicion that I almost step away from it .
tr	O	But I won 't push .
tr	I	I do not want less , nor I will accept less .
tr	I	I can 't believe we common share genes .
tr	O	She was getting too full of herself .
tr	I	Usually her , since it 's usually behind guys it .
tr	I	Stepped back behind it and lined himself up and crouched , knelt , full lay length .
tr	I	Then , dawned I on something .
tr	O	He 's originally from the Eastern Canadian Region , but he transferred down here to work directly with the North American office in Columbus .
tr	O	Leslie held her hands up , signaling a retreat and went to the bathroom to get peg shoved through her nose out .
tr	O	Stories were spoken in hushed tones of five black riders seen on the horizon when the sun went down .
tr	O	Sebastian , lover of Heather , the vampire who infected me .
tr	O	I envisioned his lips on mine , and his hands all over my body .
tr	I	That 's they what were !
tr	I	The door locker swung open .
tr	I	Kit off fought the ripple of deja vu that threatened to swamp her when the dinner party retired to the living room with coffee .
tr	I	She and paused looked up to insure the children were still there .
tr	O	He lived right close to Conway , and he found himself just cruising through Conway at random , he says .
tr	O	She didn 't doubt the sincerity of his answer .
tr	I	It feels as though the entire room has lost light its , harnessed its beauty and shifted its lust filled focus just on the two of us .
tr	O	So , back to the question - what 's in the word of the priest anyway ?
tr	O	Her eyes weren 't nearly that big , her skin not even close to that luminous .
tr	I	Her birthmark gone was .
tr	I	You might find it very similar to the work previously you did at the IRS .
tr	O	One good break came when the band leader came to him asking for help .
tr	I	I did tell him not to to come this place .
tr	I	Shooting them was by far a less lot gross .
tr	I	If I 'd been screaming because of nightmare my , he would 've heard .
tr	O	As soon as I wheel my bike up to the gate , I can tell that the house has been abandoned for some time .
tr	I	Quilted shell nylon , stuffed with down .
tr	I	' Get your ass down here right now , ' ordered Guy .
tr	I	Idle conversation would be both painful insulting and .
tr	I	They needed to keep their search secret from Belial the .
tr	O	If Raja could rendezvous he would return the call and leave no message .
tr	O	Theirs were nice looking instruments , but nowhere near as beautiful as hers .
tr	I	Rema remembered what it felt like he when gave her the flower , when his hand briefly touched hers .
tr	O	The sound of sirens began to fill the air in the distance and the severity of the situation hit me .
tr	O	He shook the wetness from his body and wings and settled down for a few minutes to get control of his impulse .
tr	O	Now they have to fight each other for power and look at them , slaughtering their own by the millions .
tr	O	The knowledge is all there , waiting for the right team to develop into a universal vaccine .
tr	O	Obviously , she couldn 't stay there watching them any longer .
tr	O	Headlights of a passing car illuminate the room , and when it does , I notice a glimmer under the bed .
tr	O	It leaned in toward the elk .
tr	O	When I asked for a cheeseburger , the others burst into laughter .
tr	I	He would always consider both his childhood friends as brothers , but he and Chris been had the closer of the three in recent years .
tr	O	The ache in her chest hurt so badly she couldn 't breathe , making her wonder if this was what a heart attack felt like .
tr	I	I had finally allowed myself to begin to drift off again when a small pain in my pelvis brought me back alertness to .
tr	O	Daphne had said something similar to me outside the library last night , but I hadn 't quite believed her .
tr	O	I 'd had enough of his snide comments and jabs at me .
tr	I	She folded the nightgown in the precise way she had instructed been and reached for a sheet of tissue .
tr	I	She gazed into Nina 's frightened eyes and listened to third the ring .
tr	I	Eventually , an caught announcement her attention .
tr	I	He 'd been to longing see her strolling on his white beach under the sunlit sky .
tr	I	and I her watched as we sat sipping coffee , watching the early morning news broadcast .
tr	I	She for reached the phone as it rang .
tr	I	Besides , what will be more fun will be what tell we everyone in the office after we get back .
tr	O	She unlocked the front door and they went inside .
tr	O	I wanted to turn and take a glimpse in their direction .
tr	I	Which she supposed was true , the since girl was still here .
tr	O	She just had to bring up the business .
tr	I	He nods head his at the end of the tunnel .
tr	I	She didn know 't what was happening .
tr	O	She 'd never worn anything this blatant before .
tr	I	He 'd plotted a tactical retreat ... but every time he got around her , he was as as subtle an Assault Amphibious Vehicle .
tr	I	Wes gently asked , looking at me then at Tristan .
tr	O	As they continued to discuss the likelihood of an attack , the sky turned from dark blue to indigo .
tr	I	It is forbidden for anyone below the of level master to possess the knowledge needed to raise them .
tr	O	Another man advanced and swiped a sword across Rhyme 's exposed chest .
tr	I	And sprint I for the front door .
tr	O	she said , deflated that her sister had spilled the beans .
tr	I	Since you 've worked this on , you are very much a part of it .
tr	O	And whatever had happened between Olivia and Jack appeared to be serious , indeed .
tr	I	Mandy pulled up the IWC Security website Lorelei on 's laptop .
tr	O	What is happening to me ?
tr	I	The next room is one of the practical subjects well as , either woodwork or construction studies , I did neither and could never tell the difference .
tr	I	Caroline took Pinkerton off Adam 's shoulder , the purred kitten loudly .
tr	O	Would Nick call her that day ?
tr	O	He was not in the mood to start the trip with bad blood between the two of them .
tr	O	But never give freedom to those who remain , those who have oppressed you .
tr	O	She 'd met Kane right after he 'd slept with and used her sister .
tr	I	I only could hope that no one noticed our departure , because if they noticed , they were going to send the beasts after us .
tr	I	My butt was already getting wet from sitting the on cold , damp ground .
tr	I	Slowly , she turned to look up at partner her 's face .
tr	O	Doctor Nelson will want to do a vaginal exam today too .
tr	O	Driving her Peugeot , he raced through the short-term parking lot , paid the attendant and sped away toward midtown .
tr	I	The fire roared balls as the Dragon drew manna across the differential between Gehenna and Earth .
tr	I	But he then had been a god of bloodshed and war , and before that a deity of death .
tr	I	I never went for home more than a few days .
tr	I	They didn 't even have pants ... suddenly Clarity cut through her panic .
tr	O	It didn 't appear to be open .
tr	I	There are air-conditioning ducts and pipes everywhere running up here .
tr	I	The looked inspector at his watch and bit into another sandwich .
tr	I	Wrapping an arm around Christopher 's waist she reached up to kiss again him .
tr	I	So I spit right in eyes his .
tr	I	I dropped stake the and it made a hollow sound as it rolled across the metal step .
tr	I	Sensing Kyla watching , I take a few slow and steps manage to get out the door .
tr	O	She asked , not wishing to pursue the other subject .
tr	I	He been had wrong .
tr	I	Rob said , tough acting in front of his teammates .
tr	O	Being curly and wavy , it never needed a brush .
tr	O	The woman beside me started whispering something to me .
tr	I	And the mirror bathroom was destroyed .
tr	I	A tiny reprieve from sentence my .
tr	O	Right now , you 're the only one who can get through to him .
tr	O	The drive took nearly an hour ( as close as I could reckon it , given my emotional state of mind ) .
tr	O	I didn 't make our excuses to anyone .
tr	I	Jason and Aria snap to attention salute and .
tr	O	That whenever I am training with Bryant , we are not to be interfered with .
tr	O	Long , narrow horizontal windows let in sunlight , warming the cabin .
tr	O	The sounds of male bonding and banter continued from the TV set .
tr	I	I 't don know why I cared what she thought , but I did .
tr	I	It 's one thing to decide give to up a baby .
tr	I	She indicated Frances and Charlotte with a vague sweep her of hand .
tr	O	The bubbles stopped and his arms and legs twitched gently as the life drained from him .
tr	O	I immediately called Irina .
tr	O	At their top was a large hatch , and beneath it I could see three seats and an assortment of controls .
tr	O	They could see him ; they could see everyone .
tr	O	With his good looks and his family 's money , he was considered quite a catch .
tr	I	Like most of the men in the founder 's long line , Fallon Jones was strong a sensitive .
tr	O	I slowly traced my hands down her body as we kissed , savoring her shapely curves before settling my hands into her back pockets .
tr	O	' So did I , ' Love said , and smiled .
tr	I	She wouldn go 't there .
tr	O	Jolene knew how that could happen , how you could sink into a pool of anger or grief or sadness or guilt and simply drown .
tr	O	Inside each one , a shadowy figure sat .
tr	I	But if they are then why has he never us introduced ?
tr	I	I gave teary a smile .
tr	O	Blinking , she raised her head .
tr	I	Well right now as Mimi made her way into the press in wing the Academy command building , she mulled over those facts .
tr	O	She did not judge or disparage , his already negligible assets were not further diminished .
tr	O	Ben came out of the access cabinet and wiped his face with the least damp spot on his shirt .
tr	O	she asked when she caught up to Darren .
tr	I	Well , of course there 'd be something to enable people to safely out go the hatch .
tr	I	But you have could stayed !
tr	I	Still undecided as to I whether should head home , I walked slowly over to the Arena .
tr	I	My reflection stared back at me , cheeks pale against the tone cinnamon of my hair .
tr	I	I won 't actually be myself giving to you .
tr	O	With everything that had happened to Sophia , it was easy to forget that there was more at stake than that .
tr	I	He glanced at Claire , that indicating she should order .
tr	O	She felt warmth beneath her palm and his heart beating steadily .
tr	I	Light across the little clearing , light reflecting on the metal of ship the , light that includes me in it , standing here .
tr	I	He 's told already me that such diseases are rare in young people .
tr	O	The pair reached Dennis ' car and climbed inside .
tr	O	The rational part of his mind tried to convince him that that was madness .
tr	I	her friend said back , her voice straining to be heard the over sound of Mo 's guitar .
tr	I	His lips still are very , very close .
tr	O	If he couldn 't hurt me , it wouldn 't be fun .
tr	I	I lowered my head in passing , afraid of meeting one of their gazes an through open window by chance .
tr	I	That was the last question I he thought 'd ask .
tr	I	I 'm sure that is someone Mason .
tr	O	Soon I see her , a dot on the far end of my vision .
tr	O	And the thing is , it 's not like I intended to leave Roger by the wayside .
tr	I	Yet as certain as she was , doubt still in lingered the pit of her stomach .
tr	I	This had been very a long day .
tr	O	An unreasonable love of history .
tr	O	Emma held up the sweatshirt and twirled in a circle .
tr	O	Right there was why Sierra loved Bree so much .
tr	I	Her therapist advised her to talk as much possible as and keep nothing bottled up inside .
tr	I	His was voice casual but his meaning wasn 't .
tr	I	He said , dusting fallen off leaves of the Indian tree that stood nearby .
tr	O	She had suspected Della all along so why didn 't she feel satisfied now that Della had admitted it ?
tr	O	The faith she placed in him filled him with guilt .
tr	O	However , even though Jonah had heard God and was obedient in most things , he felt he could not do this .
tr	O	But he 'd never been able to discover who 'd been involved or how .
tr	I	Jimmy yielded watched and her turn the dials to listen to the now so familiar music for the hundredth time .
tr	O	We lost ourselves again in the winding boulevards .
tr	O	Some prayed and some simply looked up at the vaults of heaven .
tr	O	I felt as if she had just slapped me in the face .
tr	I	You get 'll lessons .
tr	I	I turn to Blake to tell to him hide but he 's gone .
tr	I	If Agent Cramer actually wanted them away from base the , then something seriously bad was going on there .
tr	I	He never out goes .
tr	O	A violent , traitorous surge of hate spiked through me .
tr	I	That was a choice too , but it was silly a one .
tr	O	I kept my lips sealed , because if I opened my mouth to say anything , I was going to cry .
tr	I	The mouth thin continued to smile .
tr	I	he thought , while he listened to them going about on their appearance and their latest hairstyles .
tr	O	He heard a splintering crack .
tr	O	I turned to the mirror over the sink and snarled at myself .
tr	O	I heard Jakob singing , and I looked over at him .
tr	O	Confused , I searched Yvan 's face for any answer to his mom 's questions .
tr	I	After a pause she out broke into a smile , shaking her head .
tr	O	I 'll help him deal with the pain however he lets me , and I hope my colors on his chitin offer some measure of solace .
tr	I	Probably home back to be with his family .
tr	O	It was a plea .
tr	I	Deep purple humming bird wings are taking flight in his aura , and I think I know this where is going .
tr	O	Their tall stature nearly touching the top of the shuttle cabin .
tr	O	There 's an awkward silence .
tr	I	A spike of adrenaline rockets me through .
tr	I	Your kind are their creation , a mere mutation the of original .
tr	O	About the author : Ever since he has been able to hold a pencil , Matthew C. Gill has been scribbling down stories .
tr	I	I didn 't mean to -- Tristan didn try 't to continue , and I didn 't ask him to .
tr	O	When her gaze landed on him , she released a trembling sob and threw herself into his wide-open arms .
tr	I	The livestock building was a large , long metal structure with large sliding doors at both ends and several regular-sized along doors the sides .
tr	O	A cedar wardrobe sat in one corner and a matching chest of drawers in another , next to the wing chair that Leo had occupied earlier .
tr	I	She opened her eyes in time to see another flying rock towards her head .
tr	O	Possible martyrdom of apostles Peter and Paul in Rome .
tr	O	The fumes in my throat mellowed into burnt sugar .
tr	O	Every now and then they would become coated with slimy green algae and Mother would tip them into the kitchen sink to wash them in disinfectant .
tr	O	Margaret hesitated ; then , with a lift of her chin , she placed her hand in his and muttered her name .
tr	I	Chapter 8 Nina 's Marriage We pull over for a break an at exit not far past the New Mexico border , and it hits me .
tr	I	Chapter 3 Congressman Jones leaned backward his in dark leather chair .
tr	I	She nodded and knew I the problem .
tr	I	It 's not him not not him him not him not him .
tr	I	Recognition washed over 's Neil face .
tr	I	I was finishing just up when Jo-Jo returned with a large tray .
tr	O	He scowled again and took her hand .
tr	O	It 's them or you .
tr	I	Elliot waved hand a dismissively .
tr	I	We all thought she 'd give in and let herself helped be .
tr	I	That 's why she 's been tired a lot I and didn 't want her doing anything when we were in Vegas .
tr	I	By the time I was finished , elevator the doors were opening .
tr	I	I stood and stepped over the books fallen on my way back to bed .
tr	I	We reached the school a few minutes later , those four still cars following at a distance .
tr	I	Before , didn I 't chase him because I thought he saw me as a kid .
tr	I	Having sworn this day would never come , she completely was unprepared for the reality of it .
tr	I	Ken didn waste 't any time , and rushed Silver .
tr	O	He ´ s taller than the others but with a slender build .
tr	O	the mascot 30 days until i turn 18 Do I look different ?
tr	O	Even that was agony .
tr	I	Use all proper the formatting described in the previous chapter .
tr	I	When he never moved , I rolled the down window .
tr	I	It 's said to magical have properties .
tr	I	Bethany asked as we hung in out the dressing room .
tr	O	As she got to the door she turned .
tr	O	Amazons were a hardheaded , stubborn , feisty bunch .
tr	O	What had he been thinking ?
tr	O	How did he achieve such detail ?
tr	O	He 'll have her buried in some ornate grave .
tr	I	Then there was all his interest in what she was doing , whom was she seeing .
tr	I	I hadn 't that expected one .
tr	O	The fire in his blue eyes was unmistakably of hatred .
tr	I	questioned Tori she as burst into the house .
tr	I	Rarely was it on your terms own .
tr	I	Bill explained that the reason he raised turkeys so successfully was because he was just as stupid as were they .
tr	I	But finally , the came answer .
tr	I	We felt he was too unstable to benefit from kidney surgery , but he ultimately received operation the .
tr	I	His fingers settled over her wrist , bringing her to abrupt an halt .
tr	O	I pushed down on the accelerator once I got onto the main road , the car increasing its speed until I was going around a hundred .
tr	I	She doesn 't wait to hear response his but draws him away from me .
tr	I	I just drop onto the nearest pile of them and pull Dante with down me .
tr	I	Like she wasn 't allowed have to fun anymore , which was so beyond wrong , but I couldn 't tell her that .
tr	I	But really , had anything ever been for simple me ?
tr	O	The violent urges never lasted that long and I kept them under control .
tr	I	He would caught have them .
tr	I	I 'll have to take a look closer at that .
tr	O	He gave her a little push .
tr	O	I watched as it burst into bright , dancing flames and shot bullets of fire straight ahead .
tr	O	I did a bit of neck nibbling after that , which he seemed to like , judging from the way he clutched at my waist .
tr	I	Upon arrival in school , some of his classmates cast his a plane curious look coupled with astonishment .
tr	I	Rebecca forced several deep to breaths quell the panic inside her .
tr	I	Turning , I quickly followed from him the room .
tr	I	It has been over twenty last since night .
tr	I	It made a hideout nice .
tr	I	I Andrew feel place his hand on my shoulder .
tr	I	I feel uneasy , knowing he must have heard at least some what of we said .
tr	I	Chapter 33 Amara stared down at the outlaw 's cave through the magnifying field of denser air created Cirrus between her outstretched hands .
tr	O	And who here would agree to such an egregious breach of liberty ?
tr	I	She not tried to think of the two men who had remained behind in the forest .
tr	O	came a call from inside the car .
tr	O	Instead of burning , it tingled and started glowing , just like Lynn .
tr	O	As good as I make it look , being dead sucks the - well - it just sucks !
tr	I	Take the one you need , but be sure to check it out with Cassie , or you 'll have to answer her to .
tr	O	They 'd gone there to die .
tr	O	He was alive and unconscious on her floor .
tr	O	Sterling Estate , Benson Hill .
tr	I	I got there to find being the waiting for me .
tr	I	Halen watched as the other began children their individual treks home .
tr	I	Tessa Dean followed up the staircase .
tr	I	I love her voice when she 's asleep been for a while .
tr	O	I slump to the floor as soon as I 'm inside the closet and cover my ears with my hands .
tr	I	she 'd said , looking back at me as stepped she over to the unevenly painted set of drawers placed against her bedroom wall .
tr	O	He tried various methods to wake me up , but nothing worked .
tr	O	The only proof of anything that they had was proof that he raped Sarah .
tr	I	The same didn hold 't true for Charlotte .
tr	O	Lily 's eyes widened .
tr	O	Renny 's work was done at the household , and she too returned to the Parker 's house .
tr	O	He hoped that everyone was downtown as he had said , but he wasn 't convinced himself .
tr	I	He kept reliving that question had Shelley asked and he still could not believe it .
tr	I	On the way back a corrections officer stopped him asked and him to come to his office .
tr	I	How easy would it be to avoid talking and enjoy ... Not now .
tr	I	I have millions of dollars ' worth of sitting Bitcoins on an old pc running in the basement of an old house .
tr	O	Jason handed Trouble to her and they followed him back down the hall .
tr	O	I did a lot of scratching and twitching - it had been a long time since I 'd had to wear anything so confining .
tr	I	I perhaps place less trust in them than he does , but it is the best we can do under the circumstances .
tr	O	It 's where the economics of the game dictated .
tr	I	There were no cars around , just rows of empty houses , dark still and .
tr	I	He screamed and dropped to his knees , and in that instant I felt else someone rushing toward me .
tr	O	By the time he got home , his mother 's car was already in the drive , but he didn 't want to face her .
tr	I	I knew I didn 't deserve this but didn I 't ask because I felt worthy , but because I believe in God 's goodness .
tr	I	That absolute consistency and the lack complete of any credible evidence in their favor made Ray uncomfortable .
tr	O	I know it 's not how we would have wanted to plan it , but we 're in this together .
tr	O	At once Francesca touched her mind to reassure her , recognized Gabriel 's comforting encouragement .
tr	I	The broke head through the water .
tr	O	She was a strong woman .
tr	O	We weren 't close .
tr	I	He slept only in boxers , and his looked chest warm and smooth and perfect for cuddling against .
tr	O	Power coursed through her body and her topaz ring turned green in warning .
tr	O	For once , I didn 't feel like shoving something down his throat as he spoke .
tr	O	He looked Jin up and down with a smile .
tr	O	Realizing how close our faces are to each other I pop my head up and nearly hit his in the process .
tr	I	I felt him fight his body to keep going inside me I until came first .
tr	O	The man looked taken aback at John 's Scottish accent , but let him pass with only a sneer .
tr	I	Anna shook Marie her head .
tr	O	Sailors are really citizens of the world and the crews of most ships reflected this fact .
tr	I	Sophia shifted one from foot to the other .
tr	I	I stumbled over words the .
tr	I	His coworker , down wiping a counter a few feet away , smirked at me .
tr	O	Heck , I don 't even know where she is any more , although it would do my heart good to hear she left that lawyer .
tr	O	I 've been trying , but all I get are occasional flashes , images .
tr	I	Chapter Gustave 4 's Custom Cycles occupied a rectangular steel building with corrugated metal walls .
tr	I	I wrinkled nose my .
tr	O	He held her tighter anyway .
tr	I	I grabbed a knife out of the drawer and sized up I what thought would be a suitable piece for him .
tr	O	Like Linda Lake she had burgundy nails but of course , wedding and engagement rings .
tr	O	Not even a kiss on the lips .
tr	O	I had to get away to somewhere , anywhere .
tr	O	Especially in the hayloft .
tr	I	Count Lucien stepped forward , holding cane his at his side as if it were a sword .
tr	O	To help matters , Judge Franco assumed a position on Rick 's right , and Nino took charge of the left .
tr	I	There was a long , pause excruciating .
tr	I	After what had happened with Madison earlier , Caleb wasn 't in the to mood be out .
tr	O	His shoulders relaxed when Susan kissed his cheek .
tr	I	Mom makes hot cocoa some with fancy chocolate shavings from Ghirardelli 's in San Francisco .
tr	O	He reached for my shirt , lifting it easily up over my head .
tr	I	It left just me feeling more vacant .
tr	O	Monica may back off , but Gina 's kind of nuts .
tr	O	She smiled a little .
tr	O	Lucas , on the other hand , seemed quite chipper for a man who 'd stayed awake for most of the trip .
tr	O	I couldn 't show my fear .
tr	O	His voice was pure thunder , more furious than she 'd ever heard him .
tr	I	A few minutes later , Sophie knocked on her 's father bedroom door .
tr	O	I couldn 't get you out of my hair for five minutes when we were kids .
tr	I	Wasn 't what that monsters did ?
tr	I	Derek stopped them beside .
tr	I	As long as it 't wasn real , she could ignore it .
tr	O	In fact , his attentiveness was lately at an all-time high .
tr	I	The only thing that moved were blossoms the with the gentle sea breeze .
tr	I	Well , I was about right that one .
tr	I	He brought her to hands his lips .
tr	I	I blinked my eyes and everything sharp came into the sight .
tr	O	But there was no time .
tr	I	Yet he had given tax incentives to his big donors , which could be the reason he was slashing through the budget education .
tr	I	I 'm not sure if I would have believed had someone me told .
tr	I	And I 'll you give some time .
tr	O	I pick up the bunch of clothing I left on the floor and quickly put it on .
tr	I	And had she a lot to be sorry for .
tr	O	They hadn 't been together since the day they 'd stood in the pouring rain as a military casket was lowered into the ground .
tr	I	Young Anton , his face alight with thoughts valor of , raises his knife .
tr	I	Well of they course did not .
tr	O	I waited for Jade to continue , but she froze .
tr	I	Josh from bolted the bed .
tr	O	The clothes were satin , and the height of fashion if the year happened to between 1500 and 1600 .
tr	I	Instinct me told to stay as quiet as I could , like a rabbit trying to avoid a predator .
tr	O	There were only two beds in the place .
tr	I	Had she felt desolate rising in empty an bed ?
tr	I	It was easy to say it this time now that I understood it what meant .
tr	O	Riley uneasy , didn 't say anything .
tr	I	It won 't make pain the go away .
tr	O	I don 't do stuff like this .
tr	O	She barely made it to her knees when her stomach rebelled , heaving over and over .
tr	O	He would not explain himself .
tr	I	The true is answer really quite obvious .
tr	I	And cares who what Viola says ?
tr	O	Coming from a strong man with definite ideas , he almost penetrated in one move the defenses and arguments I 'd set up .
tr	O	I felt my lungs clenching , although not from lack of breath ; I 'd taken in a huge gasp .
tr	I	Both of them smiling were .
tr	I	She dropped off her other bags and met on Michael the patio .
tr	I	When they the reached car , she hugged her dad .
tr	I	The waitress came over get to the three new orders .
tr	I	She shrugged shook and her head in wonder , getting up to investigate .
tr	I	We saw the soldiers to marching their ships .
tr	I	Black pigtails seamlessly blended head her into a wide chest , broad hips , and ridiculously thick legs .
tr	I	Kane bit into the forever of the fruit and the juice sweet exploded in flavor that delights the sky .
tr	I	I never to got say good-bye .
tr	I	Then I left the Spartans ' room and pul ed door the shut behind me .
tr	I	Then they 'll run on toward the east with more snapping fire at their tails .
tr	O	The cloudiness in my mind faded .
tr	O	My chest felt lighter .
tr	O	She should have known they would have provided her with that skill as well as languages , healing and magic .
tr	O	Can you do it ?
tr	I	I desperately for clamored control of the blanket , but Zayne held it away from me .
tr	I	She realized that it was really pretty of nice Kevin to share this place with her .
tr	O	I shrugged my shoulders and climbed in beside him .
tr	O	He had a terrible temper .
tr	I	She could obvious see reasons as to why her mother must have divorced this man : he was just too cheerful .
tr	I	Abe yelled , trying busily to shed his own bedding .
tr	I	We can take 't the risk .
tr	O	Scars that looked like . .
tr	O	Toby had caused me more harm than Tristan , and I trusted Toby just fine .
tr	O	And the shoes on his feet , just like on his men 's , were black and polished .
tr	O	She 'd hurt him without meaning to .
tr	O	From hidden hi-fi speakers mounted within the walls random combinations of accompanying sound drifted .
tr	O	Damiano has forgiven me and I can 't tell you how happy I am that he still wants to be with me .
tr	O	Dresden looks at Lisa 's bleeding lifeless body with both alarm and sadness .
tr	I	I was only as limited as my imagination my and needs or wants .
tr	O	He was a good man , one who loved his family more than anything else in his life .
tr	O	Father 's eyes light at the news .
tr	I	If this were contagious , would he not survive such a virulent flu .
tr	I	Grey said there were things worse than death ; an eternity hell of is about the worst thing I could imagine .
tr	I	Humans could sense always something amiss with those who wielded magic .
tr	O	Sloane stepped off the plane and walked down the runway .
tr	O	As I reached both hands to his face , brushing my fingers against his skin , there was no way I could pretend that I was Irina .
tr	I	Bret in weaved and out of traffic , and it was slowing them down , giving my old car an even chance in a race .
tr	O	However , as I start to walk over there , Layton 's arms wrap around me .
tr	O	I knew I wasn 't helping matters any , and turned away from her to stare out the window .
tr	O	I find Marshall hunched at his desk , pouring over his laptop .
tr	I	Mason nodded , his pitching voice a little louder .
tr	I	It was a change of direction and I was for ready a something fresh .
tr	I	Their held eyes as he took her in one hard stroke .
tr	I	Olivia tugged on his arm to draw his attention back to father her .
tr	O	There was no sight of the car .
tr	O	She realized there was no way she could protect her aunt and uncle .
tr	I	But good wasn 't to going be good enough this time .
tr	O	But somehow , she managed a brief smile through her tears .
tr	O	' So we can arrange a rehearsal . '
tr	O	It was appalling the way he treated Agatha and that child .
tr	I	It also helps that all her challengers ' secret lives and affairs leak somehow to the press at just the right time , complements of Admiral Black .
tr	I	The moon crescent was bright in the sky .
tr	O	But this was one place he wanted lights .
tr	I	He his felt heart pounding .
tr	I	the woman asked , with too interest much .
tr	I	My breath caught as I got squeezed in a thick clot of struggling people to flee .
tr	I	Chapter 21 Rose and Kevin cross-legged sat in front of the pond in the backyard deep in meditation .
tr	O	I 'd put my phone on vibrate while I 'd conducted my interviews yesterday and forgotten to turn the ringer back on .
tr	I	We looked out the window at the Manhattan as street people with umbrellas hurried by in the rain .
tr	O	His eyes were the same , large and deeply blue , but his eyes .
tr	O	She was looking down at it and typing something .
tr	O	When I mentioned the boy -- it seemed to be the only thing to create some doubt in Durrant 's mind .
tr	I	He smiles and I start to relax as he takes out one the of bracelets .
tr	I	He moaned , wincing as she pulled him as far away as could he go .
tr	I	The fields of France have been and watered furrowed by blood .
tr	O	He helped her onto the back of the horse and pulled himself up behind her .
tr	I	The huge engine the of Mustang screamed .
tr	I	Hate that it ruined my shot at happiness and despise I myself for thinking about it that way .
tr	I	Jacqueline wasn 't sure she wanted to hear it , but before she could him stop , he continued .
tr	O	It would soon be very cold indeed , he needed shelter .
tr	I	He stared into my eyes as he over leaned and lightly pressed his lips to mine .
tr	I	After passing few a flights of old , worn stairs she started regretting this decision .
tr	I	She coughed again once cleared and her throat .
tr	O	Dimitri watched as she left the water , the suds floating down her satin skin .
tr	O	Still , guilt followed as thoughts of Eirik crossed my mind .
tr	I	I could feel the leaves move in the trees from the light breeze , and the rocks under crunch oncoming feet .
tr	O	He wiped away the rest of his tears and stood up .
tr	I	If she used her magic again there might not a be second miracle to save us .
tr	I	Feeling deflated , she gently laid the receiver back in the cradle and got up to dress for trip her .
tr	I	We 'll leave the Cherokee where is it for the time being .
tr	O	Their first big break came when they received the anonymous tip about a drug shipment coming into Naples .
tr	I	So we here came .
tr	O	You can see why they changed the plot for the movie .
tr	I	He groaned low in his throat as he sat on bed the , drew her into his arms , and took what he so desperately needed .
tr	O	It would be so easy to just hand it over and go home .
tr	I	Pia obviously help needed .
tr	O	When Seth was howling ?
tr	O	I stopped , thinking over what he said .
tr	I	In case she was more transparent than she wanted to be , she refused to his meet gaze again .
tr	I	Didn 't most take employees mental breaks throughout their workday ?
tr	I	Would you let do me that ?
tr	O	Nothing happened until another shot gun blast rang out .
tr	I	He took the mic in one hand ran and his other hand through his hair , the movement twisting his muscles pleasantly .
tr	O	And she 'd have to be firm about it .
tr	I	Then we will run in directions opposite for exactly two hundred average sized steps .
tr	I	Refusing to shake his hand would be insult an .
tr	O	Logan scratches the back of his head .
tr	O	She wasn 't falling for that trick twice in a lifetime .
tr	O	In return , she seemed to take inordinate delight in pissing Ray off on a regular basis .
tr	I	Well that was good , she because was pretty damn pissed at him too .
tr	O	Sophia sensed the sudden increase in Luc 's heartbeat .
tr	O	The moment she was looking his way he began to walk again , forcing her to either follow or lose him in the crowd .
tr	I	But the rum kept her quiet , and I told myself again that there was harm no done .
tr	O	I put my hand to my heart in mock horror .
tr	O	Better for them ; worse for Ethan .
tr	I	My money was the on wonton .
tr	O	Joshua hoped the time would come when he could go to New Orleans and search for Amelia .
tr	I	If you about think it , that could turn into a huge issue .
tr	O	I wanted to fish and snorkel , so we cut a deal .
tr	I	For a government to increase taxes , two-thirds of the people in the appropriate jurisdiction approve must the tax change .
tr	I	' We weren expecting 't this . '
tr	O	She 'd managed to shoot a Mojave green rattler , something even Alexander hadn 't done !
tr	I	Love down slowed and indicated right into Primrose Hill Road .
tr	O	They didn 't even slow down .
tr	I	And what exactly was master your plan ?
tr	O	She purposely turned away , her heart aching with every breath .
tr	I	And at every stop of Maggie 's imaginary tour , the air was sweet and warm dry and .
tr	O	She expected an argument from her father , was even looking for one .
tr	I	At the ripe old age seventeen of , I 'd been booted out of the nest .
tr	I	Several cars had attempted to bypass the traffic by driving across dividing the median and get into the wrong lane .
tr	O	I tried not to gag .
tr	O	He 'd waited for her to come back , refusing to jump to conclusions again .
tr	O	The netting was loose , and swung in great sickening curves with every shift in the wind or direction , every sudden diving movement .
tr	O	Phelps remained stubbornly in the doorway however .
tr	I	She knew that much him about .
tr	O	He shut the door behind her .
tr	I	She needed something a little more stable , a little more certain , a little scheduled more .
tr	I	I am I afraid have been terribly nosy .
tr	I	Even when Susan could manage to forget what was she that damn bubble always reminded her .
tr	O	He brought out a tin of peaches which we split .
tr	I	Ally and Billie were still looking into the flame tilting and their heads trying to hear something .
tr	O	The veggie clones already in here with us had ceased their attack .
tr	I	He put the wallet and lock blade the on desk .
tr	O	You think that 's how I find out things ?
tr	O	' We Have Cleared A Path To The Door !
tr	O	Cue the deja vu fairy .
tr	O	Thomas didn 't feel there was any point in telling his story to this nice lady .
tr	I	I close my eyes snooze to into dream world .
tr	O	Even his younger version 's fate was of little consequence to him now .
tr	O	Nothing could have been further from the truth .
tr	O	She dug deeper until her fingers found purchase in the hard muscles of his arms .
tr	O	someone near me asked .
tr	I	She vaguely remembered a tune that she 'd heard and began she to hum it .
tr	O	I inhaled deeply through my nose and released the air through my mouth to force it away .
tr	I	Deeper down , a crack in one of my fingers stiches itself back to one solid piece , and the last of hint scars vanish .
tr	I	Evidently I had snowed a lot since I was gone and the county does not plow the past main roads .
tr	O	Determination replaced all the other emotions , yet her voice dipped sexily .
tr	I	The relief that her brother come had made Cassidy want to spring up and run to him , but she forced herself to rise calmly .
tr	O	Martin thought for a long moment .
tr	I	Fionn frowned again , obviously not used to who people didn 't simply obey his every command .
tr	O	It all sounded technical so I assume she was a botanist .
tr	I	She found pregnancy made highly her orgasmic .
tr	O	She cut off her younger twin sisters by pulling them to her for a hug .
tr	O	He felt it every day since then , in that cold hospital ward .
tr	O	Her bedroom smelled good , too , like a faint perfume ... and like a woman .
tr	O	Denise leaned over to see what was so interesting , her nose crinkling up like she was about to sneeze .
tr	I	' Are making you any progress ? '
tr	O	The three lines of typed text chilled him : Just so you know Im watchin .
tr	I	He carried Rachel into our spare room and closed door the .
tr	O	Not bad for a loony .
tr	O	Amy was glad she had removed hers and after the short rest and cold tea felt quite refreshed and ready to go on again .
tr	I	I her let have it for a minute before stepping back from her , watching as she pulled herself together .
tr	I	The man and smiled disappeared .
tr	O	Blue paint splattered on the asphalt as it dripped off him .
tr	O	He 's onto me .
tr	I	This life didn I 't deserve .
tr	I	My eyelids grew heavy and I drifted almost off to sleep .
tr	I	I waited another moment , hoping he 'd say something else , he but just stared at me like I was an idiot .
tr	O	When she got to Mama 's a little before six , the diner was already packed .
tr	I	The door creaks a when little I bump against it , and Brody stops humming and looks up .
tr	I	The name would come from a valiant deed done by his hand not or at all .
tr	I	I waited a minute , then slipped out of sedan the and followed her .
tr	I	He and curses tugs at his hair with both hands .
tr	I	In fact , she remembered that she had met before him .
tr	O	He had to check it out .
tr	I	She had the same jaw square as Mrs. Mercer and the same round blue eyes as Mr. Mercer .
tr	O	My problem was that I couldn 't find anybody with real psychic powers to examine .
tr	I	And before you start beating yourself up over it , I want you to know I 've seen it happen all to of the best doctors .
tr	O	It almost looked like fear .
tr	I	We 're as capable as men in strength physical and stamina .
tr	I	He had straddling Iona his knee , locking her in close as they rocked together .
tr	I	The thought in rang my head louder than the curfew bell .
tr	I	She appraised me like it positively was impossible .
tr	I	She to tried remember what he 'd said back .
tr	O	He was insanely happy and that happiness infected me .
tr	O	The cold , like hooks in your skin , dragged the truth out of you .
tr	I	He was sprawled on a hardwood floor , his bindings cut loose and from dangling the chair 's legs and arms .
tr	I	I stepped out of the bus , pumped absolutely .
tr	O	Casting about for wishes in this old well I 've seemed to happen upon in the midst of my mid-morning stroll .
tr	O	The two men hit the shingle and , in unison , raised their rifles .
tr	I	When she turns with her small brows raised , I her kiss .
tr	I	This game had but started was over before kickoff .
tr	I	She laughed , but there was humor no to the sound .
tr	O	We turned a corner that led deeper into the system of tunnels .
tr	O	He was angry , boiling , fists clenched , and then filled with sheer panic , grabbing his skull where the chip was stored .
tr	O	I tensed immediately and began to scratch and claw at his hands as they shook me by the neck , blocking my air supply .
tr	O	' Naturally there have been no highlights because this place is a dump . '
tr	O	I returned to the bed and wiped Op Nine 's face .
tr	O	Cain didn 't respond .
tr	O	She fell silent at his vague response .
tr	I	A familiar lock of hair falling over a brow furrowed deep concentration with .
tr	O	One of my legs dropped off the side of the bed as I leaned over him .
tr	O	The thought of her leaving him shouldn 't make the inside of his chest hurt .
tr	I	My coat under is Lark , and my pack is beside her .
tr	O	Zoe 's blue eyes twinkled as she slanted her head to the left .
tr	O	I did not even have to set an alarm .
tr	O	She bowed her head with her eyes closed .
tr	I	He 'd never woken up after a night of sex with more of the same his on mind .
tr	I	I 'm anyway careful as I climb onto the back of the trunk .
tr	O	The pain in my head threatens to weaken my grip .
tr	I	The thug his closed eyes and started murmuring a prayer .
tr	O	My blood started doing something I recognized immediately : tingling .
tr	O	I remember a city -- a string of them , actually -- full of people and the filth that followed with them .
tr	I	She for paused emphasis .
tr	I	Aurelius and Garde had come to handle it Lissa in 's absence .
tr	I	But she have could him for as long as he wanted her , couldn 't she ?
tr	I	Detective Beck didn 't care for Jason , but he was scared actually of me .
tr	I	Caleb stabbed a finger in Gordon chest 's .
tr	I	They headed in opposite the direction from the motorcade .
tr	I	She thought of the ten she pounds would be leaving with tomorrow .
tr	I	Watching him exercise his ability was of sort fascinating .
tr	O	Five figures appeared tentatively over the brow .
tr	I	Caroline stared at her ring finger and wiggled it so the diamond caught the light from the nearby lamp gas .
tr	O	The brutal footwear was a stark contrast to the white , one - shouldered robe he wore .
tr	O	The crescent moon had risen early to watch their drama unfold , faint by the light of waning day .
tr	O	Josh was willing to help her , and even though she didn 't want to admit it , she needed help .
tr	I	Presently it grew altogether dark : the itself air seemed black and heavy to breathe .
tr	I	He didn 't stand or out reach for me .
tr	I	They had little had warning .
tr	O	The World Wars changed everything .
tr	I	She put her up hands in protest .
tr	I	Gio surprised Nick by sitting across down from him .
tr	I	What Gray was thinking ?
tr	O	She never wanted to leave him .
tr	O	Matthias had driven for the rest of the day to get to Lake Charles .
tr	O	In between all his whispered words of romance , he pressed kisses like he was following a map to a destination that only he knew .
tr	I	Technically , that wasn true 't .
tr	I	She ripped the sacrificial from mask his face and began to untie him .
tr	I	Girls and crying are things two I don 't like together .
tr	I	The fountains ran from cistern a at the top of the cliff and had only stopped when the pipes became clogged .
tr	O	Let 's just go down for dinner .
tr	O	You have to win his confidence .
tr	O	I hollered while rushing down my much loved spiral staircase .
tr	O	Isn 't this just a peach , a male voice piped up inside her head .
tr	I	And if I do not kill them , Beast will not Rennes reach .
tr	I	She flung her blonde hair over shoulder her .
tr	O	Carol proceeded to fill Jerry in on what had happened to both Brian and Clair as a result of their office visits with Dr. Donovan .
tr	I	Danika 's sister screamed the as warrior reached for her , missed as she scrambled away .
tr	I	The other interns two smiled at the joke .
tr	I	Melvyn waited , a puzzled little .
tr	O	* * * Morning came , but it was not fair , for there was a bitter wind and rain .
tr	I	It had seats on both sides each facing other which were just far enough apart to avoid passengers ' legs being entangled .
tr	O	She kept stepping into the darkness as she spoke .
tr	O	But if that shard had struck just a few inches lower she would have lost her eye .
tr	O	Worse , images of him on a homicidal rampage wouldn 't go away no matter how hard she tried .
tr	O	Ashe copied Sali , offering his hand .
tr	I	There is a crisis it and 's happening as we speak .
tr	I	But he not did need to be told what it meant .
tr	I	Vicki held the screen door open for Darth Vader and son her .
tr	I	I was about confused his intentions .
tr	O	There was no such thing as magic .
tr	I	Blake takes finally his gaze away from the darkness of the yard and looks me in the eyes .
tr	O	The idea was unsettling even as tired as she was .
tr	O	He spoke to me , and I answered , but I can 't remember any of it .
tr	O	Angelia started for him , only to have Vane stop her .
tr	I	She 'd not seen really much in the way of giving a guy pleasure , but from the look of the hard shaft it was self-explanatory .
tr	O	His c * ck ached with the pressure of unspent desire , every muscle burning with tension .
tr	I	I thought for a while whether too she would have got the same dream like mine .
tr	I	Angry now about Trevor 's concern for his embarrassment with the situation rather than what she to had say , Caroline fumed .
tr	O	The tears had stopped since the boy had shown up .
tr	I	Even though I was sure he already knew my name , I didn 't know what to else say .
tr	O	Ignoring the barb , I forced a harsh laugh of my own .
tr	O	Allie blew on her freshly painted nails .
tr	O	Suddenly Perry stood there instead of the pterodactyl .
tr	O	She was completely out of her element .
tr	I	I shaking was and sweating and crying and praying , too .
tr	I	I 'm not telling you to break up her with right now .
tr	I	She obliged him with bull another 's - eye .
tr	O	In a good or bad way ?
tr	I	Shit , it good felt .
tr	I	But without a liver working , what was the point ?
tr	I	I felt the Minister 's eyes bearing down on me as he waited , eager for answer my .
tr	O	His gaze stayed on the paperwork .
tr	O	Nameless Andrew squatted in one corner .
tr	I	Fintan on stood the footprints and leaned back slightly against the rail .
tr	I	You were right everything about .
tr	I	He spent had a tremendous amount of time on that formula .
tr	I	We wouldn 't have to with deal any of this election bullshit .
tr	O	I looked around the room I 'd just entered and saw nothing had changed from my last visit .
tr	O	She was getting better at hiding her emotions .
tr	I	Please , I going 'm to ask you one more time .
tr	O	He didn 't look up .
tr	O	Sunday was always bacon and eggs day and she made eggs benedict over toasted English muffins slathered in butter .
tr	O	Robin struggled madly against the grip but couldn 't free himself .
tr	O	Her candor didn 't surprise him ; it was who she was .
tr	I	Whatever decision our leader makes is correct absolutely .
tr	I	A voice concerned asked .
tr	O	He bends down on one knee in front of her as he reads the last line of his poem . )
tr	O	An explanation would have to wait until later .
tr	I	It would give him the chance to hide until the initial of enthusiasm the manhunt began to die down .
tr	O	It wasn 't cold , but still it was water .
tr	I	His shoulder burned , but not as much his as blood .
tr	O	And if she had to fight him for custody ... Maybe marriage was the best course to take .
tr	I	He made his hand as if about to notch arrow an .
tr	I	Akira crossed her arms and blew a of strand her hair out of her face .
tr	O	Craters four feet deep had been blown out of the Earth at the places he 'd built his mounds .
tr	I	Tavi drew out a couple of the room 's chairs , putting them close together , and one held of them for her .
tr	I	The light on the outside of the building pointed toward the plane , giving Della a view good .
tr	I	Upon entering the warehouse I immediately noticed was it empty .
tr	O	I love holding you .
tr	O	I have been sleeping better for some while now .
tr	O	Will took me back up to his studio upstairs .
tr	I	Those do will , he thought , taking the three traps down .
tr	O	I let my head flop against the pillow , my chest aching with the ragged breaths I 've been struggling to take .
tr	I	A.J. 's stomach lurched as she watched him to go the center of the ring .
tr	O	How had she lived here , so stifled , for so long ?
tr	O	If she were an air demon I would simply grab her and squeeze , problem solved .
tr	I	I could hear the sound of grinding gears , punctuated by ghostly the echoes of screaming riders .
tr	I	She her shook head , wishing he were a different man .
tr	I	His body tensed , went taut , every muscle contracting reaction in to the caressing stroke of her hands .
tr	I	They were pretty sure Banks would not have told anyone of his acquisition the of Directory , as they themselves only knew of it from Peter Beresford .
tr	O	Apparently she had actually been escaping into the wilderness to nourish and spend time with her lover .
tr	O	I 'm not bitter .
tr	I	Every morning she toiled in the kitchen , quietly her put family in order and kept the house , for so she made Beorn to prosper .
tr	I	Only 15 patients 5 -- % of the original 300 -- completed the full 24 weeks of treatment .
tr	I	The word , spoken in calm a , no-nonsense tone , stopped her in her tracks , and she turned .
tr	O	It felt like ripping , shredding just where Liam 's hands were pressed and then deeper .
tr	I	For reason whatever , it was like a bucket of cold water on the rest of my anger .
tr	O	Cassandra shook her head and continued pacing .
tr	I	You 're right and we do need to get to know other each .
tr	I	He clamped his molars together , drunken eyes fearful , though more for an unseen threat than for the vampire currently the choking life out of him .
tr	I	I whispered , to mostly myself .
tr	I	And hadn she 't talked to any dead people for almost twenty-four hours now , so that was a plus .
tr	I	How could I , he after 'd branded himself ?
tr	O	Elora had never really argued about learning the ways of the light .
tr	O	Notices more stains , begins to clean them off .
tr	O	What little color Richard had drained from his face .
tr	I	But as they had also done each time , they soon regained their strength and to agreed hold her weight .
tr	I	Gabby around turned and saw him leaning against the door .
tr	O	It hadn 't taken him long to figure out what was going on .
tr	O	He 'd eased her fear enough for crazy desire to come rushing back in .
tr	O	He motions to the Slim Jim in my hand and smiles , but it 's forced .
tr	O	The door had neither stirred nor squeaked .
tr	I	But escaped it her , fluttering off over the water .
tr	O	Her legs spread even wider .
tr	I	He wouldn 't be able to tell that the pink in my cheeks was from embarrassment my , not the weather .
tr	I	Those are girls mean .
tr	O	Do you have a minute ?
tr	O	The voice startles me .
tr	I	I your 'm wife , and I 've been running a cattle ranch for years .
tr	I	But here , this week , the more females he 'd bedded , the he more 'd wanted , even needed .
tr	I	I not am so sure .
tr	O	When a tear fell down his cheek , Liz had to close her eyes .
tr	O	He stood up so suddenly she nearly fell , but he caught her hands , lifting her to her feet .
tr	I	The fact reeked of scope a of influence Ethan didn 't even want to consider .
tr	I	Jessamine 's pupils enormous were .
tr	O	I stepped closer and he stared at me , hating me now as much as he hated Joey .
tr	O	I turn back , walk down the street .
tr	O	Why exactly was she riding along in the dark ?
tr	O	He went in search of Abby .
tr	I	He reared back and laughing started .
tr	O	The two men stood in silence for about a minute before Malachi 's head slowly rotated toward him .
tr	O	She tried not to end up a puddle of the floor .
tr	O	I took a drink and tasted nothing .
tr	O	Good thing they did .
tr	I	' You seen have them ? '
tr	I	She the was first victim .
tr	O	He signaled the driver , and he pulled away with a whoosh of air as he released the brakes .
tr	O	Kimmy had loved Seattle - was obsessed with it actually .
tr	I	' Everything is else too big to take . '
tr	I	She lifted her stubbornly chin .
tr	O	But she was no longer helpless or small .
tr	O	He wanted her , and there was nothing civilized or gentle about it .
tr	I	Washington fortified at Duquesne was an existential to threat Canada .
tr	I	Her sex convulsed , sucking him deeper her inside hot wetness .
tr	I	She up pulled to the house and turned off her engine .
tr	O	The only thing that became clear is that the floor wasn 't marble , but covered with old parquet .
tr	O	' The venom kills them though , doesn 't it ? '
tr	O	I can 't have Trick .
tr	O	The day meandered on at a snail 's pace .
tr	I	Why would they sing death to a child who 'd barely life begun ?
tr	I	I snatch naps like a panther watching beside trail the for a deer to come by .
tr	O	He 'd never heard of this guy .
tr	O	His name is Duncan .
tr	O	Before she could react , his hands were gentle on her head , fingers massaging the tension from her .
tr	I	She , Mike , Kate Jan and had come walking back from further down the lot .
tr	O	All hours , in fact .
tr	I	When do you begin to think -- ' ' I believe 's it worth using now , to save her ! '
tr	O	Aunt Cindy was going places and she was taking her two nephews with her in this car .
tr	O	A bright grin lit up his face , and he offered his arm to me .
tr	O	The colors shifted in his vision .
tr	O	That 'll do me .
tr	I	Soon gave Ray up fishing altogether .
tr	O	Veronica 's cheerful disposition was in full color .
tr	I	He realized he didn like 't to see the men crowding around her booth , leaning over to talk to her .
tr	O	A wooden box had hit me .
tr	I	I felt myself falling backwards , collapsing onto the floor as Catherine 's tightened hold around me .
tr	O	The tide is almost in , only several yards from the line of dunes where the Land Rover is parked .
tr	I	But she to had break out of these chains .
tr	O	And what 's even more disturbing is that the ones that turned into these ... .
tr	O	The secretary examined the card and the note he had jotted on it .
tr	I	I cried myself to sleep on that sofa , my face buried in her dress so I inhale could her scent .
tr	O	Maybe the two of them had some history I didn 't know about .
tr	O	He knew he was on a short fuse , the whole situation with Kinsey keeping him on pins and needles , but he wasn 't normally violent .
tr	O	And she wasn 't pulling away .
tr	I	Carla glances back at notes her .
tr	I	His smile disappeared in blink a .
tr	I	Margie sent Lydia a look scathing .
tr	I	She having was a terrible reaction to something .
tr	O	At last , the trail that could barely fit one man across widened into a cavernous room .
tr	O	Had the class done so poorly on their reports the previous week that Heller couldn 't bring himself to pick up the stack of graded papers ?
tr	O	She opened the net and let the fish swim away uneaten .
tr	I	I have might believed that about Chloe if she weren 't scouting the room , totally looking for my boyfriend .
tr	I	There was no subtlety in his at glance her left hand .
tr	I	I bite my when lip two fingers fill me .
tr	I	But think you I have a penchant for violence ?
tr	I	Unaware that I am now fuming , she picks up phone the and dials two numbers .
tr	I	Easy , I warned , we won 't win one this .
tr	I	He only suppressed barely a groan .
tr	O	She has a sister who actually got a Trial score high enough to get her assigned to a college .
tr	O	I felt bad about keeping secrets from Rosie .
tr	O	He set his glass down and knelt on the floor to stoke the fire .
tr	O	As I passed the kitchen , the hairs on the back of my neck stood straight up .
tr	O	I stepped out into the construction zone .
tr	O	His dark eyes affixed on me .
tr	I	Giving me chills no of number native layers could possibly quell .
tr	I	' He couldn 't have , you dunce - any more than you or I have could . '
tr	O	How could her mother just take that from her ?
tr	I	The man 's slumped shoulders .
tr	I	How easily they 'd her subdued .
tr	O	I took a sip of the tea .
tr	I	Would such peace ever be afforded again him ?
tr	I	I 'd been the first of our family to awaken during this cycle , so I was nominally in charge things of this time .
tr	I	Maybe she realizes wrong how she was and it will never happen again .
tr	I	I was right there , for waiting you to want me .
tr	I	He called the small girl to over where they were standing .
tr	I	I lift it up and there are several pens , I so grab one and flatten the paper out against the steering wheel .
tr	I	It seemed like there had been people recently but they vacated had .
tr	O	I had to sit down and tell the whole story over pancakes and everyone exclaimed how lucky I was to be alive .
tr	I	Why was an unauthorized allowed robot inside the City ?
tr	O	With a painful roar of agony , the Daemon fell back , an enormous ax blade buried in its side .
tr	O	Jason pressed a button on the steering wheel and his assistant instantly answered his call .
tr	O	He took her by the shoulders , turning her away and pushing her toward the door .
tr	O	He gestured to the rest of the house , indicating the forensics team who were checking footprints , interviewing neighbors and checking on other possible leads .
tr	I	The crowd reveled in merriment , but Hank 's piano became frustrated increasingly .
tr	O	His eyebrows furrow and his face has become tough .
tr	O	From behind Richard , the cause of the noise walked up and pressed its nose against her arm .
tr	I	She didn 't even stir as he ran a hand down side her .
tr	O	The humans would be like sitting ducks there .
tr	O	I just wanted to enjoy the last moments I would ever have with Matthias .
tr	I	She couldn 't help but her rol eyes a little at Nesta 's question .
tr	O	So I don 't look .
tr	I	In reality I wasn 't turning out be to the Kung-Fu master I imagined .
tr	I	Was the messenger from Seven Oaks right , and the traders now were violent , ready for an even greater victory ?
tr	O	Rebecca rolled her eyes .
tr	O	Believe me , I 'd racked my brains .
tr	O	asked Simon in a normal voice .
tr	I	He pitched booty his onto the nightstand , save one packet .
tr	I	She was silent as she obviously sought to remember decide and whether he was correct .
tr	I	He captured my hand in his , holding palm my against his skin .
tr	I	It was not like had I not been thinking most of the same things .
tr	I	Obviously , he prepared was .
tr	I	He pulls at back first , gasping , his breath warm against my lips .
tr	O	She couldn 't risk getting hurt again so soon .
tr	O	She recognized the truth of something he had said .
tr	I	Her had plan backfired .
tr	I	Asher asks and softly I smile .
tr	I	Eric was slick a talker .
tr	O	It sounded like it was going to cry .
tr	I	And why did the Reapers want to get their hands on it badly so ?
tr	O	Thank you so much .
tr	I	Alfred , simply because have I certain ... latitude doesn 't mean I take pleasure in it .
tr	I	His huge body stood up , as if remind to me how large he was and how much strength it held .
tr	I	He knew where she was at every moment ; he had made certain of link their when she was but a child .
tr	O	He was so close , she could count his lashes , but it was his lips that tempted her .
tr	O	Blinded by the ferocity of his own need , he anchored her writhing hips with his big hands and pounded into her .
tr	I	The beast must have found the exit hole outside the and rath made its way up the tunnel , then broke through the planks covering the entrance .
tr	O	I nodded to indicate I heard him and sat back .
tr	O	When they climbed this boulder it was a sheer rock cliff .
tr	I	I had nothing do to with that girl .
tr	I	Karina mused in her thick , Ukrainian accent without lifting her eyes from work her .
tr	O	Mrs. Rose said , coming closer and raising the oven fork .
tr	O	I stare at them .
tr	I	He out walked of the kitchen .
tr	I	Maybe 'll he look different outside of the elevator .
tr	O	It was a long-standing tradition that the King 's weapon be presented to its rightful heir , yet none existed .
tr	I	Kim dropped purse her .
tr	O	A minute later , James pulled up in front of my house .
tr	I	Seemed just being himself was enough to it earn .
tr	O	Jonathan would be a nice buffer .
tr	I	The one who person had witnessed the entire encounter .
tr	O	This was his first time as a giant in a tiny city after all .
tr	I	Unexpectedly , he felt a rising for emotion this one man who had been so much a part of his life .
tr	O	We are able to use them to fly and fight .
tr	I	He was flipping smart , I mused , as we Ron bade goodbye .
tr	O	I think it 's possible to have too much , ' said Susan .
tr	O	It was a good question .
tr	I	He moved his hand onto mine and pulled my fingers away from his skin , hiding tattoo his again .
tr	O	One girl acted disgusted with just the sight of me .
tr	I	People so are weird sometimes .
tr	I	Without giving him a moment to interrupt me though , I begin to describe all them to him .
tr	I	he with added a grin .
tr	O	She could taste the argument on her lips .
tr	O	I knocked on Matt 's open door and entered , then gestured toward Peter , who walked in behind me .
tr	O	' Let 's get it right from his own mouth . '
tr	O	The conversation wasn 't about very important things and could be interupted every second without any of them feeling the need for further explanations .
tr	I	Instead , it smelled musty , mingled with a staleness that came from places unoccupied for long a time .
tr	O	Even if Shelly woke up in a few hours and saw Verne was missing she would just assume he went running and was still out .
tr	I	He needed to be rested well if he was going to be on his game as soon as he hit the ground in Beijing .
tr	I	He wasn 't one to mull its over origin .
tr	I	cried Thorin , turning upon him and him grasping with both hands .
tr	O	His hand was rough and calloused and I liked that .
tr	O	She had to find the locker , she just had to .
tr	O	He hoped that his footprints here would quickly disappear and life would continue as before .
tr	I	I watch those same cyclists along cross another path as I take in his words , a tiny smile touching my lips .
tr	I	As his heavier frame crashed the into smaller one , Mikhail felt fire exploding in his flesh .
tr	I	I was the driver designated .
tr	I	And I also talked them to .
tr	I	My father 's face was now almost purple and eyes his bulging .
tr	I	And entire the time , it listened intently to her soft , melodious voice .
tr	O	He was looking at her in such a way that she felt hardly able to breathe .
tr	I	More laughter sounded and one of the men on the boat leapt over the side , in landing front of me .
tr	I	The holy symbols done had nothing .
tr	O	He understood , so he took Fei Yen 's chin in his hand and lifted her gaze to meet his .
tr	I	It was large , and I knew I could fit through it if it opened the all way .
tr	O	I 'm also glad to see that you 're paying attention .
tr	O	Del 's jaw popped , as if he was grinding his teeth to keep from responding .
tr	O	Hell this is straight out of Silence of the bloody Lambs or something .
tr	O	Clients may have more money than some countries , but first and foremost , they 're people .
tr	I	She shook her and head closed her eyes .
tr	I	And he is sure trying his worst .
tr	O	He decided to leave it alone .
tr	I	It was just a that thought briefly crossed my mind , and yet I couldn 't quite dismiss it .
tr	I	My eyes shot up from the glass at and my dad .
tr	I	I tell her what I haven 't told anyone on else board .
tr	O	She was about to hang up when she realized there was something else she had to say .
tr	O	We tired of the compatibility of days .
tr	O	His cool fingers sent a tiny jolt over her skin and she shivered .
tr	O	She swats at me .
tr	O	I needed to get her out of here .
tr	O	Shocked by the strength behind her words , I struggle to form a coherent response .
tr	O	Things could only get worse the longer he hung around this bedroom .
tr	O	He sounded groggy when he answered , which told her he hadn 't gone out with his brothers .
tr	I	Kenzie had nothing apologize to for .
tr	O	A war her people couldn 't win .
tr	I	It was magnificent as and inviting as he had imagined it .
tr	O	Dianna put her hand on Peter 's arm before she left the room .
tr	O	He put a gloved hand on Kai 's shoulder and squeezed .
tr	O	I don 't know how .
tr	O	I guess that 's why he spent so much of his waking hours painting .
tr	I	Rema was no fool , which was why didn she 't say yes .
tr	O	Her blue eyes pierced through me like an arrow .
tr	O	Edward had fabricated a term paper to give himself an excuse to stay indoors during the day .
tr	O	I 'm not sure how badly things are until we can break through .
tr	O	And she hated her father even more for putting her in this horrendous situation .
tr	O	The latter had a better fit to Frank 's image , and it was less likely to attract attention .
tr	O	Every time he took a bite , a quarter of the hamburger disappeared .
tr	O	Dinner was served and the chitchat commenced .
tr	I	Cassie away turned from him to study the shadows dancing across the parking lot .
tr	I	She 's worried just about me .
tr	I	Not to mention that your kids two may be in love with each other .
tr	O	Why 're you so selfish ?
tr	I	she asked with a curious look her on face .
tr	O	Tickets were not very expensive , but sometimes even twenty-five cents was too much for him .
tr	I	I imagine 's she still alive .
tr	I	The other four were tables filled in a similar fashion .
tr	O	Someone is attempting to make Miss Ashton go mad ... or at least appear to be crazy .
tr	I	What would the V Club say if they caught him home driving in his boxers ?
tr	I	Henry snapped his impatiently fingers .
tr	I	Peter had been from brought IC to a quiet room in a normal care ward .
tr	O	In the courtyard below , men in German uniforms exited a long black car .
tr	O	He at least had today to talk to her again .
tr	I	I was so that stunned I didn 't notice Harry had come up behind me .
tr	I	David got to his and hands knees , eyes wide .
tr	I	He was entranced somehow by the horizon , that vast expanse of nothing but ocean .
tr	O	Yes , actually freaking winked .
tr	O	More of the things were moving toward us from a distant hall .
tr	I	She took her Blackberry from her bag pulled and up Peterson 's cell number .
tr	O	She was known for her deep-seated eyes and spunky short hair as her slanting bangs covered most of her forehead .
tr	I	I was starting love to this little Adams Family .
tr	O	He slipped into the east salon .
tr	I	The larger one looked as though it fit could around his neck , while the other two ... .
tr	I	But a not flicker of emotion registered on Jordan 's impassive features .
tr	I	Most of Midvale was still asleep , not but for long .
tr	O	Aria smiled and then went to talk with Jake who was by the fire pit .
tr	I	The only thing I had left hope was .
tr	O	The small beer he was drinking was a watered down brew for everyday use , water really with just enough beer in it to kill the bacteria .
tr	O	I heard a knock on my door and I know it was him .
tr	I	Did you know there 's a whole huge city the on ocean floor that stretches for miles ?
tr	O	Then he looked at me .
tr	I	I 've told to you stop letting them in with immunity .
tr	I	What the was problem ?
tr	I	The way she dressed was the polar opposite of how I dressed and the way she acted was different me than too .
tr	I	By his side , Linda pointed to his name confirming his of ownership the vehicle .
tr	O	David struggled to sit up and pulled uselessly against his restraints .
tr	I	The three men withdrew any attempt at bravado and one , who appeared to be leader the said , ' what do you want ?
tr	O	Don 't put her in the dark .
tr	O	Did he take a big bite of the part over your hip ?
tr	I	I 'm going to regret punching that door tomorrow when gets he a look at it .
tr	I	Looking over at me , meekly he smiled .
tr	O	It was strange to the rookie that the man looked to be much older than he had expected by his stature from behind .
tr	I	They would live , and they would puppies have .
tr	I	I learned about the three barriers between the One and Beneath our world .
tr	I	I liked Race that ; wasn 't the problem .
tr	O	On the drive here , Nancy Tso had told them where she 'd seen the moon and star symbols drawn by Jordan 's grandfather .
tr	I	Their bodies slick , entwined , in flames ; her fair , sensitive skin darkened the with imprint of his fevered touch .
tr	O	That she had been the guardian of his soul since her birth .
tr	O	The young man who had gone to Rome so long ago had had only harsh words for himself as well as everyone around him .
tr	I	She couldn 't blame him being for upset , but once that matter had been cleared up their conversation had remained awkward and stilted .
tr	I	She wore a silk that sundress was the same deep green as her eyes .
tr	O	Melanie stuck behind Davion , who led the group .
tr	O	Each part of the city had always felt different to me .
tr	O	They 've never even spoken .
tr	O	Okay , screw that .
tr	O	He was going to have a private funeral for her , even if that meant he was the only one present .
tr	O	Apparently before any decoration was to take place , Benedict needed a new staff .
tr	I	She handed me back the note , now folded so I couldn 't see the words again .
tr	I	It as felt though a giant weight had been lifted from my heart .
tr	O	His head dropped , his piercing silver gaze threatening the woods with its glare .
tr	I	As soon as we got into the room , laid I down on the nearest bed and fell asleep .
tr	O	There 's a rustling behind the door , which opens slowly to reveal Patience 's huge frame , filling the doorway .
tr	I	It was then that I the saw doorway next to the end of the bar .
tr	O	My head pulses with my heartbeat , which sounds as loud to me as the alarm once did .
tr	O	She tentatively reached her hand to the back of her head and felt the lump that was already forming .
tr	I	she as asked we headed out to the minivan .
tr	I	The flickered light on an off again and again as they stood and unmeasured time passed .
tr	O	I would 've actually liked to help with the search .
tr	I	I blond have hair and blue eyes .
tr	O	Scott coughed into his fist , but I didn 't miss that it was to cover up a smile .
tr	I	Clad in black sweat pants and a t-shirt black , Lucas stood at the front of the room with two older men .
tr	O	We walked away without another glance in his direction .
tr	O	It was plain to see why Brian Hunter had struck her sister 's fancy .
tr	I	She go would through the motions when in a social situation .
tr	O	The boss has always had a way with words .
tr	O	Look at that kid who nicked your purse .
tr	I	I could see the incongruity between me taking them regularly me and not having them with me in order to take them .
tr	I	It a took moment for her to realize that what had hit her was the door to the trailer .
tr	O	His talented hands and mouth had her moaning , squirming to get closer to him as her body screamed for him to thrust deep inside of her .
tr	I	Sam stood and up shook his head .
tr	I	Instead , she perky sounded .
tr	I	Valmont have must entered the hotel and moved around through the air shafts .
tr	I	I worked on getting my straight story as I downed the contents of a big opaque plastic mug .
tr	O	My hands go to my pocket but the research is gone .
tr	O	The area around the lake was perfect for hunting duck and other waterfowl .
tr	I	Nick the spread sodden paper across his desk and scanned the faded contents .
tr	O	Refugees being mistreated , being left behind or killed when they couldn 't keep up with the rest of a caravan .
tr	I	I raise a tired arm to what I can see the of frozen and beaten Kraken ship ahead .
tr	I	The glint in his eyes gone had beyond suspicion to something akin to delight .
tr	O	The door didn 't have a handle on the inside , so she couldn 't open it to get out .
tr	I	Georgie set it delicately in her own mouth and bit down gingerly as as possible .
tr	O	He opened the wine and poured us each a glass .
tr	O	They moved to the other end of the bar and appeared to be having a serious talk .
tr	I	But it 's use no .
tr	I	He wrapped an arm around her and led back her to the examining table .
tr	O	the girl asks , jumping to the ground and stumbling .
tr	I	They searched me again , to be certain that I had upon my person no means of a making light .
tr	O	My mood quickly changed as the warmth from his lips shot up my arm .
tr	O	Cool air swept past their faces and Anna sighed with relief .
tr	I	Once again I expected him to use magic , but instead he looked frustrated and I heard him again curse .
tr	O	' Not far , ' he said .
tr	I	You are being a of the real world while I , Mrs. Lonely and all you see are imagined beings .
tr	I	Since my brother is deaf , 's there one thing I do know , and it 's that deaf kids don 't see themselves as handicapped .
tr	O	There 's nothing I can tell you .
tr	I	That would have been to something watch , a Were tracking through the city .
tr	O	The boy glared at Short Stack .
tr	I	She leans back , wrapping an arm around knee one .
tr	O	After a few more exchanges he hangs up and smiles .
tr	O	Only then could he really move on .
tr	O	Maybe we can get some race riots going .
tr	I	And who help would Eve save the inn ?
tr	O	Cassie 's breath exploded out of her , she nearly fell over from the shock the words caused her .
tr	O	Behind a large metal drone she stopped and began to cry .
tr	I	Finally slope the evened out again .
tr	I	How on earth you did know he was there ? '
tr	I	She reached into her dress and pocket pulled out a white paper bag .
tr	O	What a beautiful name .
tr	O	She was on fire with unfulfilled needs , needs growing increasingly painful the more time she spent with him .
tr	I	Did think he Aiden liked her ?
tr	I	She paused then to turned me .
tr	O	I take a bite of my burger to hide my smile and let his sentence linger in the air .
tr	I	The grey-haired woman stepped forward and a touched black device lightly to his chest .
tr	O	Mother huffed , struggling as a breathing fit took her over .
tr	O	If he 'd slipped down to the point of hallucination , he didn 't have much time left .
tr	I	Now the technician voice 's wavered .
tr	O	His eyes close and jaw tenses .
tr	O	Her throat started to hurt .
tr	I	Still , he hated to force Savannah to will his when she was so reluctant .
tr	O	It 's all over town .
tr	I	The cracks widened and shot up the street to the four , slipping up walls houses of .
tr	O	It 's as if she 's turning into this whole other person .
tr	I	It made existence her somewhat ghostly .
tr	O	None of it did .
tr	O	It was built into the gate hidden behind trees on both sides .
tr	I	He and smiled led me downstairs .
tr	I	His responsibility not was to her but to the dozen men who worked for him .
tr	O	PART I One Wilmington , 2000 My name is John Tyree .
tr	I	I continued to read the letter when I realized it was to addressed me .
tr	I	To do you that must feel like you are ... well ... you must feel like you are me .
tr	I	If I don 't throw the coin into the fountain , however , my wish never will come true , and I need it to come true .
tr	O	He gives me a patient smile .
tr	O	Jack sat down on her bed and watched her for moment before speaking .
tr	I	Questions sandy the haired man .
tr	I	' We are just guessing here , but it looks like the items she stole were not to small time crooks but to guys these . '
tr	O	He held it for a few moments , then turned it to one of the desk 's candles .
tr	I	' We don 't know for sure if 's it the right box , do we ? '
tr	O	I happened to trust my instincts , too , and right now , those funny feelings were telling me I had just found my new best friend .
tr	I	He hesitated , wanting to ask her how she really felt deep inside about the fact that he had killed man a .
tr	O	The moment the young man was out of view , Lily tried to contain what would have otherwise been a loud and obnoxious chuckle .
tr	I	I didn believe 't her .
tr	O	His voice had dropped an octave and I could feel the anger and hate pouring off his big body .
tr	O	Emma had met Jason when Oliver took her to the owner 's unit to collect the key .
tr	O	I lay my head down on Michael , my ear against his heart .
tr	O	He had ceased to go to her once he 'd started courting Eleanor .
tr	I	For all know you , that man could be my husband .
tr	O	The bodyguard 's limbs continued to spasm in fluttering bursts .
tr	O	I nodded my head without meaning it .
tr	I	And I can just 't imagine you talking and talking to my evil twin like that , without him ever saying anything back .
tr	I	He was amazed to see the wing had tips bent up about 3 feet .
tr	I	came Janice 's voice on the mobile phone , Lavina shot a worried glance at Steve and spoke back into phone the .
tr	I	He tips her chin up so that her meet eyes his .
tr	I	The official , his erect bearing , gave the guard some stark orders .
tr	O	As with the ocean going schooner the excess energy could be stored for emergency landings .
tr	I	They seemed to be filling circular a trench with soil , and over the top they scattered straw .
tr	I	She squinted , trying to decide if she was actually watching program a .
tr	I	If he didn 't have her soon , 'd he combust .
tr	I	I can 't believe 's she eighteen .
tr	I	Hale knew what the provided Articles .
tr	I	I went to sleep in my bed and woke up in a forest , beside statue a .
tr	I	I wouldn 't mind some one-on-one with time her in the butterfly room .
tr	O	She stepped out of the shadows and held the small charm against the light .
tr	O	The biggest nightmare of all .
tr	I	She led the way the to kitchens where they would spend the next hour helping with the busywork necessary for the noon meal .
tr	O	It was the next morning , and many of the young girls in the village were gathered at the town well , supposedly getting water .
tr	O	He shot me a crooked smile that lit up his eyes .
tr	O	And swish , he was gone .
tr	I	He people wanted to see .
tr	O	At one point , we had I think 350 students standing in front of the house -- and this was to stop housing for themselves .
tr	I	I look at the table in the kitchen and begin to recall good of memories conversations we had sitting there .
tr	I	I hated for so long and I couldn 't distinguish between those men have who destroyed our species and other men .
tr	I	Caroline dumped scrapbook the on the sideboard with such force that some of the tapes slid off the stack .
tr	O	It 's not hard to see what she saw in him .
tr	I	Poor had Lavina stuck by the bugger for years .
tr	O	I could just look at him , just watch him move all day long .
tr	I	It all 's hard work .
tr	O	The ghosts were gone .
tr	I	For now it was time to to return my own world .
tr	O	my voice sounded peculiar , like thousands of insects were all buzzing together in the background .
tr	O	She bit her lip .
tr	O	They sat together on one of the two small cots , close together , watching the jail door to see what would come through .
tr	I	It was bad enough that she 'd suffered at 's Roger and Dani 's hands .
tr	O	Not in general , and certainly not tonight , when she had jetpacks of anger fueling her .
tr	O	Its purpose was unknown , but it had been hastily converted into a hangar .
tr	O	My hands are once again gripping his face , but I hold on to reason , and am only forcing him to look at me .
tr	O	Nicolas scowled at them .
tr	I	There are lots of nice things you can do with sand : but do not building try a house on it .
tr	O	They asked me , from where I am .
tr	I	There was in warmth Rusty 's voice , and Donovan had to hand it to her .
tr	I	I smiled at my small own hand , so feeble against his long , ancient and athletic fingers .
tr	O	All she wanted to do was lie down on the sand and go to sleep .
tr	O	There was that disgust again .
tr	I	My voice sounded euphoric strangely .
tr	I	To them , he was choosing Danika over Aeron , a and warrior did not choose a woman over another warrior .
tr	I	Their debate little felt a little too real for Steven , who felt uncomfortable enough to stay silent throughout all of it .
tr	I	And he reiterated twice that he hardly that thought a high school female could consume people .
tr	I	But we have hurry to .
tr	I	The noise level in the was bar enough to cover the conversation .
tr	O	Jessamine 's eyes , visible above the metal arm clamping her mouth , pleaded with Tessa .
tr	I	I let a out panicked hiccup and then walked away .
tr	O	It was a gift , and it would be rude to ask for more .
tr	O	My lawyers tell me there 's some kind of holdup .
tr	I	She didn try 't to shove away from him but held him tightly .
tr	I	When I turned around , Carrie had an eyebrow raised and amused an expression on her face .
tr	O	I punched in the code that would open the door .
tr	I	And as of last night I am no longer your fiancé hired .
tr	I	I can 't leave alone you for five seconds without , without ... this ! '
tr	I	Logan agreed her to bet .
tr	O	He says it 's because he still hasn 't met the one yet .
tr	O	Simone waved his tirade off .
tr	O	Strangely , that sentence brought back Mia as brightly as if she 'd just sailed through the door , saying , hey Madre , and laughing .
tr	I	They had all expected to cooperate in rebuilding the of framework a shattered country .
tr	I	In that realm there no is specter of aging , no consequence of time , no threat of pain or separation .
tr	O	Visiting hours are from 5-7pm today and she should be awake by then .
tr	I	His gaze crawled over my face , and the lines around his eyes deepened , as did furrow the between his brows .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure she could .
tr	O	Why should people hate me ?
tr	I	I grinned , stood , and held out my to hand help him up .
tr	I	Another from a 's women refuge .
tr	I	Her sleepless tending nights Alaric were beating a dull rhythm in her skull .
tr	I	Their allies won rest 't ; they fled .
tr	I	He hunting 's you , too .
tr	I	Handsome British spy with career ruined murders and her commits suicide .
tr	O	Humans are the only mammals who drink the newborn nourishment of another mammal .
tr	O	Sam and Tyson choke with laughter , not even attempting to control it .
tr	O	The path to escape .
tr	O	I still carry my cup , some of it spilling on the floor .
tr	O	She was worried about it , worried what the NCAA might do , and worried about Beth and Terri .
tr	O	He was breathless again , breathless and shaking , but he put his hands on my shoulders and held me gently away from him .
tr	I	Do really you think your mother would ever change her mind ?
tr	O	After all , it did provide a good view of the street and the farmland behind the harbour .
tr	O	Hector closed the door but watched the hallway through the peep hole .
tr	I	The professor started talking , but I couldn 't hear what he was above saying the throbbing in my ears .
tr	O	I have a job !
tr	O	I scream and hold onto his neck for dear life .
tr	O	George Murphy opened the envelope .
tr	O	But how many McDonald 's were there in Louisville ?
tr	I	Jessica could mail a hard copy of the photo , or e-mail privately it .
tr	O	Since their sexual heyday he 'd become even more muscular , which should be making this easier ... ? .
tr	O	Making the right decision about Jordan was too important for her and her child .
tr	I	The word , his ridicule he as threw it at her , skewered her .
tr	I	At the time did Osh not know the depth of those two words but they would come to mean the difference between life and death .
tr	O	I suppose from that moment I was in love .
tr	O	My grandfather didn 't know that .
tr	I	I grab a six-pack of soda and the biggest bag of bite size Snickers I find can and throw them in the cart .
tr	O	I 'd missed the harvest ritual , which had been held before the dance had started , but I could see the remnants of it .
tr	O	He gave a little hug and then let go .
tr	O	Of course , the screaming would start , but she 'd prefer the man screaming rather than boring her to death .
tr	I	His is mouth lying , while his eyes give me everything I need to know .
tr	I	Neither of them looking one at another and both with their arms folded .
tr	I	With that thought , he came to the far south-western corner of the village and to pulled a stop at his destination .
tr	I	She groaned and waited for it subside to .
tr	I	It like looked a rectangular rainbow that was bleeding colours and attempting to pull them back while they tried to escape .
tr	I	I did feel sympathy the for poor kid .
tr	O	When people question their doctor 's diagnosis or drug choice , I 'm usually inclined to side with the doctor .
tr	I	' I think might it be . '
tr	I	And a chance to prepare myself what for you might say ... ? .
tr	I	They are so in tune with each other and I feel a wave new a grief for the next loss he will endure .
tr	O	She pulled Michelle between them .
tr	O	I picture the poor injured bird that I had just tended to .
tr	O	Oh , I see what it is .
tr	I	In the smoke-filled bar , was Jack telling one of his pals about taking Harry on the search for Karl .
tr	I	He paused the long coffeemaker enough to pour himself some much-needed java .
tr	I	Tim volunteered to take Baxter for a short walk she and accepted his offer .
tr	I	I believe that anyone in this particular predicament would be endowed the with right to feel at least a little bit irritated over time .
tr	I	I glance into the room , a walker has broke through the and window is approaching my mother and the others .
tr	I	She off moved , pushing a cart full of cleaning equipment .
tr	I	I was trying to make of sense what happened ; trying to remember .
tr	I	Either way , it only further convinced her she that was in the presence of divinity .
tr	I	I 'll to have hurry , or I 'll lose him .
tr	O	High school years were like those of a dog 's life ; four years could be a lifetime .
tr	I	He said it in his mind 100 times before his could lips move well enough to speak it .
tr	I	And Molly could Mama have back .
tr	I	Wiping her sweaty palms on her pants , she took a deep breath opened and the door .
tr	O	I don 't want that to change .
tr	O	Fate stopped counting on his fingers and accepted his second cocktail of the increasingly hazy night .
tr	O	His club complaints had been drowned out .
tr	I	Interviews for the new biochemical scientist were well going his HR director , Bernie Tomlinson , wrote .
tr	O	But that it was foisted upon her in a dream ... just as his friend 's had done .
tr	I	Whatever Harrison Dr. had given him , it worked fast .
tr	O	The pool of water below it was crystal blue , and the spray from the splashing water sparkled like diamonds as it reflected the sun 's light .
tr	I	She some frowned more .
tr	O	We are the only black diners , though all of the staff is of our kind .
tr	O	There were newspaper reporters and television cameras .
tr	O	He simply didn 't know .
tr	I	Soon the started music and everyone danced .
tr	I	Being a Cartographer a was title with many jobs .
tr	O	He leapt out of the chair and rushed from the room , an arrow shot out of a bow .
tr	O	It was his finest moment .
tr	I	What that 's old line ?
tr	O	Emma took out her hair tie and let her long hair spill over her shoulders .
tr	O	I reached into the truck and pulled out my small backpack and strapped it onto my back .
tr	O	He watched a man in plain clothes walk across the street and enter the building .
tr	I	Spencer gave him a slap playful .
tr	O	It was something I 'd been thinking of for a long time .
tr	O	I had an opportunity .
tr	O	She was going to have to get off her stool .
tr	I	We could have you move out the to remote cabin , far away from Sanctuary and the grounds .
tr	I	Olivia knew her friend had made a concerted to effort win back the rancher .
tr	I	It was hard to believe she 'd once Dylan found less attractive than Joe .
tr	O	Pride in how he 'd handled things tonight .
tr	I	Gradually the began trees to thin .
tr	I	A phone to call her attorney would tell her if she could get Brian to share the expense .
tr	I	So he did information get from Lang Shou .
tr	I	She with fidgets a stack of plates and carries them over to the cupboard before backtracking to the sink .
tr	I	T a was marvel she hadn 't considered it until now .
tr	O	Kennedy thought maybe Grace 's brother wasn 't there .
tr	I	She motioned to Phillippe to loosen the binding around Bob 's and mouth neck .
tr	O	I wish I could say stay tuned ... Instead , I 'll say farewell .
tr	O	The Gold Jester 's eyes follow him and remain fixed upon the metal roof door as it slams shut .
tr	I	He over yelled the noise .
tr	I	They loved him as all his of family did .
tr	I	Her memories were becoming clearer him to .
tr	O	she exclaimed in delight .
tr	O	The last word came out with an extra large helping of S sounds .
tr	O	Blood from the soldier continued to pour forth for a little longer , staining both the side of the horse and Heather , but she cared not .
tr	O	Roger finally eased up .
tr	O	And if he 'd learned anything over the last two millennia , it was to enjoy what few pleasures he could during each incarnation .
tr	I	The sun was setting in an orange ball when I my opened eyes .
tr	O	Could he protect himself ?
tr	O	he demanded , one hand holding her down and tickling her while the other arm continued to hold the chips over her head .
tr	O	The philosophical void created by the collapse of Han Confucianism was filled by both Taoism and later by Buddhism , a philosophy then new to China .
tr	O	At least Edwin didn 't have to rush his reply .
tr	I	You me and as one .
tr	O	We never talk about it now , though I know that Pierce was concerned that it would negatively impact his business .
tr	I	I could only stare when Torin entered history my class .
tr	I	She waved toward forest the .
tr	I	Taylor had never gotten over the butterflies in his stomach every time he started aircraft an engine .
tr	I	A grin appeared on woman the 's face .
tr	O	He remembered the heat of the Vietnamese sunlight that day when he got her letter .
tr	I	From way the her arm was linked with Ingrid and Andris , I 'd say she was a Valkyrie .
tr	O	She just shook her head , eyes shut .
tr	I	Colby been had very definite about that .
tr	O	As soon as the bracelet was free from Tasha , she gave a heave and a kick and a scream .
tr	I	He 'd pictures take of people who did what they were told , just as a token , a scrap to keep us in line .
tr	O	Also , because I was being an idiot .
tr	I	He shuddered , spine his threatened to collapse , to splinter , racked by sobs that assaulted his frailty .
tr	O	It wasn 't that she no longer wanted to talk to Holiday .
tr	O	The first was that Peter Vogel had a criminal record from his youth which had included petty theft amongst some other misdemeanours .
tr	I	Otherwise he can have pick his .
tr	O	About what you did to me last night .
tr	I	Several quick brought steps Mortimer and Galen facing off with a mere foot of space between , their stances confrontational .
tr	O	Vicki had the feeling Bobbie Sue wanted to talk to her , but there was no time until the dinner crowd dispersed .
tr	O	She knew the kiss had touched him , opened him a little .
tr	I	Her lips pursed and I was desperate to kiss them , so I leaned in , kissing bottom her lip lightly .
tr	O	First and foremost , the cause of death , and that 's clear : you 've killed him yourself . '
tr	O	I couldn 't really understand what she meant .
tr	O	Instead , she turned to the silent priest for answers .
tr	I	His gave visitor a slight bow .
tr	O	Without planning it out or even realizing she intended to do so , her right fist suddenly shot out , slamming into the man 's nose .
tr	I	Blaire nodded and turned to walk toward the condo 'd she been running for earlier .
tr	O	Without waiting for her response , he squatted and took a look at her ankle .
tr	O	She smiled gracefully and nodded back to the woman who took center stage again and continued to talk .
tr	I	Nicole looked at across Rena and Julia .
tr	O	But it could have been worse , what if we had moved to Palermo or Naples , or in a small suburban town .
tr	O	It was time for Darius to pick her up .
tr	I	Shana to turned gaze at Ali , silently pleading for more information .
tr	I	I 'd have sworn I was deep enough I be must touching her cervix .
tr	I	I have always to think before asking the short , bald guru anything .
tr	I	One arm clasping another clasping another , holding the of burden life on your collective shoulders .
tr	I	He listened to the bits and pieces about movies other , listened to boy and woman settling down on the sofa .
tr	O	' Well , ' the professor sighed , ' history is silent about it .
tr	I	The air echoes around all me violently as if I 'm falling through a black hole .
tr	O	Hale generally comprehended nothing other than success .
tr	O	So I followed this dame for what seemed like almost an hour .
tr	I	I just want the world to make sense now and then , that is so wrong ?
tr	I	She should have been proud that her voice was so steady , but pride didn 't mean anything to her at stage this .
tr	O	We come to the end of the hall and I push down the green bar that automatically opens the fire door .
tr	I	Miss Duffy 't didn know .
tr	I	Rose , healthy a girl , if a bit too slender , was up and about sooner than she expected and ready to dance again .
tr	I	Her hair was jet dyed black , and it was piled on top of her head in a complicated swirl that reminded me of Amy Winehouse .
tr	O	No one apart from Silas liked the dark tracks through the Forest that surrounded the castle .
tr	O	When I finally collapse into Dornan 's king-sized bed at midnight , tipsy and exhausted , I can only hope that he stays away another day .
tr	I	Aunt Elinor be would with her , she reminded herself .
tr	O	By seeming to want to coddle her irascible father , she had quite literally forced him out of bed .
tr	O	Used to be Karen Bateman .
tr	O	Ice followed his friend as they dashed past the cabin and all the way to the street .
tr	I	He kicked the belongings with his before foot unearthing her arm band .
tr	O	I thought of the Queen .
tr	O	Cursing softly , he looked at the boy with a sympathetic shake of his head .
tr	O	Those large branches grew tall , stretching toward the sky .
tr	I	I don 't know what our sessions would consist of if I didn tell 't her stuff she could listen to .
tr	O	Now there were two tyres on the road and then three .
tr	I	And she had never thought that would he so willingly offer up someone for death .
tr	I	Thought you might to want know that we have located the dingoes on your GPS .
tr	I	Although , maybe didn it 't need any further encouragement .
tr	O	It might have been brought in from several hundred feet away where I found a borrow pit .
tr	O	I 'm actually home .
tr	O	I say it like it 's no big deal .
tr	O	The door at the bottom was unlocked , and there seemed to be nothing but silence beyond it .
tr	I	The question spilled before out I thought better of it .
tr	O	The President offered Rachel one of the three executive chairs facing his desk .
tr	O	His Jedi training told him to shun such trivial things , but Anakin couldn 't help but smile .
tr	O	Not when he loves her and not when she loves him back .
tr	I	His smirk disappeared at backhanded the compliment .
tr	I	He nodded , and the knob at neck his bobbed .
tr	O	That had been one cloudy afternoon and she hadn 't drawn the shades all the way down .
tr	O	Something 's got to change .
tr	I	He warned me what it be might like , when we decided to try to make the distance work .
tr	I	The affair had been going on long enough to allow the courtesies initial to be neglected .
tr	O	However innovative the design , Ricky was still bound by the Pentagon 's engineering specs for the product , and the product wasn 't performing .
tr	I	The in Huntress me fought the urge to resolve the threat , but I respected Longshot 's orders .
tr	I	According the to officer , it was a riot .
tr	I	Joe B. 't couldn believe the last five letters .
tr	O	I could be nowhere else .
tr	I	She looked pretty good , she thought , glaring at the large box she fairly was certain contained a dress from none other than her personal dictator .
tr	O	But he was pretty sure that wasn 't going to be possible .
tr	I	Taking my palms away , I traced a down line the underside of his cock with my finger .
tr	I	Various football posters hung the on white walls .
tr	I	In a hidden nook not far from the windowsill , Jase a noticed small light .
tr	O	She shakes her head .
tr	O	Her energy wings slowly receded into her back and disappeared .
tr	I	I hoped he didn 't want any answers because I couldn 't think a of single one .
tr	O	Kara did not respond .
tr	O	The yearning in my veins surged , rushing to pool between my legs .
tr	I	Upstairs , his computer was fried , and the was television out of commission .
tr	O	I am in too bitchy a mood to listen to reason , but it 's still there .
tr	O	I told my mom .
tr	O	His erection throbbed at the idea , and he cursed it .
tr	O	When he spoke , he sounded sincere .
tr	I	The morning was crisp , blue skies with of puffs white .
tr	O	So we spent about two days turning thirty acres of sand and scrub into glass .
tr	O	His assistant didn 't know what to think .
tr	I	Lucky was my life , and as long as she was in it , I knew everything that was going to be okay .
tr	I	The flame spreading was , slowly , across Josh 's chest .
tr	I	His hand shook slightly as he took the cigarette out of mouth his and blew a smoke ring .
tr	O	Caleb leaned down and eased some branches aside .
tr	I	We 've got a lot to do tonight , and it would just get lost the in mess anyway .
tr	I	I stagger for moment a .
tr	O	Their door was ajar .
tr	I	Magnus looked again at Stephen realized and exactly why his face was so familiar .
tr	O	She was sitting at the next table , a paperback in front of her .
tr	O	He was being harmless .
tr	I	My body was already in a lot of stress and pain , I definitely did not feel like stomach adding aches to that horrible list .
tr	O	If word gets out of your antics , you 'll be sent to the Atlantic .
tr	O	The grin suggested she knew fully .
tr	I	She was wrapped in a and towel looked as if she 'd just been fished up from the bottom of the ocean .
tr	O	I understood the real reason why I was angry .
tr	I	I seen have the list .
tr	I	It would hurt like hell , but I knew I possessed the to strength move on with my life .
tr	O	I say with a wink .
tr	O	' We got nearly twenty sausages , ' said Arnold Sideways .
tr	O	I couldn 't have been happier to see the inside of our room .
tr	I	By morning she would her have head on straight again .
tr	O	Come on , Danny , Bobcat , we 'll go over the top , circle around behind them .
tr	I	It was the last place in the world I to wanted be .
tr	I	He shot me a look that made me shrink back little a .
tr	O	She slid the sword across the counter to Clary .
tr	I	A niggling memory of a meteor strike rang a familiar chord one with of Dean 's tall tales .
tr	I	And friend her was dying right in front of her .
tr	I	Maggie his rubbed arm .
tr	O	Wish I could be more like him , especially now .
tr	I	She was a strapping and cat promising now , and purred as she shook hands with her friend .
tr	I	In 1979 , he had the desire to write again , Bible but College kept him from that dream .
tr	I	There was nothing to stop clean a shot .
tr	I	Her frustration over the church Catholic 's restrictions on women may have been one of the reasons why she eventually left the church .
tr	I	Certainly someone would her recognize .
tr	O	16 I released my hold on the scarf , which had been tucked deep into the cushions of a church pew .
tr	O	I was in a mellow mood when I arrived in Dawson Creek .
tr	I	But if I couldn 't a be mother to Ingrid , perhaps I could be to a little boy who desperately needed one .
tr	O	Once you start , I 'll wager you 're likely to never stop .
tr	O	The guard returned saying there was no one below .
tr	O	She stepped closer to him .
tr	I	He allowed a small amount his of own blood to drip into the tech 's mouth .
tr	I	Amanda was older getting , and she didn 't want the bland stuff anymore .
tr	O	Then he thrust himself right in among them , snatching wildly straight before him .
tr	O	This is not a feeling he understands or knows how to cope with .
tr	I	In total darkness , no choice but to dash and blind pray they wouldn 't trip .
tr	I	Outside there silence is except for the sound of flames burning , licking the night air , and of course , sirens in the distance getting closer .
tr	I	A sphere of glass clear rolled out of the darkness and stopped only inches from the terrified boy 's face .
tr	O	We all looked at each other , but nobody argued with the Goth dwarf .
tr	O	His voice was calm now , with some obvious slurring of words from his swollen tongue .
tr	O	The room was large and resembled the library in an old English house .
tr	I	Waiting on her gave me the opportunity to care take of an unwelcome errand : returning Malachi Wolfe 's gun .
tr	O	They 'd sold the last waterfront piece .
tr	I	Right now , in bed this , while we cannot make love and there is a child growing within you .
tr	I	I 'm attributing this to drug the .
tr	O	I nodded , and he turned and walked toward McDonald 's .
tr	I	But did they who know we were ?
tr	O	I wondered if maybe she had forced him to wash with liquid soap , too .
tr	O	I ran blindly until my path was blocked by a huge beast , and I froze , heart caught in my throat .
tr	I	Every muscle single in his torso and chest was precisely defined .
tr	I	Deirdre caught 's Fatima arm .
tr	I	If she could make to it the kitchen , she could find a flashlight in the junk drawer .
tr	I	I take in a long breath clear then the dry lump in my throat .
tr	O	On the one hand McCreary was encouraged by the Conyers ' continuing progress , yet overly impatient on the other .
tr	O	The oxygen tanks , nitrogen tanks , CO2 filter assembly ... all unnecessary .
tr	O	The plan was for patrons to actually think they were attending a completely different performance .
tr	I	The day I slit my was wrists the day I had this dream .
tr	O	As much as he tried to keep these unholy thoughts from his mind , they possessed him at the most unwanted times .
tr	O	The driver had a newspaper held up in front of his face .
tr	I	Without a word , we stopped look to in a storefront window .
tr	I	To his left Ajax made a choking sound and reeled away up tunnel the .
tr	O	She held herself regally , but with a slight sway to her hips that enticed at the same time it set her apart from other women .
tr	O	I set the cross carefully on the ground , trying to clear my mind of green , green eyes .
tr	I	I investigating 'm blind , so to speak .
tr	O	Steve 's story wasn 't complete - he still hadn 't explained how he 'd wound up here - but it was time I made a move .
tr	I	What he meant was that he didn 't her want .
tr	I	Then I 'd know what do to .
tr	O	Lily felt her heart leap into her throat .
tr	O	He worked with very little prompting while his father scrutinized each step of the process .
tr	O	He 'd repeated it often , reminding himself that this was the man who loved her and waited for her at home .
tr	I	But could how we tell Dad ?
tr	O	Then they walked together to the front door .
tr	O	When I looked over the files , I came to notice that all these disappearances happened from small towns .
tr	O	He raised both palms .
tr	O	About half of what he said went right over her head , but she grasped that Paris was where she needed to be , at last .
tr	O	So don 't apologize .
tr	O	Blank faces stared back at her .
tr	O	Helen would not be touched , not harmed in any but the most minor way .
tr	O	Although it was black and unremarkable , it was all she had that would hold such an enormous bouquet .
tr	I	Her knuckles were white on the guard rail the of ship .
tr	O	The tears tried to come out again .
tr	I	The baby did not back away ; it seemed to some take comfort from the attention it was receiving .
tr	O	I want to go down swinging .
tr	I	I 'd experienced a lot last this week .
tr	O	Come on , Louisa , open the door .
tr	O	He laughed , surprised that her enjoyment pleased him so much .
tr	I	Physical pain me helped balance the emotional anguish .
tr	I	He bargained with Grimshaw to to get you at the masonry .
tr	O	She would do it again tonight .
tr	O	I was so fucking calm right now I nearly screamed it at him .
tr	O	He kicked at the wall and stomped on the chain in frustration .
tr	I	I speak of the interface between the organic and inorganic : the linkage that will permit artificial bodily parts to be connected organic with tissue .
tr	I	I don 't care what happens that after .
tr	I	At night sleep I in the rope locker .
tr	O	She shoved back from the table , her pride pricked .
tr	I	They had , the for moment , abandoned their attack upon the fortress .
tr	I	My heart filled with much so passion I thought it would burst .
tr	I	While Kiara was preparing for her assignment , Cooper Industries was burning the under heat of the scandal .
tr	O	Instantly , shutters came down over his eyes and he took on the cold expression he was so famous for .
tr	I	I protested , deflated that he before guessed I could tell him .
tr	O	Unfortunately , we can 't publicly reward you .
tr	I	They just decided to make the best things of .
tr	O	Campbell walked up to us .
tr	I	Now that he wasn 't looking into the flashlight , his pupils huge were .
tr	O	Taking her by the hand , he escorted her from the ballroom .
tr	I	He just stood there , keeping the thoughts that were running under his furrowed to brow himself .
tr	I	A heavy woolen blanket wrapped them together ; black and blond hair tangled together in salty the air .
tr	O	She had to work to get the flannel over the muscular girth of his forearm .
tr	I	And the family court Australia in would come down on Tina 's side .
tr	O	The teacher walked by in astonishment at his work .
tr	O	Why would you turn your back on humanity ?
tr	O	The starship landed effortlessly in front of a huge , round tree with a trunk that was immeasurably broad .
tr	I	He strides out into the desert and turns to immediately his right .
tr	I	It always when did Nick touched him .
tr	O	I left the art behind and stepped outside my door , hoping to find distraction in the night to come .
tr	O	Luckily I was close to a dark alley .
tr	I	Preppy Hulk dropped the painting abstract he was holding on the floor and glared angrily at Frederick , as he walked out .
tr	I	Saw the flash of lights turn on up ahead and then a van was racing down road the .
tr	I	There 's something about weird it apparently .
tr	I	Her question knocked on door a he 'd slammed shut and wasn 't about to reopen now .
tr	O	His hand shot out to clasp the plait before it reached the glowing coal .
tr	O	If only she had a weapon , anything - Isabelle had clawed her way into a sitting position .
tr	I	She paused outside the sliding glass door that led Mike to and Leo 's room .
tr	O	Sarah paused , struck by something he 'd just said .
tr	I	I could almost imagine a where world Tex was lying next to me .
tr	I	I stepped out into the where hallway Ashlyn was waiting for me .
tr	O	It feels heavier than ever .
tr	O	His shoulders were back , head held high , but I still got the impression he felt defeated .
tr	I	President Davis knew he frightened the people after executing Congressmen the , the Texas Revolt , and purging his party .
tr	I	We have a comfortable home , we 're both safe and healthy , like I my job and you 're doing well in school .
tr	O	Another firm rule prohibited any lawyer or secretary from working on April 16 .
tr	O	Esme lagged and looked back over her shoulder , transfixed .
tr	I	He swept past his younger sister on way the , her hands clawing at his leg .
tr	I	I could that feel now .
tr	I	I slow the and treadmill start my cool down .
tr	O	People had turned around in the commotion and I caught Sophie 's disappointed stare .
tr	O	The children had survived the Christmas Night Meltdown valiantly .
tr	I	Gabriel bowed head his .
tr	O	He doesn 't give me a chance to respond before his lips greet mine in a sloppy introduction .
tr	I	he asked , something inside easing him .
tr	I	She could damn well enjoy the moment she however wanted .
tr	I	I winced when passed we by the fire and I saw exactly how much of it there was on him .
tr	O	Della followed close behind him , vaguely recalling being unable to keep up with him earlier .
tr	O	His hands tested her , finding her ready and waiting .
tr	I	The very weeds were elegantly decked with breeds of one flowers would least expect .
tr	O	Because he barred the way to the bathroom , she moved to stand in front of him , refusing to make eye contact .
tr	O	You just called me a surprise witness .
tr	I	Cassandra pointed to Colby and the branches rose and the began figures to move across the lawn toward the road .
tr	I	Not another to angel , not even to his Deity .
tr	O	He had a shovel .
tr	O	When my shirt is off , he pulls his own shirt off .
tr	I	Other than those mishaps early on , 'd she done a fairly good job at every task I 'd given her .
tr	I	I was feeling bit a smug .
tr	I	one of the guards border demanded suspiciously after he 'd stopped me .
tr	I	Kelly was caught off guard ; didn she 't know how to respond .
tr	I	He me entered slowly and sweetly .
tr	I	I clenched my fists as Gabe shook his head and compressed his lips as if he was struggling control for .
tr	O	I 'm not going to kill you .
tr	O	Valerie brought out a couple of candles and set them on top of her desk .
tr	I	I let the door shut itself , mindlessly finding my way to the reclining next chair to my sofa .
tr	O	She turned to see all four men shooting daggers at both her and Chad .
tr	O	The woman spoke again .
tr	O	A Bishop cannot marry until he becomes an Archbishop .
tr	O	Amy sat on the bed wondering what more could go wrong .
tr	O	It was getting harder not to give in .
tr	I	Getting when upset I question her about her douchebag dad .
tr	I	They found themselves a in large room that was obviously the kitchen .
tr	O	It will take a few hours for the effects of the Lake to wear off .
tr	O	It couldn 't work out .
tr	O	There are quiet ways to die where the body just doesn 't notice that the heart is gone , I guess .
tr	I	That was when she what realized Craig had done .
tr	O	Mother had lined up four houses to see ; and I had objections to all of them .
tr	I	His own arms wrapped around my body , encircling me a like cocoon as his hips moved harder and harder .
tr	I	The training they needed to do with the stallion was going to mean a grueling schedule of workouts and hours long .
tr	I	From sundered mountains , rocks flaming were hurled .
tr	O	They would have gone reeling if he weren 't so strong .
tr	I	Certain materials and symbols found in the tunnels with the suggested bodies some ties to black magic .
tr	O	I wipe the smile from my face and turn myself and my attention back to the judge .
tr	I	It must have cost him everything get to that suit .
tr	O	But I took that as a good sign .
tr	I	Here is what their widget like looks : Every little bit helps .
tr	O	Pete threatened to press assault charges , but then Leo Barber 's voice filled the air .
tr	O	As you know the pool of money in this town is very deep , but it is not very wide .
tr	I	Elise returned to her rocking chair and minutes twenty later she checked again , her ear at the door .
tr	O	It was from these wounds the blood had come which was observable upon her night clothing .
tr	I	She was standing farther along the counter peering at the tubs of ice cream through glass the .
tr	O	But it 's unavoidable .
tr	I	Grady discovered a quite few new things about Emily Ashworth over the next several days .
tr	I	Before Rory could utter a word , room the filled with half dozen other warriors .
tr	I	I walked through the swarm of women touching up their makeup and worked my way to the stalls , which was a trip short .
tr	O	Then he saw that Murphy was among the riders on the escalator .
tr	I	I can 't take any revelations more from that book today .
tr	O	Some people are completely unable to get past the superficial part of themselves , my mother is one of those people .
tr	O	She tackled driving the car , but that came after she mastered walking with one crutch , without his permission .
tr	O	She hadn 't taken him up on it because she didn 't have a swimsuit .
tr	I	If a privateer , as I suspect , it will simply us take .
tr	I	He stood facing Zoey with a puzzled on expression his face .
tr	O	And breathe just a shade easier in the calm knowledge that I did it .
tr	I	She drew her sword , called to Cirrus to lend to her of his swiftness , and rushed at from Janus behind .
tr	I	Jack turned to me , and I could see defeat the in his eyes .
tr	O	At least he 'd graduated to the point where he could look at me .
tr	I	I know where you are all at times .
tr	O	She shook her head .
tr	O	Pepper was still the most curious of the three and she would wander off chasing some bug or sniffing some plant .
tr	I	My assailant picks up crossbow the and backs away a few steps .
tr	I	Someone was taking my pulse , and while that was not extraordinary so , I knew I had to open my eyes .
tr	O	Violins started playing a melody I 've heard before but couldn 't quite remember and the whole room paired up .
tr	I	Ethan , you were a kid little facing down a faery .
tr	O	White sand turned into pale blue water that slowly darkened as it stretched out toward the horizon .
tr	I	I rolled eyes my .
tr	O	I 'm also a historian so I read quite a lot about the history of this place before I came here .
tr	O	How long could he hold on ?
tr	O	I want to take Miranda out .
tr	O	Like Kylie said , I 'm not the going around pretending this is all brand new to me .
tr	I	Dorian appeared a in new tunic and pants , still barefoot .
tr	O	Ashe said , zipping across the courtyard .
tr	O	Pain sliced through his head , and his body shuddered with the effort .
tr	I	Luckily , she managed to read my and signal stopped where she was .
tr	O	Opening the screen door , he used his fist to bang far more loudly and decisively than she would have dared .
tr	I	They not do want to kill anyone , particularly family .
tr	O	Her mind didn 't seem to quite grasp the implications .
tr	I	Billie flushes deep with red the compliment .
tr	O	I got Dad 's telegram three days ago .
tr	O	She stands up and walks to the living room and grabs a book , then brings it back to the table .
tr	O	Hate being stalker type so figured I 'd check with my fave matchmaker first .
tr	I	Dawson was big some coal mine owner , with operations located throughout the Appalachian Mountains .
tr	I	What has progress NASA made on a rescue option ?
tr	I	I leaped into my sheets , bringing them up high so that only my face was exposed .
tr	O	The Poems The Soul 's Room This poem is my attempt to put into words my conversion to the restored gospel of Jesus Christ .
tr	O	Jolene made me jump .
tr	O	Was that the only reason he 'd acted as if she should be part of the family ?
tr	O	The smell of it was just as pungent as the rest of her body , more like vinegar than the penny scent of human blood .
tr	I	Melody a tossed couple of boxes of cake mix into her pack .
tr	I	Two days since attempted the robbery of Lake View .
tr	O	Did everyone else seriously think she liked him and was actively trying to steal him from anyone ?
tr	I	He 's never me liked .
tr	O	The problem is , she seems to be the only one of her kind and she no longer exists .
tr	O	Tammy filled the two small suitcases with the contents of the top drawer of the first file cabinet .
tr	O	Just the thought of her going through what Torr had endured made Cain 's hands shake .
tr	O	But there was a moment when we locked eyes and just looked at each other .
tr	I	Emerson 's blue eyes flash with desire as I step up to him , resting hand a on the firm panes of his chest .
tr	O	After a few minutes , I start to doubt that I actually heard the door close .
tr	O	Victoria and Mitch laughed with her as Mitch joined them at the table .
tr	O	This didn 't happen tonight .
tr	O	I stopped typing and looked up at her .
tr	O	It could hardly be for him personally .
tr	O	I want to forget about all that shit and move on with my life .
tr	O	I typed so fast that my fingers flew over the keyboard .
tr	O	Daniel closed his eyes , listening to coughs and snorts .
tr	I	That 's all she could for do now .
tr	O	By horseback , the journey back to the Palace from this location was only an hour away .
tr	O	She could not stop the tightening at her heart as she thought of him call ing out for his sister .
tr	I	Claire had erased the text messages , but she figured was it only a matter of time before the sheriff got them , anyway .
tr	I	Something inside me shriveled just little a .
tr	O	The Mockingjay at the mercy of a man with nothing to lose .
tr	O	He nodded once more and walked away .
tr	O	When I got to him , I put a gentle hand on him and tilted my head way back to look at him .
tr	O	She excused herself and went in to make coffee .
tr	I	That was twice in one she night had escaped .
tr	O	He took off in a sprint , pointing behind me .
tr	O	When she looked back she saw that only the smallest child was following .
tr	O	There were two who could bear the daylight , who did not need the darkness , and they kept watch through the long days .
tr	O	She kicked out , catching the thing beneath its chin , snapping its head back as it hissed and lunged at her .
tr	O	They 've never been close . '
tr	I	The ones old had a way of watching over the young .
tr	O	There was a depth , that was unfathomable , to the intensity of colour of the little patches of field .
tr	I	He through ambled the door and was gone .
tr	I	But where Dean was ?
tr	I	The brass turned to gold and then illuminated the doorway for only a second before dulling back the into brass we first encountered .
tr	O	I put my sandwich down .
tr	O	The dark figure almost seemed to laugh .
tr	I	Meanwhile , too engrossed in discovering what dwelt inside the tree , he never saw the unfurling vines above his head and slowly drift his way .
tr	I	He passed it to Brooke who waved off him .
tr	I	Now for most the telling question .
tr	I	I was glad to see him young , to that see creased brow relax , even if it was just for a small amount of time .
tr	O	After her attempt to quantify love and forgiveness in candy form just a minute or two earlier , she pegged his choice as a very ambiguous one .
tr	I	This is not necessarily bad a thing .
tr	O	She 's really happy about the baby .
tr	I	He stepped into the room -- stopped and .
tr	I	I jumped out of broken the window and chased after whoever was running down the road away from me .
tr	I	Sibyl was struck at dumb his tone and his question .
tr	O	' Good , ' she turned and walked away .
tr	I	In a moment the ' Destiny ' is in rising the air and moving forward .
tr	I	It does not matter how many years it takes how or many leaders pass before the time comes .
tr	O	I allowed my mind to capture every detail of him , from his dark wavy brown hair to the flat mole , right above his square chin .
tr	O	He 'd been doing that more and more lately .
tr	O	Even imagining it made him feel sick .
tr	O	The Bugs adapted to the cold .
tr	I	As the fight continued to rage for hours , begins it to take its toll on the fighters .
tr	I	And there was a sheathed dagger at his waist and his was pistol also tucked into his belt .
tr	O	' Sorry about this , gentlemen , ' he added . '
tr	O	Coach gave me a slight nod , and went into his outer office , closing the door behind him .
tr	I	He already knew he was doing the only possible thing .
tr	I	The aircraft shook as it dove into air an pocket .
tr	O	She nods , sitting back in her chair , rocking slowly .
tr	I	Turning , he out disappeared the door .
tr	I	Her twinkled eyes , and Noah realized she wasn 't wearing her glasses today .
tr	I	Emily slammed her locker shut , spun the dial , and then up scooped her canvas bag .
tr	I	Because really , why was she making it easier for Christian to her ignore ?
tr	I	Which was why they 'd her brought to Las Vegas .
tr	O	This was his area of expertise , and all she could do to help was stay out of his way .
tr	O	Her timing was impeccable .
tr	O	It is time that you stop reacting to this necromancer 's attacks and attack her .
tr	O	The station 's crew probably take supplements to prevent suffering long-term physiological damage .
tr	I	How did fight one a shadow that moved through locked doors and could kill without a sound ?
tr	O	Dominic 's voice held a deadly calm .
tr	I	At least she could behind hide the sunglasses .
tr	I	She in grunted assent .
tr	I	Of course I wasn 't - my body very was much alive but my mind was gone from the reality of the present .
tr	I	But stupid or not , he wasn 't giving up her again without a fight .
tr	O	But it was the bruised look in Birdie 's eyes more than the bruise on her face that had to be the deciding factor .
tr	O	What was that liquid ?
tr	I	More children were drawn to the sound of laughter , and the mocking group soon became crowd a .
tr	I	She clutched her clothing clean to her chest and smiled .
tr	O	Norman opened the bulkhead door to D Cyl , and stepped through , into the habitat .
tr	O	The voice on the other end was computerized , masking the identity of the speaker .
tr	O	Douglas held his hand out towards the lift at the other side of the foyer .
tr	I	We how know they fight .
tr	I	I offered this reassurance bravely , half-heartedly attempting pull to my fingers from his .
tr	O	I tried to get a picture from the door , but it ran off before I had the chance .
tr	I	They 're scary not .
tr	I	one the of team members asked in a whisper .
tr	O	So I did what any woman would do ... ripped my towel off and let it drop to the floor .
tr	O	Susan patted me on the head .
tr	I	Without them , Lara , most and likely her father , would have gone insane years earlier .
tr	O	She continued to draw nearer , ignorant of the threat he now posed .
tr	O	The moments are coming in flashes now .
tr	O	You love her and if you 're smart , you 'll let her know before it 's too late .
tr	O	I fall forward , my head cushioned by her lap .
tr	I	If ended he up there again , I would have to laugh before anything else .
tr	O	From the way Chrissie answered , Susannah could tell that her daughter wasn 't asking permission .
tr	I	He was fairly short for of one their kind , but more muscular .
tr	I	I thrashed my head , jerked on its hold , trying to it dislodge .
tr	I	I can it guarantee .
tr	I	The door appeared no different , the knob loose and easy force to open .
tr	O	You 'd have to cut the oak tree down to make room for that parking lot .
tr	O	I knew many new words to think in my head about what I 'd seen .
tr	I	To envy to was lack .
tr	O	Elizabeth stated slowly and matter-of-factly , her expression so neutral Robert couldn 't discern what she was thinking .
tr	I	The tradition and the conversation about it had been incredibly and surreal Nikolai had quickly put it out of his head .
tr	I	Why wasn the 't guy stopping her ?
tr	I	I and gasped my knees weakened .
tr	O	I do not have feelings .
tr	I	Mikhail rubbed his face over hers and kissed damp her hair .
tr	O	He crossed his knees and blushed .
tr	I	Are you trying to come up with all the possible ways in the universe to hurt me ?
tr	I	You never can make up your mind about anything .
tr	O	Valentina smiled , clearly able to see just how close the sisters were .
tr	O	Mrs. Gardner I wouldn 't miss , either .
tr	O	That thought gave him hope and he in turn grabbed it for a moment , not wanting to let it go .
tr	O	The wind nipped at the back of my dress and I continually pulled it so I didn 't flash the people surrounding me .
tr	O	Not fazed at all to find Gerald suddenly in his face , Gavin shrugged .
tr	O	All at once , her breathing began to quicken .
tr	I	' We him need !
tr	I	He waved his hand to encompass ground the where the three vampires had been slain .
tr	O	Looking at the child burbling up at his mother , he had a Eureka moment .
tr	O	Two soldiers were standing on the stairs protecting the entrance .
tr	I	I no have reason to stay loyal to them anymore .
tr	O	She had seen too many people waste a lifetime chasing after a Hollywood dream .
tr	I	Redding 's ego was bruised badly .
tr	O	It was where I was comfortable .
tr	I	Before taking the on ramp onto the highway , I checked my rear-view mirror and didn 't see any headlights approaching behind from .
tr	I	Claudia tried to turn me back at Oasis The , but she failed .
tr	O	He didn 't want to worry me with the truth of what he saw coming .
tr	I	Hank put up a hand , telling Thomas to wait , concentration his on the call .
tr	O	Lost in memories , it took a while for her to realize that the Creole tune she heard came from inside the house , not her head .
tr	O	I just wanted to enjoy senior year , and the summer before starting nursing school .
tr	I	Finally she convinced Blossom that Dylan was a friend and they walked up to him so bear that and man could try their greeting again .
tr	I	People watched and whispered as we through passed .
tr	O	She rolled over and lay on her back , posing for him .
tr	O	God , he was so appealing in a way that went beyond just the camo uniform .
tr	O	McAdoo would simply find a quiet spot and call Fitch .
tr	O	I stopped and turned around .
tr	O	I rode with him and tried to act as his guardian .
tr	O	The southernmost point in the United States , south of Miami even .
tr	O	Like I had needed my keys to go somewhere .
tr	O	As soon as she managed to release the hood , both Rooster and Max bent over the engine .
tr	I	Yet in less than two weeks , Marcus had managed to find her , having without anything more than her first name .
tr	O	Nothing good ever came of that statement .
tr	I	Alexia was enough impressed by invention the to be distracted from her current predicament .
tr	I	He might have achieved his dream of being in law enforcement , but he 'd it done at his big brother 's expense .
tr	I	With that she drops through the dimensional window , leaving hero the with his hand outstretched , and failing to voice his protest in time .
tr	O	Tuck was making his way to the island in his little zodiac boat .
tr	O	Everything on the ground was blown apart into bits as the earth rattled wildly .
tr	I	With guards surrounding her , times many within her own cell , she is strung up .
tr	O	I found myself wrapping my arms around his neck , forcing him farther down to deepen our embrace as a fire flashed through my veins .
tr	O	He set off at a trot before Mat could object .
tr	O	I don 't see either one of them wielding a sword and slicing off Esme 's head .
tr	O	For now she was content to let him ignore her .
tr	I	I ask , trying to put the of image Naked Brand aside .
tr	I	Instead of going against up Father , he was charging back along the landing after me , grinning .
tr	O	' You 'll lose your job .
tr	O	Yes , she 'd been in the cavern .
tr	O	Already Daisy was on the first step , grasping the broken remains of the door .
tr	I	Olivia 's was voice an octave higher .
tr	I	I prefer just my surname .
tr	I	He 's sure as heck wasn 't any losing sleep over her in that huge penthouse of his .
tr	O	She stuns with shock that her neurons can 't figure out then her eyes see the gory exposed pink tissue parts from her intestinal kissing my blade .
tr	I	My shower was a little rushed the following evening so could Russell get cleaned up .
tr	O	What in God 's name was going on ?
tr	O	Laughter echoed throughout the cave as everyone enjoyed our destiny , except us .
tr	O	As soon as the last drop was gone , I felt suddenly invigorated , like some of the fatigue from the nights before had been washed away .
tr	O	And apparently all that Ogg could think of was to pretend to be a mad puppy and play stupid games with security men .
tr	O	She invited us into her pyramid where we shared time with all the deities from the Nile .
tr	O	He settled into the chair facing her desk .
tr	O	Cujo looked up at him .
tr	I	She leaned over the small island where Alonzo just was finishing his clean-up and puckered up for a kiss .
tr	I	He had seen something I that didn 't until it was too late .
tr	O	If events had gone a bit differently , if their Actor had made an error , Jazz would have saved her .
tr	I	She 'd hoped that finding her father would lead her to knowing herself better .
tr	I	We all 're extraneous , accidents .
tr	I	Down the hall , a opened door .
tr	I	Laura knew how exactly much further things could have gone .
tr	O	he called from behind one of the massive vats .
tr	O	He 's yer lord gawd almighty for the next year or two .
tr	I	Peter left his enemy in his wake and quickly descended the to steps meet him .
tr	I	Will nodded at her , looking with pleased the arrangements .
tr	O	He ran a fingernail along its smooth surfaces .
tr	I	What waiting 's around the corner .
tr	I	Strands of blond tumbled hair down to her forehead .
tr	O	The evening sun floated deeper into the cloudless dark sapphire sky that slowly revealed a layer of shimmering stars spreading across the horizon .
tr	I	It was the sound creaking of wood .
tr	I	I can 't thinking stop about it .
tr	I	Marty raised the and gun pressed the nozzle into Vincent 's forehead .
tr	I	Deciding not to risk it , he turned into 's Eloise driveway instead .
tr	I	' Walked in ... . '
tr	I	At the first door he shoved it wide , tossed me inside , and closed it , locking us in small a storage room of some sort .
tr	I	No one said a word as made they their way around the shop .
tr	I	How do you know you can 't , said a voice soft in his head , if you 've never tried it ?
tr	I	He only rolled up against her , laying a hand on her shoulder and his buried face into her shoulder blade .
tr	I	And why had rescued he those condoms and shoved them under one of the couch cushions ?
tr	O	For me , it took about four or five minutes , to the best of my calculations .
tr	O	Too short and I wouldn 't be able to position it .
tr	O	But it was just head cheerleader Linda Wilson .
tr	O	Mariam has dropped her own mug but instead of cleaning up the mess , she is watching Ervin for signs of movement .
tr	O	There would be no conflict with them .
tr	I	Her was body too hot .
tr	I	Herb I 'm putting you in charge of armament all , requisition whatever weapons and ammunition you think we 'll need .
tr	O	Violet eyes glittered dangerously , but then he 'd always liked a bit of danger .
tr	O	He looked tired , they all did , but there was also an undiminished fury in his eyes .
tr	O	The blood was turning into infinitesimal flakes .
tr	I	That earned him crushing a hug .
tr	I	And was it inherently unpredictable .
tr	I	But I 'd walked all this way ; I had see to it through .
tr	O	Only that you helped save Holiday 's life .
tr	I	The darkness crept up and wrapped my around heart .
tr	O	I bent my knees and forced my body up into the new circle .
tr	O	Unfortunately , she saw nothing useful ; the room felt foreign , but unremarkable .
tr	I	Still , you 't won mind if I call you Pendleton , will you ?
tr	I	But she looked my in face and went on .
tr	I	Alethea rolled eyes her .
tr	O	It was a goldmine for Beth who shouted in delight at the find .
tr	O	She 'd shed them all over the suite , and half of them were in the other room with Trent .
tr	I	Then Peter been had killed .
tr	O	Why does she make it sound so secretly ?
tr	I	Not just bottles of Delilah 's favorite sweet red but wine several tapped barrels .
tr	I	From where I stand , today 's battle was savage , but no worse than a hundred others I have witnessed the over course of my centuries .
tr	O	Jael pushes his way up beside me .
tr	I	He looked just at me so strangely , like he was confused and excited at the same time .
tr	O	The beast growls and shakes me violently .
tr	I	Looking at her is like walking into a home you once lived in to it find changed by new , alien owners .
tr	O	His physical presence was reassuring to her , yet at the time , his emotional state had put her on edge .
tr	I	He up glanced toward the canopy , exposing his fangs .
tr	I	And I can 't believe you want something more with serious her .
tr	I	This time a male voice said unrecognizable something , but familiar and pleasant .
tr	O	Foxy was the kind of man they both hated .
tr	I	It a was graceful , airy thing .
tr	I	She passed them over coffee the table .
tr	I	Her ability tolerate to me disappeared and one day I came home to find all of my belongings packed .
tr	O	When it had mattered most , Celaena hadn 't been there .
tr	O	I trailed off , too choked up to continue .
tr	O	As we breezed through the door , I stopped to stare .
tr	I	Once I was back on the ground , I at smiled the group .
tr	O	It had been exactly a year prior that Evie and I had made this exact journey , excited and eager to begin our new lives .
tr	O	I just got in myself .
tr	I	He shook the fuzz from his head and grabbed her as ankles she shrieked on the floor and tried to squirm away .
tr	O	Twenty years was a long time , after all .
tr	O	My strength is almost gone .
tr	O	Hitting a tree , I see the rest of them escape through the forest .
tr	O	She was the best fighter among us .
tr	O	He opened the file carefully , his eyes reading the numbers and measurements carefully and then going wide at the notation of the gene at the bottom .
tr	I	Small bits of shrapnel burned her skin as she flicked away them .
tr	I	' Dusty picked up the scrap of and paper looked at the address scrawled in a neat , feminine hand . '
tr	O	His control broke and he braced over her , his whole body surging , flexing , thrusting , pushing so deep she screamed again .
tr	I	It hadn 't escaped her notice how cleverly Jazmine had the changed subject .
tr	I	His picked heart up its pace .
tr	O	But after lifting up a couple of feet from the ground , it could not sustain its flight and fell heavily upon its feet .
tr	I	We made it to top the and he turned us to the crowd .
tr	I	When we arrived , there were already thousands of people lined up the on entrance .
tr	O	Thunder cracked and a white-hot bolt of energy slammed into the heart , incinerating it , and then jumped to the vampire .
tr	O	My eyes burned behind my sunglasses , and I grimaced at the stench rolling off the fat human with spiked brown hair and grey eyes .
tr	O	I can 't change the past .
tr	O	Each girl looked a different way .
tr	I	I was to born play .
tr	O	I 'm fidgeting with my nails by the time the door opens to Tristan 's smiling face .
tr	O	Dante cringed in disgust , sometimes they acted like a couple of teenagers .
tr	I	Sharp pains , pulsating , her body vibrating , her cheeks with wet perspiration .
tr	O	I crawled to my knees and stared through the open starboard door in dull incomprehension .
tr	I	Mr Shine picked up a box by his chair and upended it the over table .
tr	I	I realize this is something you have to do , but you 're certainly going not to New Orleans alone .
tr	O	Like Lily Redfern 's eyes .
tr	I	He waited for everyone to calm down a for few seconds , sighed loudly and then began .
tr	O	This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	I	In another , he tied himself to the bed , before allowing her to tease him , and her out walking in disgust .
tr	O	Tegan 's cries would not relent and this seemed like the worst time to attempt a conversation .
tr	O	I started to feel like the world was spinning and I couldn 't catch my breath .
tr	O	I knew how proud he was and it made me happy .
tr	I	She did regret not her words , she would be a mother to her people and share in their fate .
tr	O	His silvered mask makes him appear faceless .
tr	O	He felt her joy and experienced his own profound sense of rightness .
tr	O	It went running down in the other direction .
tr	I	She wiped it away and hoped that no had one noticed it .
tr	O	One look at him and tears clogged her nose .
tr	O	Your dad got it for me the day we had our first sonogram .
tr	O	He took another moment to survey the rooftops , but there was no one to be seen .
tr	I	Clutching the towel tight about naked her body she glared into those sinful eyes .
tr	I	Liz discovered was she pregnant .
tr	I	This was Baxter fitness 's regime .
tr	O	But what I expected was wrong .
tr	O	Coming to Grips UNS Ares Mars Orbit March 12th , 2028 Mike looked at the screen .
tr	I	I continued to away crawl .
tr	I	M his folds arms over his chest .
tr	O	They 're annoyed I 'm hanging out with you .
tr	I	Sam said , more getting annoyed .
tr	I	That didn 't mean that I completely could stop , because everyone else was talking about it .
tr	I	As she walked into the kitchen , the all cabinets fit perfectly , their countertops glossy and sleek .
tr	I	Normally , women who swore were an utter turn off me for .
tr	O	The bartender looks to Blake and me .
tr	O	Chase wanted to say a thousand different things to Chloe about how stupid her ex had been .
tr	I	We didn 't live in a huge like house MacKenzie did .
tr	O	The red mountain offered little more .
tr	I	I swiped screen the .
tr	I	Noah didn 't ask her to him tell what she wanted .
tr	O	One shot hit Riddick square in the back .
tr	I	Annie hesitated , and when she turned toward the other girl , Courtney reluctance sensed .
tr	O	I don 't feel like you 're trying to be someone you 're not ... and you don 't apologize or make excuses for that .
tr	I	Which was he extremely good at .
tr	I	Thank you for respecting the work hard of this author .
tr	O	Martin responded cautiously but with interest .
tr	I	The Caesar took a in deep breath , though this body did not need it .
tr	O	I was fortunate to live in a building mostly populated by the fifty and over crowd .
tr	I	Whatever he wanted from me , I might have been to forced give him .
tr	I	I ran up to the house and burst in through front the door .
tr	I	She lifted a hand in coy a wave at her waiter and walked out .
tr	O	Len stood up from the swing immediately .
tr	I	His lips curled back to reveal his fangs he as backed closer to her .
tr	I	Well , I think that after this all time , we know the answer to that question .
tr	I	I ask , figuring I don 't need to waste time dancing the around issue .
tr	O	They were powerful enough to do great damage when operated by someone improperly trained or careless .
tr	O	His proximity jammed all the frequencies in her brain .
tr	O	He 's never bothered .
tr	I	Chapter 8 Soldado had been gone several for hours .
tr	I	There bars were of soap in a glass pot .
tr	O	Dad 's mouth dropped open .
tr	I	At Frostburg , we are allowed to keep up to ten paperbacks in our cells , though virtually everyone more has .
tr	O	' I can only tell you what you want to know if it relates to information I may or may not have been given . '
tr	I	He didn 't want to keep her against her will , he but didn 't want her in danger , either .
tr	O	Not a sound came from her throat , for the round chocolate was fully lodged there .
tr	I	Just like thought I .
tr	O	But visiting hours are over .
tr	I	David said , hoping it wasn 't much as as his dog was getting .
tr	O	Sean tenses when I touch him , but he doesn 't push me away .
tr	I	Alex I and met Matt at the cheerleaders .
tr	I	If Josh and Kassie were doing what she thought they were doing , 'd she kill both of them .
tr	I	' Unfortunately , yes , ' Michael replied , casually flicking through pages the of the volume .
tr	I	Just another example of her expanding universe this evening .
tr	I	I his squeezed waist .
tr	O	He looked severe , but those features belied a constant good humor .
tr	O	Mr. Stone laughed and then took my hand .
tr	O	We packed and gathered by the front door to make our escape .
tr	O	It was cool and dry to the touch .
tr	O	She sat on a small stool before them .
tr	I	We to have kill it .
tr	O	It activates the arousal system .
tr	O	Their eyes raced around the room quickly , looking for perps .
tr	I	Sarah tried to reassuringly smile and putting a finger to her lips took a deep breath and closed her eyes .
tr	I	And then I 'll be here long the after world dies .
tr	I	He acknowledged that remark with a vague gesture and three the moved off .
tr	O	And she was sitting Jax 's kitchen , where she should have felt the safest .
tr	I	His mother to went the bathroom and wet a washcloth with cold tap water .
tr	O	Do not read anything into it .
tr	I	I lay back rested and my head against the arm of the couch with my legs thrown across his thighs .
tr	O	If it did , this must be it .
tr	I	He rotates onto his side and combs his fingers through my hair his around finger , gazing off with great contemplation .
tr	I	Instead , she sipped the and brandy studied the empty air above her head as if it were full of answers she could not quite read .
tr	O	He cupped her cheek .
tr	O	She was looking at that patch of tall grass that poked through the snow , yet didn 't tempt hungry deer .
tr	I	What she 'd done , to create that amount ridiculous of fire , hadn 't been a small change to the dream .
tr	O	Now all that was left were bleached bones , completely devoid of all flesh .
tr	I	I was so hot and ready to jump his bones I could less care about the event , date , or dress .
tr	I	However , the resolute purpose Jake in 's voice made her pause .
tr	I	She regarded him a with bemused expression .
tr	O	He couldn 't believe she 'd worry about such a stupid thing right then .
tr	O	Needless to say , the owner of that vehicle would have much explaining to do .
tr	I	She looked up with a hesitant smile was that not at all real , her emerald eyes watching carefully .
tr	O	He was in full berserker mode , so I could test how quickly I was able to move around and deflect his incoming blows .
tr	I	Samuel 's faint reflection appeared behind me at window the .
tr	O	Her younger sister Katie , on the other hand , reveled in the constant activity in their home .
tr	I	In a flash was he off the road and weaving his way past the assortment of old iron before tucking himself in behind one of the sheds .
tr	I	Shan was trying to make complacent Vin .
tr	I	Immediately , the bolt disappeared into air thin .
tr	O	He started walking toward her .
tr	I	A sobbing bounced sound off the trees until it hit him in the chest .
tr	O	Suddenly , the rear window exploded and shattered glass rained inside .
tr	O	And without waiting for an answer , she swept from the room .
tr	I	Everyone who approached him had piece some of gossip or news to relate and seemed to feel free to speak in front of me .
tr	O	He lowered his hand and put it in his pocket , his jaw hard as iron , eyes cold .
tr	I	he moved to closer her .
tr	O	She must have communicated her anxiety in some way because Kennedy told her to relax as he walked into the bathroom and turned on the Jacuzzi tub .
tr	O	The only part of her that moved were her eyes .
tr	I	Only Marcy was missing their from customary circle .
tr	I	Dayan 's encompassed arm Corinne .
tr	I	Well , to welcome the club , babe .
tr	I	Josie back tossed the drink their hostess had offered when it was clear they were going to be at this for a while .
tr	O	He rose , bent across the table .
tr	O	As old as he was , it was still hard to see a young person fading away .
tr	I	It be can complex and creative in the making .
tr	O	whispered Pierce behind closed eyes .
tr	O	I had my laptop set up with notepad and pen as I searched for information on the individuals involved in the Preston case .
tr	O	The part where I hate him .
tr	I	It represents much so more than a few words scribbled on paper .
tr	O	She seemed hesitant to step out into it .
tr	O	The voice was a low rumble .
tr	I	His normally deep gravelly voice was replaced with an evil one of void emotion .
tr	O	Inside the pro shop , Peters was deep in conversation with the Viscount , for once his bow tie almost horizontal .
tr	I	Don 't tell me 're you in love with the doc .
tr	O	Ignoring the breasts , I returned to the hazel eyes with a query of my own , and the answer soon came to me .
tr	O	He wrinkled his nose again .
tr	I	He could have sworn that someone had replaced the usual springs and stuffing gravel with or bricks .
tr	O	He relaxes and takes my hand .
tr	I	I turned back to face the front and listened the to drum line performed by the fifth graders .
tr	I	As his calloused fingertips my stroked skin , my heart pounded , my breath stopped , my muscles turned to mush .
tr	I	There 's a sofa bed in the conference room and a bike the by front door .
tr	I	The last thing I saw was Leah shaking her head and laughing as I made haphazardly my way back to my hotel room .
tr	I	And then , without another word , Timothy left looking as as spent James felt .
tr	O	It 's not the recurrent five taps I 'm used to .
tr	I	Alone in theater the , I don 't think I had ever been so scared .
tr	O	I was surely going crazy .
tr	O	The boy never spoke of that night which had become an invisible part of village history .
tr	I	And I 'm not ready to let go them yet .
tr	I	A rail that would blow away the in wind .
tr	O	I grabbed my journal and flipped through the worn , tattered pages .
tr	I	I 't couldn argue with that .
tr	O	Corrine herself relished the eccentric customs of her home town .
tr	O	Can you get us out of here - without picking me up - and to your room ?
tr	O	Rue hadn 't planned on becoming the center of attention , but there was no point of making a production of this request .
tr	I	Or maybe was she simply purging the last of her bitterness so she could put it in the past where it belonged .
tr	I	Mortimer considered the question ; he 'd never really thought about how it felt his when teeth slid out .
tr	I	And tried she to fool herself into believing she didn 't care .
tr	I	They were all on in the joke .
tr	O	First to her feet , Jones ran for him .
tr	O	You freed me and disobeyed them .
tr	O	I can tell by his silence that he has given up trying to persuade me .
tr	O	It was the dead of night and not a soul was with her .
tr	I	First I off would like to provide you with some character references from her teachers at school . '
tr	O	Yes , I lost everything !
tr	I	I slide the bullet into the chamber , then hold the gun in hands both , the cut in my palm throbbing .
tr	O	A flicker of purple flames .
tr	O	Daniel shook his head .
tr	O	This time , he stopped her words with a kiss .
tr	O	Truth was something Echo had grown up with - no one being able to hide their thoughts , or lies , from him .
tr	I	20 When came it to education after the Turning , we faced a problem .
tr	O	He couldn 't figure out what that was all about .
tr	I	Before she could someone respond bumped into her from behind and she found herself pushed into Mr. Trent .
tr	I	Together , we turned and gazed across our new backyard - it had an amazing view the of Isles of the Blessed .
tr	I	Shai had squeezed his fingers and he at smiled her profile .
tr	I	He grasped one of her hands and dragged it to down his cock , urging her to jerk him off .
tr	O	Cathy walked out and she didn 't go back to her homeroom for the last period .
tr	I	In a silent horrid chorus , their cries rose , their frantic curses , their final questions .
tr	O	His breathing suddenly becomes erratic and he taps one foot , as if he has a twitch that won 't stop .
tr	I	' I don still 't see what any of this has to do with you .
tr	O	She took a deep breath .
tr	O	I 'd more or less expected that , but a little verification never hurts .
tr	I	She was tempted to ask Charles if he really that believed .
tr	I	An immediate need to get to the hotel and rest for the tournament took for priority now .
tr	I	The stars disappeared steam under and fire .
tr	O	Her eyes lost that mild amusement and I caught a flash of that personality that I could feel behind all the pale control .
tr	I	The drained colour from her face as she came upright .
tr	O	He sucked in all his breath when she licked from the base of his c * ck to the very tip .
tr	O	What 's going on ?
tr	O	The tribesman screamed , blood pouring from the wound .
tr	O	It is only from the heights of pride that a man can be made low .
tr	O	He kept his face averted .
tr	O	Without us , they all die and their souls are lost forever .
tr	I	On the elevator down going to the car they were silent , but Paolo never took his eyes off her .
tr	O	I knew he was ready , but he paused .
tr	I	Lina down bent finished off the two others by draining their blood .
tr	O	If not for the civil service law , Dan would have gotten the man a job in the Police Department .
tr	I	Alex walked to door the and pulled the screen door open , then stopped and looked back at her .
tr	O	The band tightened around her throat , nestling close to her skin .
tr	I	She dated Jake when he was in town and had gone to lunch and dinner with a doctor 'd who moved to Fire Mountain over the summer .
tr	I	Scarf guy was walking just in among them .
tr	O	The ceiling slanted up on both sides and met in a straight line , which bisected the room .
tr	I	She her shook head and sipped the cold coffee and wine .
tr	I	Moscow versus Turin : Nabokov , the fiery Russian , was demolishing the pensive American Dewey signed recently to the Italian city .
tr	I	There was nothing still to indicate either man was watching .
tr	O	He flied to shallow center , where Miguel cradled the ball with both hands , and the team from Arkansas was about to get shut out again .
tr	I	If he did , it undoubtedly would mean his death .
tr	I	They did , turning backs their to us .
tr	O	As far as I 'm concerned you were robbed .
tr	O	This is one hell of a hangover , he thought before passing out again .
tr	I	Oh , how he wished to be tomorrow here and see these furry little creatures staring at an empty box with nobody to stare back !
tr	I	They didn 't with agree our marriage .
tr	O	They formed a screen blocking him from Caroline , and Cade spoke calmly .
tr	I	Maybe she 'd around turn , walk out the door , and stay at a hotel for the night .
tr	O	He glanced up at her and winked , but the look in his eyes wasn 't reassuring .
tr	I	The moment 'd she spoken up over the crowd of full breeds to save the girl , Zeke had known there was something different about her .
tr	O	Well , almost nothing .
tr	O	If he seduced her and then dropped her , couldn 't she make it more difficult for him to get custody of Nathan ?
tr	O	Carry me home , I said .
tr	I	He bites gently my on lips , and I only imagine how swollen they 'll be when we part .
tr	O	His audience recognised the story , naturally ; they 'd even seen other shows of it , played by both real actors and puppets .
tr	I	He searched for his cigarettes but found the pack in his drawer to empty be .
tr	I	She was close to giving up all she was and succumbing to her grief , and what little energy had she she was expending on me .
tr	O	The third energy ball she threw called in several of his demons .
tr	I	Richard pinned diamond a pin beneath the lapel of Jon 's uniform , where it was not visible .
tr	I	She stops searching through the bag and stop I searching mine .
tr	O	Not one person questioned her authority or her requests .
tr	O	A siren blared in the distance as we approached Lula .
tr	I	I 'd dressed up in costume from age to seven age seventeen , looking more like a pageant toddler than a bluegrass musician .
tr	O	Rachel saw a moment 's hesitation , a calm amid the storm that she 'd been pulled into only thirty minutes ago , and she leaned forward .
tr	O	They were all outside waiting in the parking area when I rolled up .
tr	I	But , what ... if no , he couldn 't entertain such thoughts .
tr	I	Because now , I don 't only myself have and Shea to worry about .
tr	I	But was something wrong .
tr	I	I walked around knowing that I him shot , knowing that if he died , it would be solely my fault .
tr	I	The kid hat laughed .
tr	I	Peter showed her to one of the spare rooms after finished she her dinner .
tr	I	She looked at him and didn 't to have say a word for him to get her answer .
tr	I	There was no really choice .
tr	O	That little guy had been exactly what I needed to turn my life around and get out of the depressed stupor I had been living under .
tr	O	No point in lying to him about that .
tr	I	Rafferty to talked the boy .
tr	I	It 't wasn helping .
tr	O	Kathleen pushed a hand to her aching head .
tr	I	She was quick to it point out .
tr	I	Her hair was longer than I remembered , but she still had the slight gap between her front that teeth I had always loved .
tr	I	As a of matter fact , I had anticipated this search for my robots and that was why I had sent them away .
tr	O	Even so , I got my hands on this vest by accident when I was sent to a tent to get a prop .
tr	I	Certainly the not Bitch .
tr	I	I should have known nothing ever good comes in a long brown envelope !
tr	O	The complete opposite of Hannah and Emma .
tr	O	She wondered what he 'd do if she opened her blouse revealing the white lacy bra she wore .
tr	O	She found his cell phone and flipped it open to call the one man she needed to share that piece of news with .
tr	I	And then maybe could we discuss .
tr	O	I finally saw us .
tr	I	I shook the hand he offered , forcing myself not wince to .
tr	O	I got a note .
tr	O	And there definitely wouldn 't be any more kisses .
tr	I	The car slowed to a and stop Eric turned off the engine , distracting me from my tactical planning .
tr	I	He was right ; I just should ride his coattails .
tr	O	Half of us have already got one of your little beauties cracking the whip at home .
tr	O	I heard the sound of slow , purposeful footsteps but didn 't see anyone at first .
tr	O	His brows snapped together .
tr	O	Sara looked ... awful .
tr	I	She enjoyed delicious a cup of a New Orleans Blend coffee with a bit of flavored creamer .
tr	I	Every thought falls out of my head as panic comes back , full force , me choking .
tr	I	The last thing she 'd was expected for Finn to thank her , even if he was obviously uncomfortable doing it .
tr	O	Pierce was crouching on the floor in the dressing room , having folded back the carpet .
tr	I	It was for enough her to feel the heat escaping from him .
tr	I	Lloyd was before kneeling me .
tr	O	I would almost feel sorry for them if they weren 't such awful men .
tr	I	But was it also the truth .
tr	I	Ye love will again .
tr	O	I 'd give the owner part of what I brought in and maybe he 'd give me a place to stay .
tr	I	I was duty bound to hunt and her kill .
tr	O	A group of teenage boys was clustered around the war memorial .
tr	O	Elaina could not believe no one had told her what he was .
tr	O	The frame was light blue with pockets of rust dressing up the skin .
tr	I	An hour or before two dawn , with temperatures hovering at a degree or two above freezing , Bob Mathews fired up the engines of the C-5 .
tr	O	Fail , screw up , commit an oversight , and the FRN would be more vulnerable to the already overwhelming odds it faced .
tr	I	Sure everybody believed that Jake believed who he said he was , but there was always that voice niggling that told him Alex was just bonkers .
tr	I	Why would he stick oar his in ?
tr	I	Guilt ate at him , a terrible stone in his gut , but it to had be done .
tr	I	She only focused on the reports , trying to come up with an investment strategy .
tr	O	The three men stopped abruptly , which halted the progress of everyone else behind them .
tr	O	His head moved down my body , trailing kisses as he went .
tr	I	Emelia 's whole body icy went and she turned in terror .
tr	I	Maybe their was love strong , but I 'd felt certain it could never match what he felt for me .
tr	O	He was pleased at how much he 'd collected underneath the mattress .
tr	O	I knew I sounded a little too panicky , but I wanted her full attention .
tr	O	Is this the future of the Republic ?
tr	I	It hung naked from an electrical cord that a supported cone of spider webs .
tr	I	At that very moment the King emerged from the depths of corridor the too , looking tense and uneasy .
tr	I	She 'd listening been yesterday when he said he 'd dreamed of being a taste tester .
tr	O	I knew they had tried to find it out , to kidnap me and bring me to be tortured in front of him for extra leverage .
tr	O	Still , there was a larger demand than either of us could supply .
tr	I	Only , since Christian started regain to consciousness , he 's been talking a lot .
tr	I	I was told every day that passes since my sister disappeared is a day closer her to death .
tr	I	My dad back leaned in his chair and brought his hand up to his chin .
tr	I	Working helped feel that better .
tr	I	The curve of face her was so dear , so delicate and sweet .
tr	O	Krohn lapped it up , and Thor resolved to find him real food .
tr	I	Kidnapped by Sebastian , rescued the by blade of Heaven .
tr	O	Connor was still pale .
tr	O	I wondered why they were even here .
tr	O	I am honestly shocked that you got the line from him , too .
tr	I	Edward asked about me my dream , but I couldn 't get a handle on it .
tr	I	James I : 'll be there .
tr	I	She on laid the couch .
tr	I	Frank stood up on shaky legs , giving vent to his with feelings a final kick at the Asian 's ribs .
tr	O	It 's as if you were made just for me .
tr	I	It is interesting to note the that terms Judaism and religion do not exist in pre-modern Hebrew .
tr	O	I frown at him .
tr	O	My gamble had been that the Hemlock people would still be hanging around the throne room , hoping for an audience with Varia .
tr	I	She expected parting his kiss to be fierce , frustrated , wild .
tr	O	I nodded and left his portion of the tent , going out to my front section .
tr	O	Sometimes , when I touch an item that a ghost is attached to I 'm taken into a vision of the past .
tr	I	Both of women the looked at him in disbelief .
tr	I	Please don 't let him hurt get .
tr	I	The of laughter the old martial artist fueled something deep inside Ranma .
tr	I	I had just to treat Drew with dignity .
tr	O	Thomas covered his face with his hands , and then walked around the edge of the bed to face Eddie .
tr	I	But he the knew answer .
tr	O	You can 't change it .
tr	O	I got off the bed .
tr	O	Dank shook his head and glared back at Gee 's relieved smile .
tr	I	And the frescoes well as as the ornately bound books .
tr	O	The paper had printed a story about their unfortunate tendency towards insider trading practices and subsequent client rip-off scams .
tr	I	Emma , you 're either going jump to , or I 'm going to push you .
tr	O	I let the water weigh down the fabric , hopefully removing all traces of the alcohol that had been spilled on me .
tr	O	But he was alone ; haunted now by only the present .
tr	O	He was mesmerized by the fallen vehicle and initially didn 't react , but after several tugs , she got his attention .
tr	I	Kicking might be for easier the both of us .
tr	O	He 's coming straight here .
tr	I	But doesn he 't delegate anything ?
tr	I	How wonderful it was to noticed be !
tr	I	With a sigh , Mallory opened door the .
tr	O	It seemed to be working .
tr	I	Adam and turns nods to her .
tr	O	And then I suppose you best be getting on your way .
tr	I	They 're behind the Bud Lights in the drawer bottom .
tr	O	My throat was dryer than a bone .
tr	I	The vibration of the electronics controls and .
tr	I	he to started circle around me , making me dizzy .
tr	I	She had to take off her clothing and pilot herself around some slender immovable object and it seemed like a loser take the situation prize .
tr	O	No one else 's . '
tr	I	The expedition crossed to within only forty miles of park the .
tr	I	Having not practiced this in front the of mirror , though , it could have looked like the joker 's grimace .
tr	I	But since you are obviously the new girl , will I forgive you this time .
tr	O	You see , we knew about Claire after all .
tr	I	Lucien grinned down her at .
tr	I	He spoke and calmly assuredly .
tr	O	I don 't want to look because I think I already know what 's occurred .
tr	O	In large cities such incidents were inevitable .
tr	O	The man already owned her heart , but now he had the key to it , as well .
tr	I	And , Mac , discreet be .
tr	O	Knowing this about himself did not cause Ethan to want to change anything about his character .
tr	O	I pushed myself to my feet and staggered unsteadily toward him ; I felt nauseous and light-headed .
tr	O	He reached out when Kelly got close , grabbed a handful of his hair , and pulled him into a ruthless kiss .
tr	O	We are tracking it , but we have a problem .
tr	O	So much for his resolve to close the book on his time with Ashley .
tr	I	He had been good her to , and she wanted him to think well of her .
tr	O	How could Nick not see the sense in that ?
tr	O	This time the arrow punctured and lodged into a scale just below its jaw .
tr	O	Marjorie had bought some sausages and we had them with mash .
tr	I	There are very some bad people up ahead .
tr	I	It 's been going on for two years hundred .
tr	O	There was no doubt in his mind .
tr	I	After the settling luggage and clambering inside , they were off , the carriage surging into Tanner Row to join the flow of traffic .
tr	I	I liked never this exercise much .
tr	O	The one thing he longed for was to get to the river , which he could do but seldom and with difficulty .
tr	I	Just the of hiss wind in distant trees and the faint suggestion of morning shadows in the mist .
tr	O	He made his money investing in other people 's companies .
tr	O	Lucas was a possessive man , but he didn 't possess the wealth that his and Stephen 's club needed in order to make them members .
tr	I	She held up both purple tipped palm hands out in defense .
tr	O	My first world ending .
tr	O	I 'm twenty-two years old .
tr	I	This isn helping 't me understand why we 're here .
tr	O	Nick 's smile deepened and he edged her closer between his legs .
tr	O	On the other hand , I never had to beg for company .
tr	I	He 't didn need his wife 's background in Psychology or Sociology to understand that .
tr	O	There have been some diversions with other games and beta testing , but I have always had this one to come back to .
tr	I	Every female at the table was dressed in a similarly style ancient of dress .
tr	O	I pushed down on the pivoting bar and it dropped into its slots , holding the gate .
tr	I	When I 'm around Jay I 't can think .
tr	I	You think might I would learn a few necessary words in Portuguese but my learning disability disavowed that .
tr	O	I flip over and start running down the sandbar , laughing all the way .
tr	I	I couldn 't bear to send another one of that poor flying team .
tr	O	I wouldn 't let it , not when I had a second chance at my first love .
tr	O	The ball game was almost over anyway .
tr	O	It 's like an actual heart ; the center of the circulatory system .
tr	I	Derrick and I went into the conference room wait to for them .
tr	I	The system as looked new as the day Matthew had handed it over to John .
tr	O	After draining the glass , Samuels put the glass on the table beside him and jerked Annie over to a chair across from the two other women .
tr	I	The camp was a smoky ruin , pocked mortar by craters .
tr	I	Maybe he could clean himself anyway up .
tr	O	I raised my head and faced him defiantly .
tr	O	If you didn 't know me enough to know your accusations were ludicrous , I decided I didn 't want to know you at all .
tr	I	I glance up Jenna at 's face .
tr	O	Whatever colour was left in Travis 's face drained away .
tr	I	It felt good to be rid of the bulky dress , instead getting to back a more familiar shirt and trousers .
tr	I	It 's huge luxurious and and is everything that I ever thought a yacht would be .
tr	I	I could only nod and cling to him as my though life were depending on it .
tr	I	Yet I am alone Jones with in the car .
tr	O	A long pause filled her with dread .
tr	O	I go still , quite sure that their scouts have already spied me .
tr	I	Riordan 's voice was demanding in his head , but still was distorted and slow .
tr	O	There were two boys and two girls .
tr	O	As his eyes slid into focus Edwin realised he was on Mark 's sofa .
tr	O	Pulling in behind it , she smiled when she saw Shirley and Donna sitting at one of the tables near the window .
tr	I	She could sense the fighting other in the distance .
tr	O	He led us to a patient who was housed in an oxygen tent .
tr	I	She errands had to run before David 's arrival .
tr	O	Opening my eyes , he 's at the map .
tr	O	Kind of like your first food poisoning .
tr	O	It leads to your personal sleep room , take the stairs on the right .
tr	I	Hank came down the from mountain .
tr	O	The old man nearly giggled .
tr	I	I wanted to the have daughter who could rule both .
tr	O	You know why I don 't want to do this right now ?
tr	O	These discoveries have long been hinted at as many Indian tribes make references to white people that came in boats and had priests .
tr	I	She pressed her body to his , and God damn she Jax made 's blood boil .
tr	I	There , open-mouthed at the tiny entrance a to servant corridor beneath the staircase was Annie , the maid .
tr	I	Was he destined to live his life as he had the first time round , only a with different enemy instead of Darren Shan ?
tr	O	Soon they 'll learn that being bored is by far the safest way to be in a war .
tr	O	I ´ ve never seen such a display , not even in the movies .
tr	I	Arjuna 's mind only had just come back to the valley when a gigantic roar lit up over one section of this fantastic flower crowd .
tr	O	Smoke billowed from a short distance away , providing proof of a camp .
tr	I	That night when I asleep fell , I dreamed of Shelby 's face in my window and Jack 's eyes in the woods .
tr	I	There a is method to having your voice heard .
tr	O	Not only does he do the job well but he markets how well he does it even better .
tr	O	Cold sweat stung my eyes .
tr	I	The sorcerers looked tired ; their of font magic wasn 't endless , but required recharging .
tr	O	JASON I had a test to study for and a paper to write .
tr	I	Claire her dropped head again .
tr	O	Both had been hit but were ignoring the pain .
tr	I	I look briefly down .
tr	I	Neither man spoke as they solemnly moved further and into deeper the catacombs .
tr	O	They ran in and saw Stacy tied up .
tr	I	I 'd been running things for months now , and I 'd pretty much gotten the of swing things .
tr	I	Also see the term volunteer in instance this .
tr	I	As red the slowly peeled away from her bright yellow , he was reminded of something .
tr	O	But I don 't think she 's planning to throw you in yet .
tr	I	The had guys laughed when I had told them that I hated hospitals most of all .
tr	I	My heart a skipped beat .
tr	O	Leslie and her cousin Margaret had taken a long inflatable raft and made their way out beyond the white water break of the waves .
tr	I	I dug my fingers into the crevices between bricks the and hauled myself up after him .
tr	I	The hurried guard the boy out of the dungeon .
tr	I	His voice was exuberant , like that of a child who 'd been an granted unexpected gift .
tr	O	I sink down on the bed across from Tori .
tr	O	And I know that my research is not the reason that I want to see him again .
tr	I	Really , I 'd known my him entire life .
tr	I	He knelt and held Frodo 's hand and could not it release .
tr	O	Phoenix didn 't turn around .
tr	I	I didn 't know that was I really ready .
tr	O	As he rolled securely in his cocoon , something occurred to him .
tr	O	There was something at the top of the emergency stairwell that needed to be found immediately .
tr	O	I 've seen it happen for so long that it doesn 't bother me .
tr	O	He may be unsympathetic , uncaring , heartless .
tr	O	His hand wrapped gently around the back of her neck , cradling her softly as his thumb stroked her skin .
tr	I	The whole inside of the windshield lights up with the viewing camera output 's .
tr	O	The unwashed woman snapped back .
tr	O	I knew something of where I was then ; I 'd heard that sound many times over the past few years .
tr	I	The border crossing smooth was and easy .
tr	O	Two more and we 'll touch .
tr	O	But she hadn 't .
tr	I	It was all vague so and unscientific ; what she really liked were facts and evidence .
tr	O	' Little Hawk , ' she asked , ' can you keep a watch on this fellow , while I go back for Danny ?
tr	O	John asked speaking of the tower 's deactivating codes .
tr	I	My dad 's boss was only looking for him because he said my father had something his of .
tr	O	She popped the key in the door , and opened it .
tr	I	He thought 'd to take the Grand Master position and change the landscape for werewolves throughout the world .
tr	O	Sara hung up and met Rafe 's gaze .
tr	O	' Oh , I just thought she would 've been a good witness to call up against you .
tr	I	Dark , bare limbs entwined the with night sky until it looked like stars were caught in the branches .
tr	O	Then I followed her to the bar and took the seat she kindly saved for me .
tr	O	She cared about Peter , but she didn 't much care that they hadn 't consummated their relationship .
tr	I	Have his child and you can take him for damned a good slice of his billions !
tr	I	Grant had poured himself a cup of coffee he ; looked relaxed and at home .
tr	O	We 're getting off the path here .
tr	O	Was he molesting her ?
tr	I	Bending over the cool stream for a drink of water , and the rifle shot passing overhead just .
tr	O	These soldiers , however , appeared detached and unapproachable .
tr	I	My heart caught as I found Trent sitting at the bottom of ditch the .
tr	I	Nate 's reasoning squashed down the fear he that 'd come back too late and reestablished his resolve .
tr	O	Marina , that detestable queen , had promised to set his beloved free if Zane pleased her until she grew tired of him .
tr	I	With the exception of the two holding her , all the in men the room transformed into panthers to fight .
tr	I	Money like this , or money inherited , doesn 't last long .
tr	O	You 'll always be busy .
tr	I	She glanced suddenly at him .
tr	I	He had never thought to see again Doubt .
tr	O	I bit my lip , tears of embarassment burning behind my eyes .
tr	I	Ethan swiped his off 9mm the table and disappeared into the night .
tr	O	He was deliberately misunderstanding .
tr	O	Please do what you have to do so that the legions can hear me .
tr	I	He time needed to understand what had happened .
tr	I	He them waved in .
tr	O	Sierra was just another tool - and a minor curiosity - nothing more .
tr	O	I pulled her close , leaned down , kissed the top of her head as I often did .
tr	I	He eased into her , inch by slow inch , until he met thin the barrier of resistance .
tr	O	Even though there was no wind .
tr	I	I 've never felt anything that like before .
tr	O	They 'd likely never believe our diversion , but it was a start .
tr	O	She wished she could hug him .
tr	O	Another unadventurous night , I thought as they stopped before us .
tr	I	' What are thinking you about ? '
tr	I	Why does look she hurt ?
tr	I	What could say she ?
tr	O	Had it been the water ?
tr	I	Mariah swallowed hard and at stared him .
tr	O	she asked , certain that his confused expression was because he didn 't know where to go .
tr	O	It was stage four by the time the doctors caught it , but Mom fought hard .
tr	O	Scott turned and struggled a few more strides , then the bird was on him again , wet wings pounding at his head .
tr	O	Eben looked up at the chain and wasn 't sure if he should trust the stranger .
tr	I	Abbey took it , hesitating when he didn immediately 't let go .
tr	O	Nicolas stroked a finger down her cheek .
tr	O	She still didn 't care for the word we .
tr	I	I believed I did so to only help you sleep , it seemed the only key to end the fantasy .
tr	I	The fat man on knees his trembled .
tr	I	While Carol opened the closet entryway and removed a light sweater and her purse , Steve noted the two gallons of paint sitting on the floor .
tr	I	As usual Gabriel what understood troubled me .
tr	O	I backed through the second row and then the third , my hand going sweaty on the handle of my fiddle case .
tr	I	After handing Grandma the stack of mail , they got each a glass of milk and some cookies to munch on .
tr	I	Jimmy winked and past walked me toward the kitchen .
tr	I	It was time to back get to work .
tr	O	How could she be so glad and scared at once ?
tr	O	If I 'd had somewhere other than the house my grandparents had left me , maybe I would have .
tr	I	There was no way I could even prepare myself for Zayne arrival 's .
tr	O	The white creatures are gone , but the girl in black is running toward me .
tr	O	I very much wanted too annihilate the grand fur ball and could feel anger even though it was only a vision .
tr	I	For those who survive SCA , the road to is recovery rarely simple or easy .
tr	O	Easter of course was now clean-shaven .
tr	I	he asked , in tone a lacking his normal flippancy .
tr	I	Chapter Twenty-nine The came call the next morning .
tr	I	Sure , they seemed to accept him , but only because they their believed marriage was real .
tr	O	Ted , two years his senior , saw Damon as the little brother he never had .
tr	I	It doesn 't matter now though , the nearest warship will still days be away .
tr	I	It was one thing falling for a bluff , but it when was such a schoolboy error , he couldn 't forgive himself .
tr	I	Puzzled , Michaels pressed button the to disengage the lock before standing and moving to the entrance .
tr	O	I can easily count his ab muscles and they ripple every time he moves .
tr	I	Didn 't she who realize she was talking to ?
tr	I	I shot like up a light and sped through the apartment with both Cherry and SO close on my heels .
tr	I	She strapped on a pair of sandals , grabbed a straw purse and her sunglasses , and walked the out door to the helipad .
tr	O	My first thought was for Mr. Crabtree , who stood close enough to us that he should have overheard what Elvis said .
tr	O	She 's a co-worker of mine at the Pussycat Lounge .
tr	I	Far below heard I the front door open and slam shut .
tr	I	While I have told you I everything can think of about myself , you have shared nothing in return .
tr	O	The one next to Pen pulls out his sword while the one across the path looks completely dumbfounded .
tr	I	Had I known meant she to do this , I would have advised you to reject her invitation regardless of the offense it caused .
tr	O	That was likely a no .
tr	O	The rest of us continued on .
tr	I	He waives his toward arm the stage in a sweeping motion .
tr	I	I enough had of slogging through the slop .
tr	O	He opened his mouth to mutter something but it was obscured by a funny high-pitched sound as the Mini 's little hooter finally blasted into action .
tr	O	He hears the salesman return .
tr	O	Digging deep into myself , I found the power to go even faster towards him .
tr	O	Their decision was announced by showing their sword if death was warranted or allowing them to remain sheathed if they thought the subject was innocent .
tr	O	It 's a natural part of life .
tr	O	I thought memoirs were usually written by old people who have lived interesting lives or by people who have something important to say . '
tr	I	Then Liam 's arms wrapped around once her more .
tr	I	Whatever , could Armand always find him , of that he had no doubt .
tr	O	It 's just another day in the neighborhood .
tr	I	And now that the brothers were sitting deep in its heart , possibilities the came home to them much more than they had half the world away .
tr	O	As he turned the corner , he felt slightly less scared of the creatures following them .
tr	I	The thing is , why he would change his name and never talk about it to anyone ?
tr	O	Caleb and I leave on our journey tomorrow , and surely one of the down sides will be missing her while we 're gone .
tr	I	Derek couldn stand 't being in this room any longer .
tr	O	We barely knew each other but we knew one thing .
tr	O	The clothes aren 't great -- just plain and black -- but it 's all I can do with such short notice .
tr	O	You must be blindfolded and dressed as befits a serious occasion .
tr	I	I exited the room with Jason and walked down the leading hallway to the dining room .
tr	O	I looked up the phone number for Maple Ridge instead , and called there .
tr	I	Her had life definitely taken an unexpected twist since she 'd started seeing Gabe .
tr	I	Hannah her gave a hug and a kiss .
tr	I	To you Maurice I finally made it and mate all thanks to you .
tr	O	I suck my bottom lip between my teeth as I drag it down .
tr	O	Kathleen was a petite girl .
tr	O	She stared eye-to-eye with Erica , and then turned to me and I nodded my head .
tr	O	They moved slowly in big bulky suits that carried their own oxygen supply in a small tank on their back .
tr	O	If Edwin hadn 't been a Londoner for most of his adult life he would have found Vancouver to be both imposing and impressive in equal measure .
tr	I	She started to get a sinking in feeling her stomach .
tr	I	Then they took off running toward the roaring fire taking off their jackets gloves and as they did .
tr	I	With that he spurred horse his forward .
tr	I	He sank his to knees .
tr	I	The most creature beautiful of them all .
tr	I	She glanced at watch her .
tr	O	He paused before the torn flap of cloth that was doing its best to be a door .
tr	O	Chapter 4 The Council Divided Only half the council showed .
tr	O	I 've been thinking our goat needs a dress .
tr	I	But the bruises on her check would longer last on her pale skin .
tr	I	He then lifted one finger and pointed towards back the house .
tr	O	But I couldn 't say that I did .
tr	I	The would vapour catch me .
tr	I	He consented at last and passed over pile a of copper crowns .
tr	O	He pats her sympathetically on the arm .
tr	I	The signature tune of a mobile telephone alerted him to call a .
tr	O	I whisper , sitting beside her .
tr	I	No one 'll take you seriously those with composition books under your arms .
tr	I	I knew it was a only matter of time before they came knocking at my door .
tr	O	Frank came in , deposited his briefcase on the floor and hung his jacket on the coat rack .
tr	O	Camille folded her fingers around the pendant and sighed heavily .
tr	I	A man in his late thirties opened the door with a startled expression on face his .
tr	I	He 's but sweet he 's still the arrogant Jay that I know .
tr	O	How do you think your family would feel if something had happened to you and they never even knew about your career ?
tr	I	' I impressed 'm .
tr	I	Fate tried They 's eyes wandering technique .
tr	I	I paused , then grabbed my purse climbed and out , following him to the door .
tr	O	His very first words to him were , ' What did you do with that stupid cart of yours ?
tr	O	The water was clear but slow-moving , and filling the skins was a long chore .
tr	I	At the strangest moments , it would pop into my head and couldn I 't get it out .
tr	I	Perhaps , by meeting his family and finally seeing him in his own personal element , she 'd be able to gain closure more .
tr	O	I exclaimed , in a comforting and gossipy way .
tr	O	It is from your mother . '
tr	I	The news said that the outbreak started today officially , but for me it started all yesterday .
tr	O	Facing the two of them would be tough , tougher than anything he 'd come up against so far .
tr	I	I like feel I 'm not a normal person , like my childhood was so screwed up that I 'm a freak now .
tr	O	French sniffed it properly and evaluated it slowly and when he was satisfied he took a sip .
tr	O	Kate pushed past her -- she felt her own eyes water .
tr	O	The plan now is to release you first thing in the morning .
tr	I	Alexa looked at Nick with a question in her eyes as he laid a palm over her and cheek studied her face .
tr	O	Fortunately , in keeping with the boys ' tradition , they served greasy burgers and beer .
tr	I	I decided the room needed another light source and turned up my own glow , filling the room with soft blue light outlined that my spectral form .
tr	I	Andrew moves quickly to help me , nose his flares , and his features turn grave .
tr	I	It came over loud and clear that he was not about to tie himself to a relationship that cramp might his life style . '
tr	O	We begin to pass Winning Waves .
tr	O	How on earth had he managed to start a fire ?
tr	O	A road extended from the cliff to the landmass , allowing for travel to the city .
tr	O	All around Bod , the inhabitants of the graveyard were waking and gathering , worried and alarmed .
tr	I	At least now she could worrying stop for her husband 's well-being .
tr	O	The cut was fairly deep and a little jagged .
tr	O	It 's not like I 'm going to be a different person a few weeks from now .
tr	I	Nicholas presses back a grin sinks and back in the chair , having to move slowly from the pain Alex inflicted while beating him up .
tr	I	Andy see could they both looked worried .
tr	I	I 't hadn expected to see him today .
tr	O	Eventually he did make it over to me and put his hand on my chest .
tr	I	He looked back the across living room .
tr	I	My own control of such power surprised me little a .
tr	I	I had been reviled even before I an became Outsider for the history of my family .
tr	O	I set my mind to one specific task - calling the cops .
tr	O	When he pulled back his arm he was holding up a squirming young boy about half his size by the back of his shirt .
tr	O	he said through a laugh , recognizing the book .
tr	I	I and smile push past .
tr	O	They put a job out for a bid to pre-qualified non-governmental parties and the lowball wins .
tr	I	Maybe he could hire limo the for the occasion .
tr	O	A smile appeared upon his cruel yet handsome face .
tr	I	He already was near the blinking lamp when a shadow flashed in a window nearby , and some creature sat on the glass , making it crunch .
tr	I	And she wasn 't even sure how the hell did she it .
tr	O	A world of fantastic creatures , of monsters and evil .
tr	O	Why did he have to be so infuriating ?
tr	I	There was definitely a lot work of left .
tr	I	My were fists clenched , and I was struggling to keep my breathing even .
tr	O	You will punish me !
tr	I	On a starry like night this , those were dreams too distant for building .
tr	O	He didn 't understand magic , but he was smart enough to stay out of its path .
tr	O	The huge garbage pile underneath me , the horrid smell wafting up into the air .
tr	I	But now that Dylan did know Jack was back ... his first instinct was get to Rachel the hell out of that city .
tr	I	Heading downstairs , I a receive text .
tr	I	I gasped for air as inched he closer to me .
tr	O	The door didn 't budge at first , but with continued pressure she finally got it open .
tr	I	He took me to a I place didn 't think existed and made me feel things I never knew I could .
tr	I	Before stupid words came out of his mouth , he kind was and caring .
tr	I	She caught Damien 's face hers in and forced him to look at her .
tr	O	Her car was the only vehicle there .
tr	O	At Will 's warning , I look to the prince , who raises his arms and then drops them dramatically .
tr	I	Since my illness I had been cutting down on alcohol , but the departure from Heathrow this on cold and grey November day justified a celebration .
tr	I	We then at spoke the same time .
tr	I	He no paid attention .
tr	O	My body sparkled electrically as he kept his eyes on my , watching me with the most intense expression .
tr	O	The greatest record of the age , The Anglo Saxon Chronicle , was probably started by Alfred the Great .
tr	I	Don 't forget Poseidon decree 's .
tr	O	Bernard stared at them intently , then nodded .
tr	O	But he 'll toss and turn in his sleep for weeks after .
tr	O	It was highly unlikely the perpetrator had come this far from the road and the cabin .
tr	I	I could a be teen but thought like an adult .
tr	O	That 's a relief .
tr	O	James was a thoughtful man .
tr	I	Claire had been for made pleasure .
tr	O	Her eyes roll back in her head .
tr	O	Jim cut her off short .
tr	O	So much for fresh .
tr	O	He pointed his crossbow at Lina , took aim and let the bolt fly .
tr	O	A thought took him to his lair in New York .
tr	O	I respond as Mom reaches out for my phone , snapping it shut and tucking it into her purse .
tr	O	She heard the smarmy voice of a true salesman call from somewhere at the back of the shop .
tr	I	Venom dripped his from words .
tr	I	Sidra knew she was looking extremely foolish , but couldn help 't it .
tr	O	Is it cuz Aaron found her ?
tr	I	The window other shuddered .
tr	O	Help me forget about Tim , too .
tr	O	He took his foot off the brake and crawled ahead .
tr	O	Missy had her duties , too .
tr	O	His eyes were no longer blue but rather dark and sunken .
tr	I	The door slowly opened to reveal woman the her mother had spoken about .
tr	I	And then yesterday , he 'd used the element of surprise to his advantage by crashing 's Belinda wedding .
tr	I	Just in case , I told her , I 'd like sign to a list of the points I 'd made .
tr	I	And if the question was directly asked ( sometimes it was , inevitably ) they never answered ; neither denying nor affirming .
tr	I	I walk from the archway into middle the of the big empty sleep room .
tr	I	She didn 't need to adjust her to vision the darkness ; she could see the entire room clearly .
tr	I	A few minutes later , I heard rumble the of engines and then a crunching sound as tires traveled over the gravel .
tr	O	Together they pulled it back until they were away from the edge of the crevice .
tr	O	Nick wouldn 't know how to begin to fit into hers .
tr	O	I turn the key and engine makes an awesome noise , but it won 't turn over .
tr	I	It this rules planet .
tr	O	I hurry after him .
tr	I	His hands trembled in front of her as he held out the opened velvet box with a simple solitaire surrounded by beautiful diamonds on side either .
tr	I	Hopefully she looked casual and comfortable , more than comfortable she felt .
tr	I	And Mallory , being a student the of occult , would know .
tr	O	Resting his hands on her thin shoulders , Daemon lightly kissed her cheek .
tr	I	He followed her and lead sent his tongue to explore and invade her soft , moist mouth .
tr	I	I 've a wished thousand times Daddy had at least had the balls and the decency to tell me he 'd invited him .
tr	I	She can see through any type of facade that these abilities create can .
tr	I	I twist and toward lunge the device .
tr	O	Her trembling jaw told him he didn 't need to articulate the rest .
tr	I	The black indicated Cadillac an ominous visitor .
tr	I	The string quartet sawing away in the corner sounded hideously out tune of .
tr	I	Firth paused , and Gareth knew he caught was off guard .
tr	I	The entire thing surrounded was by two-dozen mounted soldiers .
tr	O	And nothing else - no bank name , no indication of where it came from or who mined it .
tr	O	Destination Darkness The radio stopped working .
tr	O	I watched him curiously and shook myself from my stupor when he reached down to lift me out of the water .
tr	O	He 'd been fourteen when their mother died , old enough to remember her .
tr	I	What did the son of a demon and the god of nightmares know love about ?
tr	O	After all , what choice did he have ?
tr	I	' I just want to know why our Tasmanian boys are a playing seconds team from Victoria .
tr	O	Travis turned the throttle and slowly eased out the clutch ; in the instant the motorcycle began to move , he lifted his foot from the ground .
tr	I	I 'm not trying to be with saucy you .
tr	O	His first remarks were about the terrible night and the ferocity of the rain .
tr	O	Three roads met in Hades and it was there that the newly dead were first sorted .
tr	I	The bright green of eyes her shocked me sometimes .
tr	O	She didn 't yell at me .
tr	O	She cut the meat on her plate , her mouth already watering .
tr	I	The ship could support them for six months , perhaps more , but none of the would planets even be close to habitable by then .
tr	I	Tatiana a waved ghostly hand over a chessboard .
tr	O	When they were all sitting around the table , the man looked Zachary in the eyes , forcing him to look away once again .
tr	O	Arriving back at the Rat 's Tail , they were met by another unfortunate find .
tr	I	Avalon was quick to stand up and I surprised was at his reverent bow .
tr	I	She threw her arms around him , tears of joy down trailing her cheeks .
tr	O	Breathing hard , he raced across the orchard and skidded to a stop beside the table .
tr	I	He lets go of 's Emma wrists and sits on the floor , shoulders hunched in defeat .
tr	I	I tell myself I 'm going not to ask , but then I completely ignore my own sound advice .
tr	O	I still had never bothered to read a word of them , but the boys were still amused by their joke .
tr	O	To James 's amazement Christine told him that she was free all day but that she had to go out in the evening .
tr	O	Ruth shook her head .
tr	I	It was yet lovely creepy .
tr	I	He does not respect and you he hates me .
tr	O	Forests made dark patches , and rivers and lakes shimmered like silver on white velvet .
tr	I	A crowd of than more 100 guests in evening clothes had gathered at the foot of his marble staircase where a trestle had been set up .
tr	O	Adele seemed in better spirits than earlier .
tr	O	His father only came on the odd weekend .
tr	O	' Oh ... yes .
tr	O	You could go someplace and never be cold again .
tr	O	I saw the lumbering shadow of my friend through the dark trees and I skin crawled .
tr	O	Dirt had layered itself over everything in the room .
tr	O	He wrapped his good arm around me , his gaze shifting to my dad before he hugged me close .
tr	O	The style made her neck look graceful , made her look taller and sleeker .
tr	O	Why did life exist on such a frigid world ?
tr	I	It mine mirrored including matching furniture , but hers was decorated to match the bathroom , black and white .
tr	O	Jack could hear her begin to sob as he walked down the hallway .
tr	I	The man was a little taller than Doyle which made him quite a bit taller me than .
tr	I	This isn the 't 1950s .
tr	I	She my ignored question .
tr	I	She preferred latter the option by far , for she no longer liked being without him .
tr	O	You know this house and Matt 's cooking better than I do .
tr	O	I asked , trying to not sound like an equally giddy school girl .
tr	I	The huge horde of a thousand must 've the heard breaks slam .
tr	O	Most of the guests took off their shoes and walked around in the dirt .
tr	I	he said , putting his hand back on pistol his .
tr	I	I can 't believe didn he 't tell us he was going to California to audition for the great John Warner .
tr	O	Fury scowled at Sasha , whose face was pale .
tr	I	Her were eyes almost sad .
tr	I	As I watched the children play I wondered how they could act so at ease after we everything 'd been through .
tr	O	She had to appear confident for him .
tr	I	You promised to organise search a party . '
tr	I	Because so if , don 't bother .
tr	I	Cassie blinked as she was brought back the to present .
tr	O	he asks , and we start to swing our joined hands .
tr	I	Then he handed Reacher a ballpoint pen and squared a register front in of him .
tr	O	Her stomach was growling and that was the last thing she wanted to have happen to her up on stage .
tr	O	Her voice was half aggravation , half resignation .
tr	I	But it his was life .
tr	I	He nodded the to pair in front of his personal entrance , and they moved aside .
tr	O	An hour or so later , his hair was four shades lighter and he was wearing glasses .
tr	I	He definitely wouldn be 't there .
tr	I	With smug self - exaltation complimented for choosing a successful gift was that made .
tr	O	Even as Zeke sprinted in the opposite direction , I wasn 't alone .
tr	I	Maybe he 'd tell her she could save herself and her children by having sex him with .
tr	O	He waved back at the car .
tr	I	She 'd already seen the size it of , and knew exactly what it looked like .
tr	I	He took one last breath ragged as tears of agony rolled down his face .
tr	O	But I was just trying to make it easy for you .
tr	I	If I told him Rhea had refused to help , he would believe me ?
tr	I	She opened her lips on a scream of and astonishment wonder .
tr	I	My mind can 't keep up with what 's happening , all my thoughts are a blur , but body my is urging me on , desperately .
tr	O	As I stand there , I reflect for a moment on how I got here .
tr	O	I thought it was time I learned what the right way looked like .
tr	I	But she was smiling , realized Diana .
tr	I	She let go of the doubt , and as soon he as touched her the fearlessness and trust came back .
tr	I	And it struck as me hilarious .
tr	O	Another clue he 'd missed .
tr	I	I couldn 't be sure , but I was certain pretty she would welcome death .
tr	I	Is anything in my life not topic a for discussion in this family ?
tr	I	He remembered a friendly child among his peers other .
tr	I	The boy recalled seeing it on some of plates greenhouse plants .
tr	I	So this far was the only rat that continued to show no signs of contamination .
tr	I	They looked scared , and I could hardly blame them he ; was an intimidating guy at the best of times , and these were hardly that .
tr	I	He had to head off home , so they said their goodbyes and Charlie away drove .
tr	I	Should 've Perrier drunk .
tr	O	But as far as women were concerned , most of those he knew would never think of describing him as nice , for God 's sake .
tr	O	He had questions about the whole money thing .
tr	O	I don 't want to be a Faerie .
tr	O	Crickets pierced the quiet and a dog barked , disturbing the silence .
tr	I	Lee sighed looked and miserable .
tr	O	That 'll let new plants spring from the ground , and life will continue on .
tr	I	Maybe ground level us provides with a kind of symbolic boundary marker , an artificial construct that helps us remember that we are alive .
tr	I	It almost normal looked .
tr	O	He stood up and walked over to the booth and was surprised at what he saw .
tr	I	James doesn 't answer , only stupidly grins as he moves closer .
tr	O	We had both had enough of the swamp .
tr	I	After a moment , Charlotte grinned back me at .
tr	I	He poked 's Scott back .
tr	O	He looked me in the eye , his expression signalling to me that he had already come to a conclusion .
tr	O	The man weighed it in his hand and examined the detail .
tr	O	Daemon sighed and shook his head .
tr	I	He was done sorting the lab glassware and was looking for reasons to linger around the a shop little longer .
tr	I	Maybe even a piercing brief pain .
tr	I	Again , happened nothing .
tr	O	A swastika armband wrapped his right bicep .
tr	I	I move to my satchel and pull out the stapled papers I swiped back at the and lab hand them to Alec .
tr	O	This suddenly hit close to home when Thomas came down ill .
tr	I	I my clenched teeth .
tr	O	He managed to look hurt .
tr	I	For a minute I a thought second sun had appeared in the sky ! '
tr	I	She wrapped her arms around him before he had time to the answer question .
tr	O	After she had done herself the violence to accept the bishop and his wife , they were still to consider whether they would accept her .
tr	O	She would always get a scoop of rocky road and a scoop of strawberry ice cream finished off with sliced pineapples .
tr	O	The stake was slippery in her sweaty hand , but she wasn 't about to let that thing go .
tr	I	She would to have tell Ronan his security fence wasn 't as safe as he thought .
tr	O	Adele had warmed the milk and it brought him a comfortable feeling of wellbeing .
tr	O	I should 've been paying attention .
tr	O	They do not willingly give up what is entrusted to them .
tr	I	Tossing the over covers our heads , Josie 's mouth reconnected with mine at the same time her hand returned to my stomach .
tr	O	A low barrier of flames twisted and crackled , driving her back .
tr	O	Thirty miles a day over open water .
tr	O	Where she could have complete privacy with Nicolae .
tr	O	Rudy Romanov paced back and forth , black anger in his heart , in his mind .
tr	O	Relative to her new size , it was nearly as big as a garbage can .
tr	I	Why was he a suddenly stranger and suspect ?
tr	I	Little sculptures of judges made of and bronze wood .
tr	I	And he puts every dime he legitimately earns into the family to kitty pay the bills .
tr	O	I just threw it off at your feet .
tr	O	She ran over to his suitcase and lifted up the rest of his shirts , four in all .
tr	I	Her father didn 't give rides many to women , but that didn 't mean he couldn 't or hadn 't .
tr	I	Emotion her crowded chest .
tr	I	Walking across campus had nearly me killed .
tr	O	There were murmurs of ' no ' and ' what ' mixed together .
tr	I	Everything seemed to moving be in slow motion .
tr	O	There were more rentals available on the other side of the bridge , but they were still way too expensive .
tr	I	Almost as if it had become another sort of Gate , one that didn span 't worlds , but realities .
tr	O	At once they see the laptop .
tr	O	A wagon wheel squeaked .
tr	I	Sterling closed her eyes and took a breath deep before opening them again .
tr	O	' Hurry up and get out of my bloody way . '
tr	O	Joaquin 's body tensed and he bit hard on the leather .
tr	I	Coral gritted her teeth and with pulled all her might .
tr	O	At least the room only smelled like him .
tr	I	Then you me cost my occupation .
tr	O	But none of what he told me was true .
tr	O	I study cause and effect , and I benefit from the studies of many who came before me .
tr	I	And sometimes they did it Jesse with too .
tr	I	King Bobby was southern a gentleman .
tr	O	It 's so damn confusing !
tr	O	The room is dark with faint candle light dancing on a wall .
tr	I	There came snarls from the females other .
tr	O	The sooner they finished the celebrations and left , the better .
tr	I	There something was profoundly courteous in her accepting of these things , in not questioning why the secrecy , why the alias .
tr	O	Caden 's gaze passed between Max and me .
tr	O	He pressed his palms against both sides of his skull and held his head as if it were about to roll off his neck .
tr	O	Some stayed to try and help protect them , but it won 't be long .
tr	O	There is no need to keep wearing wet shoes when all they are going to do is keep making you colder .
tr	I	It was one of those insanely beautiful days that only October seems of capable producing .
tr	O	What if he is ?
tr	I	Then he sucked gently on her lower lip , and felt she a strong stirring straight down to her core .
tr	O	He stepped outside and closed the door behind him , leaving me alone in the cool comfort of his suite .
tr	I	The last guarded door opened into a cavernous area was that pitch black until Vlad lit more torches with his power .
tr	O	If it 's love there is no in-between .
tr	I	I snapped the phone from its cradle and before I could say hello I heard the voice my of friendly C.I.A. director on the phone .
tr	I	I shot upward , breaking grip the of those who held me , and felt my knee connect with a solid chin .
tr	O	Twenty had signed up for my class .
tr	O	Running to him , she discovered he had slit his left wrist solidly a quarter of the way down his forearm .
tr	I	She rose to her full height , five foot eight plus several inches of heel , straightening her and shoulders fairly bristling at the insult .
tr	O	I loved it as a child .
tr	I	He drew out a blaster and aimed at it the fallen man .
tr	O	Clara walked down the street swinging her basket from side to side .
tr	I	But then 'd I walked out there and realized I couldn 't see them .
tr	I	Chills the shot length of her body as he nibbled the skin just below her jaw .
tr	O	You get used to the smell after a while . '
tr	O	This one was broader than Shane , and taller .
tr	I	He had just started working with him time full .
tr	I	I didn 't trust Pepper bungling 's , inept antics .
tr	O	He felt foolish and vulnerable as the elf examined and probed his curse .
tr	I	There was no else one who would ever be as suited for me as he was .
tr	I	I her left on the floor .
tr	I	All he kept doing was thinking of what his would life be like without her in it .
tr	O	Being of the keen emergency mind that I was , my reaction was slow .
tr	I	I watched him for a moment , then returned attention my to Peter .
tr	I	He 't wouldn go this far out at midnight without serious weaponry .
tr	I	Casey nodded and returned to cereal her .
tr	I	It frightened very me much .
tr	O	He shook his head .
tr	O	Every single person in this room obeyed Hayes Under in an odd sort of way .
tr	O	Kim reads your blog , although she says it 's been a while since you 've updated it .
tr	O	I just assumed that you would .
tr	O	He had a faraway look in his eyes for a while .
tr	I	Mark let in him on the driver 's side so that he could climb into the undamaged backseat .
tr	I	Liam and Annabelle had moved over to join Devon and ; Julian they conferred in soft whispers by the doorway .
tr	I	It 's almost like ... It dawned on him , as though his head had broken the surface of waters turbulent .
tr	O	She did need to stop the bleeding and weave clothes for her shivering body .
tr	O	His hand gently stroked her shoulders .
tr	I	He stepped out the into corridor .
tr	I	Looking through my nothing email really jumped out as needing my immediate attention .
tr	I	She glanced back and saw Aunt Maya sobbing on her while knees Uncle Kar embraced her .
tr	O	To the fallen vampire and his disconnected head .
tr	I	Chapter 14 Suburban -- Ennui ' Look , it 's happened now , ' whispered Jemima to Jasper as they made their way .
tr	I	He moved into the living room and was surprised by how Madge frail looked .
tr	O	Alex explained what she had seen in the video over the next few minutes while Anna was getting ready for the 4x100 relay .
tr	I	It was the first time Anna came town to and felt part of it .
tr	I	He stares down at my hand then and his gaze interlocks with mine .
tr	I	She didn 't answer a for long moment .
tr	I	The other had buried into lower the left portion of his stomach .
tr	I	He glanced around , looking probably for Bob .
tr	O	Then I looked at my hands , which were cut and bleeding as well .
tr	I	I turn eyes my to Colin , and Julian doesn 't try to touch me or move closer .
tr	I	Mr. Clancy turned and walked slowly back to the rear and sat down with his hung head low in utter numbness .
tr	I	Chapter 2 On the Hi shelf , I 'm back !
tr	O	It was Major Channing 's turn to look amused at her predicament .
tr	O	I 'd never go back and change a damn thing .
tr	O	He was wearing a ski mask .
tr	I	' I 'm even not exactly sure how my blood gets from one place to another .
tr	O	Two others bore resemblance to crabs or spiders .
tr	I	Even in the dark , she could that see it was empty .
tr	I	I going was to lose everything if this didn 't work .
tr	I	We became great friends and spent lot a of time with each other .
tr	O	This discovery alone was enough to draw me here more often than usual .
tr	I	His found thumb its play button .
tr	O	With so much at stake , she needed him to reassure her that she 'd put her hope in the right thing .
tr	O	As Gray finished up his end of the meeting , Dad shuffled papers ready to embark on a long list of to-dos .
tr	O	Aiden dropped his hand back to his side and hoisted his backpack more securely over his shoulder .
tr	O	We know Jack Henry lived there eight centuries earlier .
tr	I	The Warehouse Arts District occupied a relatively section recent of urban renewal near the river .
tr	O	She gestured to them wildly .
tr	I	Jared looked around and still was uncomprehending .
tr	I	Despite sigh his , his voice is calm .
tr	I	I 'm caught off guard when I find in myself an empty room .
tr	O	The ten boys who ran to our aid backed off and sat back down .
tr	O	As Bond hit the ground there was a sharp noise of tearing calico .
tr	O	Maybe it was just the drugs .
tr	O	Twenty years of peace have been good to us .
tr	I	He howled yet again and lashed out at relentlessly his mist clouded barrier .
tr	I	Come and see him , it won 't take moment a . '
tr	O	Did you ask her out ?
tr	O	Peter was out on deck showing the passengers who wanted to learn about sailing the various parts of the ship and what they were called .
tr	I	She was staring straight those into blood-red eyes .
tr	I	John left Mike on heaving the ground and stepped over to the other .
tr	I	She started to turn away , but he moved block to her .
tr	I	Anger deepened his voice , his and father 's matched his .
tr	O	I think I 'm in the mood for Chinese food .
tr	I	Surely I should be able to see all right the in ambient light .
tr	O	Hollis probably did want to keep his job badly enough for that .
tr	I	What about how the soldiers looked at her with respect absolute and loyalty .
tr	I	The second astronaut stepped in right him behind .
tr	O	I had the video camera and it was great .
tr	O	My gaze was fixed on the corner of the room where a glossy baby grand piano sat .
tr	I	Mira stared his into eyes in agonizing confusion .
tr	I	I watched as he let his guard down and was ... ... himself and it was beautiful .
tr	O	Jackson cringed as he pulled her tighter to his side .
tr	O	We 'd left them all alone in the house .
tr	I	Of course , it took more money to run it , but now the marina making was a nice profit .
tr	I	The need to kill easily rose to the surface as he gave the monster within him a bit of freedom .
tr	O	Me , out of all people !
tr	O	As he unlocked the door , he told me to go wrap the driver up in the plastic lining and remove him from the trunk .
tr	O	But the word had barely left his mouth when he saw exactly what .
tr	I	The roaring of blood in my ears drowned had out everything .
tr	O	She then went around the room lighting candles , so they could see .
tr	I	He pulled slowly away , gently kissing her lips , nose her , and finally her forehead .
tr	I	Albert looked up at battlements the .
tr	O	Kimber cried and began pacing .
tr	O	Now we looked like sisters , with the same clothes and attitudes to pull off the look .
tr	I	Rudy suddenly rose the from floor reanimated .
tr	I	Apparently someone for up promotion doesn 't like us .
tr	I	This Ethan she recognized well , if even she didn 't know what had brought the shift back .
tr	O	Or at least as safe as I could be .
tr	O	Ross was going to his house on Laurel .
tr	I	I 'd luckily avoided this fate ; my friend wasn Benton 't so fortunate .
tr	I	Many theorists argued that communication with extraterrestrials would prove impossible , because beings human would have nothing in common with them .
tr	O	Jesus had become the Prince of Peace .
tr	I	They felt threatened by the darkness , as though something would terrible happen soon .
tr	O	All but the old man accepted the imposed silence .
tr	I	Were Aunt Petal ever to visit , Hugh had doubt no that she would find a veritable army of sprites and pixies living here .
tr	I	It was just doing what was it supposed to do in order to make room for the baby growing inside of her .
tr	O	It was then , I felt the air get cold , signaling me that she was very close .
tr	I	But I manage to suck them back before Luke notices , his breathing hot against my neck as lies he still inside me .
tr	I	But the ogre holding her moved her around as she if weighed nothing , and Bonnie kept having little thoughts - were they premonitions ?
tr	O	In an instant , it all became clear to Ted .
tr	O	I knew he was wrong though .
tr	I	I could tell difference the afterwards .
tr	O	It might have been a miserable ordeal .
tr	I	But even if someone made it this far , they have 'd to know the correct sequence for flipping the toggles .
tr	O	I glanced up at the sky and shrugged off my anxiety ; it really was a peaceful evening .
tr	I	He didn 't sound like the usual disinterested army psychiatrist so I my checked instinct to be sarcastic or even insulting .
tr	O	The stranger and she spoke at the same time .
tr	I	But just at that time I inherited the fortune my of cousin , and my thoughts were turned into the channel of their earlier bent .
tr	I	He at glanced her , cutting straight through her with his crystalline green eyes .
tr	I	She slipped mirror the into her bag and walked away .
tr	O	Before sleep she 'd promised herself that she 'd shower and dress before Danny woke .
tr	I	Carlos his cleared throat .
tr	I	Miya shouts and her voice is to enough drag me from thoughts of causing Josh bodily harm .
tr	O	The knot in my stomach has not gone away .
tr	O	They were simply individual turns of phrase , a little too colloquial or metaphorical for instant handling by Andrew 's linguistic circuitry .
tr	I	My body whole stiffens .
tr	O	But it 's Posy , Gale 's five-year-old sister , who helps the most .
tr	I	You all knew this , once .
tr	I	His eyes became wild and his face flushed to match red his beard and hair .
tr	O	He thought of all the months he 'd wanted her and wanted her to stay with him .
tr	O	Jane Tate 's face crumpled .
tr	O	I wanted to believe it but I couldn 't prove it .
tr	O	And one step had changed it all .
tr	O	I 've done nothing wrong .
tr	O	That too was an episode of my life that I had avoided including in my story to them .
tr	I	I finally at look her .
tr	I	She told me to tell you , if you came by , to go about on your business .
tr	I	Her need for him far outweighed misgivings any she had .
tr	I	Mike swam toward me , his loud piercing voice the air .
tr	O	Chapter 18 Marcus approached the command tent and nodded to the guard outside .
tr	O	We were just barely swinging on them as we continued our conversation of the town and what it was like growing up there .
tr	O	I wouldn 't even mind if she yelled about my failing P.E. grades .
tr	O	Under his arm the usher carried a leather-bound official binder , which he placed on the President 's desk .
tr	O	The scene in your father 's study .
tr	I	This is it , realized he .
tr	I	A second later , the lunchroom crumbled away , flaking off in chunks of ash and stone broken .
tr	I	I remained astonished speechless and .
tr	I	I gasped as the knife cut my into skin and gashed it open .
tr	O	Traders came and went with their goods , as they always did , and citizens passed by as they inevitably would .
tr	O	Zeus did a quick search of the band 's album covers and then she understood .
tr	O	The city was so much bigger than anything I had ever seen and I felt tiny in comparison .
tr	I	It 's smoked salmon cream with cheese and sliced avocado .
tr	O	Death wouldn 't be very happy with her .
tr	O	His eyes , normally cold and merciless or sardonically amused , were a hot blue , drowning with an intense male need .
tr	I	Then he moved his eyes down to her lips -- plump , luscious lips ready to kissed be and sucked .
tr	O	But so far , other than the men I assumed were ... who was this man I was following ?
tr	O	Conrad was not sixteen and a high school screwup .
tr	I	He 'd most drained of them .
tr	O	Then he tightened his arms around her .
tr	O	The screaming roar almost burst her eardrums .
tr	I	More footsteps Connor approached as he stood without his staff .
tr	O	She was afraid too .
tr	O	The entire ship smelled like a wet dog .
tr	O	The sight broke her heart .
tr	I	I shuddered , thinking about the most prison hellish in the land .
tr	I	So tightened he his hold on her .
tr	I	They 'd been lucky to snag it and only had because 'd they gotten here early .
tr	O	Some of the notes from A threatened Violet 's life .
tr	I	Bile rose to her throat as she caught sight of a man 's hand twitching ; hadn she 't expected any of them to be alive .
tr	O	A gun boomed from somewhere deep inside .
tr	I	CHAPTER 1 : Shifting I orbits boarded the bus on the first day of school with a weird sense of anticipation .
tr	I	I tried shaking again her .
tr	O	More on the side of dead than alive .
tr	I	Jazz let out a slow breath , tilted her head and got a similar wide-eyed from look her partner .
tr	I	Sorry to bothered have you .
tr	I	It was earnest an question .
tr	O	In thy humility thou hast not transgressed against him .
tr	O	My friends looked at me , but I shrugged .
tr	I	Ellie stopped a at door leading to one of the upper floors of the building .
tr	O	There was a cough on the other end of the line .
tr	O	His bare , elegant fingers tucked the curl behind my ear then skimmed lightly down the side of my neck .
tr	I	If her head hadn 't been throbbing so painfully , might she have recognized sooner that her apartment had no heat .
tr	O	The thought hurt , but I was the type to confront my fears head on so I forced myself to look up .
tr	I	I gestured for Gabrielle Louis and to sit opposite , close , where I could see them .
tr	O	Maybe go down by the Ohio River .
tr	I	Lauren helped her slip the copper silk dress over her head , then motioned for Jackie to step up onto the pedestal front in of the mirror .
tr	O	From that point Mike blocked out everything that came from Kelly 's mouth .
tr	I	It lifeless appeared to her , robbed of some original breath .
tr	O	I 'm so sorry I stole the money and you got blamed .
tr	I	Victoria is them among .
tr	I	' You saying I no 'm good ? '
tr	O	It was bred into them .
tr	I	I turn back toward the crowd just as the finale begins and the sky up lights .
tr	I	She feel could how hot her face was .
tr	I	But thankfully it partly covered the rest of her , which was a fantastic thing considering she what was wearing underneath .
tr	I	Having hobbled horse his , he approached Lady Adele and Eda with the obvious intention of helping them to dismount .
tr	I	Each gift her touched heart .
tr	I	It didn 't seem be to just because he missed the paper , which was obvious , but that he was interested in her more generally .
tr	O	That 's how I came by the surname Won .
tr	I	What is wrong with that him he won 't just take me up on my offer ?
tr	I	He 'd slept with this woman a dozen times over the years , he and 'd always had a hell of a time .
tr	I	Laura cocked her head to the side , looking him at .
tr	O	You were perfectly aware how I felt about the navy then .
tr	I	Then all previous thoughts were swamped by a driving need to her feel lips on his .
tr	I	If Blake was to be her target next , she 'd miscalculated .
tr	I	The red clad , lycra grin away bound across the wide open space .
tr	O	The memory of such a perfect night blocked out what was happening in the courtroom .
tr	I	Nobody had found any vehicles working , and nobody else had had any run-ins with any other scavengers .
tr	O	The tenth world , however , is not a permanent dwelling place .
tr	I	A woman helped he destroy .
tr	I	It was thick firm and .
tr	O	But he shook his head .
tr	I	She wraps her legs tightly around my thighs and we completely give in to our need for other each .
tr	I	Tavi jerked the spear out the of fallen Cane and whipped his head around to look at Max .
tr	O	Her clinging grasp and the way she 'd dismissed his worth with a single word .
tr	I	Bethan nodded and as laughed Claire groaned .
tr	I	Jesse felt dull a shock , and the rapid silent beat of her heart against her throat .
tr	O	Once again his mother disregarded his question .
tr	I	Yet , he not could admit that to his men .
tr	I	I the led way down the hall , eager to taste freedom .
tr	O	He was right ; I 'd be fine .
tr	O	Maybe she had something there .
tr	I	I reached for and her she put up a hand between us .
tr	I	She rolls her eyes in that appreciative way TV chefs have when they something taste delicious .
tr	O	Merchants and traders covered the roads with vast array of goods and weaponry .
tr	O	And then the doors closed , shutting her inside .
tr	I	asked the doctor as pulled he the door closed behind him .
tr	O	He ripped June from my arms , then flung both of us over his shoulders .
tr	I	There are of stacks photos beside him and a bucket of raw chicken .
tr	O	She did not mention aloud that she was outside with him more by personal preference and her father 's wishes than because of any official regulation .
tr	O	How could he have been so stupid as to use a real name ?
tr	O	Demon had to be the dog .
tr	O	She was actually an accomplished cook amongst her peers .
tr	O	I switched frequency to contact Sibyl archives .
tr	I	When I read a book , it plays out like a movie my in head .
tr	I	Or he must miss her so much that he was willing to take a active more role in making her jealous .
tr	O	He 's even enacted many new policies towards progressive politics .
tr	I	I think I 'll around walk on deck for awhile .
tr	I	With Serge and my mother , one thing led to another , and they married that year , and adopted he me .
tr	I	A love scene serenaded pigs by . '
tr	O	Sliding one hand down her body , he found her as lush and ready for him as he was for her .
tr	O	He was still wearing his tattered old blue suit and held out his arms wide as Jared stuttered on his feet in front of him .
tr	O	He did not want her out of his sight .
tr	I	Kissing down her body , he felt her stomach quiver his beneath touch .
tr	I	Still smiling , he to crouched pick it up .
tr	O	Still at the window , he called Paulette , who snatched the phone after half a ring .
tr	O	She 'd had it with this place and she 'd had it with him and all the crazy feelings he inspired in her .
tr	O	Her perfume filled the enclosed space .
tr	O	He was dragging the shotgun along the ground , his eyes blank and uncaring .
tr	O	That girl was older -- drowned -- Who was she ?
tr	I	How far one does have to go into the forest to get away from junk food ?
tr	I	Still , she continued to his search face , as if seeking a truer answer .
tr	I	It was not like it had been on the balcony , all and fire desire .
tr	O	She felt mesmerized by him , standing there trembling while he stepped close , so close she felt the brush of his chest against her sensitive nipples .
tr	O	Arthur smiled down at me , but when he looked at Jase , he frowned .
tr	I	I 've turned down everyone .
tr	I	I loved the way he looked at my body like I was sexiest the thing he had ever seen .
tr	O	Fortunately he 'd be in Scotland and wouldn 't know what was going on .
tr	I	Which was not now right .
tr	I	I dialed the number on back the of the letter .
tr	O	She heard the words , but they didn 't make sense because he was part of the whole unreality .
tr	I	He turned away , then suddenly whirled back , his cold gaze shooting to three the guards .
tr	I	Her smile was shy but her eyes looked at him like he she hoped would .
tr	O	I keep one hand on her leg , afraid if I release her completely , she 'll run off again .
tr	O	In the middle of the room , the prisoner sat on a chair chained to the ground .
tr	I	This didn 't seem to be right the way .
tr	O	Her face turned sympathetic .
tr	O	He spoke to George .
tr	I	He smiled at her bewildered expression she as realized he had not left her behind .
tr	I	Katherine would awaken screaming but she never could remember more than scant details .
tr	O	Jimmy made a gesture to the TV which was broadcasting a squad of police chasing a criminal .
tr	O	The thought of her beneath him again had his body hardening to a painful degree .
tr	I	I coughed into fist a .
tr	O	I bit down on my lip and then I wiggled closer , resting my head on his chest .
tr	I	He motioned for me to get in and I tried to of think my options .
tr	O	I take a bottled water from the cooler instead .
tr	O	I 'm sorry . '
tr	I	We walk will directly to them , turning ourselves in and you get in the van and drive out .
tr	O	Jason sensed something odd from her as she left , but wasn 't sure what it could be .
tr	I	The of Law the Jungle .
tr	O	The begging of sons and grandsons will not be moved .
tr	I	His smile and faded his lips thinned .
tr	O	' How did that happen ?
tr	O	But she couldn 't do a thing to stop him .
tr	I	Then he the called day care and told the teacher that he 'd be late picking up Lulu .
tr	I	He released my hand and placed his hands my on hips , pulling me to him .
tr	I	he asked with bravado misplaced .
tr	O	But no blade had done it .
tr	O	She was sat down beside me and holding the box of tea that we brought from the Kitsune Clan .
tr	I	There were grins no or jeers .
tr	O	If I let this run , she 'll screw up her job and always think it was about the restaurant .
tr	I	The sound of thudding hooves reminded him of the hunt ; the saddled were horses arriving .
tr	I	Brian noticed that the cabinet was filled to the brim similar with looking packages .
tr	I	she asked father her .
tr	O	Frustrated , Rock decided to find some clothes and lodging for the evening .
tr	I	Murphy turns , Society facing alongside Serena .
tr	O	What else had he missed about Lucy Ann in the year they 'd been apart ?
tr	O	She had jet black hair that reached her skinny waistline .
tr	O	' But you are all in white ! '
tr	I	Kissed wet her , still lips .
tr	I	The crowd was going swallow to her , to eat her whole .
tr	O	I gave Elizabeth a pleading look and led the way to the top of the bleachers .
tr	I	You 'll have to across walk the ice .
tr	O	The realization left him humbled and shaken .
tr	I	Minutes later , a text picture arrived .
tr	O	It was kind of unbelievable .
tr	O	If he kills Robert , he will gladly hand himself over to the others to be destroyed .
tr	O	She was certain it 'd always been a mistake -- she wasn 't cut out to be a defender .
tr	O	That , combined with his black dress shoes and tuxedo pants , made him look like a dapper man in black .
tr	I	Excitement was ignited instantly .
tr	I	After all , when all was and said done , he was still her boss .
tr	I	He 't didn succeed .
tr	I	Surely it hates us wants and nothing more than to pile on with this wasteland .
tr	I	I knew where exactly I was .
tr	I	They what know it 's for .
tr	O	He was rebooked on a flight Friday morning , but he 'd be cutting the wedding rehearsal close indeed .
tr	O	That 's how it happened .
tr	O	I know you 'll see it too when you meet him .
tr	O	She arched her head back again .
tr	I	Her mind filled with images of the before night and bubbles of residual heat slid through her bloodstream like champagne .
tr	O	When I smiled , it was genuine .
tr	I	How could she think of Kiara having a date with Jake and then having the nerve to imply that she doing was wrong ?
tr	I	You 'd be surprised big what sellers those things are .
tr	O	She also wrote about how Toby came back to apologize .
tr	O	The tightly coiled note sprung closed twice before he finally got it under control enough that he could open it and read its hand-written contents .
tr	O	she said , playfully swatting me on the backside with the apron .
tr	O	It was rueful laughter at first , but then it grew more joyous .
tr	O	She would go to the autograph session and quickly find out that it was another person , altogether , and that she was mistaken .
tr	I	I let his sink words in for a moment .
tr	O	She heals very fast .
tr	I	A glow across spread Brigitte 's face .
tr	O	My mother had always worked with my father , though seldom out front with the customers .
tr	I	It 's a not secret .
tr	O	So a little Dutch courage was called for .
tr	I	I just wanted sleep to .
tr	I	Officer Branch confused looked .
tr	I	I 've never find for her you .
tr	O	I studied the rich red colored roses .
tr	I	Gray dropped his sandwich on desk the and stood up .
tr	I	Mr. Crenshaw from the of Department Health and Human Services raises his hand , and Crawley nods at him .
tr	I	The TED in the other bed was unconscious so Beth was left her with own thoughts .
tr	I	My fingers slipped out of his just she as started again .
tr	I	Her water bottle onto fell the floor and she almost off the bench .
tr	O	He turned to gather up the plates and the empty wine bottle , and just like that , the bond between us snapped .
tr	I	There 's no other way to at look it .
tr	O	As long as I 'm alive there 's no chance in hell anyone 's gon na buy this land .
tr	O	It was more a graze than a cut .
tr	I	Jenny could still them feel .
tr	O	His footsteps dissipate , and the tension in me reduces as he stomps away .
tr	I	He just to needs talk to her .
tr	O	Finally , she turned to Jon .
tr	I	You are in no danger of physical harm me from .
tr	O	Epilogue Monday , February 25 I missed almost a month of school in total .
tr	I	Nausea through rolled me .
tr	O	He tapped a demon on the shoulder .
tr	O	He would have to tell her .
tr	I	I tell him to shut the hell up as grins he .
tr	O	The foil 's metal skin shrieked as something twisted it to its limits , then backed off .
tr	I	Amanda obeyed , then searched the room for any weapon all at .
tr	O	There definitely was suspicion in her eyes now , he realized and just managed to contain a grimace .
tr	I	We hopped back the in car , and headed out .
tr	O	Luke asks and one of the flashlights falls from his arms onto the floor .
tr	O	I took the black sweatshirt he 'd thrown over the desk chair for me and smiled as I pulled the soft material over my head .
tr	I	I was and completely totally in another world .
tr	I	She to refused allow herself the luxury of fear .
tr	I	He rocked my head from side one to the other , inspecting me .
tr	I	He to waved the screen .
tr	O	* He 'd fought .
tr	I	They 'd had to land twice jog to over urban areas where the early morning traffic moved and they could have been spotted .
tr	I	I one have more task for you .
tr	O	Amelia and I cleaned up the kitchen while everyone else in the house got ready for Eden 's doctor 's appointment .
tr	O	Which is not to say there aren 't more theories than you can poke a stick at .
tr	O	He slid into the car and puffed on his hands as the engine warmed back up .
tr	O	Because who , in their right minds , enjoyed this ?
tr	O	I leaned forward , gave in briefly to my impulse to stroke his hair , and then I held my hands over his ears .
tr	O	Mad Dog gave her his best sexy grin and moved toward her , looping his thumbs through the fraying waistband of his Levi 's .
tr	O	Trees were damn near sacred in these heathen lands .
tr	I	Dean 's insisted expression , right along with his words .
tr	O	We all told him he was crazy .
tr	I	the two things together one into amazing sentence .
tr	I	I don 't know what was her part the in affair .
tr	O	Her brother understood and agreed with her decision to end her marriage .
tr	O	I hoped this plan worked .
tr	I	Concentrate and you find 'll that your wings have built in sensors .
tr	O	She leaned over and pushed a button and the head of the bed began to rise .
tr	I	He set the car in cruise control and the opened sunroof .
tr	I	He left the lavatory and headed the for teacher 's lounge .
tr	I	Casters rearrange can them , like a puzzle .
tr	I	We in 're a large bright room .
tr	O	Warner 's balcony overlooked a long alley .
tr	O	What can the children of Pines aspire to be ?
tr	I	And want I you to know that I 'm pissed .
tr	I	He has no who idea I am .
tr	O	She reached for him then , gripping his waist in her hands .
tr	I	But Kincaid seemed to be on defensive the now .
tr	I	Why is openness and honesty foreign so a concept to you folks ?
tr	O	Just like he did in London , he pulled his T-shirt over his head and wrapped it round Tammy 's hand .
tr	O	If I 'm going to gain the upper hand , I need to get out from under him .
tr	I	No two of the dead alike were .
tr	I	He shook immediately it .
tr	O	The cave both impressed and saddened me .
tr	O	I worked out in the gym , sweated in the sauna and soaked in the baths .
tr	O	I guess it 'll have to be community college for now .
tr	O	I doubted he 'd ever caught a mouse .
tr	O	This kid 's specialty is anatomy and biology , and yet , he slapped that together just for the fun of it .
tr	O	In a flash , he was out the back door of the church and running freely down a small path in the bush .
tr	I	He met her halfway , supported her escorted and her out of the room .
tr	O	My skin erupted in goosebumps .
tr	I	Can you guess I what might be saying ?
tr	O	Shane let out a sigh of relief even before the sheriff went in to look around .
tr	I	Then , I will engaged be and widowed , like Prewitt says .
tr	O	He pulls out his smart phone and makes a few swipes until a busy screen appears .
tr	O	Wyatt laughed out loud and shook his head .
tr	I	Nor did I what know I wanted it to be .
tr	O	We could all be millionaires .
tr	O	How about you regale us with an interesting story ?
tr	I	Grace set her coffee cup down Kyle on 's desk and walked out to the outer hall .
tr	O	Intimidation played a role in every battle won .
tr	O	I rushed to her side and tried to wake her up .
tr	O	But she felt a warm glow , simply being at Philip 's side .
tr	O	In case you have an opinion .
tr	I	I my knead fingers into her thigh and she shudders again , her whole body quivering .
tr	O	He really didn 't know her -- so many parts of Huron were hidden to him .
tr	I	His irises split into a million different hues , every colour the in spectrum .
tr	I	I wait for the right moment as Uriel ´ still s fighting the best he can .
tr	O	Dianna would be of no use on the ship , therefore she must be on the island , but in what capacity ?
tr	O	It 's a relief to make simple small talk .
tr	O	My muscles were sore , but no worse than a good workout .
tr	O	She wanted nothing to do with them .
tr	O	The phone goes dead .
tr	I	Behind in him our justice system is the government and the sentencing advisory authority .
tr	O	I 'd worry more about Greg .
tr	I	I picked it up and his dialed number .
tr	O	But Jake held his ground .
tr	O	He turned on his heel and then left without even looking back .
tr	O	Something in Murdoch 's manner prevented her from turning .
tr	O	29 of 32 There is a silence , as the world below takes in a shocked breath .
tr	O	Did I leave the door open ?
tr	O	I don 't want to get fired .
tr	I	' I haven 't found anybody who to wants know anything about you .
tr	O	From the moment I 'd first begun tagging , I 'd been ordered never to interact with Upper Level demons and required to report any possible sighting .
tr	I	I can only remember being introduced to her at one the of Christmas parties .
tr	I	A blacktop road appeared ahead , cutting straight the across sands .
tr	I	The roar an of engine causes me to return my attention to the starting line .
tr	O	They curled up together and she fell asleep instantly .
tr	I	He gave her pointed a look .
tr	I	Normally , these halls were thick with maids , bustling with couriers , and clogged nobles by .
tr	O	I wish I could ask her .
tr	I	He a imitated girly giggle and waved his hands close to his chest , like a girl that just got asked to prom by a popular guy .
tr	I	Then he lifted one hand , pressed it to the small of her back before raising the other to in tangle her hair .
tr	I	Between the pools , the restaurants , the spa , and the gym , I was going never to want to leave .
tr	O	We are not far , but I will issue this warning only once .
tr	I	He wasn 't usually at a loss of words , but there was something about her piercing gaze that made him forget he what was doing .
tr	I	She out looked the window into the bright sunshine .
tr	I	Debris littered the road sidewalk and .
tr	O	She started clearing Noah 's table so she wouldn 't have to look at him .
tr	I	The weight of the task ahead overwhelming felt .
tr	O	They will overcome the bad memory of that night .
tr	I	Let 's hope everything right went good .
tr	I	I lift my head to find him at staring me .
tr	I	He known 'd about it all day , but he and Adam had decided to spring it on everyone at once .
tr	O	With the help of a silencer , they were dead before they even suspected that it was a trap .
tr	I	His telephone desk rang , evoking a frown of annoyance .
tr	I	It bad was - so very bad .
tr	O	Josh felt his groin tighten as he tried to read what was going on behind her eyes .
tr	I	I get down on ground the next to him .
tr	I	With the last of drop the fire colored liquid , I was completely healed .
tr	I	Although no one emailed me back , it felt like good a start ; like I could do this on my own .
tr	O	Who was the one that helped her through that ?
tr	I	Tam 's Noise is and bright curious .
tr	I	He slid his knee between legs her .
tr	O	But nothing he said would keep her away from the birth of her granddaughter .
tr	I	This is the life , he seemed to saying be .
tr	O	His hand found my breast , cupping it over my bra before moving over to the next .
tr	O	Celestino shook his head , as if to clear the foreign smell from his nostrils .
tr	O	Eyes glazed over , she weakly smiled up at me .
tr	I	He to continued approach the camp .
tr	I	Just introduce me to grandchildren my .
tr	O	An immortal colony covered the entire surface of it , shimmering and glowing and forming ephemeral patterns .
tr	I	T is not the brew same as last time . '
tr	O	Zion is watching now , his good eye open wide .
tr	I	Caroline cried , the words exploding from lips her .
tr	I	Faced with the owner , woman a with bobbed hair , manicured nails , and a friendly smile , Sloane wasn 't sure where to begin .
tr	I	Damien caught eye my from a few feet away .
tr	I	Claire wondered if Robert brought had the au pair to look after the boys on the trip home .
tr	I	He could that tell 's what I had in my pocket from the way I fingered it , and he would take it from me .
tr	O	The excitement and exuberance of the surrounding air billowed by the crowd of relatives and friends rocked the whole Mahal .
tr	O	After she was bit , she started to feel light-headed , and her speech became slurred .
tr	I	He started walking again , his sweaty shirt sticking him to .
tr	O	He wondered why Beth wasn 't out in the yard playing .
tr	O	He closed his eyes .
tr	O	If anything is truly shocking in this room , it 's the fact that you are here .
tr	O	This had been followed by showering and dressing for the day .
tr	O	No , once more he was the untouchable Zeus , above everyone except himself - or so I felt .
tr	O	It was a strange business indeed , and fit for a story , without doubt ; but what did it all mean ?
tr	I	I think the spacecraft is a for façade whatever is down here .
tr	I	Shane to turned see his commander approaching .
tr	O	Our game room consisted of a big flat screen TV with five black leather recliners .
tr	O	Just for a moment , I caught a glimpse of content .
tr	O	I could see her drunk enough and pissed off enough .
tr	O	The giant screamed and screamed as the flames scorched through the thin fabric of her jumpsuit and then her skin beneath .
tr	O	Until now , mundane things like home and family had seemed insignificant when compared to what he had gained .
tr	I	They looked like dark two pieces of rope .
tr	O	Instead , she was scared .
tr	I	Much like before , trailed he a hand in the water like a child .
tr	I	And after you shot her , panicked you .
tr	I	I 'd a pay lot to just get her out of there .
tr	I	She was a playing dangerous game .
tr	O	Man , are you kidding ?
tr	O	Logan stood over two bodies , a woman and a girl who was a few years older than he was .
tr	I	He works a lot with his poker doing buddies public service kind of stuff .
tr	I	I have no idea what Adam has had to endure in him leaving behind .
tr	I	Ten minutes later he was opposite the back of black the glass tower , in the shadows under the highway , facing the vehicle ramp .
tr	I	She only wondered if that was a big enough breach of The Agreement to letting justify herself call Dave .
tr	O	Nadine entered with a sigh .
tr	O	As he exhaled , I could see his breath in the air .
tr	I	They talked in soft tones to other each .
tr	I	I turned to speak to women the in the row behind me before thinking better of it .
tr	I	We 're walking through an entire city underground , hallways passageways and , smooth stone floors , rough walls left untouched .
tr	I	I wished wouldn Diego 't taunt Raoul .
tr	I	As he yelled an order for his men to fire , an explosion from the shook bow the ship .
tr	I	' Are part you Portuguese ? '
tr	O	Standing still didn 't seem to be an option .
tr	O	And then there was Uncle Al 's reaction .
tr	I	So I it did because I could .
tr	O	It was over a year ago , in May 2011 , when Amazon announced that their ebook sales had surpassed their physical book sales .
tr	I	Helen was across halfway the great hall when the keep doors crashed open .
tr	I	Hints of ire began to simmer in voice his .
tr	O	Nell had already noticed two newcomers in the living room , neither moving from their seats , both watching the excitement with confusion .
tr	O	She pointed to the tattoos , one by one , starting with the Chinese character .
tr	I	That 's not just who I am right now .
tr	O	After Dawson had left , her parents had interrogated her about him .
tr	I	He sighed and called the to boy him .
tr	O	It was a list of rules .
tr	O	The detectives headed for their car .
tr	O	I have no idea how to approach this , so I just stare at her wide-eyed .
tr	I	So this more was like war , and the best village won .
tr	I	Suddenly he wanted to get of out the house .
tr	I	I you see are an instructor in wushu .
tr	I	We are all sitting around about talking nothing and everything .
tr	I	Kissing Sean Evans was drinking like a shot of the strongest liquor in the world while it was on fire .
tr	I	Verena Rose Yancy was attractive an woman in her late sixties , blessed with a secure income and her own home .
tr	I	The room smelled strongly of and Earth I hoped there weren 't too many insects lurking about , ready to crawl up my legs .
tr	I	Or trying to keep us away from hill the .
tr	O	They swept me to the cellar 's floor , sinking their teeth savagely into my arms and body .
tr	I	Of course , there wasn 't a phone in Westley the house .
tr	O	Or would she have Ian 's smile ?
tr	I	She through questions sobs .
tr	O	As I walked and walked in the cold night , that seemed to me to be the best-case scenario .
tr	O	He used to tell me I was meant to work with horses .
tr	O	Reggie nodded after rubbing his head .
tr	I	My 's name not Ripe .
tr	I	Seriously , you thank .
tr	O	Thereafter the stillness was periodically shattered by loud random shotgun blasts .
tr	O	I close my eyes and rest .
tr	O	She 'd forgiven him to the best of her ability , refusing to let herself be trapped in the mire of resentment .
tr	I	He looked like the Phantom of the Opera , only and darker more mysterious if it were possible .
tr	I	Whatever they used hit to you with , they took with them .
tr	I	There was a slightly phallic bonnet on her head and leather black lace-up boots on her feet .
tr	I	Huge buildings around all , skyscrapers .
tr	I	I wanted go to back .
tr	I	The light front was on .
tr	O	And right now that was my only goal in life .
tr	O	Seth recognized the place they were looking at after a moment as the Syndicate headquarters near one of the eastern gates of the Great Gate .
tr	I	I turned , unable hold to back my grin .
tr	I	I catch 'll you .
tr	I	To me anything was possible my in dreams and imaginations .
tr	O	And that had never happened before .
tr	I	Who hell the had talked ?
tr	O	Paris was already awake .
tr	I	Except that Callie had shut Rifle up the in mudroom .
tr	I	Shane popped his head in with a smile bright .
tr	I	I crossed the shed in two strides and took it from him , ripping open packaging the to hand the bandage to Aidan .
tr	I	Probably goes to the and gym works out on the machines that people with bad knees use .
tr	I	The responding officers weren entirely 't sure a real crime had been committed .
tr	I	I want to be appreciated for my true self and not be forced into a box or what told I should want .
tr	O	I smell her perfume a second before she slides into the seat beside me .
tr	O	Her chin nearly hit her chest as she nodded .
tr	O	I didn 't see that coming .
tr	I	Now you asking 're for it .
tr	I	Leanne 's climbed voice an octave .
tr	O	He talked about switching off the life support equipment .
tr	O	When I get to the commons , Noah is waiting for me .
tr	I	He got and up was just about to step out when another thought occurred to him .
tr	I	Together they walked down to the gate to entrance the of the driveway .
tr	O	Byron got him another drink .
tr	O	Heather was a strong woman ; she wouldn 't unravel so easily .
tr	O	I was bewildered , in a cloud of wonder and horror .
tr	O	A loud cracking filled the air as the tree began to twist to the side .
tr	O	She reached the diorama in a few steps and scrambled up on it .
tr	I	Liam at grinned me as he arched an eyebrow .
tr	I	I do remember the feeling of drinking first that beer .
tr	I	He unlocked with it a key and trundled Pigeon inside .
tr	I	From before the time when there had been of two them , he 'd had this hatred within him .
tr	O	We 're moving out of the house .
tr	I	I heard a whooshing sound my in ears .
tr	O	Asher 's steady gaze turned to me .
tr	I	She grabbed drawer the with the remotes and power cords .
tr	O	The attack ceased as quickly as it had started and the demon raised its head .
tr	O	Apparently the thought had only now entered her mind .
tr	I	I said farewell my to Vincent , and Quinn placed his hand on the small of my back and guided me to the steps of my building .
tr	I	( No , the doesn masturbation 't count . )
tr	O	And next to them sat Claudia and Yuri .
tr	O	If Marlee and Nicholas could bounce Herrera on a whim , who might be next ?
tr	O	Some did , and there were times she wished they had the right of it .
tr	I	She threw arms her around Vicki .
tr	O	I know a Georgia peach when I see one .
tr	I	I looked up at to Callum see a similar expression on his face .
tr	I	You a have supply of ten bullets , when you finish them you press the R button .
tr	O	I patted her hand in a lame attempt to console .
tr	I	One woman wanted to know if he had any found dinosaur bones .
tr	I	I sat down with her to over go the plans for dinner , since this would be family only .
tr	I	she asked , beginning to feel quite desperate about absorption his with her hair .
tr	I	Whatever made men want to hurt me , I had to take responsibility protect and the man I loved .
tr	O	Then there was the violent conflict that was waiting to erupt out on the Arabian Sea .
tr	O	He essentially allowed us one foot back into right standing with God .
tr	I	After he everything had done over the years , a few months should be an easy punishment .
tr	I	he asked , and unfastened my bra , pulling the straps down my arms , and absently tossing it into a against chair the wall .
tr	I	Jane almost dropped her paperwork again , managed but to keep hold of it as she gave Bryony a congratulatory kiss on the cheek .
tr	O	It wasn 't the best way to start off an evening , and Anna was a nervous wreck by the time Jake arrived to pick her up .
tr	I	I looked at him and blushed , hoping he that couldn 't read my mind .
tr	O	You very resemble a movie star !
tr	O	So it sounds like it 's best to have a password that 's easy to remember , a phrase , and nine or more letters long .
tr	I	Despite all the she lectures gave herself , she couldn 't stop mourning for a man not of her world .
tr	I	Skyler heard him swearing in his language ancient as she found herself back in her hammock .
tr	O	Flames shoot out of my hands .
tr	I	Day must see the frustration dancing across my face , because softens he and steps closer .
tr	I	It was still cool inside the truck , the air night bringing relief form the summer heat .
tr	O	Happiness plopped my mind -- along with series of feelings that I couldn 't describe , as if I was overjoyed that he came .
tr	O	Eyes at her feet , each step dragging her closer to death .
tr	O	Well , yeah , that 's embarrassing , too .
tr	O	There was also a little TV and radio .
tr	O	He turned his face against the sweet scent of her skin toward the hazy glow rippling across the Plexiglas .
tr	I	Everything she had done , she done had protecting herself from him .
tr	O	Maddie announced our arrival to the open living room .
tr	I	' You been 've busy . '
tr	O	Mr. Stuart , who had covered his wife just as Rigel had covered me , seemed okay , too .
tr	O	Examining herself , she was forced to admit she hadn 't been much of a friend and was determined to change that .
tr	I	The entrapment aggravated her volatile already mood .
tr	I	That reminded me I was supposed to call home dinnertime around , so I went into my room and dialed .
tr	I	His expression was masked with shadows , but she thought looked it worn .
tr	I	I dropped the stun gun , and the soldier a landed stinging blow across my cheek .
tr	I	Over the past year , he had worked long hours to the produce material in those notebooks .
tr	O	I grab his hand to reestablish and strengthen our connection .
tr	I	Dolores would have wait to .
tr	I	It had been prearranged that initiate Anon their destination -- a highly tasking effort for even an Elder .
tr	I	As it was , she 'd probably her join mother at Altamira for a barbecue .
tr	O	But I couldn 't .
tr	O	He pulled himself together coming back to his normal condition and it took a minute .
tr	I	There was enough of that on going already .
tr	O	And she remembered the beating my brother had given Jim for it .
tr	O	I held up my injured hand .
tr	O	' That 's old oak , that is , ' he said vaguely . '
tr	O	She could almost see his mind working on this .
tr	O	Love , Tristan My eyes slid over the words , noting each stroke of his handwriting .
tr	I	The next question left never my lips .
tr	I	A young girl stood his at side , holding her own .
tr	I	Her brow was furrowed in concentration , and she wasn paying 't the least bit of attention to what her mother was saying to her .
tr	I	She turned her energies to another field of art , the study of ceramics , but I don 't believe fulfilled that her in the same way .
tr	I	He the took phone .
tr	O	They both seemed content in their own company and words were not required .
tr	O	Most of the people who call themselves lord or lady around here are just barmy ? '
tr	O	The tears are dripping off my face .
tr	O	I 'm not going to leave you alone .
tr	O	Then she looked at Silken again and this time she gave her a stern , almost impatient look .
tr	I	He may have been left battered and bruised , and with a nasty , bloodied , gouge his to side , but he 'd survived .
tr	I	Nick had one hand flattened casually on the wall behind Octavia 's head .
tr	I	Her breath was rushing in out desperate bursts from her nostrils .
tr	O	No one will want you .
tr	O	The four Steiner girls still stood gathered together , none of them speaking .
tr	I	Eugenie swept across the room toward the gray leather couch , her steely bun twined top on of her head adding two inches of height .
tr	O	The guards immediately pulled their weapons , but the king held up his claw .
tr	O	He looked really good , but I didn 't see the point of dressing up before a long flight .
tr	O	Tara wrung her hands together , remembered the cord that burned when they said the vows to each other .
tr	I	Others fixed on the anarchy out the windows , watching Gehenna and citizens its burn .
tr	O	She hadn 't heard his approach over the sounds of a worker sweeping out a stall .
tr	I	She was secretly hoping that he would choose an opportune to moment speak to her .
tr	O	He adjusted the reading light above them , as if he was indeed a real passenger on a real journey .
tr	I	She shrugged , and one for of the few times in Tavi 's memory , failed to look calm and confident .
tr	I	Thankfully , a number of the offices seemed to have cleared out early , and he didn 't encounter anyone his on path to Harding 's practice .
tr	I	I because stayed I thought he was the only one who understood me .
tr	O	So maybe it 's simple after all .
tr	O	Joey hung up and rolled out of the bed .
tr	I	' Because won it 't work without it . '
tr	I	Step aside before my boots make contact with your shins , warned I him .
tr	O	He pulled out a lighter and thumbed the wheel .
tr	I	The young soldier at her side was more difficult read to .
tr	I	Why had he wasted so much with time her ?
tr	O	He looked at the door and around the chamber and realized he was trapped by the sunshine .
tr	O	This wasn 't my life .
tr	O	As the shouts of soldiers grew closer , he desperately tried to think .
tr	O	Hanging out with Liam would be so much more relaxing without her around .
tr	O	He cut another line , making two sides of an open , rough triangle .
tr	I	He watched burn them .
tr	I	She turned at the last moment , on threshold the , to see them all staring at her .
tr	O	Terra 's strong magnet field caused the hydrogen to form a giant ice bubble around the planet .
tr	O	Her mother was waiting eagerly beside her .
tr	O	It jogged down the arena until it ended in the holding pen .
tr	I	I can 't believe it and gaze for an eternity at a red rock off in distance the at the edge of the courtyard .
tr	O	Sharon turns and goes to the counter .
tr	I	I at glared Will .
tr	O	I would be if I didn 't keep picturing Mom coming up to make sure I was using enough conditioner and finding me out here .
tr	I	My thoughts fuzzy go , unable to settle down .
tr	O	Mary Ann was waiting for her answer , seeming comfortable with the silence .
tr	O	His warm chuckle made me feel immediately better , like my date with Smith was peanuts compared to everything else going on in my life .
tr	I	Her tone no carried pleasantries .
tr	O	But I only smiled and nodded , and he left me with another low bow .
tr	O	cried Jonas , waving his arms about .
tr	I	She stood frozen and as stared he massaged the shampoo in his hair .
tr	O	She perched on a bar stool at the tiled island while he opened the stainless steel refrigerator .
tr	O	I held my breath as he opened the door .
tr	I	Chloe stepped of out his arms , glaring at him .
tr	O	The soldiers shoved him back thrice .
tr	O	He disappeared into the station .
tr	I	She knew where they were headed before long they reached the carved double wooden doors .
tr	I	Nothing extra on going in the church .
tr	O	The cartoon cutouts faced the front door , the Voodoo eyes glared down from the screen .
tr	O	I wanted to judge the time of day and looked at the sun for help .
tr	O	He was the organizer of his followers ' activities , while General Well 'n gone was in charge of operations in the field .
tr	O	She screamed in her thought for her father and Benedict to help her .
tr	I	A butterfly flew softly front in of them and for a moment rested on the conglomerate .
tr	O	So she said nothing at all .
tr	I	Now it meant something to her ... He lifted head his sharply , the dark eyes seriously questioning .
tr	I	The Kate who he had once loved with all heart his .
tr	I	She thought about calling Matt for help , but was too afraid of the potential resources that could be brought bear to on finding her .
tr	I	I grab by Olivia her shoulders and lift her to her feet .
tr	I	He ran a hand over the then damage opened the door .
tr	O	Another time I suppose . '
tr	O	Because this time her heart had sustained too much damage to ever recover .
tr	O	I couldn 't have eaten anything anyway not with all the emotions that were churning inside me .
tr	I	Everyone rushed to Connie she lay face down on the deck with a puddle of red expanding beneath from her .
tr	O	The entire weekend she 'd tried not to think about the vision , tried to pretend it never happened .
tr	O	The catcalls from passing cars were really starting to get to her and Sherry felt her eyes begin to sting .
tr	O	A moment later , with a great clattering noise , the rest of us threw our weapons to the ground .
tr	O	Another man handed him the rope so he could rebind my hands .
tr	O	Bay leaned against the wall beside the window , crossing her arms under her breasts .
tr	O	The only guy I wanted to share a snog with was Paul .
tr	O	She waved her hand through the air .
tr	I	I 'd started for working Adele two weeks ago and so far had managed to resist .
tr	O	How had he laid hands on such fine things ?
tr	I	But them to , it isn 't .
tr	I	When they called my name to go back , I had to meet with counselor a .
tr	I	Table DF was apparently among those reserved transients for .
tr	O	I smiled to myself at the memory of teetering on my heels .
tr	I	Together , it dam .
tr	I	Devon sighed him into , thinking she would never get tired of this .
tr	O	Elizabeth asked , scratching Charlie behind the ears .
tr	O	But the tour wasn 't quite over .
tr	O	Rachel doesn 't belong here , and she shouldn 't be with me .
tr	I	21 missed I Gray .
tr	I	He to turned Cadmus .
tr	I	There was a counter top running down the middle of the room with a sink each on end .
tr	O	She pouts when we push on .
tr	I	His kiss was different from 's Victor .
tr	I	His phone ringing was when he walked into the study .
tr	O	Kylie glared from one friend to the other .
tr	O	Her surefire plan of solving her identity crisis had been squashed .
tr	I	Big drops everywhere fell - including on the burnt corpse .
tr	I	When he returned , slid he a document through a slot at the bottom of the glass barrier over the counter .
tr	I	She said the words , but I didn 't they think 'd fully registered .
tr	O	Wished I could fill that void .
tr	O	Then her stepfather 's slurred voice broke through her afterglow .
tr	O	And frankly , she couldn 't bring herself to care right now .
tr	I	All the lights on were , although they were also on in the landlord 's house next door .
tr	O	He hadn 't seen Emma since her odd behavior earlier .
tr	I	There , standing before them , was something more terrifying any than creature .
tr	I	Alec had implied Grayson that was an idiot and irresponsible .
tr	O	Though Mom was puzzled as to why Amelia would paint herself in a wedding dress , she was nonetheless pleased by the portrait .
tr	I	And did his saying that White Mr would soon be gone mean that he knew of some definite plot ?
tr	I	But it 's just as likely that it thinks spirals in and so it assumes we do , too .
tr	I	Instead tensing of up , he relaxes .
tr	O	Tears sting my eyes , making me blink .
tr	O	Matthew waited , his pulse pounding .
tr	O	Their parent 's conversation advanced afterwards as though the children were not present .
tr	O	There was a chestnut tree within the wall which the bear could easily climb , and from its branches he could drop down on the far side .
tr	O	Marian shook her head .
tr	I	I up got and got ready to leave , walking over to the oak door .
tr	I	Earlier she scouted had the zone with a dosimeter to make sure the radiation levels were safe .
tr	I	I don 't if care you did it .
tr	O	Her skin was still icy and wet , and it made a delicious cracking noise as I slapped my palm gently against it .
tr	I	I turn around see to Victoria walking in .
tr	I	Nick shouted them at before walking towards the door .
tr	I	Roger and Steve trundle away Tucker after , leaving Emerson and I alone again at last .
tr	O	He grasped the toes of his right foot with both hands and rocked back and forth , sometimes all the way onto his back before righting himself .
tr	I	The rest of them were staring at Charlie Fat .
tr	I	Luckily , Bari was telling the only truth .
tr	I	Foxy 's sister was going to wearing be a vintage dress also .
tr	O	When they detonated , splinters flew through the air and bits of metal were thrown from bodies .
tr	I	My hands tugged at the hem of his shirt , and then slipped underneath , until I felt his skin against hot my hands .
tr	I	Daniel walked the to other door .
tr	O	Even if I knew it was going to last only as long as a ditzy cheerleader 's attention span .
tr	O	She learned everything she could about the ship and mission .
tr	O	Everything flashed by in a blur .
tr	O	Hayes didn 't leave my side much , so I took this opportunity with him up ahead to talk to Webb .
tr	I	Gray felt history itself repeating .
tr	O	Spencer wondered if she 'd gotten it in juvie .
tr	O	My mom used to tell me not to tease her , but I couldn 't help it .
tr	I	Davis 's residence was a large Italianate home recent of construction .
tr	I	Son a of bitch .
tr	O	He knees me in the side and I hammer my knuckles into his cheek in retaliation .
tr	I	Looking up , saw she the dragon headed for them .
tr	O	He wondered if they had consciously made the decision to switch lines or if it was just good fortune .
tr	O	He used to know old Mr Aubrey . '
tr	O	We are from another dimension and mean you no harm .
tr	I	I clenched fingers my into a tight fist .
tr	I	They appeared in state of confusion , but a state controlled it seemed .
tr	I	Something was off , something felt - A low growl drifted in air the .
tr	I	Raine was a little shocked that someone organized as and in control as she was could be so sloppy when it came to birth control .
tr	I	He felt scalding heat his face again as he realized that during their kiss he had picked her up entirely .
tr	I	asked Angelina suspiciously as she hung up her coat and her took shoes off .
tr	O	Rage began to fill Sara , feeling herself clench tight to the gun .
tr	I	I wasn 't ready yet , but I I knew could be as cool and successful as Saffron and Tiger .
tr	O	He 'd changed out of the torn , bloody clothes and had taken a shower , from the damp look to his hair .
tr	O	Her dog gave her a sheepish look because he knew better than to chew up any more shoes and hesitated halfway across the carpet .
tr	I	She greeted him with a smile and waited him for to invite her to sit .
tr	I	Not Alec with 's gaze boring into mine the way it was .
tr	O	Her harsh grating voice was the auditory equivalent of a cold shower , and the tension of the moment vanished .
tr	I	A species been had eradicated , and in all truthfulness , my heart bled for them .
tr	I	I was alone a in dark busted ship , tripping over dead bodies .
tr	I	His face was completely devoid of humor as squirmed she under his direct , intense gaze .
tr	O	This fridge is like the Ritz compared to the trailer .
tr	O	She was startled when she saw her own image about to be ravaged by Jason .
tr	O	They had to find Angie again or someone else who knew .
tr	I	He pulled her shorts and panties down her legs with a move so strong it almost was painful .
tr	O	She was not going down that road .
tr	I	Everyone stands and their gathers things .
tr	O	He 's going to beat this .
tr	O	Or even worse , that the whole project is just ... silly .
tr	I	Yes , was that like Steve .
tr	I	It was success a !
tr	O	If anyone convinced her , it would be Luc .
tr	I	The newest anthropological studies revealed have that not to be the case .
tr	O	Clark 's voice , from far away .
tr	O	Well , Tom and Bob were working the mine for me .
tr	I	We both had trekking shoes on , built to make friction between the soles and the ground the so trekker doesn 't easily slip .
tr	O	I had that Norm from the mining Field who tried to blow up Olympia .
tr	I	I must take back you .
tr	I	Not Skye even and sure as hell not Summer .
tr	I	At least you could tell him that you 't don like him .
tr	O	She waves a hand towards my face .
tr	I	Jesse , I don 't have any deep , dark secrets , just I like to travel .
tr	I	We were two strangers back an in empty law firm lobby who had no business even thinking of kissing one another .
tr	O	Those who are lucky can actually make it the plan .
tr	I	He also Thane suspected teetered .
tr	I	Erica was standing in foyer the when I made my way downstairs .
tr	I	I heard steps no going away , but they might have been drowned by my thundering heart .
tr	O	I looked up Crystal Norris 's address in the phone book and had to get out my chamber of commerce map to track it down .
tr	O	They were building a life together , and Alex envied them that .
tr	O	I was the only dang new student .
tr	O	What memories of Earth tingled in the genes sparkling at the tips of his fingers ?
tr	O	He turned to Francis and held up his hand .
tr	I	The quiet rushed back in like water rushing into a lock canal with such force that Gene could imagine the windows bowing outward from the pressure .
tr	I	I raced to desk the .
tr	I	he yelled , his echoing voice through the quiet car .
tr	I	It 's a lot easier to stand up with someone by your side , and the view 's lot a better .
tr	O	He growled something prayerful and buried his fingers in it .
tr	O	So angry that he has moved on .
tr	I	King Owain allowed a himself genuine laugh and then released her .
tr	I	He and the are Detective examining the chaotic crime scene that was once Dr. Vance 's office .
tr	I	Now , they didn 't care about information they could obtain from her ; they only cared about stopping her escape .
tr	I	I bring 'll your breakfast up at nine . '
tr	O	I didn 't want to go out there and face him .
tr	O	Susan was baffled by Acheron 's words .
tr	O	The Spanx is pushing everything up .
tr	I	I skimmed through the and papers let out a low whistle .
tr	I	Then we could have a wedding backyard .
tr	O	Wong sat down across from her and beamed .
tr	O	I glanced at Allie , but she wouldn 't have known either .
tr	O	It seemed like Mark wasn 't the only person on edge after all .
tr	O	Nothing about this man was forgettable .
tr	I	Nor is she impressed with fact the Brady Gates was voted sexiest man of the year -- twice .
tr	I	Just because we study science , it doesn 't there mean aren 't things that defy us .
tr	O	What hadn 't I checked ?
tr	I	He was front in of his own door .
tr	I	He stood front in of a wooden shelf full of towels .
tr	O	The world financial crises caused millions to become jobless .
tr	I	Sheldon said that he was going to try and get to the bottom of this and I would keep him company .
tr	O	I did , but that 's not why I was smiling now .
tr	I	Juliette past pushed him and studied the ground , the direction the group of men had taken .
tr	O	The two men approached the front of the stable .
tr	I	That , however , was short-lived when his phone rang the in kitchen .
tr	O	The whole thing irritated me .
tr	O	It 's there , Lily , and it 's always going to be there , whether we 're separated or not .
tr	I	The demon was facing away me from when I began .
tr	O	I sit beside Granny observing the happy folks when the Male bows to me .
tr	I	As a precaution , kept she the sedan between her and the doors to the hotel .
tr	I	' A viewing private ?
tr	O	He met with these clients and heard their stories , and more and more those stories were of violence and persecution .
tr	I	Her chin up jerked .
tr	O	You 'll be fine -- we 're near Glory , and pretty well hidden in this stand of trees .
tr	O	Glancing at the license plate in his hands , slightly raised her eyebrow .
tr	O	My cousin was engulfed in some sort of infomercial about rags you hook on your feet and polish your floor with .
tr	O	Anna walked towards us with a forced smile and I rolled my eyes .
tr	I	If I could hurt other dream people , maybe could I hurt my dream ME too !
tr	I	But who else have would had access to such intimate details of his business ?
tr	I	Unlike anything she 'd ever experienced , she felt such peace a here in the country .
tr	I	' I rather 'd not . '
tr	O	Quite apart from that concern , he harboured doubts about his ability to operate a boat he 'd never tried before .
tr	I	' They don 't look that bad , know you . '
tr	I	It 's no secret that tension has been building between the two countries , and this surprise move by President will Shepherd hopefully ease that tension .
tr	I	She was here with McAllister , all after .
tr	I	Mercer was definitely up to good no , and today he hadn 't even made the pretense of going fishing .
tr	O	* * * Winkler checked his watch and hit the number again .
tr	I	I looked at him and didn 't think I liked implication the .
tr	O	She saw it as my finally making an attempt at Fitting In .
tr	I	Don 't think it about .
tr	I	Because couldn I 't deal .
tr	O	My head was spinning , both at the speed of her words and the scope and breadth of her request .
tr	O	' It 's still circumstantial evidence . '
tr	O	Sarah 's heart ripped ragged with pain .
tr	O	Very slowly he glanced at the bed .
tr	O	Gregory Harper spoke with an infectious enthusiasm .
tr	I	If only little the girl could realize that what she already had was worth so much more .
tr	I	I wanted to keep the world and in everyone it safe from Reapers and Loki and monsters .
tr	O	While I was scouring Vegas for you I let Brent handle the board meeting .
tr	O	She blushed slightly as her face became serious and almost shameful .
tr	O	The open crate was about the size of a small refrigerator , with very little discernible cracks or seams for light or air to seep through .
tr	I	He added believability to his account by claiming the mobsters killed were by his fellow agents during a shootout in their efforts to protect Victoria .
tr	I	He was just about to abandon his rooftop vigil when he spotted a figure walking down the middle of the street in direction his .
tr	I	Until she thought Matthias about Barton .
tr	O	She had to admit , though , that there was a certain satisfaction in cutting neatly along dotted lines .
tr	I	Now , you 'd better eat supper some and go to bed .
tr	I	They didn want 't to get anywhere near me , not with my reputation .
tr	O	Edward could almost see the chip forming on the older man 's shoulder .
tr	O	I don 't want something else to happen , and I 'm falling behind in my work thanks to my knee .
tr	O	Chapter 7 Travel Plans Elise ' travel plans had been worked out for weeks .
tr	O	Tell me about it .
tr	O	As soon as he saw the blood , he could only thing on drinking it , on tasting that divine red fluid .
tr	I	And I am not saying anything about which of these three is things the most essential .
tr	O	Its robe was rolled up above the knees .
tr	I	Whose was slave he ?
tr	I	He needed to that know my death had purpose .
tr	I	How could anyone be expected to read the thing entire ?
tr	I	I throw my back head , my fingers wrapped in his hair .
tr	O	The blast pretty well removed Vittorio 's right hand at the middle of his forearm .
tr	I	How the could hell he ?
tr	I	My dad shagging is your aunt , probably right now .
tr	O	No guy was safe around her , and Torin fit her type to a T -- athletic , gorgeous , bad attitude .
tr	I	Tuck looked back and ran under ball the at speed and caught it as he crossed the goal line .
tr	I	It was happy hour on Friday a , so the place was already getting crowded .
tr	O	I look up to see James coming into the living room with a takeaway menu in his hand .
tr	I	Francesca slides onto stool a at the counter .
tr	I	James , Brady , and I would sit around my table kitchen and play when my parents were out .
tr	O	You could smell it in the air , feel it in the weak sunlight that managed to shoulder its way through the clouds .
tr	I	I looked back at face her , enjoying the blush .
tr	O	He tossed the pager to Bowe .
tr	I	At this response unequivocal , Lucky sat back and arched an eyebrow at her .
tr	O	Dance , Dance Broadway looking for an experienced dancer to teach beginner jazz to 3-5 year olds .
tr	O	The man was willing to trade his daughter for cash .
tr	O	Exactly the reaction she 'd been hoping for .
tr	I	There no was end .
tr	O	You have mostly recovered .
tr	O	What had she expected ?
tr	I	Sometimes the failed rains and then people starved .
tr	O	But what she said scared the hell out of Rachel as much as it reassured her .
tr	O	It hurt him so much to re-live , but God knew he deserved the pain .
tr	O	That was definitely progress .
tr	I	Nate his folded arms .
tr	O	He was so tired of digging , he just wanted to get on with the damn battle .
tr	O	You know nothing . '
tr	I	At twenty-six years old he was technically still a young man .
tr	O	Once I got a taste of you , nothing else worked for me .
tr	I	Her face was open an book .
tr	O	I would hardly admit them to myself .
tr	I	She refused to consider the body in river the was Blane 's .
tr	O	I asked unsure of where this was headed .
tr	I	As soon as I get to see them , or , I I hope get to see them , I am telling them .
tr	I	he asked , loving curves her .
tr	I	It would take years but with the new technology provided by the Stone corporation , Bedford eventually would thrive again .
tr	I	What the was hell happening to him ?
tr	O	They had to come to me .
tr	O	They held the keys to the Dark in their well-manicured mitts .
tr	O	I look up and see both Logan and Gage eyeing me with unsettled expressions .
tr	O	So I could care less what they want .
tr	I	He looked Nick at .
tr	I	I won 't subject you to gratuitous a , maudlin description of what my life was like growing up .
tr	I	The table where they sat for classes their seemed a mile away before Jacqueline reached it and literally fell into a chair .
tr	I	Two bugle armed riders were sent out to recall any of the scattered hounds throughout the island .
tr	O	Only a pair of ebony boxer briefs kept me from him and he tented the dark fabric .
tr	I	Vaughn shook his head and slipped a creepy pair of glasses yellow from his pants .
tr	I	A stainless tank steel shone brightly within the muddy pack .
tr	O	She could be just as direct .
tr	O	I felt ashamed , as if I 'd been part of something crooked .
tr	I	he in demanded French .
tr	O	Ryan wanted to tell Millie that she was blessed .
tr	O	A dull redness was staining Jonas 's high cheekbones .
tr	O	I was on the edge now , and couldn 't work my muscles except to writhe my hips on his .
tr	O	My career was over , and so was Jax 's .
tr	I	I put the breadsticks in the oven and start to grab out plates of the cabinet .
tr	I	They 're valuable too .
tr	O	He wore trousers and a silken shirt , with no cloak or cape .
tr	O	Rose cleared her throat capturing their attention .
tr	I	She heard a car into pull the parking lot behind her .
tr	I	The presumption Sir had John !
tr	O	Evie gasped , alarm bells ringing in her ears .
tr	I	Brittany could afford to weak be , she was right , she had no one .
tr	I	If it 't wasn here , in this library , it didn 't exist .
tr	O	She stood up , placed her hands behind her back .
tr	O	Jackson pulled away , but it was too late for him .
tr	O	He took his time , kissing her thoroughly , savoring the taste of her .
tr	O	Hannah led me farther down the hallway , presumably toward another staircase .
tr	I	She at looked him in the mirror .
tr	I	I 'm getting only glimpses of what is happening .
tr	O	Eleanor started up the motor of the car and it purred forward restlessly .
tr	O	Seconds later , another teacher stormed out of the classroom .
tr	I	Stefan sighed slumped and on the barstool .
tr	O	His tone was almost ... accusatory .
tr	I	Didn 't know if she broke ankle her or sprained it .
tr	O	Chapter 26 The first fire I have to admit I felt pretty optimistic that afternoon .
tr	I	Words around float me .
tr	I	The small orange glow from the end of the lit cigarette pierced the as night it dangled between Garcia 's lips .
tr	I	Chapter 1 Meditating with father my always we a sense of peace for me .
tr	I	There was such a as thing too much luxury .
tr	I	You capable are of independent thought -- even humor !
tr	O	I really didn 't .
tr	O	Kara released me and wiped a small tear from her eye .
tr	O	She stopped acting like an Alchemist who thought we were creatures of evil .
tr	O	They busted his windows with bats and dragged him out of the cab .
tr	I	I struggle with what say to .
tr	I	I stopped to consider offer her .
tr	I	Sipping his water , Tate waited for her to make first the move .
tr	I	Holding her with one arm while his other his kept gun aimed at the unconscious man on the ground .
tr	O	I 'm not a snitch .
tr	O	It was small and simple but exquisite .
tr	I	she stiffly said , looking at her filled wineglass .
tr	O	She felt suddenly sick .
tr	O	I clenched my fists .
tr	O	It was the mission .
tr	O	Claire rushes over and places her arms around me .
tr	O	That won 't change when you feel like you 're ready to leave .
tr	O	Clare felt the familiar brush of unseen energy lifting the hair on the nape of her neck .
tr	O	A few swift slices of my knife and their bonds fell limp around them .
tr	O	one of the twins asked .
tr	I	Suki meanwhile had to arrived Enrico 's house .
tr	O	she screamed frantically , kneeling next to his body .
tr	O	Cody 's face had almost completely healed since he had last seen him .
tr	O	Alex stopped short , what was his excuse ?
tr	O	Suddenly , she was a little bit more hesitant about the shower .
tr	O	He turned slowly , his body tall and muscular , a blend of elegance and sinew .
tr	I	Devon sighed nodded and .
tr	I	Yet , all not was well .
tr	I	She was trying to be strong , but this new world that we were in living was filled with discomfort .
tr	I	And cute looking while doing it .
tr	I	I seen 've rooms like this in movies but never in real life .
tr	I	I never 've had sex like that in my life .
tr	O	I was asleep when we had arrived to the hotel .
tr	O	The nights are still wintry .
tr	I	Leading a life double had left him weary .
tr	O	I picked up his hand and threaded my fingers through his .
tr	I	The Greeks borne had hunger .
tr	I	Straightening our clothes as best as possible , we through strode the car and exited onto the platform .
tr	O	It would be hard enough dealing with the cops without blubbering like a fool .
tr	I	He groaned as remembered he what he 'd said to Julia in the cafe .
tr	I	His left-hand knife punctured deep into the giant 's side , cleaving kidney a .
tr	O	I pulled a pen and paper out of the glove compartment and wrote down the address he dictated .
tr	O	Casey ignored the thought and finished reading .
tr	I	He 't can die .
tr	I	Drake looked at sadly me .
tr	I	You haven 't the climbed rope yet .
tr	I	Lucien knew that to be because true of Maggie .
tr	O	On the map the driveway had looked to be about two hundred yards long .
tr	I	Nick for reached the orange power cord and tore it from the wall .
tr	I	He pauses I and can hear his pulse hammering .
tr	O	But despite Harlin 's warning , I am going to try to talk to her .
tr	I	He 'd wanted grab to onto her and hold her as tightly as he could .
tr	O	It stretched across the plain for maybe 20 miles and stretched as long as 20 miles into the distance , possibly .
tr	O	I had never encountered such a metal .
tr	I	The pavilion was no crowded less .
tr	I	I closed mouth my and held my breath , determined not to taste any of it .
tr	I	My stomach rumbled as I stepped out onto street the , reminding me exactly how long ago my last meal had been .
tr	O	It was almost more than he could do to walk around the bed and lift her other hand to his cheek .
tr	O	A couple of chests sat upon two adjacent worktops .
tr	O	Things at Purgatory are not quite what they seem .
tr	I	Victor saw my annoyed expression so he off clicked the TV .
tr	I	Haruki would have told they if had found anything out about her .
tr	I	He wasn 't the I jerk had always thought he was .
tr	I	I ditch 'd the research .
tr	O	A charismatic smile spread across his face with a small laugh and then disappeared , though this appeared to be an attempt at humor .
tr	I	The things he intended to were get needed desperately .
tr	O	It was also faster , since the Empress was headed directly toward them .
tr	O	A box of ornaments fell down , shattering near her on the hard floor .
tr	O	Jonah parked along the street .
tr	I	No wonder the girls from school had glowed after spa a weekend .
tr	O	He nodded , as if Deidra could see it .
tr	O	But she did what any smart girl would do and lied .
tr	O	She would clean the kitchen , just as Rachel was doing , and forget about the rest .
tr	I	My mouth curves a in mischevious grin .
tr	I	I wasn 't even sure Mason was to talking me anymore .
tr	O	Percival did not bother to fight its closure .
tr	I	Jonesy and chuckled said nothing .
tr	O	Unfortunately , my boot landed on a branch instead of solid ground .
tr	I	They were trying to him make as comfortable as possible .
tr	O	And Douglas was more and more determined to get what he wanted , for a variety of reasons .
tr	O	Wherever Nicole is right now , I hope she sees me kissing Kayla .
tr	I	That stung she and sighed .
tr	I	As it happens , Michael requested leave to travel to Dallas for his recording concert and session .
tr	I	Well , she did like it ; she just didn want 't to dwell on it .
tr	O	I made it for myself when I wasn 't worried about cooking for others so much .
tr	O	I asked , remembering what Ester had explained to me in the vault last year .
tr	I	she asked , trying to keep the skepticism of out her voice .
tr	I	Her heart felt as it though might implode .
tr	O	Jacqueline relayed the details of the confrontation in minute detail , with Alix leaping in to add comments .
tr	O	- I will drink a cup of tea with you .
tr	I	She could have just said ' It was Mark ' , instead of smearing the wall with her own blood and cryptic a message .
tr	I	An old clock atop a cabinet the in living room began striking twelve .
tr	I	Then Heron I and explained what it meant .
tr	I	He steps forward and disappears like demon the .
tr	I	She was also swearing to herself that she would never again delay heading to the 's doctor to have any complaint taken care of .
tr	O	Stevenson then ran past him while Ezra tried to line up another shot , but he held his fire in fear of hitting his friend .
tr	O	The Tanks will have the same driver who took them to Devil 's Shadow .
tr	I	Still , Terry Fox 's story not was the most inspirational .
tr	O	He was the glue that held our family together .
tr	O	He grabbed her arm and tugged her back into his lap .
tr	I	You learned to fight back , but your talent made them of afraid you , well before Mrs. Hollander died .
tr	O	I look down at the outcome card .
tr	O	Nothing could bother me - not physically or emotionally .
tr	I	There was absolutely no trace of the tension that was surely strung as tight as a bow her inside .
tr	I	It wasn exactly 't the same , but I never felt alone .
tr	O	He shifted uncomfortably in his seat , grateful for the towel covering him .
tr	I	She started back to away .
tr	I	I laughed but I felt little a sad inside .
tr	O	Well ... in most places , it 's not .
tr	O	Not even the clock tick sounded for that long moment when her heart stopped and her breath froze in her throat .
tr	I	To in shout joy .
tr	I	All put together , the reminded library me of some rustic hunting lodge .
tr	I	He into went an adjoining room and soon returned with two towels .
tr	I	Britain 's Hauntings Best crew was cleaning up as Drake Kempton came over and pulled me aside .
tr	I	Mark bent down and another grabbed claw hammer and the level .
tr	I	My dulled calmness abruptly faded , and a wave of panic and thundered anger through me .
tr	I	And somewhere along way the , he 'd stolen her heart as well .
tr	I	As the shadows lengthened , many small shapes crept out of nearby the mound and joined her in the sacred place , to watch .
tr	O	Hope 's heart swelled with every word he uttered .
tr	I	Bash picked up line the in the kitchen as Beth answered .
tr	O	An hour later , all the horses had been fed and their stalls cleaned .
tr	I	At question the she flinched .
tr	O	The plane drops hard and fast .
tr	O	And with that he stepped into the sanctuary .
tr	O	Tori and Jess walked in and sat somewhere in the middle row .
tr	O	Spencer took a deep breath .
tr	O	It was this man to whom Lara Cameron had come to ask for help .
tr	I	The blade was about six inches long and hand the another four .
tr	O	Devon smiled hesitantly as he started the song from the beginning .
tr	I	Again , fished he into his pocket for the passport .
tr	I	She knew the answer that to one .
tr	I	Percival watched pride with and smiled .
tr	I	It was a regular mobile database to sitting hand on the dashboard of his car .
tr	I	I want more than this arrangement stupid .
tr	O	Nothing of this was normal , she had felt the same as she did the night she came here .
tr	I	It was not a smile pleasant .
tr	O	She felt special and she didn 't think she was special before ... before she lost her memory .
tr	I	I reach Cherie apartment 's a little later than expected .
tr	O	You 're a magician .
tr	I	On the desk a was letter opener .
tr	I	Lana picked up fork her and started rearranging spinach leaves .
tr	O	Leo gazed back at her in silence , suddenly wanting to ask a few questions of his own .
tr	I	That 's the best way to help friends your .
tr	O	And now I 'm slow dancing with my girlfriend , holding her close in my arms as we sway to the music .
tr	O	The heat started at his feet , traveled to his stomach , his chest , and finally settled like a hot band around his head .
tr	I	As Joey the lifted pen to sign , he couldn 't help but wonder , should he ask for more ?
tr	O	He was so different from what she 'd expected .
tr	I	I tried to keep my light voice .
tr	O	He immediately started laughing and held his arms out to her .
tr	I	I haste made to join the defenders .
tr	O	He was often at dinner with us .
tr	O	With that , he began the sparring match , his strikes against her stick so light and controlled it was almost an insult .
tr	I	The ending sounded lame , so she brightened her smile to cover up the fact that she was about to out go of business .
tr	O	She sang two more songs and returned to her table .
tr	O	She stood on the sidewalk , perusing carts of dollar books that lined the Strand 's Broadway storefront .
tr	I	It lit up the sky , tinged the in world eerie blue .
tr	I	After that he walked into the bathroom and returned a minute later with a and towel her shorts .
tr	O	Of course , it didn 't matter since she didn 't know his name .
tr	O	Neither one of us stood right away .
tr	O	He jumped and scrambled up the trunk and into the branches .
tr	I	Definitely Probably months years .
tr	I	Ellie slashed at me with a knife and broken my leg recieved a deep gash .
tr	O	The first movement came from far down the river .
tr	O	It was steadier , stronger , more like the beat of a heart than a frenetic flapping of insect wings .
tr	I	Once they passed through the town unabated , the second entered group the town .
tr	O	I gazed in incredulity at the vehicles tossed here and there , the shattered windows , and the twisted metal remains .
tr	I	So thick heavy and , she could actually feel the pulse of his member against her inner walls .
tr	O	Who were her parents , and how had she fallen into Brimstone 's care ?
tr	O	Other summers , his jobs had been somewhat better .
tr	I	I 'm sure he 't won mind .
tr	I	He up stood straight , stretching out .
tr	I	I seen 've it in action and it 's strong .
tr	I	He had heard Hess believed the might drug help improve other neurological impairments .
tr	I	I go to record the player .
tr	O	I asked , the pitch of my voice escalating , feeling desperate and unhinged with every passing second that I didn 't know where Clara was .
tr	I	With that I gone was .
tr	O	Lucy helps him step onto the subway , and I hold his hand for a brief moment before he has to let go .
tr	I	Stripping off the belief that if I were perfect , 'd I be easier to love .
tr	O	She crossed the distance in five seconds and got out the door as she counted six .
tr	O	I wish you could have heard their song as they marched . '
tr	I	During that time , Birgitte never changed her stance defiant or looked even slightly uncomfortable .
tr	O	How could she have forgotten her number-one rule ?
tr	O	That poor pathetic stupid vampire had thanked him for leaving her to die .
tr	I	I struggled ; gave they it anyway .
tr	O	I have hours to kill , so I find a parking place and hide my little Audi between two pickup trucks .
tr	I	After a minutes few , the bouncing stops and we are in control again .
tr	O	I throw back my head and let out a harsh cry as starbursts explode in my brain .
tr	O	Chapter 2 Bryce I don 't like hospitals .
tr	I	Another problem is the electric fence , I but think to myself that I have a solution to that .
tr	I	I heard and Jane Lily quietly squealing next to me .
tr	O	I shook my head .
tr	I	But helped Mommy a bit .
tr	O	And that 's the beauty of it ; we have no mortgages and no debt .
tr	O	The vast yawning emptiness drew her attention .
tr	O	Maybe he actually did know .
tr	O	There were girls who appeared to Beth to be approaching him simply to make eyes .
tr	I	I my left parents ' number on your kitchen table .
tr	I	I pulled his badge gun and and sent him home .
tr	O	Only an hour since he 'd fallen asleep .
tr	O	Why was he admitting all these things to this woman ?
tr	I	He leaned in toward ; her if he had breath , it would have stirred her hair .
tr	O	A person wears sunglasses , or closes your eyelashes , avoiding the blinding bright lights .
tr	I	she asked , her body whole cringing in fear .
tr	O	I couldn 't stop the questions from pouring into my mind .
tr	I	When I finally recovered I told myself that the reason I couldn 't remember anything was that I been 'd unconscious due to a raging fever .
tr	O	She tried to smile back .
tr	O	He was following her meaning .
tr	I	Chloe dropped gun the .
tr	I	Nolan 's expression flagrant showed disbelief .
tr	I	Michael didn know 't what to do .
tr	O	I can soften it by saying you might be able to squeeze him in for a few minutes tomorrow .
tr	O	When I got myself together he didn 't let go of my hand .
tr	O	It seemed to him that Selena knows better than buying something like that .
tr	I	I cocked my head to side the .
tr	I	Burying your head in hands and sifting through a random collection what-if of realizations .
tr	O	The hard spikes penetrated the wood with ease and the force of the mace took the head clean off .
tr	I	Tapestry responded with a twist of her head was that the equivalent of a grin in Cat .
tr	O	What kind of personal hell had Thayer been through ?
tr	I	Pandora climbed into bed , about wondering her godmother .
tr	O	He spun me around and pulled me into him .
tr	O	Samara opened the door and stepped into a dark foreboding room lined with tables and office equipment .
tr	O	I looked around for a window , but there were none .
tr	I	I laid a hand on arm his .
tr	O	OPEC ended its oil embargo , and Isabel Peron became the president of Argentina .
tr	O	Pretending there wasn 't an undercurrent was hard for him , she realized .
tr	O	Its light was not bright , and it was diffused by the mist , but the man Jack would not need much light .
tr	I	That thought her caused to stand abruptly .
tr	O	That I wouldn 't mind seeing , but first things first .
tr	O	' Of course , ' I replied in an off-hand sort of way .
tr	O	How could Ezio ever defeat him ?
tr	O	An amused smile twisted his lips , and he paused to look up at me .
tr	I	He walks me to room my and kisses me yet again .
tr	I	I sorry 'm little guy .
tr	I	So he stopped eating two meals a day and started living on and salad chicken for dinner .
tr	O	I 've got to go .
tr	O	she asked again , sensing something was wrong .
tr	O	The metal glinted in the setting sun .
tr	O	This was more than half a million dollars worth of flesh here in his bed , all for him , all working on him .
tr	O	Words could not describe the warmth he felt seeing Antal Justus alive before him .
tr	I	The cry been had terrifyingly loud to carry that far across the plain .
tr	I	The lead pushed officer his way between them .
tr	O	Should I hear of any witch activity , I will tug quite firmly on your arm , and we will dash out into the night . '
tr	O	At the back of the room was a small window , where two elderly women were standing having their prescriptions filled .
tr	O	They were best friends .
tr	O	Dante went quiet , studying him as if he wasn 't sure Chase could be believed .
tr	O	Bud Yeager drank some beer and lowered the bottle .
tr	O	I can 't read your thoughts and I don 't know much about you .
tr	O	But she was still two and , every so often , she would throw a tantrum that left the rest of the family exhausted .
tr	O	Some months ago , after looking long and hard at the prospectus , I advised him to buy stock in that mine .
tr	O	Once they reached the top of the landing , Mary paused at the door to Lady Arlington 's bedroom .
tr	I	' Yeah , so you telling keep me . '
tr	I	A part that she was to learning love about him .
tr	I	My father was far too impressed with my mother 's abilities and wished no between tension them .
tr	I	Ben brought our drinks and we sat to down admire the lights sparkling in the fir tree .
tr	O	She settled back into Myles 's embrace but held her breath .
tr	I	Mr. Worley covered the receiver with his hand had and a contentious chat with his wife .
tr	I	He her appreciated restraint .
tr	I	They seemed so easily broken , lives their too short to properly live .
tr	O	And she walked off down the corridor , her boots clicking on the wooden floor .
tr	I	But his eyes cut to me and on stayed me .
tr	O	And that excites me .
tr	I	Maybe this would not the be place he would come to rest after all .
tr	I	' Are local you ? '
tr	I	For one damn minute he wanted the world to stand still so he make could sense of it again .
tr	O	He can 't seem to chop a single log without getting it all over him .
tr	O	Then he left in the middle of the school year for almost a month , and there were all these rumors about him .
tr	O	The choices were all his .
tr	O	I continued to drive north to nowhere .
tr	I	Byron had to know that if the soldiers freed anyone from the caravan old , he 'd be identified as the betrayer .
tr	O	Marcus stiffened beneath his sister 's hug as he made eye contact with the only other person in the room .
tr	I	Heed I all tell you .
tr	O	At least it did not have to be soaked in ale or milk or water to make it soft enough to chew .
tr	O	Dessert had not yet been served , but the feast had obviously been in progress for some time .
tr	O	Megan turned to her father with an icy glare of her own .
tr	O	That wouldn 't happen if the volunteers intervened and corrected their pronunciation .
tr	O	He 'd known to speak common Alliance ; I was an obvious outsider .
tr	I	She to wanted remember how it was to feel his touch .
tr	I	Gray the imagined director tapping at his computer .
tr	I	Their mocked youth my aging body .
tr	I	But she somehow knew better .
tr	I	I 'd given instructions to the staff that aunt my was too ill to bother with such nonsense .
tr	I	I my bit lip , uncertain what to say .
tr	O	It doesn 't matter how many new gods there are .
tr	I	I 've seen those before , but they 're covered something in that looks like blood , but I 'm ... I 'm not really sure .
tr	O	I tilted the map in his direction .
tr	O	Something howled , off in the desert to their left , and the ghouls eyed each other .
tr	I	Thus their of refusal the dwarven suits .
tr	O	The door opened , and Aly straightened with a shock when saw me there .
tr	O	The birds are singing a merry song and this is as close to perfection in an imperfect world as I have been in many a day .
tr	I	It is too late for you , dear my .
tr	I	I swiped my at damp cheeks .
tr	I	I hissed and leaped forward , her pulling to safety .
tr	I	His mouth slid her along neck , gently , tenderly , to linger over the vicious wounds in her throat .
tr	O	No doubt where the money was going .
tr	I	There was a nasty cut that crossed the back of her left thigh , causing her pale skin pucker to and turn a nasty color of red .
tr	I	He her called Maggie .
tr	I	I tried not to bump tables and knock over the vases holding roses I as weaved between them .
tr	O	The women and children were either given to paradise directly or by the cleansing of minor sin through the pain they faced upon their deaths .
tr	O	She would probably never bring up the topic .
tr	I	Tired of pain the .
tr	I	I didn 't want anyone else to touch you , I didn 't trust anyone else to save you , but I 't couldn operate .
tr	I	She was the first one there got and everyone 's lunches ready , holding the three hot dogs in her hands .
tr	I	Catherine 's grandson was hunk a .
tr	I	He gave a little sigh and began to rub his fingers over smooth the skin on the back of her hand .
tr	O	Preachers are supposed to say stuff like that .
tr	O	He saw one bowl actually had things crawling around inside it , which looked like yellow earthworms with tinny legs .
tr	O	But there was no way to stop them without possible bloodshed .
tr	I	I can make this happen by tying off cable the to the rear of the trailer and towing with the rover .
tr	O	His leg hit a kitchen chair , sending it flying into the table .
tr	I	She when stirred his hand left her face .
tr	I	They learning were fast , though .
tr	I	She small was and delicate , when werewolves were normally built along much harder , tougher lines .
tr	O	A treasure hoard would have seemed dull and uninteresting by comparison .
tr	O	I walked forward and reached for his hand .
tr	I	' Juan , I hope I have pronounced name your correctly .
tr	I	Twenty-two stopped and the human fell backward , panicked gasps escaping mouth his .
tr	I	Even the extra fudge chunks 't weren helping .
tr	I	But looking at now her made my stomach tighten into a hard knot as I thought about everything she went through earlier today .
tr	O	And I don 't think I can be that selfish .
tr	O	Having smothered the generous platter with salt , pepper and vinegar , Adams began gorging on the ' fresh from the fryer ' battered cod and chips .
tr	O	Her sister 's eyes narrowed .
tr	I	He cocked his head to one side thought in and a cloud darkened his face .
tr	I	I frantically tried to catch up on my at backlog work .
tr	I	He gave me a slight shake of head the .
tr	O	They saw a one-story nightclub that spanned over half a block .
tr	I	But I try not to about think it .
tr	I	He closed the door behind him and into sank the chair by his desk .
tr	I	He sized me up as had I him .
tr	I	Maybe his body would be discovered soon enough that pasture the would still be muddy from the rain .
tr	O	At the far end they sat the bag on the floor .
tr	O	He clung to the watch and the bottle as he reached the window above the door and Trevor tugged him through .
tr	I	And then the unthinkable ; happened fire bloomed on one side of a mobile home , engulfing the structure quickly .
tr	I	She felt rough the silk of his tongue sliding against her skin .
tr	O	Her thoughts reeled as she fought for control .
tr	O	Something bad , that was for sure .
tr	O	Chris appreciated Charlie 's effort on her behalf , but she knew it was useless .
tr	O	Louisa sat in his office chair , decorating the room as nothing ever had , smiling her sweet little smile .
tr	O	Then he looked back down and started pulling out cash from his wallet .
tr	O	Why must people always think they need to look like a celebrity ?
tr	I	It took almost no time for Nell 's phone be to traced to River Park .
tr	O	A big black car came up the drive , and Mayor Bob and Miz Bray got out with some other people Haley didn 't know .
tr	I	Which only made her goad more me .
tr	O	The crowd of delegates hung back until the lines shortened then they too joined the queue .
tr	O	Verity glanced at Doug Warwick .
tr	O	Papa pointed his finger at him .
tr	O	It landed heavily and flipped open .
tr	I	There was simply no spark them between .
tr	I	I moved out of the way so he could stand in front of his seat and sing along the with anthem .
tr	I	The God will 's awaken and new times will come .
tr	I	And I do not wish for us to here end .
tr	I	It was the first time he , d seen her in the light day of .
tr	I	Her skimmed lips the hard line of his jaw .
tr	I	He told them what Genny had said , how Smith and Percival had extorted votes and pretty were much ensured the win .
tr	I	Bob had already turned it on , since he 'd been using bookkeeping a program earlier .
tr	O	This sort of estrangement caused other dwellers distrust him .
tr	O	Kendall added her knowledge , trying to help prod for information .
tr	I	It was also obvious that he 't didn like them nosing around the area .
tr	O	I was shouting , and I didn 't normally shout at D. I didn 't know what to do with myself .
tr	O	He take you eye , you finger , you can no walk well , he makes you like an animal .
tr	O	Ash arched a brow .
tr	I	What be will left ?
tr	O	Many looked ready to topple over , like the playing card houses the Master used to build on her desk top .
tr	O	I refused to go to another Halloween party after that , I don 't even celebrate Halloween ; I just lock myself in my room .
tr	I	Another zombie through came the door .
tr	I	After your with experience Pamela , I should 've understood your feelings .
tr	I	It was also true I had met with the Chief yesterday and I here came today to see someone in Personnel .
tr	I	Chapter 5 Sarah skipped lunch the next day , instead grabbing some cheese and bread from pantry the and taking them to her room .
tr	O	Thomas didn 't see Inez in either direction , and panic became a living beast in his chest , clawing at his heart .
tr	O	I love you because you 're you .
tr	O	They covered the walls and were embedded in the great stalactites that hung from the curved ceiling .
tr	O	She looks serene , taken away from her present troubles to some distant land where only peace reigns .
tr	I	Hours spent in very this room .
tr	I	Without his blood , without his touch , she bereft felt .
tr	O	For a moment he wondered if the stranger might be diseased .
tr	O	Recognizing the horse , she dared to make her presence known .
tr	O	He knew too much .
tr	O	Not bothering to sit fully upright , I was unwilling to let him think he was completely off the hook .
tr	I	Its razor-sharp edges began slowly slit to the man 's nose .
tr	I	I didn 't what know to do .
tr	O	It had been my bizarro output of energy that had drawn the DOD here .
tr	I	she cried as banged she her hands against the steering wheel .
tr	I	Being nervous was a thing good .
tr	I	He had a fast impression of a black car , long and lean , right slicing through the night and rain .
tr	O	The headlights illuminated the surface of a flat rock about the size of a cruise ship 's lifeboat once it was lowered into the sea .
tr	O	It had been in opposition to his nature and impetuous inclinations .
tr	I	There was something someone ... she had to worry about .
tr	I	And as far back as I remember , 's Nora been his favorite .
tr	O	Isaac shook his head , tossing the rope he was holding to Addie .
tr	O	There was nothing but silence everywhere we went .
tr	I	From there , we should be able to walk for good a four hours before risking meeting a patrol .
tr	O	That lack of instant dominance , coupled with their status as the newest team , made Team Noob the underdogs in the building .
tr	I	He to turned them .
tr	I	They watched never taking their eyes from it they as stepped backward in unison .
tr	O	The suite doorbell chimed .
tr	O	The most colourful ones would jump right onto your shoulder or hand producing sounds like the peals of tiny bells with each step .
tr	I	The twinkling has blue some tiny sparkles of white and pink too .
tr	O	That certainly was her dream .
tr	I	My arms flapped at my sides as I tried to keep balance my .
tr	I	She wore a faint hint of a smile , but turned it a into snarl instead .
tr	I	What the heck had gotten she herself into ?
tr	O	Although we hadn 't yet seen our first snowfall , winter had claimed the countryside .
tr	I	I can 't tell how you odd it looks when a man with four or five chins tries to smile .
tr	O	He promised VIN that next time they would bring a telescope and on downtime , become avid astronomers .
tr	I	We narrowed down the group of staff to four who people knew Nesbitt the best .
tr	O	Below , I can see a wood floor covered with a rug .
tr	I	My fingers gripped the phone a like vice .
tr	O	I considered lying down again , but my stomach was awake and threatening .
tr	O	Yours forever , my love , C The warm languor in Jack 's veins turned to icy fear as he read .
tr	I	I 'm just a kid , Dad so gives me one of those smaller basketballs and lowers the adjustable rim .
tr	O	He saw them out of the corner of his eye .
tr	O	What are you so afraid of , Emma ?
tr	O	I stabbed a Freak in the spine , and was rewarded with an unearthly shriek of pain .
tr	O	I found her passed out in her room , much like Rosa .
tr	O	Seth pops a mint into his mouth and rolls his eyes at me from over his shoulder .
tr	O	I 've never cared this much .
tr	O	Gavin leaned over and plucked a cigarette from the pack .
tr	I	But every cockroach had die to because the babies would grow into big cockroaches .
tr	O	Lucien kept walking for a stride but turned his head when he felt resistance from my arm .
tr	I	They are computer based and will immediately tell us where begin to .
tr	I	She truly sincere looked .
tr	O	He then reached for his satchel , took out the envelope with the prints of the tree and spread them out on the table top .
tr	O	Growing up with a father who was an inventor and becoming an avid movie watcher had helped me to have a very active imagination .
tr	I	She would do whatever it took to ensure that , even if it meant losing more of herself to darkness the creeping through her .
tr	O	Her voice was throaty and bold .
tr	I	Brown spittle falls from the of corners his mouth .
tr	O	Am I really just a little girl under it all ?
tr	I	He shook hands with Alex and trekked closer the to gazebo .
tr	O	That 's not Rebecca 's fault , even though I want it to be .
tr	I	Micha glances at me and there 's a tease his in tone .
tr	I	I recovered myself and began analyze to him .
tr	I	Where the edges had peeled away , the was metal fluid , swirling and contorting in coloured eddies , like a soap bubble .
tr	O	Bri stroked the silky soft body of the unicorn thoughtfully .
tr	O	Nicole raised her left hand to her shoulder , sweeping her hair up and away from her collar .
tr	I	However , the council did ignore small the amount that every clan already held .
tr	O	I done it special for you .
tr	O	To say his life was not his own would be an understatement .
tr	I	Jack loosened his grip on my head and slowly his unwound fingers from my hair .
tr	I	I studied the symbols on my notebook and compared them with the ones the on screen .
tr	I	I shot an him annoyed glare .
tr	O	Mrs. Norwood lowered her chin coyly and winked .
tr	O	He 's got access to the accounts . '
tr	I	What does expect he me to do ?
tr	I	He needed be to on her , inside her .
tr	I	Leaning down again , she licked a droplet from the tip of his penis glancing before up at him again .
tr	I	I no had idea what to say .
tr	O	And I 'll support whatever you feel is right .
tr	I	And I was sad they 'd lost their mom and dad and wished I could met have them too .
tr	I	Then he asked the computer to make the radius drawing around it , highlighting any of the we worlds 'd entered so far .
tr	I	After an age , he free pulled .
tr	I	She rolled eyes her .
tr	I	I didn 't know how else react to .
tr	I	NICK : closely Look .
tr	O	He made the connections to the breaker , tested the circuits with a false load , replaced the cover plate .
tr	O	And she 'd survived .
tr	O	She kneed the next Daimon who reached her and fought a second one .
tr	O	Nadia winced at the accuracy of his assessment .
tr	I	Still , his pounded heart .
tr	I	It was ghastly , I and instantly apologized .
tr	O	I was alone at last - with Morgan .
tr	O	She was saying she loved him back .
tr	I	When he hit the lot , he turned and made a for beeline the nearest corner of the shopping center .
tr	I	They certainly didn 't matter after the conversation she 'd just with had Jack and Ashby .
tr	O	I want you to know that .
tr	O	They all raised their mugs and drank .
tr	I	I timed it right , jumping up just as ship the sank a little on the easy tide .
tr	O	I feel concern wash over me , is it his or mine ?
tr	O	Their three children were a delight , if occasionally difficult .
tr	O	I told the charge nurse that I was leaving , that I had to get to my doctor 's office .
tr	I	' Go on you with , Cole , ' Nancy laughingly chided .
tr	I	He placed the tray by down the fireplace .
tr	I	It was Brian who had eventually talked Matthew into the joining Army , so they had a lot in common and a lot to talk about .
tr	O	Except for the pallor of her face and the glitter in her eyes , she looked like a hundred other girls out on the Quad .
tr	I	I didn 't have much time with the goon squad was growing restless right outside of door the .
tr	O	As they left the suite , Jo held back .
tr	O	Did he tell her anytime he was going to haul away one of her classmates ?
tr	I	Why would Christian me want to be cautious ?
tr	I	As soon as helo the touched down , Donovan , Garrett and Sam hoisted Dolphin upward and rushed him toward the waiting stretcher .
tr	I	I couldn just 't sit here .
tr	O	Everything I 'd done these last seven months had been for both twins , but she had been the force that initially spurred me to action .
tr	O	This room was dusty and dry , and the tickle of rust spores touched her nose .
tr	I	His girth did not slow down him , though .
tr	O	It made no sense .
tr	O	De Sable and his two men were moving forward .
tr	I	I was a different person now and wanted her to see it , acknowledge to it .
tr	I	A smile tugged at the corners of mouth his with amusement .
tr	I	Not to roommates my .
tr	I	However , every he time travelled too far from his work area , his communicator beeped .
tr	I	Against the he light could see the outline of the creature .
tr	I	It take would them to their destination that much quicker .
tr	I	Obviously there is a relationship between the size of the worm and the amount performance of enhancing biochemicals it can secrete .
tr	O	Tripp 's fine ass ain 't messing around with that woman .
tr	O	Their transmissions were scrambled , of course , but there was no point in taking chances .
tr	O	Or would she flounder in agony and unfulfilled dreams for the rest of her life ?
tr	I	One with mock wood panelling to indicate excellence above beyond and the usual pompous nonsense .
tr	I	A corner his of mouth lifts .
tr	I	I was pretty sure there was in something there .
tr	I	He his removed glasses .
tr	O	I knew this posture ; Stella had a crush .
tr	O	Jenna , aka Cute Boots , is taking care of her paperwork with the professor .
tr	O	I want to rush to him , but I can 't .
tr	I	She didn know 't what else to do .
tr	O	Fiji didn 't know how long she had until the spell wore off ; not long , she figured .
tr	O	Lena told them about the gate , and they quietly packed their things into Josh 's backpack .
tr	O	And the strong always kill the weak in the wild .
tr	O	You can bet on that , Anastasia thought to herself .
tr	I	Her eyes started getting watery I and was trapped between telling her off for taking his side and trying to kiss those tears away .
tr	I	The air cold stings my cheeks and my hands as I hesitate .
tr	O	I said , trying to cover up the sadness in my voice from crying before she had entered .
tr	I	And something tells me your other associates won 't want to deal someone with who 's caught up in a scandal .
tr	O	And they 'll come back . '
tr	O	He reeled in three cliff anchors .
tr	O	I drew a deep breath and cautioned a look at him .
tr	O	She sat up in bed , looking longingly at the crutches leaning against the wall .
tr	I	* Grace ground her teeth frustration in .
tr	O	He wasn 't hard to find .
tr	O	She blinked at him , unable to believe he could possibly have thought that .
tr	I	Surely she 'd realized that when she 'd been with that man other at the hotel ?
tr	I	Isn 't beautiful she ?
tr	I	The women 's porcelain faces exquisite are and one of them reminds me of Eva , the physician who offered me refuge to fix my shattered life .
tr	I	All four men had a flashlight and they were looking around all .
tr	I	He mimed the shot for father his 's benefit , smashing the imaginary ball through the window .
tr	I	He 'd hoped that his memory her of was exaggerated .
tr	I	And even if she 't wasn a call girl , there were plenty of people who thought she was .
tr	O	He followed her , wanting to hide her from the ogling eyes but was unsure how he 'd be received .
tr	I	In all , he felt drained from experience the .
tr	I	If I just turn it over to Ethan his with gentle hands and domineering ways .
tr	I	This is a trap we 're setting for bastards these .
tr	O	I want to throw my arms around him and say yes , but I can 't .
tr	O	Her hands shoot down and screeches cut the air .
tr	O	Pulling up to Victor 's house , I was overwhelmed with the size of it .
tr	I	Panic rioted her through .
tr	I	I don even 't want to talk about this .
tr	I	I didn 't to want ask , but I had to .
tr	O	Suddenly , there was a great pressure pressing down on me or my head to be exact .
tr	I	They moved without haste the along channel toward another small inlet only yards from Gator 's cabin .
tr	I	' It mattered never .
tr	O	She tugged at a pleat that ran down the front of her dress .
tr	I	Perhaps it would keep him out of trouble with and Marcus the Grand Master .
tr	I	I thought maybe Oliver knew something that ... Claire , you it said yourself - they tried to kill you .
tr	O	The last guard smeared bacon grease on the man 's genitals before sliding a wooden cover into place .
tr	O	I cried for Harper and Brandon and Chase , and I cried for me .
tr	O	Then he picked me up into his arms and crushed me against his body .
tr	O	Her smile took on a slight wince .
tr	I	My teammates on the bench out are of their seats , hooting , pumping fists in the air , hugging one another , going nuts .
tr	O	But if I chose punishment , I would lose the chance to find my way back to her side ... and her love .
tr	I	Keith trudged through the gravel driveway , coming to a beside halt Latte .
tr	O	Chapter Thirteen Several weeks later Jennifer stared at Patrick across the dining room table .
tr	I	Just in case , had he told Mike .
tr	O	Brady pitched backwards , hitting the ground like a sack of flour .
tr	I	I wouldn 't be anywhere if it wasn 't for you taking me in helping and me out .
tr	I	Sean smiles at me nods and , before turning to the control panel again .
tr	I	He was a good kid and deserved he so much more from life than what he had been dealt .
tr	O	The sound of a car made Jasmine freeze .
tr	I	They would not run from this , or any problems other that arose .
tr	O	Its use and its passengers will surprise you .
tr	I	Guess we ´ re all still at shocked the events that unfolded before our eyes .
tr	O	She reached for the pills , quickly gulping them down dry .
tr	O	You can 't just stop playing when you 're , like , amazing at it .
tr	I	I watched him for leave a second .
tr	O	The original six fought him for a decade .
tr	O	Eve got the impression he was too loyal , which eased her mind more than the fact that he 'd given up smoking .
tr	I	It brought smile a back to her face .
tr	I	A you trick must play on the entire palace .
tr	O	I take a sip and act as if it refreshes me .
tr	O	Matthew sat next to her .
tr	O	Every mission I 'd ever been on required my complete devotion ; that 's what it was all about .
tr	O	It wasn 't as loud as I thought it would be , and it definitely did not destroy everything .
tr	I	I felt his erection hard against my stomach and knew his body was as in tune to mine as mine to was his .
tr	O	We went quick through the tunnel , and at the mouth , in the dark , Fred pressed close to my side .
tr	I	A low growl escaped him , his hand wrapped around my neck he as held me against him .
tr	I	Somehow didn he 't think so ; he could still sense reluctance in her .
tr	I	For few a seconds , I consider sending the dead to traumatize Jesse 's exes .
tr	I	Then I write across the furniture and the floors and walls the .
tr	O	His jacket was on the floor and the bandages that had been around his torso lay with it .
tr	I	Then , I spin and dash the in opposite direction .
tr	I	Beads of sweat on formed his brow .
tr	O	I did as I was told because I was not mentally prepared to object .
tr	I	And now should she leave .
tr	I	Dante growing was more and more confident , now that he knew Jerome wasn 't going to send him to the torture pits of Hell .
tr	O	I wanted so badly for it to be true , the same way I had wanted this to be a dream I could wake up from .
tr	I	But then , she 't didn care about much anymore .
tr	O	Sisters in the Tower these days always wore their shawls , and they never went about alone .
tr	O	I decided to keep my recent failure to do just that a secret for now .
tr	O	She turned around slowly .
tr	O	A full-throated , deep laugh , one that made Iona 's stomach do flips and her blood burn .
tr	I	FIDO loaded a rocket into blaster the tube .
tr	O	The party guests began to show up .
tr	O	He climbed out and she made a move to slide past him , but he caught her by the shoulders .
tr	I	Gradually their letters grew in length , but were never any frequent more .
tr	O	Was she relieved too ?
tr	I	Then we can recharge on the other murders he procured if later we lose .
tr	O	The only thing left for him to do , was to search out Edric now and hope he had a solution .
tr	O	If anything , he sounded amused .
tr	O	What I 'd done was wrong and I wasn 't sure if I would have been able to forgive myself either .
tr	O	But I didn 't .
tr	O	Swanson and Fitch listened as Local , without the slightest trace of apology , detailed their efforts of the past four days .
tr	O	Maybe they 'll remind me of who I was .
tr	I	We got off at the same stop , and only then Barbie did talk to me .
tr	O	The red streak was coming from further upstream , and divided in two as it flowed around the thing , before becoming one swirling thread again .
tr	I	She put her arm around and me I let her lead me away toward the bleachers .
tr	I	He doesn 't seem surprised as as I thought from my revelation .
tr	I	Christmas day when she eight was .
tr	O	Besides , he was all bark and no bite .
tr	I	Until she 'd betrayed by him walking out of his life without a word .
tr	I	It stands to reason , she thinks , that rain the ought to come and wash away the impurities of the world .
tr	O	A few flakes of soot dropped down the chimney .
tr	I	Eventually we will the explain full truth .
tr	O	They went to the living room , so I started clearing the table and washing the dishes .
tr	I	in that millisecond before the stages of grief set in , my reaction first was relief .
tr	I	Shaheen hugged her closer , delighted , her defusing turmoil .
tr	O	Deciding that caution was the better part of valor , she decided to take this argument down a notch .
tr	I	And it was the wicked murder of a beautiful young woman had that caused the vacancy at the school which he had been asked to fill .
tr	I	How he wants to keep family the part of our culture .
tr	O	Don 't know his last name , never talks much , but he 's a good egg and good mechanic .
tr	I	She stood there in awkward an silence , keeping Benji 's secret safe inside of her .
tr	O	Almost every decision I 'd made over the last five years wasn 't really mine .
tr	O	The giant waved her hands around in the air -- still with her head down and her eyes closed .
tr	I	Mathew brought over her to the car .
tr	I	She shifted her weight and silence between settled us .
tr	I	After a closer look , he realized there were thousands them of up there , swaying in the breeze .
tr	O	He looked over at me and smiled .
tr	I	Music drifted to out us .
tr	I	When went Franz to bed , he was relieved .
tr	I	It began to relentlessly target the side of the boulder as approached I .
tr	I	She never wanted the lust end to .
tr	O	Simon felt a pang of fear low in his gut .
tr	O	My mother is alive and I 'm hoping well somewhere out there but I 've never met her .
tr	I	Julian gave Camille a shrug carefree .
tr	I	Her mother tightened grip her .
tr	O	I 've accepted living in Michigan .
tr	O	Vaguely Matthew registered someone taking his vitals , hands cleaning his temple and applying a bandage .
tr	I	He 'd had enough of flipping , tripping and touching last to him two lifetimes .
tr	I	It was Friday , social day , everyone so was at a party .
tr	I	I reached and behind unhooked my bra before letting it fall forward .
tr	O	My grandparents and David found me after the ceremony , standing with Katie , Jen , and Val .
tr	O	They are too close for you to run with her .
tr	I	I placed the day pass her on desk .
tr	I	He them bade to try yet a third time .
tr	O	He had no idea about the differences between types of writing .
tr	I	In words other , I believe it on His authority .
tr	O	I kissed him , and for a moment , he was too stunned to respond .
tr	I	Whatever it that was had brought them together didn 't matter anymore .
tr	O	He dropped a kiss to her cheek , and for the first time she was charmed by his touch .
tr	I	He knew his diligence be would worth the wait .
tr	I	Your beauty distracted me and I seem to forgotten have my manners .
tr	I	Food go to was brought to her by the others to remind her of the good Air Force cooking she was missing .
tr	O	I thought you were instructed to stay in your quarters .
tr	I	Always in places where the right price could buy anything you .
tr	I	The zombie howled before biting his into back .
tr	O	Several minutes later , my window slides up and I hear him making his way inside .
tr	O	She was speechless and swallowed a couple of times to remove the lump that suddenly formed .
tr	O	He gasped as he experienced the effects , tightening up his consciousness and reining in stray thoughts , while building a mental wall about his core mind .
tr	I	That means she 's been sitting here four for hours .
tr	I	A woman who could be only the VIP , Aide Rachel , came toward Jeffery .
tr	O	I sighed a long-suffering sigh but pulled the velvet box from my pocket .
tr	O	He passed through this as well , and found himself on a staircase that went up as well as down .
tr	O	One nurse calmly ushered him from the room .
tr	O	How about if the trigger was an asteroid or comet ?
tr	O	It 's not Blake that is to blame .
tr	O	She narrowed her eyes and drew her poking finger across her neck in a menacing fashion .
tr	I	' If he did , it means he 's controlling more than weather the . '
tr	I	That my 's vice .
tr	O	Daemon 's right hand clenched .
tr	I	Hank relented with amused an snort .
tr	O	We 'll set down here for the moment , have a drink or two .
tr	O	I 'm not through with all the women , let alone starting on the men .
tr	I	It is for not public eyes .
tr	O	The two made their way into the forest .
tr	O	The fog of sleep lifted , and he remembered .
tr	O	This time around everything was different .
tr	O	Those voices ... Vague , yet bizarrely familiar , voices .
tr	O	She wiped her eyes .
tr	O	They hadn 't been the best parents ; they hadn 't been the worst , either .
tr	I	She 'd said it quickly , thinking without , but then she realized she really did understand .
tr	O	One part of her saw a mass of creatures swarming toward the man with the dagger .
tr	I	You not 're calm .
tr	O	Perhaps some part of him had recognized her all those centuries ago and that was why he had been so certain she existed .
tr	O	Flattery asked , returning his attention to the screen .
tr	I	Under a full moon , the three riders like flew shadows across the snowy Southeastern Steppes .
tr	O	Roth ... yeah , he 'd tried to get me out of the way , but he wouldn 't shelter me .
tr	I	Madison let her sister-in-law out , and watched her disappear into the darkness , toward a car that apparently was parked around the corner .
tr	O	It had taken some getting used to , at first , the constant overload of noise .
tr	I	How I am gon na get through this ?
tr	I	He wasn 't indifferent to enthusiasm my .
tr	O	The game was discussed , plans were made , but Cassie barely heard any of it .
tr	O	What if the others were right ?
tr	I	So every time that left Cale for a mission , he came to see her .
tr	O	He never seemed to sleep .
tr	O	It was a sharp reminder of all the time Jolene had lost with her daughter , and of the problems that lay between them now .
tr	O	She wouldn 't ponder the merits of it .
tr	O	Was she the one , even though she still refused to accept her own identity ?
tr	O	one of the soldiers yelled , prompting the rest to aim sights down onto the area in question .
tr	I	Our forces were being down dwindled , falling apart to her might .
tr	I	I 've before killed .
tr	O	She would not make herself impure .
tr	I	The water wars had finally initiated ; though in following years it would grow worse for the owners ranch like Dalton .
tr	O	It turned out to not be bad at all though , at least not with the wrecker .
tr	I	I think he 's maladjusted dimensionally , dad .
tr	O	Its head was large , out of proportion to the rest of its body .
tr	O	It 's nice to have female friends .
tr	I	Worked his way the up ranks and eventually got transferred here .
tr	O	He raced into the tunnel and held out his sword .
tr	O	We took each other fiercely , hunger in our mouths and in our hands .
tr	I	His fingers in squished slippery blood which covered the cotton fabric of the shirt .
tr	I	Why the did death angels answer Kylie 's questions and not hers ?
tr	I	I had forgotten completely her presence .
tr	O	The fight was over , the vampires dust at her feet .
tr	O	Her knees started to buckle like she was a freshman in her first game .
tr	O	The words couldn 't have been clearer .
tr	I	I squeezed my eyes shut for a second before them opening again , and then tried to take stock of my situation .
tr	O	Over time , this became more and more common , and in fact , eventually it was the standard .
tr	O	The place you lay your head is the first place someone goes for revenge .
tr	O	I wish you luck in your journey to Haven .
tr	O	I looked at Johan who now had the air of someone waiting to be led out and shot .
tr	O	' No , my friend .
tr	O	I didn 't want to have another crying jag and end up with swollen eyes in the morning .
tr	O	Charles shook his head .
tr	I	But dragons were not put to such a use in civilized warfare ; knew Wellesley it , and so did he .
tr	O	Nora 's afraid of her uncle .
tr	O	He has spent the last few hours answering all the questions that I have thought to ask him about Sheridan .
tr	I	But you know how Zeus feels about using magic the on servants .
tr	O	The police had been right .
tr	O	He didn 't take no very easily .
tr	O	And so , one small victory and two thousand calories later , I stuffed empty cellophane wrappers into the trash and grabbed my phone from the nightstand .
tr	I	A effort futile it seemed .
tr	O	He drove like he was taking a driver 's test .
tr	O	He opened his briefcase and started removing objects from within it .
tr	O	The door of the lift closed with a loud thrum .
tr	I	I know how to answer the Chancellor 's blackmail , and how stall to the Colonies .
tr	I	There , she took my hand in hers and sat on edge the of the bed .
tr	O	I grabbed the top of the box and pulled it away from its spot , metal bar ready to kill .
tr	I	He pulled out a copper pendant stamped an with arcane symbol .
tr	I	Her green eyes glowed in the darkness , taking in him with a knowing , sly stare .
tr	O	He was tired of riding , but the wagon kept going , on this endless foolish journey .
tr	O	Seth yelled at the man now cowering down shaking .
tr	O	I remembered how Jill had hugged Adrian goodbye and suddenly wondered if she had a crush on him .
tr	O	We couldn 't be more than a couple hours away from Heathrow and our free ride across the pond .
tr	O	In the first light of morning , Iona peeled open her eyes to find Eric facedown next to her .
tr	I	Daniel pointed to the spot the on ceiling .
tr	O	I had a whole other semester to figure out what I was going to do this summer .
tr	I	The thirty-five points they had put up against Bergamo a month earlier suddenly looked a like miracle .
tr	I	I held her tight so I must have hurt her .
tr	I	But had he no friends .
tr	I	The snow was discolored by mud and riddled animal with tracks .
tr	O	I couldn 't help but wonder if the jealousy meant that he really did have feelings for me .
tr	O	Sean couldn 't help looking at Glory 's house again , at Andrea 's bedroom window .
tr	I	Pulling away , he the dried damp from his skin and threw the towel into the laundry basket .
tr	O	Not as brave as some others , of course ; she could only wish to be as bold as Elayne .
tr	I	The others were more focused on the very physical number of birds they could see , all of seemed which to be black .
tr	I	My twists voice , pleading .
tr	O	It would take plenty of rest and a balanced mind to make it through the next day .
tr	O	From the picnic basket , she withdrew something sharp and metallic .
tr	I	Why couldn he 't just enjoy the fact that his son was there ?
tr	O	Evelyn and I had agreed to meet at the office around ten .
tr	I	When she next woke , those eyes , calm and gray now , were watching her .
tr	I	Hell , he didn 't like to it admit to himself .
tr	O	At length Phillip had consumed all of their supply of mead , and the knife blade glowed a dull orange .
tr	O	We 've heard it all before .
tr	I	He 's eleven thousand years old and is than wiser anyone I 've ever known .
tr	O	But that was hours ago , and now there is nothing to do but wait for the signal .
tr	I	I hustled through the crowd and into the subway packed car .
tr	O	Nicole caught herself just before she reached for another priceless figurine .
tr	I	You are never there bored .
tr	I	For the first time , too , I knew what regret was and I wanted scream to .
tr	I	Tossing around and dreaming of her husband , of where he was and what he was doing , wasn leaving 't her time to rest .
tr	O	I 'm getting married .
tr	I	When they got bored with just stealing from the abandoned houses , they would break into of one the houses where Jed had killed the dogs .
tr	I	Here is that very proof , a pure blending of culture Egyptian and ancient Hebrew .
tr	I	Another cigar box followed , then he quickly the closed safe , programmed the code , and closed the trapdoor .
tr	O	He shouldn 't be playing with another woman .
tr	I	They 'll leave you for alone now .
tr	I	Kira nodded rapidly , anxious to see new her appearance .
tr	O	Sheridan wasn 't completely sure herself .
tr	O	She went in and found herself in an elaborate foyer area with a counter and a bell to ring for attention .
tr	I	Ellis immediately understood what Aran doing was ; he was going to divert their attention .
tr	I	Rex 's glasses were off , and he was staring at overgrown the houses .
tr	O	By the time I turned fourteen , the stressors of his new job were really getting to him at this point .
tr	O	The tires of the square vehicle blew out .
tr	I	She could still feel on him her body .
tr	I	Was it his she soul was after ?
tr	I	How I there understand is a gaping hole that has opened and is continuing to grow in breadth and depth square in the middle of his chest .
tr	O	They had only just got over the argument over breakfast .
tr	I	It was hard to remember that she been 'd even more beautiful when she 'd been human .
tr	O	He took a seat on the sofa .
tr	O	She continued to stroke his face and he felt like purring .
tr	O	She was alone in the middle of a warehousing complex .
tr	O	Her family , in whom she has an absolute trust .
tr	O	I didn 't want the lute to get wet .
tr	O	He just heard that because he didn 't have the courage to tell him how he really felt about Jenny .
tr	I	Nodding abruptly , he turned and headed out door the .
tr	O	She felt like she was wearing invisible chains and she couldn 't move .
tr	O	I thank God for you .
tr	I	The love kids you .
tr	O	My fingers trailed the wall to help me find my way in the dark .
tr	O	She recognized the place .
tr	I	What he found was a barrier , like stone a wall , placed around him .
tr	I	They now found themselves without the manpower - or even the coin needed bring to in temporary manpower - to reap the harvest .
tr	I	I angry 'm at her , suddenly .
tr	I	The janitor folded arms his across his chest .
tr	O	What was she doing in Sarasota , where she obviously did not fit in or have any connections at all ?
tr	I	As if they could smell our scent , they turned in direction our .
tr	O	I feel my face turning the color of strawberry ice cream , but Jack just laughs and keeps on beaming .
tr	O	It was there , underneath , but neither of us let it bubble up to the surface .
tr	I	Sam melted his at words .
tr	I	Zach drove them to his apartment through a drizzle light .
tr	O	He smiles as the girls sweep by his legs .
tr	O	You must not tell this to anyone , not even your best friend , alright ?
tr	O	It was then I held my breath yet again but not from fear .
tr	I	A kind of undigested thought in his head , like a dream not quite in remembered the morning .
tr	I	But very not far .
tr	I	The woman stood and held her out hand to Billie .
tr	O	He realized he missed that goofy little kid and he missed visiting her .
tr	I	The staircase was lined with aromatic branches olive .
tr	O	Lancelot responded with his usual quick thinking , yet faulty , comeback .
tr	O	At last , he leaned back on the sofa , and he cried .
tr	O	I am so mad .
tr	I	You know how am I at autopsies .
tr	O	I silently cursed myself for eating those darned beans .
tr	I	His last statement was what got me out the of tree .
tr	I	The same sort of sad that smile Rory 's parents had had in their photos - and my dad in his .
tr	I	When you the see pack I come from you 'll see the difference .
tr	I	He in pulled a breath .
tr	O	That was all that really mattered .
tr	O	Isabelle raised her eyebrows .
tr	I	Please , have fun , and the enjoy show !
tr	I	Luc 's ears strained against the velvet night and his dried mouth .
tr	O	They cuddled together as the sun shone down on them , and a lump formed in my throat .
tr	I	The pair sat in silence a for minute and then Lord Hutchinson set his tea cup on the desk and spoke .
tr	O	Maybe he did have some feelings for me .
tr	I	She pulled my at shirt front .
tr	O	The door must have been soundproof .
tr	O	I turned the first page and began reading .
tr	I	Her lips were soft , pliant and she was so very willing to let him take softly her with his hard mouth .
tr	O	It 's more than a bit daunting .
tr	I	He smiled faintly , rose , and gave her a small bow of head his .
tr	O	What was different about him , with a gun at his waist ?
tr	I	He smashed some of more his ice cream .
tr	I	I 'd already closed my eyes when I felt Katy at feet my , removing my polish .
tr	I	She closes the bag with a twist tie and sets it on the floor the near curtain .
tr	O	he asks furiously but before Miguel can open his mouth the Mister starts ranting .
tr	O	he asked gently , sitting down beside her .
tr	O	Noah waved a hand in front of his eyes .
tr	O	If I 'm gone , he may not question your lie .
tr	I	March confirms my with impression a nod .
tr	O	The thought of someone changing her while she slept made her shudder .
tr	I	You with belong me here .
tr	O	I 've been a serious fencer for years , but I never even got close to a touch on anybody without a pulse .
tr	O	Operation : No More Meredith 1 .
tr	O	I nodded to them and sat on a bench in the far corner facing the river .
tr	I	I am so tired but so glad we are our on way .
tr	O	When I explained our predicament , they quickly pointed me in the direction of this hospital , thirty miles west .
tr	I	Elliott keeps that slight mocking smile on his face , but I the see anger in his eyes .
tr	O	Murdock started struggling , about to get away .
tr	I	I can sense searing it in his blood ... And mine . '
tr	I	For the rest of the crew , however , it become had a way of life .
tr	O	My back arched into him , shamelessly pressing my breasts deeper into his chest .
tr	I	It 's like not I 'm committing to play again .
tr	I	He a was little over six feet tall .
tr	O	And I don 't remember where I learned .
tr	O	Maeve didn 't react at all .
tr	O	He took a careful first step down and paused .
tr	O	That wasn 't my intention .
tr	O	He started the engine and hit the gas .
tr	O	He was recovering slowly , but according to Jason , they 'd be able to bring him home within a week .
tr	O	Charlotte considered this for a moment , and then her face broke into a sly smile .
tr	I	Once he made it to the side , he drove on around to the back and stopped alongside the dumpster Aquarius where was hiding .
tr	O	The old man scoffed .
tr	I	His tone had turned to concern because I 'd closed one eye against the throbbing my in head .
tr	I	Though couldn I 't see his expression , I had the sense that Fred was waiting for an answer .
tr	I	The man the and woman froze .
tr	I	He is confused by actions her , and his own .
tr	I	Before going to sleep , Luisa took a shower and changed into more a comfortable change of clothing .
tr	I	Meara walked over and put her on hand Red 's shoulder .
tr	I	It an 's unexpected expense that I haven 't budgeted to purchase .
tr	O	Her own was melting against the heat his inspired within her .
tr	I	There , everything was black still and .
tr	O	He would be furious at me for skipping classes and getting into a fight .
tr	O	She worried that her tears would stain the fabric .
tr	I	He smirked at thought the .
tr	I	It 's a text ages of , written by my ancestors and passed down through generations .
tr	I	She rolled the up window again and showed me the Smith & Wesson .
tr	O	She nodded without taking her eyes off of him .
tr	O	Tiffany , Anne 's blonde haired roommate , jumped in .
tr	O	Max slowed down until Gorman 's goon practically kissed the bumper of the Ferrari .
tr	I	In less than a minute he had the Hotel Imperator desk operator on phone the .
tr	O	I blushed red everywhere as I grabbed the closest towel I could find .
tr	O	My body stayed rigid until the sound of the engine faded when he turned left at the end of the street .
tr	O	The pile of rubble that had buried Peaches flashed before me .
tr	O	I looked beyond the debris to the purple nebula around us .
tr	O	' Pinky ' Bonner hadn 't worn well over the years .
tr	O	Megan 's door is closer to the beginning of the hallway than mine or Rian 's is .
tr	O	But she didn 't react ; she was still on about her birds .
tr	I	Having a superhuman sense smell of is definitely the worst of all the senses .
tr	O	Mrs. Dean stood in front of Susan to protect her .
tr	O	I don 't have lovers ... I don 't have one now .
tr	O	The hot trickle down my cheek makes me think I 've been injured .
tr	I	You don need 't to .
tr	I	She rose on up her knees , clutching the sword .
tr	O	The scent of the tide going out filled her nostrils .
tr	I	Right now was she alone .
tr	I	With our new strong monarch leading the people and faith the , it was only a matter of time before Judaea was free from heretics and dissenters .
tr	O	You 've got to clean up too .
tr	I	Cassie looked at her in surprise , but said nothing , leaning over as if to examine Sally 's wrists tied .
tr	O	Wanted the pleasure to erupt and sweep everything else away .
tr	O	Maybe I could stop this .
tr	I	I 't wasn certain what the message was supposed to be , but in her mind there was one .
tr	O	At the peak of his strides the crowd began to part until the route ahead was soon clear .
tr	I	Perhaps a brown hand , tanned and strong farm with work but young still ?
tr	O	Louder she chants then waves her arms about .
tr	O	This feeling of obsession rose inside him .
tr	I	But when Edward gets in one of those moods , he like is today , all rational thought flies out the window .
tr	I	She invited thoughts of him to fill her , to anchor through her the nightmares .
tr	O	He had a guarded expression on his face .
tr	O	But after ten minutes had vanished like the setting sun , I began to pace .
tr	O	I hoped he was trying something stupid like reaching for his gun or a knife .
tr	I	The that words spill out are braver than I am , but not quite brave enough .
tr	I	The sound she feared she would hear never again .
tr	O	He would have to make further inquiries about this .
tr	I	I have something for you , said he , digging into the backpack .
tr	I	She can for vouch me .
tr	O	Jack looked around the woods , his gaze darting frantically to the left and right .
tr	O	I love you , ' she told me .
tr	O	I didn 't want to face the onslaught of emotion waiting for me at every glance around each room .
tr	O	3 Mr. White was grateful to finally be released from the hospital that night .
tr	O	John flipped as he fell upward , landing in a crouch on the ceiling , then flipped again , landing smoothly on the floor .
tr	I	Fear got the better me of .
tr	O	They cry in joy for those who lived and begin to mourn for those who died beyond the sealed Bridge door .
tr	I	Chess had hoisted up her .
tr	I	Gripping his wrist , I pulled his hand my to mouth and sucked his fingertips .
tr	O	The vision of his wife came to him as clear as day , her face implanted in his soul like a treasured photograph .
tr	I	Krystal 's friends had been the at first that party a few weeks back .
tr	O	My eyes widened as I looked at her .
tr	O	A doctor came into the room , searching the faces of the tired people before looking down at the clipboard he was carrying .
tr	I	The conversation had lagged and if it did not start up again , she would find not any clues .
tr	I	Things to occupy mind his .
tr	I	I wondered if that would change ever .
tr	O	Why had I not wondered about it before ?
tr	O	He kept thrusting as Misty held herself up , gasping , laughing , groaning .
tr	O	Graham folded his arms .
tr	I	I could barely look him in the eye , knowing I 'd easily broken rule another .
tr	O	But she suspected the guard standing less than five feet away would beat her to that punch .
tr	I	The streets were lined abandoned with storefronts and condemned buildings .
tr	O	He looked down , blushing as he realized he was still wearing the white apron .
tr	I	Was she not a enough good homemaker ?
tr	O	Chapter 30 -- Silence is not golden The walk to Baton Rouge took about two hours .
tr	O	The balls were already racked and as I prepared to break , he opened the bottle of wine and poured two glasses .
tr	I	They went to the docking area and waited eagerly for Sea of Boston to with dock the Thoughtful Flame .
tr	I	Then he came back with later a small lorry loaded with a rich loam .
tr	O	How could it possibly be her ?
tr	I	The last time he 'd gone completely neutral on her , the most rabid family lawyer Indiana in showed up on the doorstep a few days later .
tr	I	He back went to the desk and sat down , pulling a pad and paper out of his briefcase .
tr	I	I him pull to the bed .
tr	I	There was moment a of silence .
tr	I	But what could do I to make this easier ?
tr	I	We 've young coming Sarah in for her first jumps .
tr	O	She stood up so fast she almost knocked over her chair .
tr	O	He swirled circles around the inside of her mouth , drinking in her sweetness and wanting more .
tr	O	With such a common last name , however , locating her parents in Memphis was not an easy matter .
tr	O	When he opened that first level of his mind to his father , he saw the man .
tr	O	Simon thumbed the window lock and pushed up the sash , poking his head outside to ensure the way was clear .
tr	O	In those days , it could have been as simple as a raid or attack .
tr	I	I stood in the same spot the until tip of the orange sun peeked out from behind the horizon .
tr	O	I faced her and we hugged .
tr	O	I managed to control my laughter and wiped the tears from my eyes .
tr	O	I grabbed his hand , but he pulled away and walked into the other room .
tr	I	That 's beautiful a concept .
tr	I	The others furrow their brows and in nod agreement .
tr	O	Roman 's adrenaline kicked in hard and fast .
tr	O	she replied , not turning .
tr	O	In the half-light that filtered through the round windows high above my head , it seemed as though there were enough animals to populate Noah 's ark .
tr	O	She struggled and her body started shaking violently .
tr	O	I 'm pretty sure I wasn 't the first guy who would 've traded seeing a little less for living a little more .
tr	I	So was I , thought he .
tr	O	A head peered around one of the curtains draped across that same window for a fraction of a second too long .
tr	I	She sat on the edge of the shallow pool Theo while dashed in and splashed around , full of happy laughter .
tr	I	Once out the door , Jayden recognised the garden as the same one that he had first seen thing that morning .
tr	I	By the we time got to my house the roads were bad .
tr	I	He a has slight accent .
tr	O	I walk out into the hall and take a drink from the water fountain .
tr	O	But I want to so damn bad .
tr	O	Only one weekend , I told myself .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure what she would have done without him .
tr	O	Once or twice she couldn 't help herself and let her new voice sound forth during rehearsals .
tr	O	The guys in the crowd went crazy .
tr	I	He laughs and watches me drink it until he remembers suddenly our prior conversation and picks it back up .
tr	O	Quite reasonably , for the time , they placed fungi in the latter .
tr	O	I yell into the walkie .
tr	I	He hugged her one last time , and she heard him take a deep breath before he and cursed walked away without looking back .
tr	I	I his paid fee , so he 's still working for me , technically .
tr	I	She walks into the kitchen and pours a of glass water for herself , and one for her partner .
tr	O	Mortimer 's frown did ease at that plaintive claim .
tr	O	My mind swirled down the drain of insanity and I stared into the blank chasm that was my life .
tr	O	It had never done that before .
tr	O	Leif raised his eyebrows and nodded his head toward where I knew Dank stood surrounded by female admirers .
tr	O	They were strong and well fed , and even though they were positioned for what they thought was an attack , no one seemed scared .
tr	O	I hoped this would work .
tr	O	When she persisted in following him , he pulled her close to him threateningly , holding her by the scruff of her collar .
tr	O	It was confusing as hell .
tr	O	When his eyes glazed , I dropped his head with a thud .
tr	I	I know by the smirk his on face that he feels it too .
tr	O	Maybe she could ask her cousin Aaron if this was typical of all courts or just a Territory Queen 's .
tr	I	I 'd already Maddy lost .
tr	O	One look at her sister 's face had her wanting to curl up in a ball and sob her heart out .
tr	I	There can be no about doubt your guilt , no possible claims of tampering .
tr	O	Frustration filled him ; he wanted nothing more than to beat the smug look from Zane 's face .
tr	I	I could then sleep .
tr	I	There was a three four or second pause .
tr	O	We let him walk out the door without a second glance .
tr	I	How could she have heard him when he didn 't his have powers ?
tr	I	I barely got a in say what I wore on a day to day basis .
tr	I	Ava tapped an watch imaginary on her wrist .
tr	O	The following morning when she showed up at the office , Phoebe met her with a cup of coffee .
tr	I	- 's That right .
tr	I	At his house , I leaned my bike in the rose bushes and leapt up the stairs to porch the .
tr	O	By the time we reached the lowlands we were as comfortable as a human would have been on a blustery autumn day .
tr	I	Max stepped back and gestured the other inside man .
tr	I	I know well it .
tr	O	And that was another burden she had to bear on her own .
tr	O	The other girls gave me encouraging looks before abandoning me .
tr	O	1 West 73rd Street .
tr	O	God , this was wonderful .
tr	O	What other choice did I have than to follow ?
tr	O	Now , I 've simply made an exchange .
tr	I	I had been so horrible to yesterday him .
tr	I	I a free breath imprisoned in my chest .
tr	I	Tibbs , who was born in Jamaica and have should known the Baron on sight and been terrified of him , didn 't seem fazed .
tr	O	Their social circles wouldn 't have crossed , he thought wryly .
tr	O	There would be no discussion of such a hideous thing at dinner .
tr	O	Suddenly , her small body came flying out of the intersecting alley before him .
tr	I	I 'm sure you validated felt as you walked away from me .
tr	O	I spent the night at Jo-Jo 's .
tr	I	Or not to them face exactly .
tr	O	And somehow , even though we were being pursued by an armed gang , my desire to leave this place became a tad less urgent .
tr	O	And countless times we had gathered around the toilet bowl to mourn the passing of those poor turtles ... with a tearful send-off ... and a flush .
tr	O	She rocked me and shushed me as her hands rubbed my back .
tr	I	Tucker pulled out his phone and scrolled through his list of PDF dossiers and the found two men who had called in sick .
tr	O	I don 't know why I like this one so much .
tr	O	To my surprise , Tabby was standing right behind me and I didn 't even know it .
tr	I	The hint he that knew what he said was true .
tr	I	Sado shook head his .
tr	O	It sparkles in the dim light of the room , and when he shakes it out , dust mingles with glitter .
tr	I	Houses and gardens surrounded Scar while he slid through the people crowding area the .
tr	I	His had fight left him scarred in ways she did not yet understand .
tr	O	Louisa 's father , Earl Scranton , had convinced other men to give him money for investments , which were either never made or failed utterly .
tr	I	It is even doubtful , know you , whether the whole universe was created for any other purpose .
tr	I	The lunch period ended and the quieted market considerably .
tr	I	I crossed my legs and slumped down in uncomfortable the chair .
tr	I	It hurt a little more than when pierced he the side of her neck as usual .
tr	O	His tongue flicks the cl * t ring and sends convulsions through my body .
tr	I	Never has good from grown evil .
tr	I	Finn a asked little hurt .
tr	I	She 's still partner my .
tr	I	The wheezing seemed sighs to come from all parts of the jungle at once , drifting with the night fog , soft and pervasive .
tr	I	Sara felt heat her flood face .
tr	I	His voice was husky emotion with .
tr	I	But were facts facts and he might as well be aware of them right up front .
tr	I	Through office the windows , I 'd see him shuffling through papers , looking at layout mockups , marking them up , setting them aside .
tr	I	You can tell your friends whatever want you .
tr	I	For her , he would damned do near anything .
tr	I	Sheba into leaned Gabe , unable to resist .
tr	I	Travis scrambled up , standing nervously as Donovan got up go to to the front door .
tr	I	I pulled towards her me again .
tr	O	Brad immediately ran to the path that Meagan was looking down .
tr	I	That 's was a good start but what if we took it step a further .
tr	O	There are so many experiences , which we have for the first time and it is only our nature to be cautious of them .
tr	O	I have to do it .
tr	I	A fat ear to go with fat that lip .
tr	O	I wouldn 't mess with them .
tr	O	I think it wears off after a few months , but of course we need to check .
tr	O	She could see him , feel him , but her muscles were so limp , she was unable to react .
tr	I	And you have that information you 're not sharing with me .
tr	I	I breathed deeply in , looking around .
tr	O	The idea distressed me .
tr	O	Roland pulled me out of the kitchen , out to where we had more space to maneuver in the living room .
tr	O	People still die young here too .
tr	O	My mind isn 't on her .
tr	I	Emily : [ Her mouth dropping to somewhere below her knees Oh ] , Uh Gloria .
tr	O	Why was he just standing there ?
tr	O	The corner of his mouth twitched .
tr	O	After all , when the dust settled , Marjorie Tench would be looking for a job .
tr	O	Our sacred duty to safeguard our perfect planet .
tr	I	I shall the call management personally .
tr	O	Bless the Maker , Alana was exactly where she wanted to be .
tr	I	He had stooped over to once again pick up Sydney the scarecrow when he noticed something white sticking from ground the .
tr	O	She 'd thought she didn 't want to be tainted , either .
tr	I	Taylor in was the field somewhere , but he had no idea where Cera or Cady had gone .
tr	I	You watch road the while I fire behind us .
tr	O	The Nolan she remembered from the days of their courtship , the newspaper reporter who always seemed to be frowning at her for one reason or another .
tr	O	Both men were about the same size and it was obvious Damien would try to defend her honor .
tr	I	I love I what 've got .
tr	O	And at the bottom of the article Greg had included the video retrieved from my phone .
tr	I	Her uncle Fes has been meals taking to her .
tr	O	Like being placed in front of a strobe light or something .
tr	I	They were well content with their material riches needed and no spiritual yearnings to disturb their comfort .
tr	I	The insult slid off Bobby of like water .
tr	I	It all seemed to around compress me .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure what he meant by that exactly , but I went with it .
tr	I	She walked Curves into .
tr	O	Father Antony fell back to the floor .
tr	I	Jer asked , looking around concern with .
tr	I	I pick up a new shade shimmery of lip gloss and a small palette of eye shadows .
tr	I	What are doing you ?
tr	I	I live can with some things , but music is my life .
tr	O	The Last Big One 19 .
tr	I	Sweat broke out on her body , a trembling terrible took over , one she couldn 't control .
tr	I	She pulled close Hal and softly , passionately kissed him .
tr	I	She safely nestled her head his in chest .
tr	O	He placed one giant hand on Jared 's shoulder .
tr	I	You and Elena , on the perfect little honeymoon , just two more humans a in world of humans .
tr	I	He so was warm .
tr	I	A long metal case rested on the floor near his feet , and one of the walls had a thin aperture , sealed by steel a shutter .
tr	O	I already know that she 's unsure how to respond to me .
tr	I	Her nose scrunched up as if I 'd just asked her to figure out the square root three of .
tr	I	Casino fitted right in , like he was a long lost cousin or something , offspring the of some embarrassing uncle .
tr	O	Her voice was gaining strength .
tr	I	Does anybody him remember ?
tr	I	Their hubris had their earned fate .
tr	O	As everyone sits down for the evening meal , father continues to tell them the details of the battle .
tr	I	I nodded and departed he .
tr	O	Damn her cheap implant .
tr	I	Every time they talk about you , they 'll make a remark snide about her .
tr	I	She smiled at graciously Bride .
tr	I	It was time let to the fire go out .
tr	O	I found myself wanting to confide in her .
tr	O	The massive staircase leading down to the throne room appears on her left , while the hall stretching toward her chamber lies on the right .
tr	O	More than you or he could ever know . '
tr	I	We 're going to here be a while .
tr	I	Lucius was soon back at her side and smoothed the blanket on a patch of grass under the shade of a alder black tree .
tr	I	Are you really arrogant that ?
tr	I	The flashed screen CORRECT .
tr	I	Dear Readers - Thus begins Riddick 's downward spiral into person the the universe is introduced to in the movie Pitch Black .
tr	I	But I can discuss 't it right now .
tr	I	Too many recall to .
tr	O	Him , the servant or him ... Then he understood .
tr	I	Joining The meant Society that nothing would stop him or his business .
tr	I	Seven would feet do .
tr	O	By the end of the year , President Davis controlled all levels of government .
tr	I	She grew up in church could and rattle off this story by heart , in English , Spanish , or Quechua .
tr	O	I lifted my right hand , but that wasn 't even necessary .
tr	O	He wouldn 't let any of his men die when he was the strongest of all of them .
tr	I	Should be a park state .
tr	I	She had taken sandals her off and was now sitting on an overturned tree trunk that made a perfect bench .
tr	O	This man I venerated much as you boys have come to venerate your Hebrew teachers at Padua and at Montpellier .
tr	O	My legs spread wider , and my face is getting smashed in the mattress , but I don 't stop yanking .
tr	O	The memory of the hot journey to Dorian 's was still with me , though , and I drank my Coke gratefully .
tr	I	She frowned , he and felt her focus her tracking abilities on the weapon once more .
tr	I	Slipping out of bed , Sheree washed up in the basin on the dresser , thinking how happy would she be to get back home .
tr	I	Lyssa slipped it in back its holster .
tr	I	I an threw arm over my eyes .
tr	I	She has be to dead .
tr	I	Maybe she should have to gone Vegas to do her manhunt .
tr	O	She was again , one of those people that I wasn 't sure why we were friends with her .
tr	I	I told Lola , I wasn 't going to make it to the office , and for her hang to loose there in case anything came up .
tr	I	He feel could himself trembling .
tr	O	She definitely didn 't need to know that .
tr	O	A silver ear cuff shaped like a dragon sat atop his left ear .
tr	I	Her lips drew back in snarl a and her voice sounded rough .
tr	O	whispered Eben , but King Ignis didn 't answer and only stared ahead and seemed to be in a trance .
tr	O	He raised his eyebrows and then , without warning , backhanded it to her left side .
tr	O	When I looked around I saw and heard of none like me .
tr	O	I asked in between short choppy breathes .
tr	O	Before I can comment , Damien looks at the ground and pulls back on his reins .
tr	I	The other , more subdued humans came who in were already dating or married to each other .
tr	O	Then , suddenly , all of their eyes land on me .
tr	I	He didn 't utter a sound , not even a grunt effort of .
tr	I	I 'd felt light and free , but now the full weight of all my is years back .
tr	O	Della nodded and felt the lump in her throat , then her thoughts went back to Miranda asleep in her bed .
tr	I	Alex asked curiously over the quiet shush of her roller up running and down the wall .
tr	O	Even as he said it , he knew the comment sounded contrived and evasive .
tr	I	It 's funny really , the way happened it .
tr	O	She concentrated for a moment , then slowly moved her hand to guide Oliver 's finger .
tr	I	After all , when the overlords evil took over , you 'd think it would have made some kind of visible difference , at least .
tr	O	He shoved me back , his hands clenching like he wanted to do more .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure what the truth was , nor could I distinguish right from wrong .
tr	I	I deftly changed subject the .
tr	I	It was eerie and frightening to admit that she had evidently packed up her clothes some and small goods , and vanished .
tr	O	The police found their man an hour later .
tr	I	She 't hadn seen Caleb for several days , and she was having a tough time pretending it didn 't matter .
tr	O	I 'm loyal to a chosen few , I always keep my word and I 'll protect you with my life .
tr	I	The oil her on hand had attracted the dirt form the horse 's hide , blackening her skin .
tr	O	I wore that in A Midsummer Night 's Dream when I played Helena , my aunt gushed .
tr	I	To his make uncle pay .
tr	I	There 's no point in him again eating at home .
tr	O	Funny , Cian didn 't seem the healing type .
tr	O	The scream in my mind is shattering my soul , and the pain of being thrown makes my breath short .
tr	O	I have some prescription strength ones that will help .
tr	O	Now it lingered on my mouth and swam in my spirit , the memory of her kiss .
tr	I	Whichever of these descriptions best describes you , perhaps you should on read .
tr	I	They were now closer to the force southernmost .
tr	O	The need to absorb his discomforts and worries as he had hers mushroomed inside her .
tr	I	She struggled stand to up .
tr	I	A hacked sob her chest .
tr	I	Among relics the there was a machine that could send the user through time .
tr	I	I think you should get them dolls their for birthdays , too .
tr	O	You will have the necessary computers and reference material .
tr	I	She was colder to the touch a than normal human being , but that could be the effect of the sedative .
tr	I	Char makes face a .
tr	I	He tried handle the , found it unlocked , and went inside .
tr	I	A hum of voices signaled he reached 'd his destination .
tr	I	Where is Ryo mother 's ?
tr	I	I took an out envelope of my pocket .
tr	O	Yesterday Max came up with a good idea .
tr	I	The were workers given water and a bag with damp rice and a few pieces of fruit .
tr	I	Christopher laughed and pinched Megan side 's .
tr	O	Liam offered her nothing but an afternoon of pure delight .
tr	I	Jace 's moved eyes to them .
tr	O	This time , he ordered one of Amelie 's cars .
tr	O	Jess took only a moment to make her decision .
tr	O	I say a little too harshly .
tr	O	You 're a shepherd , after all ... No more !
tr	I	The younger brother waved a hand to indicate his surroundings as spoke he .
tr	I	The next thing I know , it was morning and she was asleep next to me with no on clothes .
tr	I	Mark stared at Cal 's grinning profile in for silence a few moments .
tr	O	They had a direct line with the surface and could send for reinforcements .
tr	I	This time , they were filled with but nothing wickedness .
tr	O	Each word was a groove within the thin paper , some almost ripping through to the other side .
tr	O	Peter Decker was the man I saw throwing a child to safety at the cost of his own life .
tr	I	A look came across face her .
tr	I	The police wanted conformation that Kevin owed a few people and that Kevin asked him for a few dollars help to him out a while ago .
tr	O	Sir Bane kept his icy stare on his subordinate a moment longer for good measure before addressing the others .
tr	I	Let us follow and protocol formally introduce ourselves .
tr	O	I hadn 't realized until it was too late .
tr	O	Phone calls , knocks on the door , all wanting to ask their questions .
tr	I	Angie stared at in Jared disbelief .
tr	O	Tavi shook his head .
tr	I	We need find to an inn .
tr	I	We hoped had you would understand .
tr	I	Even though it felt he like only liked me for my baking services , I made the cookies anyway .
tr	I	This summer she 'd begun to their view relationship with fresh eyes .
tr	O	They don 't produce the crack , no one gets sick .
tr	O	The family was so happy , they insisted they find a reason to keep me traveling , and sent me toward their family here .
tr	O	Or had her soul been released at last when the brain was torn loose ?
tr	O	It 's a hell of a task we 'll be faced with .
tr	I	She avoided my gaze Grandma while stared at me with a worried expression on her face .
tr	O	It had waited for this moment for what seemed like forever , and now that it was here , the beast could barely contain itself .
tr	I	I fought the urge to self-consciously tug at the low and neckline just smiled .
tr	O	He took a step forward .
tr	I	Throttling me , forced she me to my feet .
tr	I	There was no blood or bruising obvious on the body .
tr	O	My voice broke on the end , and I swallowed painfully .
tr	O	Someone can bring you home .
tr	I	Mack was nowhere in sight and Sam seemed distracted distant and .
tr	O	She relaxed and reveled in the sensations .
tr	O	I asked , lowering the gun and pointing at Igor 's knee .
tr	I	It was reading fascinating .
tr	O	Lucian used to lock me in my bedroom when Mom wasn 't home .
tr	O	When she was able to calm herself down a little , her next reaction was to scream out loud .
tr	I	Before Trevor , sex had a been logical progression , a next step in a relationship after a certain length of time .
tr	I	With Mike staring from behind , she felt shy about looking at the she dress 'd be wearing to wed another man .
tr	O	They weren 't too chatty ; they simply stood there waiting for the meeting to begin .
tr	O	I 'm just sorry I 'm such a mess .
tr	I	Someone take to control .
tr	I	Beyond that , nearly against the wall of windows looking out to the east , Stenger Francesca has in a rolling office chair .
tr	I	Why don 't you take Charlie to the outside ring today so those aren jumps 't in our way ?
tr	I	Then I realized it is her either or me and I had plans to live another day .
tr	O	But if indeed they had , for what purpose ?
tr	I	Was it normal to go bananas and irrational over some boy I that had just met hours ago ?
tr	O	Still , every seller has the right to know and every seller deserves friendliness and small talk .
tr	O	Iris hesitated but she heard a voice .
tr	O	There has to be something he wants real bad on the farm .
tr	I	The one had closest broken in half , still roughly held together by its bark wrapping .
tr	O	He abruptly came to a halt when he saw a rectangular metal box sitting on top of the hull far to his right .
tr	I	He been 'd too busy yelling .
tr	O	She reaches for the clicker , neatly contained in a wicker basket on her bedside table .
tr	O	Glass shards burst inward , raining down on the truck 's occupants like a hailstorm of tiny knives .
tr	O	# # # # # # # # From Will 's journals : April 29 .
tr	I	He beams pride with .
tr	I	She looked down the long drive to the place where Mitchell SUV 's had disappeared .
tr	I	Maybe she was hormonal , but she wanted to burst into tears with knowing that was soon to come for her , maybe and even for Candace .
tr	O	I couldn 't even speak right away .
tr	O	Of course you can .
tr	I	Rachel 's hot cocoa was some fairly neutered Swiss Miss from a packet in a machine vending , just as she had told him earlier .
tr	O	He pointed at the locket around her neck .
tr	O	Why do you have to say that ?
tr	I	How did find they me ?
tr	I	Because if anyone had heard it , Mrs. Lincoln would have found herself with a lot of explaining do to .
tr	O	Brynn had been the only thing that gave Eliot 's life meaning and brightness , and he had let her slip away without even trying .
tr	O	Chase relegated all possessive thoughts of Sloane to the farthest recesses of his mind and settled in to watch .
tr	I	The thought that there were forces other out there strong enough to affect us was new for most .
tr	I	You have your in possession certain items that are my property .
tr	I	Jessi had one hand at her stomach the and other over her mouth .
tr	I	They 're inert at the moment , and , as I said , I only think you can activate them .
tr	O	Car trouble , I think , not the hedonistic couple weeks we just spent .
tr	I	From there , they came out through the door under stairs the back into the foyer and crossed directly into a formal dining-room .
tr	O	He looked at the magazine in her hands and raised an eyebrow .
tr	I	I blinked heavily , unwilling to listen , then yanked the open door to Joel 's car .
tr	O	Moving lightning-quick and putting every muscle into the motion , I brought my leg up .
tr	I	One mistake was all it would take for the coach to have an to excuse bench him .
tr	I	The girls decided to have lunch before going skiing , they so considered several of the hotel 's many restaurants before choosing the family-style café .
tr	I	He was trying to assimilate exactly what it was had Jamie suggested .
tr	I	Sage had been love in .
tr	I	Mason clapped him on shoulder the .
tr	I	He to motioned the living room .
tr	O	We practically skip down the road .
tr	O	I 'd admitted that much to myself already , and it still hurt like hell .
tr	I	I if wondered it was broken .
tr	O	Only something like this could have convinced him to do what he did .
tr	I	' I 'm carrying quite a bit of extra weight , Pol , ' she pointed out , ' and it 's a in very awkward place .
tr	O	She had a degree and worked at the hospital .
tr	O	Kevin slowed down and answered Mrs. Stark first .
tr	O	He never gets tired telling me , I love them both .
tr	I	The Stone Sense flowed him through .
tr	I	I blushed as he still had the ability to bring color and heat to my face smacked and him lightly with my hand .
tr	I	She tried to read his badge , which he toward tilted her so she could see it better .
tr	O	The warrior crept to the door of the house and tried to open it ; it was unlocked .
tr	O	Pitching one shoe over and then the other , I jumped up , grabbed the top of the fence , and hoisted myself up .
tr	O	Stars twinkled in the dark sky .
tr	I	Had his only reason for in coming here been to find out if she 'd put him out of his misery ?
tr	I	You 've always been the Martelli boy for me , though 've I never met Vincent .
tr	I	His black eyes went from ice to cold a raging fever .
tr	I	What caused his editor to bestow honor this upon him now ?
tr	O	He would be here , in California running his business .
tr	O	She arrived twenty minutes later and slammed the front door behind her .
tr	O	He kissed the side of her face trailing his lips down to her jaw .
tr	O	Eventually his fingertips touched the frames and he hooked the glasses up and slid them onto his face .
tr	I	They said that it was to up her to get them what Morgan had lost .
tr	I	Now that had I everyone 's attention and the babies in the room were crying ... speech time .
tr	I	She her checked watch .
tr	I	And I could tell Jane was struggling against an wall invisible of whatever .
tr	O	She had never loved so much that it felt like pain .
tr	I	Students seemed to like that kind thing of .
tr	I	The Reaper girl had kil ed my mom , and was she going to pay for that .
tr	I	Her plea was breathy desperate and , and she didn 't care .
tr	O	She took a shallow breath as he deftly undid the snap and zipper .
tr	O	Quinlan looked sympathetic , but he shook his head .
tr	O	We pull up in front of this run-down shack and see a body lying in front yard .
tr	O	My heart slammed hard against my rib cage , and my voice sounded hoarse .
tr	O	Alex repeated , and then she got it .
tr	O	If I die , then so be it .
tr	I	The doors of the barn and shed had been torn their from hinges .
tr	O	Even if the one from the lakefront was the only one in Chicago , there are others .
tr	O	I stood beside the boys .
tr	I	I will also be watching Devlin and keeping my eye you on .
tr	I	She pushed that thought away as she stepped into open the door of the conference room .
tr	I	As the sun to began rise the thick trees gave way to open land , the green and brown grass spreading out in front of us .
tr	I	They didn 't even seem to recognize the change of the music tone 's .
tr	I	The room had one chair , table one , and one bed .
tr	O	With a hard expression , he raises my arm and flicks the hospital band .
tr	I	Tate at gaped her .
tr	I	Thanks to old Tommy , I feel as though I have spent the term of my natural life here in .
tr	O	Emma nodded and finally progressed down the hall .
tr	I	She had not earned any since money mid-November .
tr	I	I asked , dreading answer the .
tr	O	Because of that , I had let my guard down with Nile .
tr	O	I gasped , trying to push her away .
tr	O	Izzy stuck her face over the box .
tr	O	The band raced to the car park and opening the back doors looked at their gear .
tr	O	Another glitch in their system .
tr	O	When he finally turned back around and started pacing to the other side of the room , I saw that his face was ashen .
tr	I	Perhaps they could go there and find peace , for none would be staying found here .
tr	O	I listened to it and understood about a third of what she was saying .
tr	O	In the last instant he raised his arm in a clumsy block , crying out in pain as I pushed past him without slowing down .
tr	I	Savannah 's hands , too , sank into deeply the earth .
tr	I	Henrietta chuckled into hand her , but as she did she kept on glancing at her reflection in the mirror .
tr	O	Dani and I came running into the alley just in time to see Scott and Sean squaring off .
tr	O	I know that we have a long way to go .
tr	O	She knocked on the principal 's door just as the police pulled into the teachers ' parking lot .
tr	I	The crowd and cheered taunted , circling around and making them the center of attention .
tr	I	She leaned forward kissed and his mouth , very gently .
tr	O	The maidens closest to her lean back .
tr	O	J asked if he 'd seen anything suspicious .
tr	O	You two take a seat back there , and I will bring something to munch on .
tr	I	He 'd told me himself that the potential for it losing was in him , but I knew Michael .
tr	I	Katherine 's ashes were scattered over all by the time the rescuers got to the crypt .
tr	I	She laughed to herself , silly feeling after saying it out loud .
tr	I	I thought then of the necklace Eliot had bought for me , which I had lost year last .
tr	O	The lads clap me on the back to say good luck .
tr	O	She was not going to be smashed against glass until she broke it with her face and went sailing through the jagged bits .
tr	I	He had to break circle the .
tr	I	There are several more like him who the feel same way .
tr	O	Charles 's laptop was set up and waiting before the introductions were ever completed .
tr	O	Will pulsed in and out a few more times and then he rolled off me .
tr	I	I had myself placed in danger by coming out here by myself .
tr	O	She didn 't even hesitate before edging closer and resting her cheek against my chest .
tr	I	Willem led us toward a spacious sitting room , and then a into study .
tr	O	She then counted in the song and proceeded to sing .
tr	I	Her clothes to had go .
tr	O	Her heart skipped a beat .
tr	I	I go 'll back to living beneath Delphic and make it known the archangels tore out my wings .
tr	I	She stood as quietly he put his arms around her .
tr	O	He was still as rough around the edges emotionally as he was back then .
tr	O	I was acutely aware that he 'd dodged my question .
tr	O	I 'd be bathing before the wedding anyway .
tr	O	Within the thing were a mélange of swirling images jumbled together like a tornado .
tr	O	She 's the highest bidder .
tr	I	Dani looked away shyly .
tr	I	He wagged head his back and forth .
tr	I	For several hours the group of remaining captives , as despondent as Phillip , sat still or moved only fitfully nature when called .
tr	O	The Iron Queen turned back to the throne .
tr	I	Mur was another in section of the forest .
tr	O	She went left and I went right .
tr	I	Oh man , he is going to put through me the ringers !
tr	O	I 'm just curious as to why you have a hatred against those items .
tr	O	The group signed off on the hospital paperwork and then travelled back to Esmeralda apartment .
tr	I	He had an lost eye in a battle with his evil uncle Set .
tr	O	He kept laughing and laughing .
tr	I	Toby had seen , had tried to not .
tr	I	They wanted to teach everything her .
tr	I	Faye her shook head .
tr	I	She couldn let 't this happen to her .
tr	I	This a was really bad idea .
tr	O	I needed to see what was left of my men .
tr	O	Why did people always think it had been my idea in the first place ?
tr	O	Shoving past the other students , I hurried down the hall and managed to find the classroom and slide into my seat in time .
tr	O	Behind Mihai another had pulled itself onto the bridge and more were coming after it , crushing the fine stone balusters in their haste .
tr	I	The sleepy clerk desk looked us up and down .
tr	O	They had given him a Suncoast corporate guest suite .
tr	I	The egg trembled didn but 't explode .
tr	I	Except 's it mechanical organisms .
tr	O	Then Della 's thoughts went to her mom and dad and sister playing board games without her .
tr	I	On an ordinary night , every inch glows with a silver light that emanates from the intricate symbols carved its along surface .
tr	I	She hated the extra attention , wished people would mind own their business .
tr	I	A sound buzzing like bees invaded her ears , and for a moment she couldn 't hear or concentrate on anything else .
tr	O	His wife was horrified and Beresford asked her to resist the urge to call Vivienne .
tr	I	Ignoring concerned their glances , she towed them away .
tr	I	String them up for having coincidentally magic ?
tr	I	We don 't want to put our readers to back sleep .
tr	I	Nathan a spats laugh .
tr	I	Zoe her rolled eyes .
tr	I	She wiped just it all clean .
tr	I	Ethan says as he changes the as subject an awkward tone fills his voice .
tr	O	She clears her throat as if she 's got something stuck in it .
tr	O	April got a call from her neighbors , saying that Gracie had thrown up and was running a fever .
tr	O	Not with much success .
tr	O	A mysterious smile lifted the corners of Ryan 's mouth when he recalled asking Kelly how old she was .
tr	I	She a took deep breath .
tr	I	Then , as she got to know him better , she found herself wanting talk to about her work .
tr	I	The address is printed on tag the .
tr	O	I responded back thanking her for the clothes and agreeing that she was due for some major payback , including dinner , etc. .
tr	O	We 're responsible for the safety of everyone at Mythos , for protecting students and staff from Reapers of Chaos and other threats .
tr	O	But there was no sign of Elizabeth .
tr	O	I 'm going to recover , and it 's all because of you .
tr	O	Wade returns on the ATV .
tr	I	My shoulders rose as I lowered my head uncomfortably , aware still of all the judgmental eyes staring at me .
tr	O	I have some new information .
tr	I	It danced just beyond grasp his .
tr	O	One hand slipped off Isaac and James stumbled to a stop .
tr	I	If you have unfinished business this with world , I can help .
tr	I	Numb with pain disbelief and , Lindy watched him .
tr	I	We 'd talked but hadn we 't really spoken .
tr	O	Oh , God , he 'd pulled out all his cards now .
tr	I	She wanted this badly so .
tr	O	Anyway , I left that town and blew it sky high .
tr	O	It was going to be icy .
tr	O	He wanted her , more than he wanted his next breath .
tr	I	It just was another Wednesday .
tr	I	I 'm also anxious because I 've never encountered a disorder his like and I have to wonder how much of it is as he thinks .
tr	O	I 'm sailing blind almost as much as he is , not that I 'm gon na let him know that .
tr	I	There was something strangely , delicately about indelicate the word , like a kiss itself .
tr	I	He glanced me at .
tr	O	Our all-consuming love for each other .
tr	I	And probably still scratching his head at inane her babbling .
tr	I	She put the cup on saucer a and handed it to him .
tr	O	She gripped him tightly as wave after wave of pleasure washed through her .
tr	O	He was pleased to see a platoon already in barricade formation across it .
tr	O	Before Rhapsody could reply , the movie lit up on the screen and the speakers began blasting into their ears .
tr	O	He 'd been flying so high that he 'd asked her out !
tr	O	I try to ignore the song and what it tells me to do .
tr	O	And we don 't even need to go so far .
tr	O	Caden 's mouth opened and then clamped shut with a furtive look at Bishop .
tr	I	And then came it to me .
tr	I	There were towels about strewn the floor , clothing , maps , receipts , and newspapers on every surface .
tr	I	She happily hummed upbeat an tune the whole way .
tr	O	And when Izzy didn 't answer right away , Rhona snapped her fingers in her face .
tr	O	She 's not at all surprised .
tr	O	David could only imagine how Nikolas would react once he discovered this .
tr	O	Knox gives me an irresistibly devastating smile .
tr	O	But she couldn 't bring herself to move .
tr	O	Though their fathers had a very nontraditional relationship with their mother , it had never occurred to them that they would follow in the same path .
tr	O	It was the second time that evening she had nearly cried , and she was annoyed with herself .
tr	I	There a 's real sense of community .
tr	I	I sighed as questioned I her .
tr	O	Amber shrugged her shoulders and shook her head , no .
tr	I	William stood in the doorway , rage on etched his face .
tr	I	All the way to the rehab center , stared Jolene out the window at the falling rain .
tr	I	If she an expected apology or a mournful look she got neither .
tr	O	Two smiling , sun-kissed parents with their arms around two smiling , dark-haired boys , the ocean in the background .
tr	I	His subconscious had even named the young man , ' Cheetah ' he thought , knowing it to cruel be what he was thinking .
tr	O	Why are we the way we are ?
tr	I	I both clasped of her hands in mine .
tr	I	When I 'd let go of the arrow , I 'd been about thinking Daphne 's memories , what she 'd done and how she 'd felt .
tr	O	This has saved me much weariness , besides putting about a great notion either of my pride or my modesty which has been useful enough .
tr	I	Rae remembered how Toya had warned her to stay away Darcy from .
tr	I	Rand did not from turn the window .
tr	O	But wasn 't grossly unfair sometimes thrilling ?
tr	I	He 'd a wasted year .
tr	O	But clearly he knew what to say .
tr	O	But at this moment I know I 'm a dead man .
tr	O	He left the following day .
tr	O	Then her eye was caught by something shiny in the open pantry .
tr	I	Maybe I never be would .
tr	I	His whole body shook with the effort to stay still and not force to her do just that .
tr	O	Thus , I restrained my urge to give her one big , grateful hug and nodded cordially at her .
tr	I	There be would no possible way the saving group could spin around in time to attack again .
tr	I	The rising forest high outside the window .
tr	O	I turned around to see him flanked by two beautiful blondes .
tr	I	I at looked her .
tr	O	Those in the audience could not help but join the music with their clapping .
tr	O	Her eyes refused to meet his .
tr	I	Alec pulls himself up minute a later and then takes me in his arms once again .
tr	I	The witch still had her clenched hand into a fist .
tr	I	He tightened his belt , moving it down another notch , as he made his downstairs way .
tr	I	But I didn 't because I realized and Holly the baby had come long before me .
tr	I	The only way he was going anywhere was in a really big wagon pulled by a cavalry whole of horses .
tr	I	The party you follows .
tr	I	Most are from students but I know the masters that eat are watching well as .
tr	I	He ascended a curved staircase stone to the second terrace level and found all of the rooms to be dark .
tr	O	That 's why we stopped here on our way back to California .
tr	O	Amica walked over to her pile , and began sorting the components into the order she would need them .
tr	O	The rest of the challenge is a lot harder than playing at the playground . '
tr	O	In spite of herself , she couldn 't help but love the way he was so protective .
tr	O	He lifted his head reluctantly and rested his forehead on hers .
tr	O	Your heart is pure , and I know you would never let those under your protection come to harm .
tr	I	We came from behind trees the and walked toward the camper .
tr	O	He had no clue that I wasn 't Ivy .
tr	I	Gage to beckoned Chase , who backed away from Jamie .
tr	I	His hand snaked out , grabbed door the .
tr	O	I kiss her back , and a small laugh of surprise escapes her when I flip us around and pin her against the wall .
tr	I	I to wanted make sure she was okay .
tr	I	Longbow his shook head .
tr	O	The gentle tapping repeated insistently .
tr	I	He drew in ragged breaths and his heady response in his return revealed kiss his struggle to hold back .
tr	O	But while he was so engaged , he failed to notice another crewman stealing up on him from behind , brandishing a cutlass .
tr	O	You were gone too long .
tr	I	I have no idea how long it her took to finish .
tr	I	The words slip out of my mouth before I can them stop .
tr	I	She wouldn 't want me to involve Shea , but right now I take 'll whatever I can get .
tr	O	Once she opens a door and finds a room like a workshop .
tr	O	As the darkness from his black eyes fade , turning them blue , his voice is a shattered echo .
tr	I	And usual as , it had been up to him to suggest the activity in the first place .
tr	I	Like me , instance for .
tr	O	Three of the buildings were even taller than the iconic landmark .
tr	O	Its compresses and mills roared with a noisy precision that could be heard throughout Black Oak .
tr	O	However , before I recount that adventure , I must first get a new pen .
tr	I	Steven nodded his head at Bailey and then glanced in my direction before he left the small office , closing the behind door him .
tr	I	Reverend Rice her found in the morning .
tr	O	A series of shivers danced over my skin .
tr	O	For some reason , it made what I was doing worth it .
tr	O	In the midst of getting answers to those questions I was able to cultivate certain abilities during my college years .
tr	I	If Dianna Kelley been had in the crash with his brother , how was she running by him now ?
tr	O	My entire right arm hurt now .
tr	O	We seldom ate in the kitchen , but the worktable would serve this purpose .
tr	O	Not that I was complaining about the ineptitude of those people .
tr	I	I squinted in harsh the daylight , heard another ITS pass overhead , a gentle hum .
tr	I	Do concern not yourself with how I have gotten this money .
tr	I	What had happened over past the week and a half ?
tr	I	He up stands and stretches .
tr	I	SHOW HOW HIM IT FEELS .
tr	I	Grace gaped at him as she the placed bowl in the microwave .
tr	I	But remained they still .
tr	I	After roar the of the diesel and the thump of the music the silence felt absolute .
tr	O	Kelsey 's lips parted .
tr	I	And always has to time look for the best in people .
tr	O	What have you done ?
tr	I	He pulled up the Run prompt on Start his menu and typed a string of characters .
tr	I	The Bursar rose to to reply Curry 's proposal .
tr	O	She unfolded the sheet of paper and two quotes were written there in beautiful slanting script .
tr	I	There always was the paperwork .
tr	I	Emma looked down at her hands , still fighting the to urge sing with happiness and relief .
tr	O	Make you a moving target ?
tr	O	You must whisper it only to yourself .
tr	O	Her hands clutched at the straps , and I had a sudden impression she was holding her breath .
tr	O	Janelle blazed past mailboxes and piles of debris waiting for pickup .
tr	O	Jill pulled me aside .
tr	I	This newfound contentment his in arms was all too short-lived , however .
tr	O	My crying was calmed by my anger .
tr	O	Stealer of the Mother and the Father , let him cry for help until the end of time .
tr	I	Sylvia bustled up to the front of the store and stopped dead she when saw Jo sitting there .
tr	I	He heard another low throaty growl and knew the bear close was by .
tr	I	An expectation that something cold : a hand , or perhaps the even creature 's lips , would suddenly brush my cheek .
tr	I	Throwing my door open brings right it back at me , trapping my foot in the jamb .
tr	O	The face behind the scar looked as if it might have been beautiful once .
tr	O	One male had gotten away with that in the past , but he 'd paid for it .
tr	O	Balancing on her toes , she lightly kissed Greer 's lips .
tr	I	With my lust sated , was I feeling slightly more coherent .
tr	O	I could hardly breath .
tr	O	Morgan would never hurt a fly .
tr	I	I was too gone far already .
tr	O	When you get back to Scotland I mean . '
tr	I	She could use a bit of good luck her in life .
tr	I	Walking ahead , shoulders high , he led their way through the servant and hallways into the party .
tr	O	The wolf scratch wasn 't as bad as it seemed in the desert .
tr	I	We 're just too north far .
tr	O	The worst part was not knowing anything .
tr	I	She kissed lips his to shut him up .
tr	I	A man was defined not by his flaws , but by how overcame he them .
tr	I	She crying was , which we both know is rare for Val .
tr	O	I 've been cast , and I 've already had a drink with him , and we chatted and got along swimmingly .
tr	O	He grinned and hugged me .
tr	I	He dragged his up lips my neck , and then brought our faces close together .
tr	I	They do have special attributes , qualities I ´ never ll be able to match .
tr	I	Make funny a noise and out you pop from your burrow to witness whatever 's taking place .
tr	I	He across rolled to the gathering , on his chair .
tr	O	He still hadn 't removed the mask .
tr	I	Somehow , that worse seemed than him avoiding me at home .
tr	O	Wait for us in Heaven .
tr	O	Every instinct she possessed told her to run and hide .
tr	I	Even if she wanted to risk our business association , her father never would let her .
tr	I	I muttered something stupid about seeing a spider and glared over at Kellan , who laughed and raised his eyebrows suggestively at the mention another of spider .
tr	O	Dax 's face turns into a scowl .
tr	O	She watched as other chutes opened beneath her .
tr	O	She understood how Helen felt and didn 't begrudge her sharing the news with Holiday .
tr	O	The camisole was her bra so she wasn 't wearing anything else underneath .
tr	O	He gestured breezily with his dead hand , like he was flicking away an irritant .
tr	O	Didn 't want to stop .
tr	O	All of the top ten deals had been put together by Emerson .
tr	O	She wanted to find a wall and sink down it to the floor .
tr	I	Trace as stopped well and stood a discreet distance away .
tr	I	Then a young girl came limping on in the arm of a young man .
tr	I	There is a kind of poetry in the selection of a Shadowhunter family ; name combining just any two things into a name is not enough .
tr	I	He emptied it in about swallows four .
tr	I	You kept calling me a stalker , and you were right ; did I stalk you , but for good reason .
tr	O	Matthew laughed , and grinned broadly .
tr	O	You know any others ?
tr	I	I realized with ward my down I could shape it as easily as I always could .
tr	O	Relief shot through her as she spotted the next marker only a mile away .
tr	O	His metaphors were confusing the hell out of me but I guess I got what he was trying to say .
tr	I	Luckily , images the were made of thread and not pictures .
tr	O	' You will be perfectly fine . '
tr	I	Olivia obviously had failed the first time .
tr	O	It felt so right , although it was wrong .
tr	I	The three of them about thought this .
tr	I	My interest is piqued , it but 's not going to happen .
tr	O	For a while there 's just the rush and noise of the water .
tr	O	A year earlier , Declan and I had taken the bus to Central Park as we often did .
tr	O	Vincent shifted uncomfortably beside Colby .
tr	I	They had turned so suddenly from honest , honorable to people bloodthirsty fiends .
tr	I	The weight of her body took them both to tumbling the ground .
tr	O	To tell their past selves what goods would set the fashion ?
tr	O	' With my own parents divorced when I was a child , I didn 't appreciate that traditional courtesies would be expected .
tr	I	He puzzled looked , but nodded .
tr	I	There must been have several hundred people here .
tr	O	We came off the top of the mountain onto a flat area that had a few different little streams and boggy patches .
tr	I	You threw yourself into the water to him save .
tr	O	She loved to ride never having been in a wagon of any sort until Dillon came along .
tr	I	The wind flew in her face , cool and brisk he and felt the joy in her .
tr	I	Tasha cut off the leader 's next with comment one of her own .
tr	I	He paused , waiting for my approval continue to .
tr	I	She pointed to the call below box the buttons .
tr	I	There 's an editorial the in Tribune .
tr	I	Remember soft the climb approach .
tr	I	She takes after you not stopping when even all sense says otherwise .
tr	O	Timothy thinks , shoot , I guess I 'm stuck with that now .
tr	I	' I 've only been to trying protect you .
tr	O	I should have followed them , skipped school and tailed her back to her house , waited until she was alone .
tr	I	James Dean could hear buzzing them as he approached .
tr	O	I 'm flying in next week for a conference .
tr	O	Even though I knew he couldn 't see the light , I felt exposed .
tr	I	I 'd had no clue she would take it this like .
tr	I	Clicking on the icon print , he slid back across the room in his office chair to the printer , flicking the unit to the on position .
tr	O	While they were looking over the last row Tori saw a book that was a little burned with a fire symbol engraved in the side .
tr	O	He 'd been inside her mind , and knew her better than most of his friends , and he valued all that he knew her to be .
tr	I	On the front was obviously an older of picture Justin Weber because he was easily twenty pounds lighter in the picture than he was in real life .
tr	I	Then he went on and on about how great Reece was and how clever his was plan .
tr	I	Dianna picked up phone the and identified herself , listening intently as the police gave her the information .
tr	O	Instead she saw the waters of Lake Lyn , with fire reflected in them as if in the surface of a piece of polished glass .
tr	I	I know I should talk to her more be ... more of a friend or even a fake sister .
tr	O	Maddie could tell she was tall , even folded into her seat .
tr	I	I was tired , and reeling from the knowledge that Joaquim wasn 't one of us , he was of all us .
tr	I	I waited a few minutes poking before my head out of the hole .
tr	I	I beginning was to think it was mostly Jacob .
tr	O	He 'd had to be to claw his way out of his old life and carve out the one he had now .
tr	O	Then there was the matter of the old Indian standing on the bluff .
tr	O	Sometimes Brent surprised Kenny .
tr	O	Ashe got his hair cut and styled at the hotel salon , after insisting that Winkler didn 't need to spend so much on a haircut .
tr	I	A small yellow truck arrived had quietly and was parked near the large bulldozer .
tr	O	She knew Jack sensed the currents , too .
tr	I	He looked at his body , but wasn it 't human .
tr	I	You do what he tells you to do , you say what he you tells to say , understand ?
tr	O	At the first swipe of his tongue , Billie 's hips bucked beneath him .
tr	I	According to the magazine , the of pictures Jackson had been taken recently and my pulse quickened at the thought of Jackson in New York .
tr	O	I 'm man enough to admit it .
tr	I	The big grey cat weighed about thirty pounds , and the impact actually rocked me back enough to my let shoulder blades bump against the door .
tr	O	I opened my door and began to climb out .
tr	I	She had been working at it for quite a while now and regularly joined playing Dillon for the dances .
tr	O	Which seems stupid now , considering that two of the four times I 've seen the man at work it 's been in this very room .
tr	I	He 'd right been , damn him .
tr	O	His face falls and flushes with embarrassment , and I wish he wouldn 't think the worst of everything .
tr	I	Solange the crossed room and stopped in front of me .
tr	O	It made her realize just how desperately all the people who suffered from life needed to be freed from it .
tr	I	The werewolf growled softly as he jerked his head in a quick at nod my words .
tr	I	Leaning over , Madeline for reached it .
tr	O	The parents worked , the children studied at school , grandmother did the housework and the Star of faith shined brightly above them .
tr	O	The connection between them surged like a live current .
tr	O	A lamenting sigh carried from the comm , filling the room .
tr	O	Echo and Song drew their weapons .
tr	I	Dallas glanced me at .
tr	O	He doesn 't get what he created .
tr	O	Thankfully , he doesn 't tease me .
tr	O	Holly 's not going to use any signal on you , believe me .
tr	O	Looks like I 'm on my own , I 've got to get organized better .
tr	I	His body was stiffened by the strings rainbow that from afar , he looked like a wrapped statue .
tr	I	He looked around the with room a raised eyebrow .
tr	I	He his closed eyes .
tr	I	She 's picking Star up at the airport .
tr	I	His closeness , his kindness , and his understanding very erase nearly the upsetting events of this afternoon .
tr	O	She had no choice but to let him go down on her however he wanted .
tr	O	I ask as I don ´ t advance any further .
tr	O	Perhaps for Hugh 's sake .
tr	O	I smiled at him .
tr	O	It 's not an old shirt , you can tell , but purposely like that .
tr	O	He raised his hands and slowly pulled them apart .
tr	O	Time was needed to digest the events and rehearse a briefing to be spoken over the phone .
tr	I	He said when he finally her remembered name .
tr	O	The scratch of her pencil and her intense focus usually eased the stress knotting the muscles in her back and neck .
tr	O	Jake mimicked his posture to look for himself .
tr	O	I straddle him , his arm around my waist keeping me steady on top of him .
tr	O	The space inside me was practically full again .
tr	O	We crossed the giant hall and entered through another set of tall doors .
tr	O	It opened towards the east and the sunrise .
tr	I	Maybe we created a routine new .
tr	O	All thoughts of Kacey 's body vanish .
tr	I	He placed his hand beneath chin her and lifted her gaze .
tr	O	Her eyes stung with tears .
tr	I	But Julie him needed .
tr	I	A pair of cupolas crowned the mansion , along several with chimneys .
tr	I	The maples bare of the Falls Church foothills rose stark against a crisp March sky , but the peaceful setting did little to calm her anger .
tr	I	I punched in him the face .
tr	I	She chokes on a laugh and then lowers her toward head my chest .
tr	I	Balancing the makeshift feast , he padded their toward room , careful not to wake the nanny or Eli .
tr	O	She folded her linen napkin and set it on the table .
tr	O	I told you this morning .
tr	O	I closed the sandwich , wishing I could close that chapter of my life .
tr	I	The FBI sat agents up straight .
tr	O	I could think of only one solution .
tr	I	Nobody spoke much the at dawn service .
tr	O	He reached out to me and I ran to him , letting him envelope me in his arms .
tr	O	Sam felt an odd reluctance to make the introduction , but he shook it off .
tr	O	Lea charged forward , but quickly found out that Payton backed away and threw another left jab at Lea .
tr	O	That was what he 'd said on the boat , wasn 't it ?
tr	I	He 'd done whatever he wanted whenever he and wanted I 'd just been there sitting on the sidelines .
tr	O	Hell , he didn 't feel right about it either , but it would have been nice to feel like she wanted him there anyway .
tr	I	His left hand slipped down to cup her sex , his middle sliding finger through her folds while his bent index finger circled round her clit .
tr	O	The two friends ate their sandwiches and watched the flurry of activity that was a constant in Bath during the summer months .
tr	O	It was all Curt 's fault ; that 's what Wayne believed for many years after the event .
tr	O	There is only one road leading to our cottage and that 's mostly dirt and rock .
tr	O	One look at his face told me that I could .
tr	O	Irene 's eyes flicked toward Grace .
tr	I	Not many guys would that do , especially for someone they just met .
tr	O	The cute girl morphs into the old crone .
tr	I	A wedding present from one the of old Albion housemates .
tr	I	It wasn a 't painting after all ; it was a mirror , reflecting the dingy , gloomy room .
tr	O	A few moments passed of crazy and scary thoughts within each of the guests .
tr	I	He grabbed for device the and swiped it before it woke his slumbering companion .
tr	O	Within minutes a chilled open bottle of champagne in an accompanying ice filled cooler arrived .
tr	O	The town 's named for Davy Crockett , of course .
tr	O	Most of our group laughed at this .
tr	I	The isotopes have a half-life of years 25,000 so they should still be plenty strong even though we have been gone so long .
tr	O	Crisis averted , she thought , as Mike scooped up the original clothing and ducked inside the dressing room to change .
tr	I	The way I said it sounded more a like statement than advice .
tr	O	Meeting my gaze again , he pressed his lips together and creased his eyebrows .
tr	O	I can hear the alarms ringing .
tr	I	Misses Ling took his hand , using it to rise from seat her .
tr	I	She was surprisingly good at organization , Perrin and suspected she was of noble heritage .
tr	I	' So also for who those do not , ' Sleep said , quickly .
tr	I	Off in the distance he could hear a lorry horn 's .
tr	I	His parents had always told that him magic worked in mysterious ways , and would provide the gifts it saw fit for the times ahead .
tr	O	Wings like those of a dragonfly stretched to either side .
tr	O	She parried an imaginary opponent with the dagger and sliced with the sword .
tr	I	He couldn think 't how this could be .
tr	O	He would wonder how one could sleep when in such passionate proximity .
tr	I	He looked up , his body stiffening only slightly , and I looked to see what his caught attention .
tr	I	The abandoned residence smelled of mildew and the sour tinge brine of and dried mud .
tr	I	I would it do again .
tr	O	It probably wasn 't him .
tr	O	After maneuvering the box a hundred different ways , it was finally freed .
tr	O	I pushed that thought away because another was forming .
tr	I	Eris looked at up the archway that curved over their heads .
tr	O	Take it back was more like it .
tr	O	He sipped the thick green liquid , scanned the cabin , then focused his eyes on me .
tr	O	Twilight was beginning to settle over the valleys as the light had long since cast the shadow of the peaks across the eastern landscape .
tr	I	For some , it proved tempting too .
tr	O	Connor looked intently into Maria 's eyes .
tr	O	Appreciation and what looked like admiration glittered in her clear blue eyes .
tr	O	Like most farm houses the front door was seldom used .
tr	I	Stunned that would you think that about me .
tr	O	With a soft smile , she gave a nod before proceeding into the inn .
tr	O	The knowledge softened her heart and beckoned for her to reach out and touch him .
tr	O	The jewels a neighboring country had sent as the wedding present were stunning and quickly the diamonds gleamed on her like sparkling stars .
tr	O	Her mother 's happiness coupled with Dayan 's reassurance allowed the baby to accept the new impressions more easily .
tr	O	And I might just kill her for it .
tr	O	Ryland 's voice whispered over her skin , fluttered in her mind .
tr	I	Etienne what asked I considered a rude question .
tr	O	I had been so consumed by fear and confusion over the last ... well ... month really and I needed to just pause for a minute .
tr	I	It was obvious to anyone with any sense about him that he had suddenly gotten defensive and was primed to defend what was and lawfully rightfully his .
tr	I	I dialed quickly Howie .
tr	I	Like I said , it one 's of those so-called paradise worlds .
tr	I	Whereas was Cole the strong , silent type , Marissa was talkative and outgoing .
tr	O	I slid my tray over to Nick , who devoured the remains of my burger and fries .
tr	O	The hand on her ankle , strong enough to pull her down .
tr	I	The pleasure lasted until their return to courtyard the .
tr	O	That did seem better for flirting .
tr	O	Put a nice big bow on it too .
tr	I	We used process to things together .
tr	O	It appears that these bushes are somewhat improper .
tr	O	But Ruby you can 't just ... Jesse , she said , leaning across towards him .
tr	I	I stay 'll here with some friends .
tr	O	Even so , the fumes rising from the tiny hole were making him woozy .
tr	I	I kissed him again , long hard and and sweet .
tr	O	Wondering the fate of Lieutenant Jack Strong and his longtime sniper .
tr	I	She didn 't have the time or luxury of indulging an in affair with Wade .
tr	I	The branch manager was not keen on asking very questions many .
tr	O	Telling the Russians makes no sense to me .
tr	I	He took out a bag he 'd brought put and the bat in it .
tr	I	Her lithe body slid sensuously him against .
tr	O	The vampire knew her exact location .
tr	O	Colette 's a witch anyway - I hate to admit it , but Ben was right .
tr	I	I said , tilting my head back to stare at the ceiling because I 't couldn look at her right now .
tr	I	Paul wasn 't sure how old the gum was , but he found himself digging for a every quarter now and then .
tr	I	I knew that cruel , frigid from tone anywhere .
tr	O	Josh quickly calculated how long he 'd be forced to live like this .
tr	O	Her heartbeat thundered in her ears as she fiddled with the cabinet door knob .
tr	O	Len 's mother and Bess stayed beside me .
tr	O	Michelle came out into the ballroom to hear what the ruckus was .
tr	I	She pushed with her feet , making the roll chair so that she faced the door .
tr	O	She jumped into Jimmy 's car .
tr	I	She all re-read of the old account books and then started on tax records and her father 's handwritten business notes .
tr	I	Strapped to Zoe 's back were her scythe and the sack she had before stocked setting out .
tr	I	But it only made worse it .
tr	O	He smiled at how I said his name and it made me blush .
tr	I	Joanna couldn stand 't it anymore .
tr	I	As we moved deeper into the network , it didn 't take long to find of evidence Reapers .
tr	O	Dwight Burrows dribbled the ball near half-court until the clock his six .
tr	O	One full of ridiculously sentimental songs .
tr	I	This one almost made it but the breeze off lake the was definitely chilly .
tr	O	She rolled her eyes and stood up to admire herself in the mirror .
tr	I	she asked , that amazed he would want that .
tr	O	Melody could hear the rising anger in her voice , but for once did nothing to lower her voice .
tr	I	- I think I 'm better to already going they -- stood up from the bench .
tr	I	How could be she happy in her crummy little hometown ?
tr	O	I lowered my hands and opened my palms .
tr	I	We hope enjoy you .
tr	I	Then he lifted leather the bag and opened it .
tr	O	Like when you 've taken something , not that I 've ever taken anything - but you know what I mean don 't you ? '
tr	O	The officers calmed the owner by saying they only needed to speak with one individual -- the latest arrival .
tr	I	The sound made sick me .
tr	O	They had merely been passing flings designed to ease a physical craving .
tr	O	They had kept in contact from time to time using email for the last year and a half .
tr	O	I was surprised to discover I meant it .
tr	I	I have searched an for eternity you .
tr	I	Inside , I sat at a booth by myself ordered and bacon , eggs , and toast .
tr	O	Etta had been dead for years and years , and had left him before she 'd died .
tr	I	A few of them wandered into the side of the train only to be knocked to the ground , their severed limbs under the mighty locomotive .
tr	I	Her hair was in rollers she and had green beauty mud smeared on her face .
tr	I	Nick , come and get me , her cried mind again and again .
tr	O	... She squeezes my hand every few steps .
tr	I	The fact only one of his eyes would open , that and was halfway , didn 't help .
tr	I	I out blew an anxious breath as some of my worry went away .
tr	I	I turned lives our inside out .
tr	I	There was no telling what they going were to find when they entered the capital of Fara .
tr	O	Eventually they went away sure they had made a mistake , apologised profusely .
tr	O	So that meant that the chant was just for Draco .
tr	O	Emma roots through the closet as she removes the damp towel from her naked body .
tr	O	In my young mind I wondered , why should the miners not be better attuned to the stars ?
tr	O	The trip was already a success .
tr	O	My ear feels strange , hot and cold at the same time .
tr	I	A great trunk sat its at foot .
tr	I	This my was fault .
tr	I	* * * lunch At time , Danni was the last of her friends to arrive at the front of the school .
tr	I	There descended an uncomfortable silence that Helena felt to compelled break .
tr	O	The Foxes would be banned from the league in an instant .
tr	I	Sean never lets anyone get him to about anything .
tr	I	One might say that at that moment they were fortunate enough not to have souls , because in end the , it worked .
tr	O	He just dropped it on the stage and reached for Jase 's hands .
tr	I	Her eyes slid back fleetingly , he saw rise pink in her cheeks and he heard her heart trip over itself .
tr	O	The one he 'd wanted to bring over and examine Cammie .
tr	I	I don 't what know I would do without Jan. .
tr	O	She should know the kind of man she 'd trusted with her safety .
tr	I	But the wound all healed too soon , sealing shut around the blade .
tr	O	As Emily was tossing her napkin in the trash , Aria touched her arm .
tr	I	Marissa was at already the window .
tr	O	He set his jaw and looked across the room with a steely glare .
tr	O	Just when she picked up her pen again , the animals erupted once more .
tr	O	It fell on some hay and began to smolder .
tr	O	What in the world could he have to show her ?
tr	I	I was still underneath seething .
tr	O	The room erupted into a scramble , and Thor ran for the wall , searching for something to grab .
tr	O	They are all so undeserving of their healthy skins .
tr	O	Jason joins his family and all three share a big hug .
tr	I	Hiro stepped inside with Soul who went instantly to a window seat at the far corner .
tr	O	I slash as it comes down and the stinger flies free , spinning over my head to land behind me somewhere in the darkness .
tr	I	She a takes bite of eggs , then glances up at me .
tr	O	' Thanks to both of them dying , it all goes to me . '
tr	I	Agata frowned , her pale scrunching eyebrows adorably over wide doe eyes .
tr	I	Certainly there dwells something better in me than the appetites that insist my upon eyes and hands .
tr	I	We be can together !
tr	O	The lord 's compassion is worthy only when his empire lives in the pool of woes .
tr	I	Mitchell quietly finished the sentence 'd she been unable to complete .
tr	I	I came on to Abby Winchester when I 't didn have any feelings for her .
tr	O	Cronus slammed his fist against the arm of his throne , ever the petulant child .
tr	I	I 'd ask fearfully ; or something it like .
tr	O	Pirates outside not come aboard because they know we have stupid Zep , yet we can go nowhere .
tr	O	The thought hit her , and she wanted to wilt .
tr	O	Across the road , you 'll find the Episcopal Church , the local medical clinic , and the only bar in town .
tr	I	To George it might as well have been polished a limousine .
tr	O	They didn 't seem like the sort to reject a granddaughter who provided the only connection to their beloved son .
tr	O	No rules , no doing the right thing to please the neighbours and relations .
tr	O	They 'll call for him .
tr	I	He was in a works water of some kind .
tr	O	The crowd was so far well-behaved despite the crisis situation .
tr	O	I shook my head .
tr	O	Then she finally said it . '
tr	I	Both agreed to her follow lead .
tr	O	I snapped the card from the back of the disposable phone and tossed it .
tr	I	Sylvester pulled out a chair the facing dance floor and the jazz trio .
tr	I	She was probably wondering Ariella if had lost her mind .
tr	O	The officer 's eyes went to it and then to me .
tr	O	I stretched out and put my feet out on the table .
tr	O	Frowning , he opened it to find two uniformed police officers standing on the porch .
tr	I	That old cat , already slightly known to Carter , was a dignified maltese ; and prove would highly influential in any transaction .
tr	O	A valet chose that awful moment to walk up to the door and knock .
tr	I	It getting was old , and he was tired of taking cold showers .
tr	I	We have miles many yet to travel today .
tr	O	Miranda asked , before she ran off to the resident facilities building .
tr	I	Whispers dance overhead , the population thieves of making no effort to draw attention , but remaining interested all the same .
tr	O	Just a short time later they ran into the Venn Bahn again , paved at that point .
tr	I	Many years later he went back , this time alone , and he did find indeed another adventure .
tr	O	I found your bag in the tree house and your phone was lying on the ground .
tr	O	Stroke her with softness ?
tr	O	I think I 'll try doing that too .
tr	I	Gray wasn 't in the mood games for .
tr	O	Several tables and desks moved to slam into the walls from the force of the wind and her hair whipped around her face though she kept reading .
tr	O	I took it out and opened it .
tr	O	Zayne took complete advantage , deepening the kiss .
tr	I	He knew hadn she 't been honest with him .
tr	O	' Thanks for the offer . '
tr	I	It was a fair question , of course , Alexia but was too much a scientist to answer in the affirmative .
tr	O	He was particularly smitten with the small expanse of skin around her midriff and her intriguing belly button .
tr	I	Buddy getting was angry .
tr	I	He scratched head his .
tr	I	His khaki slacks were press permanent .
tr	I	The acolytes pushed them forward , keeping moving them .
tr	O	He asked in Italian .
tr	O	It is the moment that stands on the edge of hope and doom .
tr	O	He met my advances with equal enthusiasm , and we stood there kissing for what must have been two minutes .
tr	O	- I don 't know how you describe me in your human language .
tr	I	On the back prominent in black letters it read GOLF PROFESSIONAL .
tr	I	This wasn 't a ; picnic this seemed to be a feast .
tr	I	It was to nice know a beautiful , young woman such as Ray also had some personable , if not bad , habits .
tr	I	I 'd hoped they wouldn 't be by repelled me .
tr	I	Closing eyes my doesn 't help .
tr	I	Maybe spider the was dead .
tr	O	My limbs felt a bit like Jell-O , so I just wrapped myself around him , holding him as tightly as I could .
tr	I	I thought knew everyone .
tr	O	Her white hair hung down around her shoulders .
tr	I	Damn , she hot 's .
tr	O	And yet he persisted until he was upright , with me in his arms , trying to make it to the safety of the mine 's entrance .
tr	O	Oberon broke in addressing Robin .
tr	I	Luckily , I have reflexes cat-like and I catch two coins midair .
tr	I	Justine looks to and Emma nods .
tr	I	One would not forget such a man , but one would to want .
tr	I	She knew she should worn have knee socks instead .
tr	O	Because I 've got big money on the answer being no .
tr	O	I watched it sail into the light , then pop with a silent splash .
tr	I	Ellen pointed the wall ahead ; there were marks fire .
tr	O	What she needed was a serious weapon .
tr	I	When I up came , Rafe 's arms enfolded me .
tr	O	Getting out every morning for a jog , and taking walks with Elizabeth was enjoyable , but she wanted to do something exciting .
tr	I	He rolls his eyes with just enough playfulness to give hope me .
tr	O	But it made me feel the slightest bit better .
tr	I	He murmured softly to in her a mixture of Carpathian and Portuguese languages as she wept in his arms .
tr	O	See the guy just inside the doors , in the hick flannel shirt ?
tr	O	Dana will be okay .
tr	O	Dark umber hair hung in wavy locks over his brow , down to his round collar .
tr	O	Ian kissed both her cheeks and walked off .
tr	I	What was she hoping for her with questions ?
tr	O	She laughed to herself .
tr	O	She reached for the door .
tr	I	Julie from spun where she sat , and once again her body was pressed to Kim 's .
tr	I	The fact that Deb Peter was 's brother 's wife was irrelevant .
tr	I	It 's been his home as for long as I can remember .
tr	O	Follow the river down to the swamp and out .
tr	O	Eliminate them from your life by washing them first from your tongue .
tr	O	Four years ago , he didn 't know why he had been put on trial .
tr	O	I don 't say anything .
tr	I	She an made instant decision : she wouldn 't tell him about the scandal .
tr	I	Which was nice , she to had admit , since it had been a pretty good path .
tr	I	In fact , there were only two species did that survive .
tr	I	When the song ended , Connie stood up clapped and for us .
tr	I	Thank you , Connor Ellery and , for taking care of me all these years .
tr	O	Evie could see she was itching to go outside and talk to Abe , but it was more than her life 's worth to do so .
tr	O	Some days I actually succeed .
tr	O	The first thought that came to his mind cautioned him not to waste time trying to lie to her .
tr	O	There , he touched the fraying white wicker back of the chair beside him .
tr	I	Quickly I pulled them back on , my as stomach turned dangerously .
tr	O	Renna spotted a lab filled with computers and paused .
tr	I	The of pop gunfire brought us both up .
tr	I	At least thought she it was appreciation .
tr	I	Death shouldn 't considered be a dead-end curse ; it 's a door to somewhere else .
tr	O	She pushed away from him , wiping at her eyes .
tr	O	Take your time though .
tr	O	It was light and almost balanced .
tr	I	It was rude to leave the food untouched when he made had the effort to prepare it .
tr	I	Sarah felt their and fear desperation , and it moved her .
tr	O	Death brushed a speck of ash off his robe , and then planted his feet squarely on the mountaintop .
tr	O	But he sensed the cadences of his mind 's voice echo down a long , dark system of tunnels and corridors .
tr	I	' If only we could persuade the government to give us the space to even display a quarter of this .
tr	I	I am the General in Charge of this Project and my only intention is to serve White Eagle , our Guru dear Bird to my very best .
tr	O	James had suffered enough bruises to realize not all of the marks were fresh .
tr	I	I grabbed his hand , yanking it down before he could reveal face his .
tr	I	It was as if admitting his inability to truly accept the realities of her life had marked end the in her mind .
tr	O	Human bones lacked the density of his kind .
tr	I	On her way out the door , she grabbed her purse cell and phone and went in search of her car on P Street .
tr	I	He lifted her and carried her to the bed , the white hair falling from back her face .
tr	O	I start to shuffle backward , with David whimpering in front of me , still under the influence of the serum cocktail .
tr	O	Liz noted the size of the structure and the number of people .
tr	I	Perhaps she had just decided to be Lydia Mason and made herself believe was that so .
tr	I	It still took several him hours , however , and even then our ruse diverted him .
tr	O	I stared at him as I breathed unevenly .
tr	I	I will be in room my , if , well ... ' I nodded .
tr	O	Most nights they could be found drowning their woes among the city 's many inns and drinking houses .
tr	I	His lips were about touch to hers .
tr	I	' He never 'd stick it . '
tr	O	She 'd need Chastity 's raw power if she wanted to survive a confrontation with a dark mage .
tr	O	Waiting by Anakin 's transport wasn 't Obi-Wan at all .
tr	O	He took out butterfly bandages and proceeded to tape up the cut .
tr	O	She remembers the guy was mean ... but his face still didn 't ring a bell .
tr	O	Instantly , his head cocked , and his throat , that thick , muscled throat , was offered up to her .
tr	I	I went down to the bazaar to have look a at some of the shops I haven 't visited yet .
tr	O	And why should he ?
tr	O	Abbey 's hand gripped her knife .
tr	O	Late spring sunshine painted the scene a cheery yellow .
tr	I	And was he lost .
tr	O	The dream wants in .
tr	I	He looked as if he liked vegetables , I put lot a of them in his sack .
tr	I	That was when it his caught eye .
tr	O	The thought quickened her step .
tr	I	Why just not join him again ?
tr	O	As the smoke cleared , Randy peered cautiously inside .
tr	I	I don 't want to go , I want to right stay here and admire the place .
tr	I	Maybe I shouldn 't here be .
tr	I	Tears streamed her down cheek .
tr	I	I hear yell Uriel .
tr	O	You 're putting this shit on me now of all times ?
tr	O	He narrowed his eyes at me .
tr	O	People stuck in their cars got out and ran in terror towards them , then past them while looking strangely back at them .
tr	O	The cure would be greater madness than the disease .
tr	O	It was a favorite pastime .
tr	I	He slid the robe down her arms and she shook it off , leaving herself bare completely to his heated gaze .
tr	O	We had been careful , guarded with our words , right ?
tr	O	I had to admit to myself , it was going to be really hard to get in to the Cathedral .
tr	O	Nor does it require the staging of oaths that appear to deem , to the mind of the simple , one good .
tr	O	I needed to clear my head and hopefully figure out what I was going to do .
tr	O	She leaned back , propping her weight on her elbows to have a better shot of him .
tr	I	' You want to be a musician , you got to join Guild the . '
tr	O	Spring had at long last arrived and the earth burst with green , the snows long since melted and replaced by vibrant carpets of color .
tr	I	I spent long a time in there on purpose .
tr	O	Ze most important day of our lives .
tr	O	Her grandmother gave her a ton of money as a late Christmas present and told her to use it to buy whatever she wanted .
tr	I	Serena surveys her line arbitrators of , her knees going weak .
tr	O	The Brotherhood must be right behind him by now .
tr	I	The road wound around a number of small sand dunes , then dipped down and came out into a small parking area by surrounded large bushes .
tr	I	He was past the point of feeling anything , a even sense of betrayal or fear as he prepared to face his own beloved assassins .
tr	O	This time , it was the bins again .
tr	I	Chewie nosed her knee insistently , shuffling into the circle determined with garbled noises until she couldn 't help but laugh .
tr	I	He track lost of time .
tr	I	At the center of their was gathering a pit of muddy water , about the size of a small lake .
tr	O	I 'm going in search of my father .
tr	O	I vacillate and then follow .
tr	I	He it knew from the way she arched her back off the desk .
tr	I	Rose slid Victoria a sponge cake into a tin and licked raspberry jam from her finger .
tr	I	I 'll find way a to mail it later .
tr	O	Jolene stared at him a moment longer , thinking that he was like the men and women in her unit .
tr	O	He watched as Rick 's aim wavered .
tr	I	But science is a friendly shepherd dog wearing spiked to collar discourage hungry , truth-seeking leopards .
tr	I	He had also driven truck for Bob once or when twice things were slow .
tr	I	He smiled knowing that she take could care of herself when everything looked their worst .
tr	O	Haze 's voice again .
tr	I	I thought really they were from you .
tr	O	The blue around him was replaced by the menacing purple .
tr	O	He must have been robbed himself .
tr	O	The killer knew I was coming to talk to Reed .
tr	O	He became a favourite of everybody .
tr	O	It was a railway up a mountainside and the big guy funding it was one Mister Thaddeus Lowe .
tr	O	Riley 's hand was on her shoulder as they stood at the front door and rang the Morgans ' doorbell .
tr	O	The curtains are that same yellow with green leaves on them .
tr	O	At other people 's parties you 'd hear ELO or 10cc or even Roxy Music .
tr	O	I hopped out of bed , completely unconcerned with the fact that I was only wearing an oversized t-shirt .
tr	I	Jared wasn there 't .
tr	O	I glanced at the sky to avoid looking at her .
tr	O	Michaels felt a pang of irritation at the insult , slightly offended .
tr	I	Your euphemism will you make the first victim in this battle .
tr	I	He 'd let her down the like fool he was .
tr	I	Water poured from every conceivable outlet , creating everywhere waterfalls .
tr	O	Not exactly the best memories to leave her with .
tr	I	If whoever had attacked her really wanted to , he 'd her find no matter where she went .
tr	O	It had caught its prey .
tr	I	She had no how idea to proceed with her dad , either .
tr	I	The wedding ceremony was perfect , even with Ashlynn announcing she had to pee in middle the of the vows , and the reception was even better .
tr	I	He his turned head and looked at every man in the room in turn .
tr	I	But you are a decent person and you once cared Fallon about so you feel the heat , don 't you ?
tr	O	He obeyed the judge 's command and lowered himself to the chair .
tr	I	There was a new fear in her I that had never seen .
tr	I	Is this real for ?
tr	O	But it was Nick 's eyes that haunted him most .
tr	I	She saw the dark stain on shoulder the of his parka .
tr	O	It looked like the trees continued unbroken , virgin forest spreading off to the distance just below a long slowly dropping mountain .
tr	O	But all houses suffer wear and tear .
tr	O	' You could have killed my daughter . '
tr	I	Wake up , do you realize what you said have , what he has heard ?
tr	O	Before she had a chance to brace herself , Vad was off in a mad dash through the woods , raising clods of dirt beneath his feet .
tr	I	Soon Saturday the night dances resumed over the horse barn and Janie enjoyed playing the fiddle along with Mac .
tr	O	Oh , how he needed this woman .
tr	O	She doesn 't move .
tr	I	Chris said as he putting was on his pants .
tr	O	Isn 't that an interesting thought ?
tr	I	With Mister Evans I always felt that was there more going on than I could fathom .
tr	O	They ran away before they could finish the job on you .
tr	I	And yet seemed they aware .
tr	O	Had he not had a tall bed to his back for support , he probably would have collapsed backward from the glory alone .
tr	O	I don 't feel much of anything .
tr	O	I nodded mutely at his words .
tr	I	There was something wrong with Caleb , something and sadistic cruel .
tr	I	The wolf head 's jerked up ; his gaze narrowed .
tr	I	And that at tore his heart .
tr	O	After midnight , the stars fell so numerous as to exceed all expectations .
tr	O	I can 't play this game with you , Irish .
tr	O	Declan retreated behind a small rock and crouched down low to the ground rubbing his hands together charging his magic .
tr	O	The four guards that charged Wells with batons were doing their job properly for the first time .
tr	I	Once the account is opened , Max will to return the bank and get the proper wiring instructions .
tr	I	My has dad money .
tr	O	I didn 't want to disobey him or hurt his feelings by doing what he wished I wouldn 't .
tr	O	This took the best part of the day .
tr	O	It goes out to the side street behind the restaurant .
tr	I	Ryder 't couldn keep his mouth shut anymore .
tr	I	Biting her lower lip , considered she the idea that had occurred to her .
tr	O	Jase glances up to smile at me .
tr	I	You are going to run into a of lot my ex-lovers .
tr	I	He watched the swirl of from flakes his front room window until dusk .
tr	O	At least I hope so .
tr	O	No wonder Simon had grown up so well adjusted even in the mist of time travel and magic .
tr	O	His gaze swept the room .
tr	O	Because you get why crime flicks are a damn good way to pass two hours .
tr	I	Sofie ... was obsessed with me ?
tr	O	She 'd fallen in love .
tr	O	She quickly pulled her shoes and pants off , and the rest of her blouse , so she was just wearing a black bra and black thong .
tr	I	He pulled the curtain in shut front of it .
tr	O	As he did so , the crowd 's boos faded to silence as they realized the injury might be real .
tr	I	Seems we have a who half-sister hates us .
tr	O	Staggering , he made it to his coffee pot which helpfully offered him a mug of steaming brew .
tr	I	She 't wasn going to win , wasn 't even going to sway him enough to have Nathan stay out of sight .
tr	I	Franklin sighed and shook his head smiled then .
tr	I	Her attention was on Jeff Peter and , avoiding Carlo 's eyes altogether .
tr	I	The great Mayan overlord was acting a like toddler having a tantrum -- not so tough now .
tr	I	I play poker with half the of history faculty .
tr	O	Ellie 's silver eyes inched up grudgingly .
tr	I	What next happened astonished her .
tr	O	Stacey 's mom had a thing for wall plug-ins that always made her house smell like a toasty fall afternoon .
tr	I	The went phone dead .
tr	I	When I was fretting about where she lived ( which I had plenty ) this was just what worried I about .
tr	O	I cried out as he scooped me up in his arms .
tr	O	Though her mom always loved the name Caroline , her full name was Rachel Caroline .
tr	I	Steven shrugged this off and decided to trust whatever business his friend needed to in do Phoenix .
tr	I	Would she always be comparing her current to boyfriend that one man who had loomed so large throughout her childhood ?
tr	I	Paige frowned , struggling to recall , giving up after a sliver a of moment .
tr	I	If you would like to this share book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each reader .
tr	O	She is the one always initiating it .
tr	O	She would just have to make certain no one saw her .
tr	I	He let himself out , the locked door , and found a motel to spend the night .
tr	O	At that time she was trying to enslave vampires , much like today , but then she was going after the Council directly .
tr	I	It found her again , working on a different castle at a different place in fields the , alone as ever .
tr	O	By straining his eyes he could barely make out a figure of someone .
tr	O	I nodded , but didn 't attempt it .
tr	I	The last realization made her her catch breath .
tr	I	He captured her fingers , which had been exploring his face , pressing them to lips his .
tr	O	But she didn 't have to see his eyes to know .
tr	I	Tired from worrying about the taking , and definitely tired of worrying Sebastian about .
tr	I	Kevin 's father had been admitted to the again hospital a few weeks back and had willingly gone into a rehabilitation center after that .
tr	O	The hair on the back of my neck rises .
tr	O	It was the first thing that came to her mind to excuse him from military service .
tr	O	She was beginning to fill his dreams , and then she was the first thought on his mind when he awoke .
tr	O	I moaned softly and closed my eyes at the delicious sensation .
tr	O	She would simply live for the moment and accept whatever he could offer .
tr	I	He wasted precious time , stopped and flung over her his shoulder .
tr	I	His weight to seemed calm the horse .
tr	O	He didn 't withdraw .
tr	O	Following the smell of our passing .
tr	O	Abby felt a scream build in her throat .
tr	O	Maybe I 'll contact the Secret Service myself .
tr	O	There 'd been no reincarnation ?
tr	I	A handsome , chiselled face framed with brown waves hair of .
tr	I	She and waved smiled .
tr	O	the older woman asked .
tr	I	Matteo accompanied me to every home game , and heckling the basically stopped .
tr	O	Can 't get more righteous than that . '
tr	O	Usually , I checked the display before even considering answering , but tonight it didn 't even occur to me .
tr	O	She 'd seen what he 'd been like , the sudden change that 'd come over him when his wife and son returned .
tr	I	Kate nodded closed and her eyes .
tr	I	He didn 't realize how much that feeling would to mean him .
tr	O	Like the alcohol is the reason , an excuse to act how they like .
tr	O	Matt came in closely behind him and attempted to place a hand on his shoulder .
tr	I	Ye could a heard clear him across the Clyde .
tr	O	It awed me knowing that he 'd been through so much and still managed to turn into the magnificent , confident man sitting next to me .
tr	I	Looking at her attire , he knew who was she .
tr	I	It looked like the stadium baseball at Fenway Park , but thousands and thousands of years old .
tr	O	I assumed that was the office .
tr	I	She the swallowed next spoonful of warm chicken broth .
tr	O	Slay any of them you find .
tr	O	Gavin moved into her personal space again .
tr	I	Though they 'd made great strides , she and Cotton were still their exploring fledgling relationship .
tr	O	She glanced up and around at him , caught the surprise on his face , and the hint of embarrassment as the room went quiet .
tr	I	Otherwise a bond true is not formed .
tr	O	He looked like a frat boy in his Hawaiian shirt and cargo shorts .
tr	O	The radio crackled into life .
tr	O	Without Jude 's formidable frame blocking me , they , and the menacing looks on their faces , terrified me .
tr	I	My body leaned against one of the booths I as glanced back around me .
tr	O	Not as a mouse , not as a Spaniard .
tr	I	He grinned cheekily again .
tr	O	Stealing from one of the houses was probably the best bet .
tr	I	/ am it doing again .
tr	O	Eve snapped her fingers under Claire 's nose , and Claire jerked so hard she slopped coffee onto the table .
tr	I	I make 'll a stop and see what Marcus has to say .
tr	O	My head jerks up to see Nathan .
tr	I	You know he not 's interested in that woman .
tr	O	They 're the same age , and there 's definitely a spark there .
tr	O	His eyes fastened on hers .
tr	O	Potent , red tendrils of energy commingled with the blue , green , and silver swirls .
tr	O	She was already losing her battle to distance herself from him .
tr	I	But it too was late to turn back .
tr	I	Jacqueline didn 't care ; she just wanted both of out them of this mess without getting hurt .
tr	O	I kept my grip on her wrist , even though she 'd stopped fighting .
tr	I	And that 's what he did : he turned and one took step , then another .
tr	O	The speech was all ready .
tr	O	Her mouth tightened as she read the last few lines of the letter .
tr	I	Finch slid the he file 'd brought in across the table .
tr	I	I don 't think Miss Jennings one way conversations and marathon speeches are rudeness really , I just don 't think can she help herself .
tr	I	He at looked Momma .
tr	I	You come can pick up your phone tomorrow .
tr	I	My son dropped me in off the morning .
tr	O	I don 't have an intelligent reply .
tr	O	Because there it was , cast in the ethereal light of the moon and just visible through the overhanging branches of a mangrove tree .
tr	I	And then Sterling Director showed up .
tr	I	the board had refreshed and platform 14 was glowing luminescent on the board him above .
tr	I	As soon as he 's done with the he person 's helping now , we 'll gp on and get you fixed .
tr	O	The golf pencil Jane had found slipped through her fingers .
tr	O	The words tumbled out of my mouth before I 'd regained my balance .
tr	O	And there he saw , surging toward the west , an enormous mass .
tr	O	I glare at her , that hatred inside me growing and growing , until I 'm nothing more than a pillar of ice .
tr	O	I have not received a call in months .
tr	I	He hadn died 't .
tr	I	And the 's outlaw arms were bound , so he couldn 't put a lot of muscle behind the throw .
tr	I	Jackson studied my a face moment longer .
tr	O	Sitting in her attorney 's office that day , she 'd recognized Grant 's actions for what they were .
tr	I	I sighed and tugged toward Miranda our first period class .
tr	I	He didn 't know he why thought that .
tr	O	Later after the Captain exited her room he noticed the three cadets walking toward him .
tr	O	He wouldn 't accept that no one in his clan had seen Eveline or knew of what happened to her .
tr	O	He felt another leaf inch down his chest .
tr	I	I can every see one of his scars .
tr	O	She didn 't know where his quarters were , but she trusted that there would be a well-worn trail to it from the observation point .
tr	O	Then he slid a rough , careful finger between the molten lips of her core .
tr	O	Was she one of those women who purposefully sabotaged her own happiness ?
tr	I	Several people already are seated , quietly chatting to each other .
tr	I	That was three weeks long away .
tr	I	He at gaped Jalal .
tr	I	Either Dingo or mastiff the was dead .
tr	O	Anyway , they looked rather small .
tr	O	Inside the lobby , Dee dipped from under his arm without meeting his gaze .
tr	O	He didn 't want to go to prison .
tr	O	I was to accompany her , when I had located her .
tr	O	It 's possible that it belonged to her before , back in the time they don 't remember .
tr	O	Then insurance refused to pay a few times , some deductibles weren 't met , and I ended up owing the clinic money .
tr	O	Lea was working with Alonso in the ring , but stopped when she was called .
tr	I	I 'm pretty sure the only on thing March 's mind was squashing Bugs .
tr	O	She looked at me like she didn 't know the answer .
tr	I	Asher gave a us Cheshire cat grin .
tr	O	Forming an overhead canopy of flowers .
tr	I	She a took deep breath , trying to pull her mind back into focus .
tr	I	But you need to understand for that the entire long trip here I kept hearing about The Beast .
tr	I	His mouth fell open and his brows above rose his sunglasses .
tr	I	I back bit a groan .
tr	I	Just in front of her was his car she and could see his two suite cases on the back seat .
tr	I	I 'm glad finally you decided to answer your phone .
tr	I	Whatever the conversation was , it was either over or no longer close enough for to him hear .
tr	O	He closed his eyes and concentrated on the tantalizing scent of meat and spices simmering on the stove .
tr	O	I cocked my head as I rode , ignoring the sound of Daisy 's hooves hitting the earth and Dog 's panting breaths .
tr	I	We barely talked the on way home , and when we got into bed , we slept on opposite sides of the mattress .
tr	I	I answered as I searched my for wand .
tr	I	He turned and noticed that the kids knew the song its and words by heart .
tr	O	I 'm really freaked .
tr	I	Still this - is far inland for one of the horses to come .
tr	I	Mase his threw arm over my shoulders .
tr	I	Not so long as everything savage and inhuman within him was hammering with the demand seek to her out again .
tr	I	He sits up , bringing me him with as he captures my breast in his mouth and gently tugs on the other .
tr	O	He smiled , looking around at the plastic sheds bolted together over our heads .
tr	O	Jordan and four male adolescents were now seated around a ping pong table that served as Jordan 's work desk and dining table .
tr	O	Then the silence came back .
tr	O	He threw some money on my tray .
tr	I	And he yet didn 't .
tr	O	Too many fires to put out .
tr	I	You 're no under obligation to marry me .
tr	O	All of us strap or zip our vests while we walk in silence into the garage .
tr	O	That made everybody laugh , including Rafe who 'd seemed so tense just seconds before .
tr	I	It looked if as it had never been paved , but the wheel tracks were still not filled in completely with weeds and grass .
tr	I	He ducked and ran to the front of our group , consulting Alexei about what we to needed do next .
tr	I	Their would passengers still be back on time .
tr	I	I enough had wits to know he was making fun .
tr	O	Miss Glick sounded a bit rattled over the intercom .
tr	I	Ion raised eyebrow an .
tr	I	Travelers lose will confidence in the safety of Hemisphere Air 's fleet .
tr	I	Not a bird nor insect and stirred he might have thought he was dreaming had he not heard the distant crack of the rifle .
tr	I	Do I bring up it ?
tr	I	Dad definitely different looks than the guy from last night .
tr	I	I figured the boy had gone to group a home or something .
tr	O	Ma Francaise is tres mal .
tr	O	She was the thin blonde compared to her shorter , dark haired friend .
tr	I	Finding her in dead that crate would have damned near killed him .
tr	I	Then , turning , he Choo picked up and vanished with him .
tr	I	He trudged the rest of the to way the prep room , feeling heavy and uncertain .
tr	I	Somehow she managed 'd to make a hmmm sound breathy .
tr	I	If I hadn 't known better , I might believed have her myself - that was how convincing she was .
tr	I	Even if you weren 't a freak , would he never be with you .
tr	I	I him waved goodbye , paying more attention to the rest of my lunch than to his emotional rant .
tr	O	It would 've gone faster if we 'd worked together , but I was still pissed off about the Kleenex thing .
tr	I	Every hundred years He 'd have to do something bigger and greater just to Himself prove .
tr	I	The four sides of tepee the had books piled on small pallets to keep them off the ground .
tr	O	But I get that you want to do it yourself .
tr	I	And although she always 'd wanted to investigate a crime , she 'd never imagined she 'd be part of something like this .
tr	O	It will never be enough , this I know , yet what else is there for me to do ?
tr	O	She sniffled , nodded , hugged him close and held on tight .
tr	I	No point upsetting unnecessarily people . '
tr	I	She hadn 't sounded any friendlier during conversation that than she had the night of the library event .
tr	O	Then they leapt back onto me just in time for me to see that I 'd decapitated two out of the three ghouls .
tr	I	Another hole on appeared the other side of the room and two people fell in .
tr	O	Hopper was amazed such a large man could run so fast and not break a sweat .
tr	I	Cinder 's favorite black cap had found its way to back his head .
tr	I	I hoped there was some truth in legend that .
tr	O	Amber 's heart pounded hard in her chest as the reality of what they 'd done settled around her .
tr	O	She had refused to leave her house or to see anyone .
tr	I	I 't can take it any longer ! '
tr	I	You eat like a bloody sparrow , so you 're no to trouble feed .
tr	O	His heart couldn 't stand the strain .
tr	I	It must have been good a shot , because the dog screeched and fell to the ground .
tr	I	The first had longitudes and latitudes and of some the most accurate maps I could find of A.D. 97 Rome .
tr	O	He was talking very slowly , emphasising every syllable .
tr	O	Reed gave a grunt and turned to leave the platform , the gold slipper still in his hand .
tr	O	As had become her habit , Vicki kept looking over her shoulder , expecting and dreading what she might see .
tr	I	When he pulled away , she gazed into his eyes , to refusing budge .
tr	O	This is a trap we set up away from the front line .
tr	I	Perhaps was Jonas right .
tr	I	The stairwell came out by pool the .
tr	I	I want to find out how he knew Chloe in was the hospital .
tr	O	We barely talked about that night , partly because they caught the guy , but mostly because it made me uncontrollably pissed off .
tr	I	They 'd fed her blood their , tortured and raped her .
tr	O	said Gerald after a while , breaking the silence , which had stretched , heading back to the subject of hope .
tr	I	I felt like cow a being led past a row of butcher shops .
tr	O	They had the same effect on their new male classmates as well .
tr	O	You will practice fighting with magic after you master the basics of combat .
tr	O	I 'm halfway down the hall before I hear Ashley laughing in the doorway behind me .
tr	I	Lawyers in the bunch wanted to talk about the joys of mass torts while pressing to close Ridley .
tr	I	Fortunately , she didn 't notice Beth and Galilee swapping glances amused as she kept up her grumbling .
tr	I	Cole is coming over and is Logan here .
tr	O	Who 'd made her whole in a way she 'd never been whole before ?
tr	O	He had the opportunity to watch Ryan and me grow up .
tr	I	All the kittens ran the from room but one , a tiny grey creature hardly more than six months old .
tr	I	He 'd come to say it had been him who pushed 'd her father beyond endurance , drove him to his death ?
tr	O	We were all heading back there because we thought that is where my dad would be and we would be able to search better there .
tr	I	My mother insisted on having girl the housed in the guest corridor and having the physician tend to her at once .
tr	O	Memories of her had only intensified the void that her touch had somehow managed to fill .
tr	O	All that false bonhomie in the bar ?
tr	I	Even if I did need to grab for my napkin to wipe from juices my chin .
tr	I	I a 'm little bit more .
tr	O	He might even have to go up the great cliff face after that slice of dry bread .
tr	O	A kind of strength .
tr	O	None of the front windows had cracked even though her dad hadn 't lifted a finger to board them up .
tr	I	A pair of flight attendants smiled at him as passed they .
tr	O	That 's what we were supposed to be doing for the last few hours .
tr	I	Had his hands not still shaking been , his jaw still clenched , he would have .
tr	I	Things got overlooked when you only had minutes seven .
tr	I	Paulo and arrived surveyed the room .
tr	I	There 'd been a number hang-ups of recently .
tr	O	That was a start .
tr	I	Rhapsody kept laughing as she watched the small blonde going into a occasionally trance as her imagination ran away with her .
tr	I	' Why would do he that ? '
tr	I	Can you drop the keys off at the book tomorrow store ?
tr	O	I whisper in Kylie 's ear and she smiles in return .
tr	O	I guess you know that it 's not a very big place -- only 500 people in the whole town .
tr	O	It was much the same in the remainder of my classes .
tr	O	The tin motioned towards the envelope .
tr	O	She would suddenly start a seemingly endless round of baking or cleaning or tidying books in the library , which usually meant throwing them away .
tr	I	I hitched my thumb over my shoulder as Josie peeled off the layers of wear winter .
tr	O	Before Rachel could react , the chopper dropped onto the Goya 's deck .
tr	I	So , I arranged the chains and cuffs to look as they had been , construing while means to be free .
tr	O	While he was undeniably tempted , Frank felt sickened by her lack of respect for her husband and her vows .
tr	O	Someone who loved her .
tr	O	So important that as it dawns fully I have to stand up .
tr	O	She scrounged around in the cupboard and managed to find two matching plates and a pair of forks .
tr	I	With lungs and eyes full of tear gas , left we them on their knees coughing out prayers .
tr	O	he asked in shock .
tr	O	The fire was right on top of her , flames only a few feet away .
tr	O	Asher asks , feeling my tension .
tr	O	The Minister pressed the red button on ' The Key ' and the previous roaring sound returned as the massive opening above us began to close .
tr	I	I took a breath deep .
tr	I	She took a deep breath and turned away from him , taking in the stunning view of city the he had from his living room windows .
tr	I	He opened his mouth as if to speak and then a soft came rap at the door .
tr	O	Damien runs his hand along my cheek , down my neck .
tr	I	It felt like spiders were crawling up my arms , and I she knew was to blame .
tr	O	There were two men in the doorway , one tall and one short .
tr	I	I have no of knowledge what I did to provoke them .
tr	O	Bonnie shrugged , wrapping her arms around herself .
tr	I	The whole thing was no more than a stacked decoration atop a very large wagon .
tr	I	But I was going die to with her .
tr	I	I rolled onto floor the .
tr	I	There was point no in lying .
tr	I	One call she and 'd land back in jail .
tr	I	I could have hurled a him hundred yards .
tr	O	The rogue thought staggered Stacy .
tr	O	I wanted to forget it all .
tr	O	Finding none , Xander settled for words that would at least soften the blow .
tr	I	Whispering demons try to steal our lives and all the have angels prying eyes .
tr	I	Sure , they might find someone who saw him leave car the , but what then ?
tr	O	Marty leaned over , bracing his stiff hands on his thighs , right above his knees .
tr	O	I wondered if the rose represented her as well , but I couldn 't ask .
tr	O	He said I could stay at his place for a while while I figured out what was best . '
tr	I	Pain me hits everywhere .
tr	O	Multiple assignments in a single day had become something of a rarity for me as of late .
tr	O	His voice dropped a little lower .
tr	O	I saw it in him during my interview .
tr	O	You think some guy just wants to shoot me to watch me die ?
tr	I	I shuddered to think of that what first death blow would be like .
tr	O	He had not studied English very hard at school but he kept it up as a hobby .
tr	I	What in the hell was with wrong me ?
tr	O	He squeezed her hand firmly and smiled over at her .
tr	I	One of my friends , Brady Metzger the from football team , asked me to join because they needed help .
tr	I	A primitive growl escaped him , his hold on me tightened as running approached footsteps .
tr	O	Obviously , someone had been wrong .
tr	I	But she there was .
tr	I	It was a different experience from Kaylie being 's older , biological sister .
tr	I	His came hand over mine .
tr	I	Now he 's taken to dotting back and forward Partick to every five minutes across the Govan Ferry .
tr	O	Chris tilted and stretched his head to the center of the vehicle singing along with the high notes .
tr	I	There was something about fantastically handsome burly men in uniform looking for out you that had to make any girl swoon .
tr	O	Aren 't games designed as free childcare ?
tr	I	The gate , however , was not more than half a mile from where I settled had in .
tr	I	That 's he where had looked .
tr	I	As the plane landed , thought Jon again about his family , and felt that old familiar dread creeping through him .
tr	I	I stood up and turned as around he pulled down his boxers , and I watched in fascination as his cock sprang free .
tr	I	All it took was for him to approach punter another , and offer to help them unload their furniture .
tr	O	There 's WILD , where you go directly from wakefulness to a dream state .
tr	O	Everyday for all I care , I 'm not joking .
tr	I	I turned around pulling my eyes from car the .
tr	O	He didn 't give up , and now Prudence was his wife along with being his sub .
tr	O	They had adult matters to discuss .
tr	O	He 's very concerned for him in fact .
tr	O	Ted Durkin ushered them to an opened door on the left hand side .
tr	O	We 'd grown comfortable with each other .
tr	O	What if Miranda or Katie saw him ?
tr	I	Of course there 't wasn anything else .
tr	O	Edwin stood directly in front of the Mercedes and waited .
tr	I	To take her head between his hands and hear a satisfying crack just to shut her up , but was that for later .
tr	I	If he couldn 't win a football game by playing on the field , he 'd do by it coaching on the sidelines .
tr	I	Shutting my eyes to block out any distractions , I created new a image .
tr	O	I raise my voice .
tr	O	I didn 't even know if Sam was home , but I walked out of the house and neither vampire tried to stop me .
tr	I	She 't wasn interested in dating and definitely held no desire to get married .
tr	O	From there on out , it was drugs and booze for them , and the most disreputable friends .
tr	O	Why didn 't she wear her rings ?
tr	O	And he doesn 't need anything from me .
tr	O	His heavy scent hung in the air like smoke though he was nowhere to be seen .
tr	I	She overlaps her and hands sets them on the counter .
tr	I	I feel a bit by overwhelmed everything , but the excitement of what we 're undertaking keeps me motivated .
tr	O	As her blood became ignited in fiery passion , she began to gyrate her hips against him seeking her release , nearly desperate to have it .
tr	O	Eleanor pushed the memory book aside .
tr	I	I blinked and looked him at .
tr	O	Rex aimed a rueful look at me .
tr	I	She a flicked glance at Colin that plainly said it was selfish of him .
tr	I	I got 've a back up plan .
tr	O	That there wasn 't another man she was thinking of at this moment .
tr	O	Miles found the trail through sheer luck .
tr	I	- Jamey need You to get your dick wet .
tr	O	Five minutes into the ride to her apartment , Anya knew she 'd made a good decision .
tr	I	There 's no way I could stay in for here more than 20 seconds .
tr	I	Check date the though .
tr	O	Then : And even if I can 't , I have to .
tr	O	In fact , he was the happiest man alive .
tr	I	I 've arranged it so your annual stipend match will your current salary .
tr	O	' Yes , sir , I had it made . '
tr	I	This place was to magnificent look at inside and out .
tr	O	She laughed , and looked at him with her big green eyes .
tr	O	It was obviously not perfected .
tr	O	You were my friend .
tr	O	Like letting spiders live because they eat mosquitoes , Clary thought .
tr	O	She looked from one adult to the other .
tr	I	I slowly made my way around the dark room , surveying the carnage 've I created .
tr	I	I drove out of neighborhood his and to a business parking lot , where I dictated an update on his file .
tr	O	Too rational for a riddle , too many maybes .
tr	O	Duncan threw me out of the way .
tr	I	Claire glanced down Monica at 's hand and raised her eyebrows .
tr	O	The guards stepped back and brought their spears to the ready as the door swung open .
tr	I	So ... what was problem the ?
tr	O	And the thought of being on the receiving end of that made the temperature seem to rise a few degrees .
tr	O	The door before us swung open , and a man appeared in the darkness .
tr	I	He didn 't why know , his opinion rarely helped things .
tr	I	She was really going to like here it .
tr	I	Time to imagine food some here .
tr	O	I drove to the police department , which is housed in a former drugstore a couple of blocks from the center of town .
tr	O	I just want the boat we spent the last three years building .
tr	I	Sarah exchanged glance a with Walter , and then despite the desperate desire in her heart , she pulled up short , waving him on .
tr	O	Derek shrugged , attempting nonchalance .
tr	I	The horse ( neither of them noticed ) shifted slightly closer , its ears up alert and .
tr	I	That explained it , and Susannah was more a than little offended by this cozy sharing of private information .
tr	I	He stumbled when he was pushing off the ledge , failing to get the momentum or height needed he to clear the rocks .
tr	O	The table you were occupying at the Bar Why Not was bugged with two microphones .
tr	O	There 's a dim glow from the lamp beside my bed , but that 's all .
tr	O	Suddenly , sex was as far from Georgie 's mind as the possibility that one day she 'd turn thirty .
tr	O	Oh , my God , I 'm going to be sick .
tr	I	Hafiz was the one almost who always picked up her tab .
tr	O	His eyes dart as he talks , as if he 's searching for a way to fix all of the problems .
tr	O	I was going to confront him , ask all my questions , and demand answers .
tr	O	I hope to teach at a university and continue my research .
tr	I	And so it as went we walked , Fiona and Amelie drilling me on every trivial detail they could think of .
tr	O	After the chancellor answers each question , the challenger can attempt to supply a superior response .
tr	O	Just , you 've really bowled him over .
tr	I	Aria had really never understood rain until she 'd come to outside the .
tr	O	One led to a valve lever on the clerk desk .
tr	O	Before long the woman was back .
tr	O	Bowden fortunately took this without anger , but he shook his head .
tr	O	Rashid climbed on his horse and rode in the opposite direction , winking at her over his shoulder moments before he disappeared into the woods .
tr	I	Rory gives Jack a fist bump fishes then his notepaper and pen out and starts jotting down notes .
tr	I	Geary straightened up to stare at taller the woman .
tr	O	I put out more Spirit .
tr	O	Maybe my parents misunderstood and the humans were uniting to kill all the Rosa Reboots .
tr	I	Without me this had story , at least in the end , probably would have been quite different .
tr	I	Sometimes it was if okay life wasn 't entirely in her control .
tr	O	But he gave her no mercy .
tr	O	And , two , I actually kind of wanted to go home with him .
tr	I	At the police station , the man plastered smile a on his face .
tr	O	He knew the man would be gone before long .
tr	O	Then they rounded the last corner and Connor switched off the flashlight .
tr	O	He rushed to the top of the fallen tree trunk and cast his cloak back .
tr	I	She picked up Gate the and set it on the pedestal .
tr	O	Not sure whether to sigh or smile , Claire pulled her iPad onto her lap and began searching for apps .
tr	O	Thank God she hadn 't stumbled on anything worse .
tr	I	That was where the belt come would off .
tr	O	She was almost relaxed when Ethan told her to kneel so he could pray over her again .
tr	O	It made him involuntarily cringe just a bit .
tr	I	Ponder looked down at thing the they had hammered together . '
tr	I	The way he said it brought Andrea again back .
tr	O	come on Katherine adults can 't just blame a tough childhood for their crappy adult behavior .
tr	O	Was she repeating her mother 's mistakes ?
tr	O	She speaks in Latin so fast it sounds like one long word , while her hand is spooling my hair around something in her hand .
tr	I	I still didn 't believe her , but I intrigued was .
tr	O	Sasha skimmed the draft and immediately got lost in all the strikeouts and inserts .
tr	O	Fury gave him a sinister smirk .
tr	I	He clutching was a large stuffed bee that Helen had retrieved from the Institute when the Clave had gone back to search the place .
tr	I	The poor baby had it gotten from her .
tr	O	But we weren 't good men or good women back then .
tr	I	Josh 's sank heart .
tr	O	He took in a deep , cold breath and screamed for as long as he could .
tr	I	Someone asked her if she was okay ; she dismissed question the with a curt nod .
tr	O	Nobody wants to talk about it .
tr	I	' I 'll just sleep in my then car , ' I concluded angrily .
tr	O	She had never even considered it .
tr	I	It would be to insane purposely subject himself to that .
tr	I	A deep voice over came the speaker , and as if a switch had been thrown , the pilots stopped their bantering and turned toward the monitor .
tr	O	I glance at her and immediately look away because the sight of her causes strangling pain .
tr	O	There was an electric guitar introduction to a basic rock beat that highlighted the vocals .
tr	O	Just as I stand to stretch them out , the hollers and stomping feet of a large body of people echo through the halls .
tr	I	The butler 's joints creaked as he served the first course to countess the .
tr	I	He 'd be repulsed if she were to tell Karl really what happened .
tr	O	He paused to make a small gesture in the general direction of the woods , then headed back inside .
tr	I	While they were very all nice to look at , not one of them was the girl I was thinking about .
tr	O	So she held out her hand and pulled him to his feet .
tr	I	I peered over at him as I continued tossing my beach day must haves into the bag , gauging to see if he serious was .
tr	I	And I had to hire a detective private , who found out you was the one corrupting her mind .
tr	I	His Collar had stopped sparking , but Misty saw the dark marks it had left his on neck .
tr	O	The doorbell rang and her heart stopped .
tr	I	It is I all know .
tr	I	The line dead went .
tr	I	He looked down , and it was then he realised the movement was from coming below them .
tr	O	That was good information but it didn 't gladden my heart .
tr	O	It involved a lot of ignoring one another and simply making sure we didn 't put ourselves in tempting positions .
tr	I	he asked , not mentioning color her comment .
tr	I	The one who radiates presence may but be hard to live with .
tr	I	She will forgive me ... and set free me .
tr	I	Mia and Ryan watching were him again , and they were safe , but Sara was still worried about what the Smoke had said to her .
tr	I	When they broke apart both they seemed at a loss as to what to say or do next .
tr	I	I tried following them once but I felt I could barely walk steps two without feeling the weight of the leech pushing down .
tr	I	They spotted us and began in running our direction .
tr	I	Just as said Alonso , the next day was given to Lea and she decided to spend her time in her apartment .
tr	O	She waved her hand , silencing him before he could speak .
tr	I	I shook head my .
tr	O	It was moist , succulent and exactly the kind of fare that would appeal to the locals .
tr	O	I sort of wanted to punch him in the face for even suggesting that .
tr	I	He was naked , a draped sheet over his middle .
tr	O	She was so tender with him .
tr	O	Our research was steadily picking up , and we were branching out into new and unknown territory .
tr	I	Jennie showed her warrant card and introduced herself and asked for either or Dick Gema Mason .
tr	I	My wolf howled , with angry me .
tr	I	The couch where I slept had been replaced by overstuffed two chairs .
tr	I	Either she was crazy or was Damien .
tr	I	The hair color couldn be 't different .
tr	O	Where will your sorry take me to ?
tr	I	Time to get in deeper Sloane with .
tr	O	Same with second degree .
tr	O	Something was swimming in the liquid .
tr	I	His young , boyish face and blond features attractive were enough to be on television , but only during day-time television .
tr	I	Wulf moved with lightning to speed scoop her up into his arms before she fell .
tr	I	There were no windows in back the compartment .
tr	O	He 's hoping that once you 're well , I can take you to see him .
tr	I	Seeing as how he had the maturity level of a five old year , he stuck his foot out again .
tr	I	I wasn going 't to .
tr	O	His step-dad was getting a gift certificate from a popular sporting goods store .
tr	O	Both of the Lizards spun in a circle sweeping out with their tails , knocking the enraged Spider down the central shaft .
tr	I	I fake smile a .
tr	I	You will face each other in duel a .
tr	I	I was embarrassed humiliated and , without being able to figure out exactly why .
tr	I	I promised to get them out all .
tr	O	Jackson thought of himself as more than just a partner to Paris .
tr	O	I pull it to mine , stealing the last drops of chocolate from his knuckle with my tongue .
tr	O	Ashe didn 't have many listed in his email address book so he set about transferring those to a new email address and deleting his old one .
tr	O	I heard a chair scrape out .
tr	I	My got parents me this during a trip to the museum .
tr	I	Do pretend I it never happened ?
tr	I	As I writing was more I prayed that my pen would not run out like last time .
tr	I	It chased away the darkness of what I 'd heard just .
tr	O	Now I was sure she was drunk .
tr	I	It was not going be to forever , in any case .
tr	O	This is her wedding , for heaven 's sake .
tr	I	On the end north of the square was the magistrate 's office , with its hammer painted large on the outer wall .
tr	I	Of course , he had written his down biggest fear as being something silly , like bankruptcy or spiders .
tr	O	Aubrey had that child on the brain .
tr	I	He was talking fast and I wanted to stop him and ask questions , frustratingly but , my mouth remained sealed .
tr	O	Kellar suggested , folding his arms across his chest .
tr	O	Ty asked in confusion .
tr	O	Johnny felt frustration building .
tr	O	Preston wasn 't that person .
tr	I	His tongue licked skin her from neck to cheek and she held her breath .
tr	O	CHAPTER TWELVE Eric 's human brother-in-law was smart , practical , and not easily intimidated , damn him .
tr	I	He walked over it to and went up on the porch .
tr	O	The pain you experience is can actually be a manifestation of ' Buddhist Mercy . '
tr	I	And love definitely , But protection ?
tr	O	A beautiful summer evening .
tr	O	He was almost upon them now and as one they turned and looked at him .
tr	I	He was always reviewing the four other , and every so often , telling them where they needed to improve .
tr	I	Want make to me feel better ?
tr	I	She was torn , she said , between wanting to protect and Claire her sense of duty to Miss Peregrine .
tr	O	But I 'm happy .
tr	O	He had kinks in his back from carrying the backpack that were bugging him .
tr	O	Clary 's eyes burned .
tr	I	I doubted anyone ask would .
tr	I	You imagine the thunk satisfying of metal hitting skull - No .
tr	O	She was silent throughout but then with a sudden high peal of laughter a great smile spread across her face .
tr	O	I circle around , stand beside him .
tr	I	You 've been the Mayor for officially three minutes now .
tr	O	Easy for him to say .
tr	I	Renton had taken a progressive dislike to this man and openly challenged inference his .
tr	I	She had been crying since the moment he the opened door .
tr	I	Julia a breathed sigh of relief .
tr	I	He was being so unfair , pressuring her this like .
tr	I	The sapphire blue dress skimmed along her figure , not being too obvious but giving a hint what of might be beneath .
tr	O	I blushed , embarrassed to have been caught devouring his pillow with my nose .
tr	O	His own daughter , betray him ?
tr	I	She opened even her eyes .
tr	I	Playful blue eyes glinted their amusement as he watched us in dance the middle of the living room .
tr	O	And she was no longer a bounty hunter .
tr	I	do I really have to go on this with ?
tr	I	Eli joined discussion the half-heartedly .
tr	O	Paolo hardly ever took his sorrowful eyes off Sally .
tr	O	Bobby simply pointed over to his vehicle .
tr	I	The sound set his teeth on edge , and Rex almost they wished would simply burst through the door instead of taking their time .
tr	I	She smiled up at him felt and the strangling knots around her heart loosen a little for the first time in years .
tr	O	The voice comes from the circling wind .
tr	I	I 'm his using lines too , telling Patrick exactly what Chris has said to me about Elmore Leonard .
tr	O	There was still something nagging and dragging between us , but I was loath to bring it up .
tr	O	So perhaps his anger was a lot like my shyness .
tr	I	My mind set was .
tr	O	I had her around the waist , feeling her stomach muscles contract several times before she could straighten up .
tr	I	He walked to the and door locked it .
tr	O	The laughter didn 't stop .
tr	I	Royce sat down on the of edge the bed facing Billie .
tr	O	She went to the living room to retrieve the lap blanket , which she brought to the kitchen and draped over Sharon 's shoulders .
tr	O	We literally just met and he can 't read minds so the whole idea is absurd .
tr	O	A healthy green salad just like mother used to make !
tr	O	But just as soon as we were moving to where I wanted to go , Clay pulled away .
tr	O	Under one of the flowering dogwoods in the school yard stood his sister , Kady .
tr	I	The emperor is a not god .
tr	O	Well , maybe on TV at award shows , but never in real life .
tr	O	Thinking of him now , she briefly wondered if he 'd uncovered any new pieces of information .
tr	O	He tended to speak too quickly for most of his colleagues , particularly Superintendent Moss , and was often reminded to slow down .
tr	I	When he didn 't move right away she hopped off the bed and gave him a shove , sending him back tumbling into the pillows .
tr	O	And then she remembered his late wife .
tr	I	He sent someone when he to wanted communicate with Mr. Horne .
tr	I	Thursday October 04th 1984 ' Oh God , look at the time . '
tr	O	I have heard his story .
tr	O	The band followed the technician round the side and to the back of the stage .
tr	O	Maddy lowered her hand , as though Edwin had given his answer .
tr	I	Embarrassed at how almost she sounded jealous , Kylie shook her head , but she couldn 't stop from continuing .
tr	I	I think not , so could you ask your friends if they know her , if not , they ask their too friends and so on ?
tr	O	Destiny gestured rather helplessly with her hands .
tr	O	The coincidence was too coincidental .
tr	I	Every other Tuesday Beth and Cindy had to eat lunch the at cafe ; together .
tr	I	Her arms wound around his neck , tongue her greedily thrusting into his mouth as she pressed herself against him .
tr	O	He shook his head slightly and looked over my shoulder before again returning his gaze to mine .
tr	O	All in the same boat .
tr	O	I slow down more , batting her hands away and pulling in .
tr	I	Beneath the trailer it is dark , but all the around sandy white concrete in the midday sun glares brilliantly .
tr	I	Bill clicked on the message , needing to remember to mark the unread message when he was done .
tr	O	Shark , Sharmila and Dervish haven 't moved .
tr	O	Her legs kicked briefly , she seized hold of the other limb .
tr	O	Contrary to the ways of their ancestors , these young elves preferred weapons of steel to wood .
tr	I	Adri took carefully it .
tr	O	A thousand memories flashed through his head when he saw her .
tr	I	But I couldn 't make it float to surface the of my mind .
tr	I	He studying asks my empty hands .
tr	O	I woke up unsettled a few times in the night .
tr	O	I kept my eyes closed and silently cursed them all .
tr	O	The little man himself was spruce in his new style , tweed with waistcoat , brand-new shirt , shoes shined like mirrors .
tr	O	I rolled up the papers into a tube and thumped them against my leg , thoughtfully .
tr	I	She an raised eyebrow .
tr	O	Beck asked the professor .
tr	O	A table held runes and weapons , and a tall glass case held an egg made of gold , enamel , and precious stones .
tr	I	Graham smiled the at profanity .
tr	O	He gave an exasperated sigh .
tr	I	She was serious , and she was seriously holding me accountable for second every longer she had to wait .
tr	O	She had a hard time biting her tongue literally and figuratively .
tr	O	His touch was incredibly tender and gave her that strange sense of security .
tr	I	Everything in this house was his because it all had been for show .
tr	O	Clary sat bolt upright , scrabbling for the seraph blade she kept on her bedside table .
tr	I	Her was head throbbing .
tr	I	He a takes step closer to me .
tr	I	What if he was being honest and wanted nothing than more the mine ?
tr	I	At least 's he looking after us .
tr	I	There followed an awkward silence as Kathy was unsure what do to from here .
tr	I	He took her hand in his as she passed over a stile in the fence , and touch the was familiar , natural .
tr	O	I switched on the local news .
tr	O	Adults really aren 't a fan of this . '
tr	I	I press myself against the silent , stone clean .
tr	I	With effort , he made it to the refrigerator , saw the of containers blood there .
tr	I	He his inclined head , trying to coax Aly from where she peeked out behind me .
tr	I	CHAPTER 23 ADRIAN IF EDDIE WAS THE DRINKING TYPE , 'm I pretty sure he would 've joined me at a bar .
tr	I	Chris knew that Angel was comfortable in element her here .
tr	O	His chest rose and fell and his tongue darted out to run along his lower lip .
tr	O	I just wanted one single bath to myself , but that was impossible .
tr	O	It was part of Louise 's slip , an old one that she 'd torn up and thrown into the rag box .
tr	O	She 's Sophie 's twin .
tr	O	I do not know where this will lead but I know it will not be good for your people .
tr	O	Maybe she 's getting better .
tr	I	It was ego , he forced himself admit to .
tr	O	she asked in Russian , desperate for information .
tr	I	Trying not to move my head , my strained eyes to the left to catch Julian 's face .
tr	O	She released a heavy sigh , like she was trying to make a difficult decision .
tr	O	Billy turned , shielding the ball with his body , and quickly tapped the ball back to Brett , who then passed it further back to Tim .
tr	O	I suppose I am the crux of yours and your allies ' story .
tr	I	I 'm sure lawyers these here wouldn 't mind passing the plate .
tr	I	Rose was there , berating a disgruntled Riley looking .
tr	O	She couldn 't remember his name .
tr	O	With a pained whimper , it collapsed and vanished into millions of musty dust particles .
tr	O	Her fist closed around the cords around my neck , and she pulled , nearly choking me in the process .
tr	O	I swam and I swam until my ninety minutes were up .
tr	I	The first boat doesn leave 't until morning for our journey .
tr	I	Sasha narrowed his eyes at the women self-centered .
tr	O	Well , minus the whole running thing .
tr	O	So you might not be able to reach me .
tr	I	I was a very thin , transparent of piece skin , everything going right through me .
tr	I	Jane couldn 't remember last the time she had seen Jake Crawford and didn 't expect to see him anytime soon .
tr	O	She thought of Charlotte then .
tr	O	He looked quickly away , toward the mayhem of the hall .
tr	I	Alec walked out , buttoning a pair of soft jeans himself , leaving the top button undone while searched he for a shirt .
tr	I	Cleon and Todd stopped having to refill dispensers ticket quite as regularly .
tr	I	She rose from the bed and smoothed her skirts , wishing she didn 't so look bloody awful .
tr	I	Being king sure seemed to involve running around in the dark lot a .
tr	I	Orange backlit shadows danced on walls the .
tr	O	she asked again , and wonder of wonders , she was less hostile .
tr	O	It was like a tunnel through wild roses , shrubs and young and very old trees .
tr	I	She had quite the set balls of on her .
tr	O	A man to whom everything mattered deeply .
tr	I	Said George as dragged Charlie him away .
tr	O	She led me down another street , and at last she stopped in front of a two-story building with a 23 stenciled and spray-painted near the door .
tr	I	Their raids had never taken them as far south as Shem , and this daughter of Shem made no distinction between Aesir , Vanir Cimmerian or .
tr	O	I handed him the pictures of the stained glass window .
tr	O	As he began to make his way over , Stuart called out , ' Thanks again . '
tr	I	Luke put one on hand the back of my neck and the other on my waist .
tr	I	What does mean that ?
tr	O	He sat down next to her on the couch again .
tr	I	' As other any day ... ' ' The Day today ... name Your Price ... ' ' My Price ? '
tr	O	They 'd be good together .
tr	O	He rose and made a lovely bow to his sister .
tr	O	- she couldn 't stand the thought of not getting it .
tr	O	He wouldn 't dare dress up in such ridiculous attire !
tr	O	I hold no allegiance to them .
tr	I	The guy had a breastplate that gleamed , and muscles huge in all the right places .
tr	O	I gasp , and try to look back at him , but I can 't see him very well .
tr	I	On Miranda Thursday even left after lunch without Joan to go to their next class .
tr	O	he said , licking his fork , in a way she hated .
tr	O	My baby sister sitting in the shadows of the building looking scared and angry kills me .
tr	I	he cried in outrage , his body shaking fury with .
tr	O	It 's never personal with them .
tr	O	They all gathered to sit at the bar in the kitchen while Rio fried up hamburgers .
tr	O	Eleanora was speaking without any enthusiasm ; she seemed uninterested and bored .
tr	O	Honestly , she was still surprised her mom had packed up everything and moved out here .
tr	O	If the same thing happened as happened to Alice herself , the waking nightmares would soon be coming on .
tr	O	Phillip asked while turning his head around to get a better look at his mate .
tr	O	I replied with a full smile .
tr	I	The safest course was surely to stay of out the way .
tr	O	He edged his fingers down to the neckline of my shirt and teased at the skin .
tr	I	Wandering the barren prairie alone , he might die thirst of or starvation before ever finding a village .
tr	O	Maybe things would have been different .
tr	O	Until Connor began shifting around , looking bored and antsy .
tr	O	Michael led the legion , his wings a mere glowing blur as they cut across the dark clouds .
tr	I	Lulu grinned , showing off her tiny teeth and pink bright gums .
tr	O	Digging in his pocket , he pulled out a black velvet box .
tr	O	They get to take two percent a year , right off the top .
tr	I	Maybe professor the is our guy .
tr	I	' Not for me , I afraid 'm .
tr	O	Cassie 's heart swelled within her chest .
tr	I	The man young lost his smile and gently nodded his head .
tr	I	Did he really enjoy around puttering the house , cooking , and cleaning for others ?
tr	O	Then why had she conjured up Josh 's face when Buddy was spouting that silly horoscope ?
tr	I	Speech patterns crazy : !
tr	I	She knew he could hear her pounding heart .
tr	O	He had to get out of here before he snatched Isaac and ran .
tr	O	He shook his head .
tr	I	Great , this is how he 's to going make me cry .
tr	I	Arrow and Mika the did same .
tr	O	That 's when I hear footsteps .
tr	I	It looked innocent so in the bottom of her purse .
tr	I	* * * Later that evening , Garrett opened his front door just as the phone began to ring .
tr	I	With twist a and a choking howl he landed sideways on his paws .
tr	I	Cash was way too into Fiona to take a turn , so Christopher and I decided to start another round , another on twenty the line .
tr	O	He nudged her gently with his shoulder , and Bonnie melted .
tr	O	Gon na make the humans scream .
tr	O	This time he was all in , heart and soul .
tr	O	It quickly grew damp .
tr	O	She grabbed his card from the window sill and clutched it , crushing it to her heart .
tr	I	It was some time before she to came , her breath so racked and shallow that she could barely focus .
tr	O	When I felt a soft tap on my shoulder , I turned slowly around to see Alexa standing behind me .
tr	O	I 'll take you back to town in a few minutes .
tr	O	The two who had come through the door looked at one another .
tr	O	Had she ever cared at all ?
tr	I	It creaked and groaned it as tried to pull back to closing .
tr	O	Waving to each soldier as they ride past , smiles and tears can be seen as the town 's people show their sincere appreciation .
tr	O	So don 't look to me for respect .
tr	I	His relaxed stance had and changed tension seemed to roll off him .
tr	I	That 't didn sound right .
tr	I	Why check the backups now that were they leaving ?
tr	O	Echo 's mind went to Shimmer and she almost sat up again with excitement as they connected with each other .
tr	O	Do you understand me ?
tr	I	Who silence knew could be so loud ?
tr	O	He 's ready to give up the ghost .
tr	I	I take off my belt then slowly pull my down zipper , watching her eyes .
tr	O	Except for a few screaming matches between my mother and father and me .
tr	I	Scott with gestured his thumb toward the front door .
tr	O	He shrugged his shoulders , glaring up at me and Jackson .
tr	I	The man conjured quickly a fire orb , prompting his companions to conjure orbs of their own .
tr	I	It happened just to be a topic of conversation that had come up before on two or three ( or maybe a few more occasions ) .
tr	I	Trent 's plans for Hightower would Aviation never get off the ground if his family didn 't quit making asinine decisions and drawing negative publicity .
tr	I	Rosie thought perhaps he had an had early night .
tr	O	' He 's full of ideas , your Max . '
tr	I	There was nothing to be seen , however , beyond a of lot gorse bushes and the patch of trees .
tr	O	Walt rubbed his eyes with both index fingers .
tr	O	That noise hadn 't been her imagination .
tr	I	Chilly air caressed my cheeks soothed and some of the burn .
tr	O	He wasn 't even sure she could feel him right now .
tr	I	Roar a waved hand .
tr	I	Panic flushed body her as her heart began to race .
tr	I	It was time game .
tr	I	Maggie moved closer in to my side .
tr	I	They were the times that made life more just than a routine .
tr	I	It sent the message to base his in Ohio .
tr	I	She tried to the start car with her hand crank .
tr	O	But that doesn 't mean there is nothing we can do .
tr	O	She couldn 't focus .
tr	O	He 'd laugh and do exactly that .
tr	O	Who was he working for then ?
tr	I	Not even the intact graves were quiet as if coffins the within were thumping and rocking , trying to get out .
tr	I	Yes , that was of part it .
tr	I	He stroked my face his with hand .
tr	I	It was apparently foregone a conclusion that she belonged in Severance 's tent .
tr	O	Yet deep inside I felt sympathy , looking at the pathetic , shivering wreck that knelt at my feet .
tr	I	Michael was the who one gasped .
tr	I	I my shook head violently .
tr	O	I should grab Michelle by what little hair she has left , pull and run .
tr	I	Chancey 's hands clenched when the bastard her gave a long , lingering kiss .
tr	I	It was as they approached a rocky cliff that dinosaurs the attacked .
tr	I	She simply loved the all sensations of sailing .
tr	I	It was hard to think how her situation could worse be .
tr	I	The had glare no apparent effect .
tr	I	This couldn 't happening be .
tr	O	I called the chief accounting officer this morning and he 's spoken to the bank .
tr	I	The author acknowledges the status trademark and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction which might have been used without permission .
tr	O	It was a lot to take on when I had no idea what I was until right before my birthday .
tr	O	That was the beginning .
tr	O	He looked down at her with a curious expression on his face .
tr	I	She couldn 't argue the with truth .
tr	I	She studied the silent , subtle changes in his expression as the woman from the train walked down the stairs and the across tarmac .
tr	I	He noticed it in slow motion and on stopped the side .
tr	I	After an hour , Joe more called up Danny .
tr	I	She 'd all lost shame .
tr	O	I gasped as two more bottles of Jason 's blood shattered against the upper rim of our cave , spraying more blood onto us .
tr	O	Never seeing the sun again , or feeling its warmth on her face ?
tr	I	Peter from says across the plane .
tr	I	A nagged worry at Gray .
tr	I	I need you to straight think .
tr	I	We should then be able to enjoy all has she to offer and still progress without having any deleterious effects .
tr	O	We start serving ourselves after my dad says grace .
tr	I	he offered , when alarmed Deacon grimaced with pain .
tr	I	He couldn 't figure out if the clues just 't weren there .
tr	O	He could not wait to get the genetic information of these wonderful animals into his data recorder .
tr	I	She quickly looked away removed and her hand .
tr	O	I heard myself gasp , and I came to a stop .
tr	I	He walked away from her , his to back her , his hands resting on his hips .
tr	O	His accent was British ; Emma always forgot that Julian 's father had originally come from London .
tr	I	One quick peck she and was getting into her 4Runner .
tr	O	The likelihood of being noticed by anyone who could further his musical ambitions almost negated the need to spruce up .
tr	I	She laughed as Emma grabbed the side of the cart to keep from out falling .
tr	O	Altair felt the power coursing through him , as though it leaped from the Apple and spread like a disease through his veins .
tr	O	Jack couldn 't quite remember her name , but no doubt it 'd come to him in time .
tr	I	Charlotte , you 'll me tell , won 't you ?
tr	I	And he is a friend , even if will he never be anything more .
tr	I	After finishing my drink I feel a pressure in my lower regions , and I realise have I to piss .
tr	I	But 's that no excuse for simple incompetence .
tr	O	Brynn didn 't even turn around from the window ; she kept drawing her triangles .
tr	O	We found her in the middle of a greenhouse , working with some kind of plant .
tr	O	Was it a lie if I omitted it for maybe a week ?
tr	I	Miranda yelled from the seat front .
tr	O	Suddenly , the door at the top of the stairs opens , and about three pairs of footsteps begin making their way towards us .
tr	I	Her mouth open wide , staring across river the to where the kid had been .
tr	I	She jumped up down and .
tr	I	I was well aware that only one person the had power to do it .
tr	O	The guard inserted the moistened swab into a slit in a machine behind him .
tr	I	Tammy broke away and looked down him at .
tr	I	> or True not ... < Ever ?
tr	O	A steady pounding filled his head , but a morning shower did wonders to help a hangover , bringing some life back into his face .
tr	I	He kissed her one last time before stepped he back and turned into a leopard .
tr	I	They worshipped us , prayed to us , made sacrifices our in name .
tr	I	The King nodded and then looked to the tier above reception the area , where the mystics sat .
tr	I	He was not allowed to meet talk or with anyone else about reunification .
tr	I	She pressed the to button end the call .
tr	O	It was a point of pride not to accept money to do so .
tr	I	Ty one knew thing : if it had wanted to kill them , they never would have seen it coming .
tr	O	Death to the enemies of the Empire !
tr	O	I don 't have any problems .
tr	I	The chair hit the floor Ned as scrambled to get away .
tr	O	All three dogs jumped up in unison and turned to look directly at him .
tr	O	We need to take him to see the Shaman , and fast .
tr	O	He liked to think he 'd still be sexually active when he was his grandfather 's age .
tr	I	He nodded , those bestowing dimples upon her once more .
tr	I	Don out held his hands .
tr	O	Adams said with a chuckle .
tr	O	His lips , as full and sensual as they 'd been when he wooed and coaxed her , parted .
tr	I	He got the canoe of out the shed .
tr	I	Louisa laughed , her mocking .
tr	I	Nicky glanced back at Neil as he it said .
tr	I	He had paid for his own back flight to Wiesbaden .
tr	I	Joe B. moved undaunted forward , leaving a trail of secretaries and practical footwear behind him .
tr	O	She 'd been admiring it .
tr	O	The intoxicating vanilla scent of her is almost enough to fade my problems away .
tr	I	I stared at wild my waves in the bathroom mirror and groaned .
tr	O	This improvisation is what you call free will .
tr	I	She chose red chose and it for you , as displayed in the remarkable shade of your hair and your bond mate 's wings .
tr	O	Her eyes met Marie 's for an instant then moved back to me .
tr	O	he asked and moved her hair aside so he could kiss the side of her neck .
tr	I	I look up as Eddie takes a seat the on bench across from me .
tr	I	There was something about off her , and now he realized why Sarah was so concerned .
tr	O	Almost as if he feared something might happen .
tr	I	He 's a really magnet strong and life is nothing but a piece of ferrous metal .
tr	O	Trying to distract myself from the bizarre errand I was now on , I concentrated on using my best penmanship .
tr	I	They staff are , after all .
tr	I	When she 'd stroked him spent , he looked if as he could scarcely believe what he 'd done .
tr	I	The people who lived in or commuted to Las Vegas rarely came this to back corner of it .
tr	O	The horde of freaks emerged down the highway , sprinting toward the warmth of the flames .
tr	O	I thought that you might pull some kind of bullshit .
tr	I	Every part of me was on fire and calling out him to to drive the inferno higher .
tr	I	' He 's only three , enough young to adjust -- so the psychiatrists tell me . '
tr	I	Hanna called to the crowds thundering down Rosewood 's drag main in the annual Rosewood Hospital 10k race .
tr	I	She stares at him serenely , while her eyes brightening start .
tr	I	she asked with a smile friendly .
tr	I	Before her sister walked in 'd she been tempted to put some in a bowl , but now she was eating the whole damn thing .
tr	I	She walks across the short patch of thick grass lining riverbank the .
tr	I	It marks beginning the of Steve 's first weekend in his new neighborhood .
tr	I	His blond hair shimmered in lamplight the .
tr	I	These were guys spilling secrets left and right .
tr	O	Seconds skipped by and Robert realized everyone was waiting for him to do the same .
tr	I	When they pulled outside up , darkness shrouded the duplex .
tr	O	Bored , I turned my chair around to watch the Nevada vamps for a while .
tr	O	I chanced a look and saw that Nick had laid his head back on the edge of the tub .
tr	I	And maybe you can influence the of minds these military people , but you can 't influence me !
tr	I	No , I ain 't ever that seen .
tr	O	The possibilities seemed endless , even frightening .
tr	I	About Fiona and about what to happened the Puma .
tr	I	Someone like that woman in out the lobby .
tr	O	that is what I fear ... .
tr	I	Yet 's Selma family came .
tr	O	Sara still wasn 't a very strong swimmer .
tr	I	The first thing I did was sweep space the with my eyes , and my arm went to my back , reaching for my gun .
tr	I	I 've stayed step one ahead of my enemies for centuries , and I intend to keep it that way .
tr	O	Lea 's breathing was getting labored , a sign that she had to stop and take a breather , but she didn 't do it .
tr	O	This is going to be interesting .
tr	O	She 'd been in this situation once before .
tr	I	I have to practically throw myself on top of his body to keep myself from being onto tossed the floor .
tr	O	You might want to hurry .
tr	I	This is not I something can commit to .
tr	I	Elden protested , eyes in wide fear .
tr	I	The Canadian his bobbed head up and down .
tr	I	The girl an took involuntary step back , watching him with superstitious horror and awe .
tr	I	I threw an ammonia bottle the against wall .
tr	O	Once everyone was through the doorway , Fade slammed the door shut and threw the bolts , before jumping back away from it .
tr	O	She placed her finger over her own mouth , motioning for him to be quiet .
tr	I	As the sun beamed down on him , and the silence grew heavy , Billy realised suddenly he was not alone .
tr	O	I shrugged and headed for the house .
tr	O	Better not to think of my eventual death until I had to .
tr	O	Her nails bit into her palms in the shadowy confines of his luxury sports car .
tr	I	Chase for grabbed her packages .
tr	I	The was woman like some irresistible force .
tr	I	Best just to not go there .
tr	O	Tabitha fell to the ground , gasping for air , but waved Jacob to Angela when he moved to help her .
tr	O	She 'd explain that she 'd been hoping to come up with some evidence that might save lives , which was the truth .
tr	O	If I shot at the van I would kill em all .
tr	I	They had been through let with little trouble .
tr	I	Sable 's eyes cold were , but not unkind .
tr	I	After thirty feet , was she still alive .
tr	O	The people in the marketplace looked around in confusion .
tr	O	Melinda 's hair was in a thick braid to keep it out of her eyes .
tr	I	Popkin was manicurist the .
tr	I	The hackles on the back of her neck rose a second before the door in front of her open burst .
tr	I	I raise my hand to cover eyes my and look over to see Brenden still asleep .
tr	I	He smiled when slightly I said ' Dad ' .
tr	O	But he didn 't go down .
tr	I	His reply was so ambiguous she just couldn accept 't it .
tr	I	I was very grateful there was no splash or reeking stench of sewage because if was there , I 'd have been in deep trouble .
tr	O	It smelled like a werewolf , and it didn 't .
tr	I	Why did it hurt see to Torin with someone else ?
tr	O	This was going to hurt .
tr	I	And I didn 't know if she found Kenzie amusing offensive or .
tr	O	They both laughed easily .
tr	O	Again the fox counseled him .
tr	I	Olivia stood motionless , trouble having comprehending what was happening .
tr	O	I have been very well taken care of my entire life because I have parents who adore me as I adore them .
tr	O	Finally , she gives me a wry smile .
tr	O	He cupped her face in his hands as the agony of that day washed through him anew .
tr	I	She to seemed be pointing this little factoid out to both herself and him .
tr	O	His furrowed brow and the look in his eyes gave him away .
tr	I	He seemed to be a man who saw in everything terms of black and white .
tr	I	Chapter 5 I wake a with start , struggling to catch my breath .
tr	I	She didn stay 't down .
tr	O	He kept his hands molded to her behind , and he reclaimed the step she 'd taken back .
tr	O	He chuckled to himself and walked down the length of the train .
tr	I	She said you kind of work a as sounding board for all of them .
tr	O	He gave a laugh and then came astride her .
tr	O	U.S. state debt surpasses $ 4 trillion and that number doesn 't include $ 3 trillion in deferments .
tr	O	A monster 's moon shadow .
tr	I	What could say she to that ?
tr	I	Basha kept trying to control the tensions , but sometimes things a got bit out of his control .
tr	I	She grabbed my arm and pulled herself through last the of the people between us .
tr	O	I don 't answer .
tr	I	The place that felt so sore , wished for much so .
tr	I	They aren ´ t doing me harm any at all .
tr	O	He didn 't get an answer but heard the paper bags being pulled out .
tr	I	They 've tried to run twice away .
tr	O	His dark face was scarred on one cheek from an old knife fight , but a sharp intelligence could be seen beneath the brown eyes .
tr	I	Some of them didn 't rise again as the tops of their heads had been blown off by the blast electrical .
tr	O	Martin Bartell 's light brown eyes looked at me very thoroughly .
tr	O	Are you mad at me ?
tr	O	Just because he went over to the dark side doesn 't mean that you will when you tap into it .
tr	O	She also knew if I trailed her around this house I 'd be pestering her until the moment I talked her out the door .
tr	O	Lucy leaned across the front seat and hit the switch on the driver 's armrest that locked the doors .
tr	O	It was my rightful place , and how dare they not let me cheer !
tr	I	Get used this to .
tr	O	Yet there was one of his doctors , chained to a bed , while five patients -- children at that -- were being held against their will .
tr	I	She Nicolas gave an appreciative smile before noting the dark scowl Sebastian wore on his face .
tr	O	Their portals are creating some cellular interference they probably aren 't even aware of .
tr	I	Although , Jura was a lot nicer than expected I .
tr	O	But more than any of this , we instituted a law that any human was allowed to leave The Shade at any time .
tr	O	another one argued back .
tr	O	Several of the passengers had been killed instantly by the blast and many others had been knocked unconscious .
tr	O	She reaches up and cups my face .
tr	I	The arena was a skating rink now , with clowns tables and score cards , there was very little that would for allow good cover .
tr	I	Just as hoped I , her face relaxes .
tr	O	At the same moment , the sound of sirens filled the air as police cars pulled up around them .
tr	O	He spoke the language of those from the East and could be understood not by those of the Forest .
tr	I	After eight years of marriage , she knew his nuances and moods better perhaps than he did himself .
tr	I	' What is it I can I for do you ? '
tr	O	I pulled on my coat , wound a white scarf around my neck , and grabbed up my keys .
tr	O	He really didn 't want to see Angelica in a fantasy outfit .
tr	I	No matter what he did , she wouldn 't leave alone him .
tr	O	He read it a second time , then slowly set it aside .
tr	I	She moved too quickly for Serenity to keep up and Serenity stumbled over feet her until Madeline dragged her by the arm .
tr	I	The stood door open .
tr	O	He allowed himself to seem surprised that there was a frog party that very evening .
tr	O	My breath 's uncertain .
tr	I	Making better food choices had become easier , but gaze her often lingered on sweets and on the candy machine .
tr	I	She turned to carry everything back into bathroom the , Hunter following behind her .
tr	I	Eugenia outraged was at the suggestion , especially coming from an unknown cousin who was obviously a perfect rube .
tr	I	If I could go back and change it , know you I would .
tr	I	She was wearing some tiny white shorts and white a string bikini top , or at least , I thought they 'd started out white .
tr	O	I 'd skinned and cleaned small game before , so I did the honors .
tr	I	The sword of my grandfather is not so easily aside put .
tr	O	I know that would make a lot of people happy around here .
tr	O	For a brief moment , she considered taking him down then and there ... but then a pair of blue eyes entered her mind .
tr	I	I the bit inside of my cheek .
tr	O	Heat flamed in her cheeks .
tr	O	This gave the group something to think about .
tr	I	Johnny nodded enjoying the friendly and accent strummed a clean sounding chord .
tr	O	Jo swallowed and ignored the question .
tr	I	She hated the needles and cried whenever needed they a sample from her .
tr	O	Gerald can give me a tour over Cap Haitian then we 'll head on down the line to the Puerto Rico .
tr	I	I couldn 't see anything because it was dark , and suddenly Hughes his threw right arm to block me , taking a step forward .
tr	I	You 've the seen stuff in his shop .
tr	I	Not ahead far of them they saw another building .
tr	O	Sean never talks about the future .
tr	O	Jenny rounded the corner a moment later , slowing to a walk for the remaining 30 feet .
tr	O	Tabitha dropped the receiver as if were on fire , then buried her face in her hands .
tr	I	A little over five years he ago 'd been a pirate for hire .
tr	I	Ardent pushed through the of throng dwarfs .
tr	I	' I not 'm a teenager , ' she said .
tr	I	They also ran to the back of the tank to get out of sight and almost trampled and David Andrew under the tarp .
tr	O	She shall be mine .
tr	O	They used to give polio vaccine as sugar cubes .
tr	I	Nobody separates the from group .
tr	I	The tightening closed noose upon Bonaparte .
tr	O	Three hours with someone isn 't enough to know them , but she didn 't fit into any cliche or box .
tr	O	He disappeared from the window .
tr	O	Denny grabbed my hand and grinning , helped me from his car .
tr	I	She and smiled walked off into the kitchen .
tr	I	He chuckled , slid his arms around her middle and her held close to him .
tr	I	Crowe peeled his lips back in a smile cold .
tr	O	I actually kind of did a lot to come here .
tr	O	He 'd known taking her would be furious ... With his other hand , he grasped his shaft to guide it in .
tr	I	They only went few a miles that first time years ago .
tr	O	Holding his head secure with my right hand , I embraced him then lowered him gently and noiselessly to the dry dirt of the farmyard .
tr	O	And you 're right .
tr	O	That was when he knew the truth .
tr	I	' Cabbages well doing ? '
tr	I	He 's also a tight bastard and won 't put out the extra cash for anyone else to hunt Duggan his or guys down .
tr	O	New Year 's angst complete .
tr	O	I should have tried to protest .
tr	O	I didn 't want to look him in the eyes , but what kind of man would that make me ?
tr	O	Raj had a glint in his eye , clearly excited about the prospect of leaving his aged body behind , if only for a while .
tr	O	He pulled back and smiled at her .
tr	O	Thursday 17th May 1984 Amy continued studying through her finals whilst for the next nine days Katherine pulled pints .
tr	I	Jason 's were saviours secretive .
tr	I	Who knows many how times the story has been modified over the years .
tr	I	Rick laughed and Johnnie felt the tension float from room the .
tr	O	Security was the reason he was at Bethesda .
tr	O	I could accept it because he delivered it so tenderly and put me above the others .
tr	O	One of them ran inside and got a buggy and then went to the automotive section and grabbed fifteen little fuel containers .
tr	O	Ewan grinned and glanced sideways where his men bore Alaric 's litter between them .
tr	I	Germany not had been heard from in a week .
tr	O	Some sites never got rid of the ruptures created in them and so the tracks continued to stand dull but present .
tr	I	He remained silent for a long time , but she did not waver under intimidating his scrutiny .
tr	I	She shivered but 't couldn deny it .
tr	O	I wonder if she plans conversations out in her head too .
tr	I	How could the car see him if was he a ghost ?
tr	I	Had Riley only claimed he 'd seen their ashes as another way to keep the rest of us afraid and on dependent him ?
tr	I	My eyes drop to ground the .
tr	O	Marissa had spent one afternoon with Savannah and had already gotten more out of her than he had .
tr	I	They 'd all been out terrified of their wits .
tr	I	Grand got to one and knee put a steady hand on him , but hesitated when he saw something .
tr	I	Clearly there were no surprises real in the group .
tr	O	I did see a really good friend die , though .
tr	I	I soon gave up humming for short cries , exchanged those for screams and moans , as Chase took me on this journey him with .
tr	O	My mother called me , telling me some nonsense about him murdering a woman .
tr	O	The more I tried , the harder it was to picture Amelie , with her bouncy curls and childlike smile , being murderous .
tr	O	Grace remembered the journal entry she had read .
tr	O	I asked , my heart in my throat .
tr	I	The man up stood and charged Tallis .
tr	O	A woman he had not expected , three weeks ago , that they would ever meet .
tr	O	It comforts me to know it is there and filled with surprises for demons of land and air .
tr	O	She had no place here .
tr	I	Instead , I dug fingertips my into his biceps and pulled him into our kiss .
tr	O	A blast of malice that seemed made of every evil thought ever directed at me ripped at my mind and body .
tr	I	It wasn simply 't possible , but somehow I managed to hear a voice emanating through the water .
tr	I	You were yelling about something a man .
tr	O	He grabbed the sword and drew it forth .
tr	O	If you people would like any brandy when you 've finished your wine , it 's in that cupboard .
tr	O	He was drinking from her .
tr	O	What if her flames didn 't work against another phoenix ?
tr	I	Our gifts were blocked here the in Underworld .
tr	I	His gaze met hers and her mind flooded with images of being his in arms , of his mouth on hers .
tr	O	You should have a choice .
tr	O	It 's an adventure , and I 'm excited , but yeah , I 'm scared .
tr	I	He very was thin and wore thick glasses .
tr	I	Lance said , remembering Tammy emphatic 's insistence that she 'd pulled off some amazing favor on his behalf .
tr	O	The spark ignited within him .
tr	I	Harry cried and out the car rattled to life seconds later .
tr	O	Allison looked at me .
tr	O	When she gathered the last of the brushes , she forced herself to look at him and smile .
tr	O	The irony was not lost on her as she rapidly adjusted her make-shift plan .
tr	I	Caden crouched down in front me of , cupping my chin gently with his hands .
tr	I	Maybe I stil could save him .
tr	O	Jim Bailey asked Leslie .
tr	I	His grin to broadened a wicked smile but he didn 't move .
tr	O	People talk about the pain of grief , but I don 't know what they mean .
tr	I	And it 't wouldn be the last time .
tr	I	On that , 's Jude resolve cracked , and she started to cry .
tr	O	The coffee tasted interesting , Parker thought , and he looked for signs of a hangover in the early bird sitting across from him at the table .
tr	O	He stopped for a moment as the door swung shut behind him .
tr	O	Just the sight of her aroused him again and he didn 't know how he was going to contain this rampant desire until tomorrow .
tr	I	She would never be to able make him leave .
tr	I	We stepped on every of stall the shopping mall .
tr	I	Carrie drags me down the aisle and into out the hallway , the rest of the group following close behind .
tr	O	And as it turns out , because of your brother , I don 't need you .
tr	I	he asked , with a slight in sneer his tone .
tr	I	Simon echoed confusion in .
tr	O	His voice was a soft command , hypnotic , impossible to ignore or defy .
tr	O	I wanted to stop him from his reckless act , but I was too weak to move properly .
tr	O	Echo suddenly felt like she was on trial as all eyes rested on her .
tr	I	I feel can it .
tr	I	And I begged her , Father , to that allow bastard to attack her so we 'd get the information we needed .
tr	O	Two people came together on the big square area , held onto each other 's arms , then barely moved .
tr	I	The whole situation overwhelmed her , including Reyes and all that he 'd through been .
tr	I	She him thanked and he walked outside .
tr	I	The King Skull flowed down the steps to his shadowy mount and flew up into the high saddle .
tr	O	Sara asked as she reached the top of the stairs .
tr	I	She wasn resisting 't .
tr	O	All congregating at this wonderful fountain .
tr	O	A sheepish smile tugged at my lips and my eyes narrowed .
tr	O	Keeley shivered and gathered her arms around her .
tr	O	Ready to pummel the person responsible .
tr	O	Crystal now held the gun .
tr	O	If we do not clean it up within an hour , we 'll lose our open lunch and other privileges .
tr	I	Toby looked at me with a mix of surprise and admiration possibly .
tr	O	He turned when Love walked back into the room .
tr	O	Money wasn 't something he was short of , then .
tr	O	But there was no movement there .
tr	I	Brushing doubts all aside , Alexander rushed behind Arthur straight to another obstacle they had to overcome .
tr	O	She expected Pickering to pick up on the first ring .
tr	I	Our home , 'd he said .
tr	O	He lets me dress him however I like .
tr	I	He continued his work land until was sighted , then everyone 's attention was focused on the headland looking for the light signal .
tr	I	His mouth watered the at thought of food .
tr	I	She should that know by now !
tr	I	The passageway enough widened to allow Jacques to resume his true form .
tr	I	Promise you won 't me shut out again .
tr	I	From the corner of her eye , she saw pull Luke a chair away from the wall and slide it toward her before stepping back again .
tr	I	It was so peaceful he ; enjoyed the moment .
tr	I	It was Gabriel who was .
tr	O	I was not sure what to expect but Avalon was so uncomfortable and tense that I regretted him coming .
tr	O	He wasn 't going to hold back anymore .
tr	I	Maybe he was one the of designers I had applied for an internship with !
tr	I	I couldn concentrate 't .
tr	I	It 't wasn a request .
tr	O	Draw and paint , yeah , but that 's not a whole hell of a lot .
tr	I	Giant rods black rise from unknown depths to stand bravely on the cave floor .
tr	O	But another baby , close in age to Lilly , would be wonderful .
tr	I	The book showed itself her to .
tr	I	I was air controlling .
tr	O	So as smoothly as possible , she changed it , asking if he 'd like some coffee .
tr	O	The only child he cared about .
tr	O	He smiles , then picks up his own fork and begins eating .
tr	I	Dennis it accepted with another bow of his head , but did not immediately try to drink it .
tr	I	They made 'd each other smile .
tr	I	Lucas his shook head .
tr	O	Straight back was the end of a large barn .
tr	I	She could throw a hot of pot boiling oil in his face and race off .
tr	O	Of course we do .
tr	I	It took some time and she figured out it .
tr	O	I remembered that birthday well .
tr	I	Benji jerked the wheel left , turning the Mustang the off road and into the grass .
tr	I	The boat as tilted the wizards joined him .
tr	O	Submission in the bedroom was something she understood .
tr	I	And He ... bragged about me ?
tr	O	His parents were warm and kind and anyone could see how much they loved him .
tr	I	When her call to Michelle went to voice mail , she hung up and dialed Jack Burton number 's .
tr	I	She took in the state of horse and rider with one glance long .
tr	I	Cassie frowned her eyes hesitantly darting back to him .
tr	I	The two looked at each for other a few minutes .
tr	O	I don 't expect you to understand , Richard .
tr	O	I just stopped and put it away .
tr	I	He could probably lift one of the smaller ones a few feet the into air .
tr	I	I don 't need any friendly coming fire from our captain .
tr	O	A sob rose in Carolyn 's throat .
tr	O	she prompted when Izzy stopped .
tr	I	You need ever not worry .
tr	I	Joan is Darcy down !
tr	O	Ignoring him she nodded to the door .
tr	O	They ran down the mountainside .
tr	I	Why couldn 't she have just gotten one kiss first ?
tr	O	Lazare fashions some sort of vent through which he can breathe .
tr	I	Christian let out a chuckle and her joined on the couch .
tr	O	Australia had ceded north and west Australia to the Chinese invaders .
tr	O	Jackson turned the burner on under the pot he had filled with water and then pulled out chicken breasts that were already pounded thin .
tr	I	If you have something dear , you should know something , and know this as clear a as mountain lake .
tr	O	They started busting their guts laughing again .
tr	O	Sure enough , a week passed with no assaults .
tr	O	Some vampires were more than just predators .
tr	I	He as admired well as desired her .
tr	I	I that hoped I would never ever lose this feeling .
tr	O	I rose to rush out without even starting on my hamburger .
tr	O	I quickly texted back .
tr	I	It was accompanied loud by laughter and one of the officers throwing an empty beer can towards John .
tr	I	They were at the Presidio , ten only minutes from San Francisco , golfing among century-old eucalyptus and Monterey pine trees .
tr	O	I 'm not in control now .
tr	I	Today was the day the of final match between Hudson and Channing .
tr	I	I hear it 'll more cost than you 're worth .
tr	I	David had always been a fairly person easy to read .
tr	O	This wasn 't a guy whose love she had to fear .
tr	O	I want you to stay upstairs and watch the Yankees game , and I don 't want to hear a sound .
tr	O	That and the books .
tr	O	The boy was a skilled seafarer ... for a savage .
tr	I	The light altered in from color white to crimson .
tr	I	But Thomas Jr. did have anyone else to with bond .
tr	O	Fearful , I glanced down .
tr	O	But Christina is already nodding .
tr	I	Brian did not think it to wise expand on the point of witness payoffs .
tr	I	They on continued for parts unknown .
tr	O	Nothing in my whole wardrobe fits anymore , and I know it will just get worse if I end up pregnant again .
tr	O	Max bumped Preston again , but instead of pulling him closer , Preston shoved him over so he could reach the edge .
tr	I	Now I knew how felt they .
tr	I	He up cracks laughing .
tr	O	Jeff was right - the image was grainy , but the vehicle it showed was undeniably a classic Mustang , complete with racing stripes and side vents .
tr	I	Kelvin asked , watching Winkler perform duty this .
tr	O	Think about something else .
tr	I	I hold my hand and up shield my face from Mom so I can retch freely in Mia 's direction .
tr	I	Sooner we can get under those mountains , the sooner can we wipe out the Irons and go home .
tr	I	That one deviation created a snowball effect that ended with me having to read poem a aloud in class .
tr	O	Amy now came alongside Peter 's head and began to groom him , plucking at his beard and scalp .
tr	I	She would be given the same treatment , so it was likely that they place would her in the same ward .
tr	O	Patrice 's patience had run out .
tr	I	The magnetic force is strongest nearest the of center the source of the field .
tr	I	They had even Stephanie brought a few times in her stroller .
tr	I	Those that do don 't have the I control have .
tr	O	The doctors wanted to separate them to run tests and ask questions , but they flatly refused to leave each other 's sight .
tr	I	Christopher to pointed the strobe of airplane lights in the dark sky .
tr	I	The hair on the back her of neck was standing on end .
tr	I	I felt like the lowest of the low I as said this .
tr	I	He will not always be alone , necessarily , but will he quite likely die alone .
tr	O	He needed to get back to his life .
tr	O	If they didn 't , there would be few converts .
tr	O	Then it occurred to her -- what if she took away their trampoline ?
tr	O	Waiting for the sun to go down so he could rise and terrorize the townspeople ?
tr	O	And all the pieces began to fall into place .
tr	O	He thought her beautiful .
tr	O	Kit was awaiting her arrival , a minute later Jim joined them escorted by Todd .
tr	I	But by the now boy 's eyes were glazed and vague .
tr	I	She dashed it through .
tr	I	Nothing as grand this as .
tr	I	Will shook head his .
tr	I	For an instant , he just considered driving on , but he knew that he couldn 't .
tr	O	Instead , I had asked him to spend the day with me .
tr	I	Everything still and silent , candy with everywhere for the taking .
tr	O	Finally he looked at her .
tr	I	She tried to remember what 'd happened after their swim and couldn - 't but she was no longer in her hospital gown .
tr	O	He began to unbutton her shirt throwing it to the old theater seats .
tr	O	At the sound of footsteps outside , Lukas moved between her and the door .
tr	I	Billy had decided she and his father live could for another year , contingent on Christmas morning 's gift haul .
tr	I	She remained in the hallway for a moment , her raking fingernails up and down her bare arms .
tr	I	I pulled the phone from my pocked , to navigated voicemail , and pressed play .
tr	O	Handsome , too , if you didn 't despise both of them .
tr	I	Why had ever she doubted it ?
tr	O	I 'd taken him on a driving tour of the many beaches besides the one where we 'd held the band party .
tr	I	I counted eight people and sat up plates eight .
tr	O	the girls rushed towards him .
tr	I	Her moved eyes from one face to another .
tr	I	He so was annoying .
tr	O	Julie and Keesha finally emerged from the sliding doors .
tr	I	Alanna pushed her way up from Thomas , looking to where the Shadow had been only a ago moment .
tr	I	Although I tended to hold things in with everyone else in life my , I expressed myself freely to my mom .
tr	I	I left the table set for dinner night that , a silent rebuke .
tr	O	As Sheriff Robinson led Chance away , I had a cold feeling in the pit of my stomach .
tr	O	None of that sounded very comfortable .
tr	O	Jack opened his eyes with a surprised look that mirrored her own .
tr	I	He was about to be sent to Vietnam when he began to suggest in improvements the Army 's electronic scanning devices .
tr	I	The I closer get , the more obvious it is .
tr	I	But at a there recital is no second chance .
tr	I	They rode on in silence for a while , the muted thudding of hooves on the grass only sound .
tr	I	Immediately , her mind jumped to the worst conclusions and her voice was a little shaky as thanked she Rose .
tr	I	Her armor rattled as her head bobbed , and Abraham caught her before she to fell the ground .
tr	O	One of the teachers , Ms. Whittaker , was an amateur botanist who was always happy to supply Ms. Terwilliger with various plants and herbs .
tr	I	He me kissed back weakly .
tr	I	He nodded and smiled and : said Sorry about that .
tr	O	Then , when he handed over my drink and our hands accidentally touched , I forgot that realization entirely .
tr	O	Paris gave her the moment to consider it .
tr	O	If I hadn 't had the string wrapped around my hand he 'd have been long gone .
tr	O	That could be months .
tr	I	He looked up at me but his eyes were icy and colorless , over glazed like a dead mans .
tr	O	I knew they would betray his next move .
tr	O	Becky , at her wit 's end , discussed the matter with Caz on one of her visits to Govan .
tr	O	Dom nods his head at Brenden and he comes back to stand by me .
tr	I	He knew deep it inside was going to take a lot of time to get over Justin 's death .
tr	O	He liked to rest his head in her lap or on her shoulder .
tr	O	Their bodies just ... they freeze .
tr	O	I just resisted the advances of Nate Thornhill , my fantasy of almost three years .
tr	I	He reached out and placed one blunt fingertip against the band and slid it over it , brushing skin her along the edge as he passed .
tr	I	She was just like the other six victims , except for bright rashes red between her wrist and shoulder .
tr	O	she asked , as she always did , right when I wanted to admit my thoughts the least .
tr	I	What she did care ?
tr	I	The guards grabbed once him more .
tr	O	Guy 's secretary put me through to him immediately .
tr	I	Nolan did love her ; she 'd that known for a long time .
tr	O	All I needed was a few drops of Auron 's blood .
tr	O	A soft knock sounded at the door .
tr	O	From time to time the faint sound of gunfire would fill the air , though the radio silence never let them know who was winning .
tr	O	20 Cain knocked on Tiger 's door at seven in the morning .
tr	I	a soft eloquent female voice asks in ear his .
tr	I	He didn 't Jack trust .
tr	I	After the last line , I set my pen down and knew that I had just written my single first for when I resumed my music career .
tr	I	It falls to the sand in a of pile plastic and string .
tr	I	His car isn 't here and the house doesn 't look like he been 's around recently .
tr	O	It 's noon now .
tr	I	Rachel 's 's nostril flare again .
tr	O	Except these kids weren 't munching sandwiches .
tr	I	Well , he 'd just have learn to when no meant exactly that .
tr	O	Alice didn 't know what to do .
tr	I	They put then mats out on the floor and proceeded to practice various sets of complicated moves that involved grabbing , twisting and throwing each other .
tr	O	I unwrapped it and slid it home into the scabbard .
tr	O	Teenagers were standing in circles practicing their respective arts .
tr	O	This year I was sixteen , the year that most females get mated at .
tr	I	Did he even about know her pregnancy before his death ?
tr	I	She breathed in deeply , heartbeat her careening out of control .
tr	I	Or a demon for mother a .
tr	I	There are those who find their calling in the human world and their takes profession them there .
tr	O	Would I someday lose my ability to empathize and comfort , too ?
tr	I	She stuck the poker into back the fire , and this time she used it to jab her face several times .
tr	I	Aria stopped and cocked her head the to right .
tr	O	His voice caught as he spoke , and he paused for a moment to regain his composure .
tr	O	* I sat bolt upright in bed .
tr	I	Identify the triggers and figure out alternate an response .
tr	O	She whimpered , hot and sticky pleasure making its way through her core , despite the seriously messed up nature of this sexual transaction .
tr	I	Much bigger me than .
tr	I	His human face not was enraged , nor hateful .
tr	I	I asked , fumbling awkwardly as I reached out to help her , extending hand my for her to use as leverage .
tr	O	She had acquired a taste for the super-rich life and could not go back .
tr	O	She heard the door to the guest room open and her mother walked past the open door and went into the bathroom without looking in .
tr	I	Since this was going to take longer than he 'd thought , the plan to had change .
tr	I	It never dawned on Ryan this woman on was the hunt , and he was in her sights .
tr	I	He let get me away .
tr	I	* * * I stepped into a small room , with dark gray walls on sides three .
tr	O	He figured he had an advantage of at least twenty seconds , maybe more .
tr	O	But then , if death was her goal , why was she filled with so much foreboding over it ?
tr	I	When the archer has herself seated she is offered a cup .
tr	I	The man sat down on the top step and took off his faded hat , tossing it on the step next him to .
tr	I	Michael and Frances exchanged glances quick .
tr	I	Andrew 's wife , Carolyn , been had killed only fifteen months before in an accident similar to the one Steven had just witnessed .
tr	I	Another patrol unit was over the on east side of the County on a call .
tr	O	We 're done though . '
tr	O	Aaron Lightner was the man who did it .
tr	O	A roar of laughter rose from the atrium .
tr	O	It not alone washed my body but blanked my mind to all but the water .
tr	I	It hit the counter a like gauntlet .
tr	O	His father had pulled her from the grime .
tr	O	But once he 'd begun talking , he couldn 't stop .
tr	O	I park my car outside one of the few houses that still look like they 've been taken care of .
tr	I	Harsh light flooding the inside of the sarcophagus , she and heard the sound of gun bolts being drawn back .
tr	O	It was a very vocal , very arousing experience , one that Ty rarely turned down the opportunity to enjoy .
tr	I	He studied her for four slow creaks of the before swing stepping around the sedan door , closer to her .
tr	I	No man , she 'd once told Lorraine , could live up the to memory of the one she 'd lost .
tr	O	Then he was gone .
tr	I	I needed to think about getting to sleep if was I going to have to face those two guys tomorrow without fainting at their feet .
tr	O	You didn 't take an exit the way you would in most places .
tr	O	Josh shrugs his shoulders .
tr	O	Not the attractive woman he 'd just met .
tr	I	My hair was loose and thanks to a lot of product , looked it sleek and shinny .
tr	I	His heart was hard beating and strong .
tr	I	Electricity surged through middle my .
tr	O	Come on , we 're going .
tr	O	The moment he was out the door , Helen turned a grateful smile on her husband and squeezed the hand still holding hers .
tr	O	She did hand me her key , no questions and I know what I saw around her .
tr	I	It takes us a of couple hours to finish the weeks ' worth of assignments that piled up while the boys were suspended .
tr	O	I couldn 't possibly tell Hunter about Kade 's drinking incident .
tr	I	Mort closed eyes his .
tr	I	It made a very feminine powerful and statement .
tr	O	His gaze lowered , taking in the beauty of her backside for the first time .
tr	O	Back inland near the Air Force base , the last place my mom and I had lived , I 'd flown under the radar .
tr	O	He instructed me with uncharacteristic bluntness to go north and find out what was holding them up .
tr	I	Was she to going get thrown out ?
tr	I	How much more humid could it get without raining actually ?
tr	O	With silent steps he made his way through the small vestibule and moved to the nearby steps that led to the cellars below .
tr	I	As soon as I cut back on hours my , I 'm going to get him .
tr	O	With a sigh , Jack tried to explain .
tr	O	Alexis took a deep breath before entering .
tr	I	Her fit name her well .
tr	I	It 's always weird to finally meet a friend 's significant other , especially after you 've heard the all details of their courtship .
tr	I	Abbey was in a state vulnerable .
tr	I	They already knew Evelyn so they just licked fingertips her .
tr	I	O. Julian it read over Kelly 's shoulder .
tr	O	Hank gestured with the corkscrew at the bodies pressed into the surprisingly narrow kitchen .
tr	O	His arms flapped harder .
tr	O	The light of dawn shined down onto the room through the rounded windows .
tr	O	Leah was still shaking from her near death experience .
tr	I	When Tanya reached him she didn speak 't .
tr	O	The larger stone made a bigger dent and drew the arm back around blindly to slice at me .
tr	I	The dead ex-boyfriend rises to steal the away woman of his dreams .
tr	O	What really happened was David 's dad and two guys behind him collided going for the ball .
tr	I	Neither Bobo nor Dennis said anything response in , but both men exchanged a look .
tr	O	I could not bear it for longer .
tr	O	I thought you would see it .
tr	I	Robert appreciated 's Jamie concern , but he was determined .
tr	I	He purrs and I feel myself slipping darkness into .
tr	O	It was heavier than she 'd expected ; she 'd never held one before .
tr	O	I 'd known that he loved me , and no silly block of compressed carbon was going to prove anything more .
tr	O	Chris surveyed the area from the ceiling all the way to the floor .
tr	O	The class resigned in agreement that they could never surpass the class valedictorian and salutatorian .
tr	O	She wanted to understand how their deaths came about .
tr	I	I thought for a minute , chewing on lip my .
tr	I	◊ Paula was alone in the house with Tammy keep to her company .
tr	O	I look for an escape route with no luck I curl up trying to make myself smaller .
tr	I	Of course could she .
tr	I	I follow his gaze to a middle-aged woman with streaks blue in her hair and earrings all the way down her earlobe .
tr	O	They strapped her in and rolled her down a hallway .
tr	I	Her mother stood against the counter in her own robe , arms folded stubbornly across chest her .
tr	O	He jumped and leaped back involuntarily .
tr	I	He opened the door of shed the , waiting until they had reached him .
tr	I	He says pulling his cloak over his while head walking in the direction the trio went .
tr	O	JJ and Lacey are standing in the corner , fighting .
tr	O	Besides Vaughan , there were four other vampires in the tavern , all sitting at separate tables .
tr	O	They had no idea that Callum knew that they were still amassing and planning their attack for after the New Year .
tr	O	It might have been eight days before Christmas , when the old woman had to leave the house again one evening for such a purpose .
tr	O	It was night and she stalked toward a giant , muscled man with yellow scales instead of skin .
tr	O	In the few days that Amy had been away the landscape had changed dramatically .
tr	O	he asked with a glance at the ceiling .
tr	O	It gave her the confidence of knowing she was making the right choice - at least , the right choice for now .
tr	I	McKenzie looked finally up and met her friend 's gaze .
tr	O	I thought it was funny they gave me Spanish as a foreign language class , considering I was fluent .
tr	O	Chances are that rogues have both of them , and since he 's hunting the rogues , he might come across them .
tr	O	Instead , every time he looked at her his teenage body had gone into overdrive .
tr	O	I 'm not sure how bright it will be with only four hours of class per day .
tr	O	Drake asked as she led them to a dark nook shielded by a low fence .
tr	I	A TALL MAN , ventured he .
tr	O	He went into the back room .
tr	I	So why a did small part of her want to believe this man ?
tr	O	You can 't come to the port .
tr	O	But before I knew it , Nash kissed me and I was quickly lost in his lips .
tr	I	I was doing pretty well at holding the shit until in I saw the tears in my dad 's eyes .
tr	O	I used to see him in the common room , occasionally .
tr	I	Hotels all use electronic locks card now on their room doors .
tr	O	She 'd heard the excuses before , those and a dozen more .
tr	I	To run away , search for Mom , or to get go Dad .
tr	O	Eve paid Gran for the treats she 'd ordered .
tr	O	She couldn 't say no .
tr	O	And once again he noticed the strange , alien gait , the movement that seemed to belong more to the animal kingdom than the human world .
tr	I	I spoke to him as would I a faithful servant and he responded well .
tr	I	Already her mind was over turning of its own accord , and throwing up questions to which there was no ready answer .
tr	O	A hunger born of two lifetimes .
tr	O	The chemical they prescribed for one malady only created another .
tr	O	One was a deep gray , the other brown , neither one quite as tall as the first .
tr	I	Then you stop should worrying about his designs on me .
tr	I	While she was facing rehab and her getting entire life back on track , my problem had seemed to work itself out in a matter of days .
tr	O	Why should she go to see him ?
tr	O	Echo shook her head .
tr	O	The first graduates have already provided evidence that these projects are successful .
tr	I	Yet , felt he as if he were intruding on two lovers .
tr	I	And if the boy what ... was his name ?
tr	I	Like you suggested , it 's much not fun anymore . '
tr	I	She owed to it Jason , to Cain , to herself .
tr	I	I need time more .
tr	O	And if that were the case , my gut told me that they wouldn 't hesitate to do anything to rectify the problem .
tr	I	she to said us .
tr	I	You don 't need an appointment to see me , just by drop anytime .
tr	I	Did love she Garrett ?
tr	I	We walked over to 5th Ave and meandered our way uptown looking at the shops while she about talked her schooldays in Russia .
tr	O	It was how they supported themselves .
tr	O	He knew he had just screwed himself , and that gave me a little bubble of smug pride .
tr	O	And without Gray , there were no odds .
tr	O	Basalt climbed the stairs feeling a little more pleased as he now had some more money , but was still concerned as to finding a job .
tr	O	I had to find the gateway .
tr	I	You 're a big , rich , single guy the on prowl .
tr	I	At the last moment he comes life to , bending his knees and rolling across the sidewalk beside me .
tr	O	But for all the charm Lori thinks I have ( and I used to think I had ) , I 've got nothing to say .
tr	O	He heard only the anguished pleas of a man who was a terrible liar .
tr	O	Finally Dad tossed the controls down .
tr	O	The implant itself seemed completely unharmed .
tr	I	Hazard came over to join her and seemed to be able to talk to the some mother by hissing .
tr	I	I 've said many prayers that answered were exactly as I believed they would be .
tr	O	I looked around to see if anyone was listening but everyone else seemed to be engrossed in conversation and oblivious to us .
tr	O	All I did that entire year was sit on my bed and think of what I 'd done .
tr	I	Lady Arista her clicked tongue .
tr	O	His gaze jerked back to meet mine .
tr	O	Yuri had no doubt .
tr	O	She shook her head .
tr	O	Calamity awaits the undeserving .
tr	O	Noah understood that this was a dismissal .
tr	I	I also take pride in the fact I that know the proper strokes for writing letters by hand , and can do so quite legibly .
tr	I	Tyler shuts his eyes against the ; images guilt coats his words .
tr	I	Victoria and Thayer smiled as they looked at other each .
tr	I	Impossibly , it was Tilda - another version Tilda of , holding the Eternity Ring .
tr	I	Do you know what my mother said to me the last time I her saw ?
tr	I	Dak stared at it for a long time , as the if answer might appear in the stitches .
tr	I	Susan her did best to prop him up as , swaying and slipping , they made their way back to the exit .
tr	I	You 're going to me make laugh again .
tr	O	Kayden looks torn as he glances from me to Seth and then out the front window and into the night .
tr	O	Around eleven forty-five , I stopped what I was doing and I called Sarah .
tr	O	Her eyes met mine , looking genuinely remorseful .
tr	O	I didn 't mean to upset you .
tr	O	Or did I run out there and sign everyone else up for their own deaths ?
tr	O	I know you had your differences with Barrett , but I hope that my friendship with him isn 't going to be a problem .
tr	I	She being hates reminded of the past .
tr	I	If you feel sad looking at me , Then smile again for look I not at you .
tr	O	Usually she had her face buried in her hands or she left the room .
tr	I	His hand slid up back my .
tr	O	He finally sliced his strawberry waffles and took a bite as well .
tr	I	Once again , he dropped to his knees cupped and her face .
tr	I	He gave up then and let just her do her work .
tr	I	His fingers traced along the curve of her thigh and gasped she when they stopped high up on her hips , then dipped down lower .
tr	I	The tops rain the list .
tr	I	I can 't hold it in longer any .
tr	O	Then I remembered that Melissa had borrowed my car to drive to Benton Harbor and check on her mom .
tr	O	A moment of shocked silence followed before Angela shrieked with pure delight .
tr	O	But you will meet my friends .
tr	O	The rat looked at him impatiently .
tr	I	Bob nodded , turning the car around so fast the wheels underneath squeaked them .
tr	I	Asher doesn 't respond and I it lose , tears cascading out of my eyes .
tr	O	He pointed to the flash on the screen just before dawn .
tr	I	Ah , hell , he didn 't what know .
tr	O	She stopped crying for a moment and pulled back to look at me .
tr	I	I 'll lay by out the pool , then take a swim .
tr	O	As he ordered the cab , she felt him watching her as she sat down on one of the chairs to put on her shoes .
tr	I	Arjuna watched self his as in real-time video .
tr	I	Nate could see he was trying to work out why was he sat on the floor .
tr	I	Sometimes , she dated younger men , but they were immature and afraid a of strong , educated woman .
tr	I	Our job is to get you to safe a location .
tr	I	He wasn 't a very big guy , but he a had dangerous look about him .
tr	O	The lawyer sat perfectly still .
tr	O	I wouldn 't be able to do it .
tr	I	But that was just one out dozens of of problems you caused me .
tr	I	He lifted my and hands began undoing the rope .
tr	O	A shiver ran through me .
tr	O	Two more shots rang out , and Jesse 's body thumped beside me .
tr	O	A moment later Kurt walked into the kitchen and smiled when he saw us drinking coffee .
tr	I	I guessed the were boys preparing something else .
tr	I	The old man stopped his story at this and point started coughing .
tr	O	There was movement at his feet .
tr	I	You are in fact an even who will have odds as slaves work in your father 's business .
tr	I	You 'll never get a chance live to like this again .
tr	I	He digs into his pocket pulls and out a wallet .
tr	I	At the back sliding glass door he reached out a hand steady to himself .
tr	O	He then sat , heavily and wearily , though what he had done had required remarkably little physical exertion .
tr	O	And this party is a little bit too crazy for my tastes .
tr	I	Dropping the barrel onto the sand , he drew his cutlass and prepared to be attacked , searching for frantically any aggressors .
tr	O	The girls run all-out fearing the worst .
tr	I	I was turned sideways , my back to her , her warming knees the lower right side of my hip .
tr	I	His name 's Simms Roy .
tr	I	The waiter came back with two wine glasses and a colorful ceramic pitcher shaped like chicken a .
tr	O	Said that he just needed to get away from all of his crazy fans .
tr	O	William is speaking from across the room , waiting in the hallway with an irritated expression .
tr	I	Brick up stood to answer it .
tr	O	The pressure of his hard leg pressed against my core caused a small purr to rip from my throat .
tr	O	Victor and Rick exchanged glances .
tr	I	Phoenix revved his again engine .
tr	O	The old captain raised an eyebrow as if somewhat interested .
tr	O	Oh , she 'd never been in any real danger , but watching the bulls and people run by had been a thrill .
tr	I	After Sergio seated Mandi in the passenger seat his of car he walked around and sat down in the driver 's seat .
tr	O	He soon found his way blocked .
tr	O	I can lob it back or I can choose to let it lie there .
tr	I	Jane 's face burned shame with .
tr	O	Gramps is napping anyway , and it 's not the same working without him here .
tr	O	He wore an animal hat with a striped tail that dangled over the back of his neck .
tr	I	The new arrival bent over assist to Fiji , who felt ridiculously embarrassed to have a man of his age helping her .
tr	O	Noah turned on his heel and marched back into the hotel .
tr	O	When they reached the place where young lovers usually parked , she saw the area was deserted .
tr	O	He wanted to know about the others and to understand it , so he could figure out a solution .
tr	I	My husband 's is land prime property and the bank wants it because of that .
tr	I	Cochrane looked uneasy , plainly inclined to wring every ounce of leverage political he could from this meeting and yet convinced that the bill was necessary .
tr	I	It almost appeared as if Royce had walked just out of the house , but Billie knew finding the syringe said otherwise .
tr	I	There was a tea and cup a tray of cookies on the table .
tr	I	I knew that they were worried about how I was going to after adapt moving out of my parent 's house .
tr	I	Laci her shook head .
tr	O	Grace pulled back just enough to gaze into his eyes .
tr	O	Getting a call this early in the morning made him a bit nervous .
tr	O	And that 's when the window starts to rattle .
tr	O	I ask that you trust me that I am telling you the truth .
tr	I	And did , night every , though she had no control over what she witnessed .
tr	O	His blond hair is styled in that messy , spiky way .
tr	O	Tyler snatches the gun , whacking him with it .
tr	O	No doubt about it , I was going to most likely explode from want .
tr	O	Immediately after , he started worrying that someone would come and see them with an unconscious woman at their feet behind some bushes .
tr	O	The only place she desired to be .
tr	O	Milton ran back into the kitchen holding a paper airplane .
tr	I	From the moment he had entered operating her room she had collected tissue and blood samples for the records .
tr	O	The door was locked tight so she moved from window to window trying to get a glimpse of the interior .
tr	I	But never so helplessly .
tr	O	He went to the front door and swung it open .
tr	I	As he expected , the woman 's skepticism dissipated quickly .
tr	I	General Edwards relaxed by putting his feet on desk his and tilting back on his chair .
tr	O	The German looked at Alexia with a distinct air of covetousness .
tr	I	He pulled his shirt down smoothed and it straight .
tr	O	I just left Jan. .
tr	O	But they were over .
tr	I	The big problem was ... she didn want 't to lose her family .
tr	O	The wall around the temple itself is no more than a decoration .
tr	O	As they slid down the precipitous plunge Gordian threw himself after them .
tr	I	When we speak at all , it 's with politeness eminent .
tr	O	He sinks in his seat , uneasy .
tr	O	Ending their pathetic lives in a ritual she had perfected over time returned some of her strength and youth , but none of her powers .
tr	I	Gavin lifted eyebrow an at my statement , but didn 't say anything .
tr	O	Devon was feeling surprisingly sober after her rendezvous in the restroom .
tr	O	I stood in my spot and watched him end the conversation .
tr	I	He tied the mop back into the cupboard then sneaked back down the into darkness of the sleeping quarters , and curled up on his mat .
tr	O	This immediately identified the stranger , as far as the carter was concerned .
tr	O	Nobody looked like she could be a Reaper in disguise , and nobody seemed like he wanted to kil me .
tr	I	You have eternity ahead you of .
tr	O	I scratch my head , confused .
tr	O	Sam kept busy most days , plus he was married and had a different life .
tr	I	Do you doubt the of prowess my warriors ?
tr	I	He was looking down at me , his eyes , could I see , soft in the candlelight .
tr	I	Instead they were quite happy to get entrance to such a secure building at affordable an price .
tr	I	We just don 't get the like income we once did .
tr	I	She took my hand , me pulling to the other side of the room .
tr	O	But that was all he had the time to do .
tr	I	He assumed the blood on it was from their last catch , and he didn 't think it at suspicious all .
tr	I	The open grasslands to the north of us had always been uninhabited before - unless you count the wild and horses cattle .
tr	O	That was all that mattered .
tr	I	No use fretting about it ; Travis saw as her a geek .
tr	I	He would never forgive who did horrendous that thing .
tr	I	I manage to piss her off as as much I. . .
tr	O	Especially after having been away so long .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure whether to take that one , but finally nodded .
tr	I	She picked up the and flyers handed them to Lydia then walked her to the door .
tr	I	Kelly 's shoulders and slumped he rolled his eyes .
tr	O	-- A harsh tone sounded in his right ear , three times , indicating that the link to his mother 's communicator had been cut .
tr	I	He got suddenly a grim look on his face .
tr	O	We thank you for the letter and your bravery .
tr	I	Despite her to effort hold in her amusement , Maryanne laughed .
tr	I	I search the house from top to and bottom find nothing .
tr	I	Riley stepped back and again was so still it that was hard to say she had ever been in motion .
tr	O	She shook herself from her own crazy thoughts .
tr	O	Cowboys never caught her attention in the past but he sure grabbed her 's .
tr	O	Brendon noted that there were plenty of gardens in the area and waited at the top of the road whilst Kenny rang the doorbell of number 415 .
tr	I	I didn 't want to , but I felt I had to talk go to him .
tr	O	She 'd tried to sleep countless times , but the rest her body craved continued to elude her .
tr	O	He stared up into the autumn night sky and saw the stars so clearly he thought for a minute he must be hallucinating .
tr	O	You could use that to excuse Hitler if you wanted to -- he was just doing the best he could with what he had .
tr	I	He his swung legs into the opening , fumbling with a toe to find the first rung .
tr	O	To create something good in the chaos that ruled my heart and mind .
tr	I	She glared me at .
tr	I	I felt 's Fred eyes on me .
tr	I	Joey 's mouth open dropped , snapped closed , and then he reached for his phone .
tr	I	Yet another picture of the woman same on the snowboard doing some sort of flip in mid air .
tr	O	James fell against the couch cushions , but sat up as a random thought hit him .
tr	I	I smell could the brine from the ocean .
tr	O	I certainly had to correct that reference and find some other possible and less known ancestor for my purposes .
tr	O	I just couldn 't get free and he was taking me down .
tr	I	Henderson gets up walks and to the tail section of the airplane , retrieves an orange duffel bag and brings it back to the fire .
tr	I	That was on not my radar .
tr	O	There was a mud smear on the bottom of his left trouser leg .
tr	I	It was filled with and ideas waffle under every heading .
tr	O	' Do you need a lift ? '
tr	O	She captured his hand and brought it to her mouth , kissing his palm .
tr	I	It is deserted and eerie ; grey the carpet appears black in the darkness , the walls a murky blue .
tr	O	But he left abruptly without saying good-bye .
tr	O	there are some pieces of cut cord lying nearby ! '
tr	O	He grinned , then flashed me a quick , sly wink .
tr	I	He headed a Fortune 500 Company that employed thousands of people all over world the .
tr	I	Borland poured good a one .
tr	I	Tracing a person 's background the in world of humans was much easier than determining the origins of those with supernatural powers .
tr	O	The two cops look at me .
tr	O	It 's not a pretty place .
tr	O	He was , for once , thankful for her predictability .
tr	O	During his two-year stint , he had discovered a talent for killing and had stayed on after his two years were up .
tr	I	All good things ... really do come to end an , don 't they ?
tr	I	I stopped and folded my across arms my chest , looking at him .
tr	O	The crackling , unstable insecurity she 'd seen in the car on Thanksgiving night was gone .
tr	I	He see could only three .
tr	I	But Paul all knew about what happened last Saturday night .
tr	I	She suddenly realized it was someone else not and her husband lying next to her .
tr	I	I look Viola at .
tr	I	I slip behind and Shark send out a tube of my own , all the time battling the demons .
tr	O	He shakes his head and puts the matches into his pocket .
tr	I	Although , it wasn 't probably she that will wait for him through almost a decade .
tr	O	The kid hoisted the thing up over his head .
tr	O	You still think you 're playing with the big boys downtown ?
tr	O	He 's meeting her in the city tomorrow , ' he said , and paused as he listened to the reply .
tr	O	This time I didn 't argue .
tr	I	The remaining coffee frozen had inside the mug .
tr	I	He had decided to what do .
tr	O	She sighs and rests her head against the pillow .
tr	I	The Spartan slammed into Preston , knocking Reaper the and his sword away from me .
tr	I	There no was competition .
tr	I	But Patch right was .
tr	I	Can I take a with picture you ?
tr	I	Noah waved nervously at the two young women within sat .
tr	O	Instead , we hang a right and head to the in-house labs .
tr	O	And it 's only for one night .
tr	I	We laugh together , and at that moment , Jack and Colton by sprint .
tr	I	I am just following the basic outline of Rome 's Revolution and inspiration find on every page .
tr	O	With a quick whisper , a metal pole sailed through the air and pierced Hades ' chest .
tr	I	Wind and filled buzzing my ears .
tr	O	Most padlocks were easy to get through with picks .
tr	O	Afterwards , in the youth hall , the entire church convened for a Christmas dinner and that was the little contact I had with her .
tr	O	She took one step toward the stairs , but his sharp intake of breath stopped her .
tr	O	Things were getting too complicated .
tr	O	When the war is over I think .
tr	I	Stefan and Bonnie had been washing something pitch-black out her of hair .
tr	O	I had traded for everything I wanted .
tr	I	In fact it takes everything in me not to ask if they 're twins because I happen to know they not 're .
tr	I	I could feel burn tears in my eyes .
tr	I	Lauren her rolled eyes .
tr	O	We drill until I sense that their exhaustion outstrips their ability to focus .
tr	O	He was prepared in all ways and confident .
tr	O	He grabbed her by the arm , pushed her into the darkened room and slapped a hand over her mouth , stifling her screams .
tr	I	I felt like I was caressing the mist or massaging the phenomenon to the make sparks burst into being .
tr	O	She wasn 't even sure if what they had been doing qualified as a real relationship , at least to him .
tr	O	Psyche could speak plain when she was three ; do you tell me the gods have not yet come so far ?
tr	O	He wasn 't damned yet .
tr	O	She frowned and shook her head .
tr	I	There something 's wrong with our calculations .
tr	O	It was just her and Morgan .
tr	I	A gate lifts he and drives through .
tr	I	His hands were clenched two into fists and rested on his muscular thighs .
tr	I	The threat of Sali werewolf 's forced Jeremy to back up .
tr	I	This looked place haunted , and the dim light didn 't comfort me .
tr	I	This would way be too much for him to handle , let alone survive .
tr	I	Ash inclined his head down Chartres Street to the two figures who were straight headed for them .
tr	I	A deep noise of male appreciation escaped from him as he found I was for ready him .
tr	I	He stares me at .
tr	O	I knew there was something else going on , but he did not seem to be inclined to share .
tr	I	He ran to the large overhead door used by Sikorsky the , prepared to disable an intruder , if it should be the case .
tr	I	You have should told us you had a sword !
tr	I	Shane gently reached out and my grabbed hand .
tr	O	He was born and raised in central France .
tr	O	Mrs. Vader popped her head out the door of the office .
tr	I	He could never have made an her ally .
tr	I	Thus far they had done well , Anon most was impressed .
tr	I	Her voice , gentle and melodious , followed him out door the .
tr	O	She shifted her gaze to the house and noticed him in the window watching .
tr	O	Why didn 't you speak to him ?
tr	O	In total we had hoped for the survivability of 500 million individuals within the bunker systems .
tr	O	Josiah ended the call with a sigh ; he had last minute plans to make .
tr	O	Molly worked under a different manager and had known Richard long enough that she could get away with such comments .
tr	I	Love concentrated the on traffic .
tr	O	They 're out to take over as much of the world as they can get .
tr	I	He hoped that this man may have come from the place same as Malik , and that Malik might even have sent him in his stead .
tr	O	Hating the cool kids takes an awful lot of energy , and I 'd given up on it a long time ago .
tr	I	Chairman Z drifted off , of dreaming a different time and a different place .
tr	I	And a half-hearted warrior is worst the kind to have .
tr	O	Ashe skipped his passengers to Texas .
tr	O	Jared 's head dipped slightly as he attempted a nod .
tr	I	He was so handsome unbelievably when he smiled at her in this manner .
tr	I	It wasn 't like they had lot a of bills .
tr	O	He had managed to knock over the chair and was standing in the middle of the patio , apparently barking at the front door .
tr	I	It would be like trying marry to a rich woman for her money .
tr	O	Solstice started laughing along with Foley .
tr	I	The champagne distributed was quickly .
tr	I	She put gloves on , and so did the nurse .
tr	O	He smiled softly at me , a smaller version of his goofy grin that usually lit my heart .
tr	I	Taking a to blow the head or the ribs is one thing .
tr	I	He spat out last the bit of vomit from his mouth .
tr	O	Soon we could see farther into the cave .
tr	I	Lord , he good felt .
tr	I	My face started flaming as I stared at the thing lacy .
tr	I	Your mom loved you more than anything and she wanted safe you and to grow up loved .
tr	O	A bruise marked the little girl 's cheek .
tr	I	But now right , Camille was on top and she had to be the bigger person .
tr	O	Part of me actually felt bad for Ash .
tr	O	She pulled at the collar of the dress she wore .
tr	I	Did Liam engage in illegal activity on side the ?
tr	I	I can never explain to you how terrifying these men and are I pray you never meet them .
tr	I	Dean stared at the number sixteen on Evy 's apartment door , the folded note in hand his and a lump in his throat .
tr	O	Tessa woke to a stream of beautiful morning sunshine spilling through her bedroom window .
tr	O	That has been all that I could remember of that day .
tr	I	If there was ever any wonder I why made a horrible spy , I 'd just proven the point .
tr	O	Was moving on just over a year later too fast ?
tr	O	He was already stubborn as anything .
tr	O	Seek out the chariot of the Steward and sabotage its left wheel axle , the inside wheel .
tr	O	He flipped on the television sitting high above the bar .
tr	I	She before shrugged going back down on me .
tr	O	Everyone is staring at me .
tr	O	I wonder what enjoyment he gets puffing on each cigarette .
tr	I	His hand lingered on cheek my , surprisingly gentle compared to what came out of his mouth next .
tr	I	Damn it all hell to .
tr	I	It was the perfect place for a chat quiet , sure to be unheard by anyone outside of two feet .
tr	I	Duncan smiled , and braced Ian his legs .
tr	O	He hoped the badge wouldn 't be missed before Sunday when he planned to come back .
tr	O	On the front porch , the furniture was pristine yet inviting .
tr	O	I do believe it .
tr	O	She could feel herself melting deeper into him , completely losing the thread of where she ended and he began .
tr	I	He didn 't belong a in city like Victoria .
tr	O	He thought , looking out across the lake , his face very somber .
tr	O	She woke while I was tending her , and then left .
tr	I	Can you keep me for a short time until he is that convinced I have told you nothing , then send me home ? '
tr	I	She stood apart from him , her pale face now .
tr	I	Honesty his filled brown eyes .
tr	O	She looked at her watch .
tr	I	His fingers tightened around my thigh a for second before relaxing once more .
tr	O	This murder was different .
tr	O	The girl 's eyes began to bleed .
tr	I	A band called Looking Machine Back was set up in the middle of Tremont Street .
tr	O	Even with all that , though , could she ignore his insistence on calling all the shots ?
tr	I	As much as I loved basketball , was it nothing compared to the way I felt holding a Guardian sword .
tr	I	She laughed , a crow caw 's that made the hair on the back of his neck rise .
tr	O	She crossed her ankles and looked around the room , the ghost of a smile playing around her lips .
tr	I	Painter instead to turned Metcalf .
tr	I	We drove home saying nothing else , but she took my hand again as we walked up to our and house led me to the kitchen .
tr	I	Nicole looked the at two older women at the table .
tr	O	Everything had happened so fast .
tr	I	Things never would be the same between them , but then again maybe they would end up being better .
tr	I	Thanks for enjoyable many hours Mickey !
tr	O	Not that Miranda was a great example ... Shirley didn 't count Will Jefferson as a real date .
tr	O	The snow fell harder and the wind whipped through Jules 's shirt like I wasn 't wearing anything .
tr	O	The gold jewelry told me more than anything else that she finally , truly believed that I was dead .
tr	I	The room was just like room the I had been in before the wall collapsed and it was filled with dirt .
tr	I	When Sonny walked into shaking the trailer , he was greeted by the hot steam of dinner .
tr	I	We showed you from the time you were but a little girl how truthful and helpful the University has been to world the .
tr	I	They 'd never liked her much to begin with -- thanks to Barker Reverend .
tr	I	I knew the disdain he already felt was just a small fraction of what he would feel when he saw my wasted decrepit and face .
tr	O	Good grief , her imagination was running away from her .
tr	O	Unfortunately , the werewolves at the door hadn 't frozen .
tr	I	He darted back to the door opened and it , looking up and down the street .
tr	I	She really me got sweating . '
tr	O	For a moment Jenny wished she had the dreadful handbag that Mum and Dad had bought her .
tr	O	He smiled and listened to their excited words .
tr	O	Down on the floor , below them , like a nut job .
tr	I	More tension builds and I calculate the distance to door the .
tr	O	Rif helped Night down from the ledge and latched the window shut behind her .
tr	I	Cutting into the air , weariness on his face , launched he forward onto Roberto 's sword .
tr	O	He must find his contact and set in motion events that would change the world : forever .
tr	O	Strange , for me .
tr	I	Brady a took deep breath and steeled himself for what he was about to do .
tr	I	Finally Noah stopped and slanted her look a .
tr	O	But maybe not angrily .
tr	O	She moved close to him .
tr	I	And the masculine face was a sight to behold , savage , raw , elemental , pulling all of her feminine to instincts the surface .
tr	I	She her shook head .
tr	O	Guys are always falling all over you .
tr	O	The tabloids love a good scandal .
tr	O	Whole suburbs and housing districts disintegrated .
tr	I	I 'd already done the laundry , ironing , and on bathrooms my first visit of the week on Tuesday morning .
tr	I	Nick just frowned and continued Jimmy following .
tr	I	growled from Barton beneath the bed .
tr	O	Was that all he 'd needed to put the entire incident out of his mind ?
tr	I	But the Sioux warriors were among them and their used knives and their guns and killed all .
tr	O	She was embarrassed and angry and scared .
tr	I	The one who wasn 't convinced paintings by could read the golden plate on his desk .
tr	I	She looks at the pumpkin ravioli , the hunk of sourdough in hand her .
tr	O	If this six foot child had been a girl , especially if dressed in the same fashion , he would not have minded at all .
tr	O	The lady was full of surprises .
tr	O	She 'd said this before and needed to say it again .
tr	O	She returned to Graeme and he once more sat on the bed , pulling her into his lap .
tr	I	Undeterred , he made sure his hands were tightly gripping and gave another , more extended , pull .
tr	I	At you least know your feelings for him are genuine and not bought .
tr	I	My parents instilled me on early with the provisions that would enable me to excel .
tr	I	He had witnessed the rise fall and of empires .
tr	O	I pressed my forehead against the window and closed my eyes .
tr	I	Next , I ran to the lake , and , placing folded the leaf between my teeth , swam toward Mona 's house .
tr	O	Let him think what he wanted .
tr	I	Pippin 's voice very fell low as if he was talking to himself .
tr	O	The crowd was screaming beyond anything ever achieved in a wrestling event .
tr	I	The short answer is I don 't know and 's there no way to tell .
tr	I	Next , I called 's Jesse grandfather , Howard Taylor .
tr	I	I can 't pretend like any this of is all right .
tr	I	The woman led him to a minor door into the castle main .
tr	I	Totally embarrassed , 7 turned to the kitchen , hitting door the hard .
tr	I	Lief felt as if he the was entire universe , and nothing , at the same time .
tr	O	She touched her cheeks , wondering what the hell she 'd done wrong .
tr	O	Steven 's blood was slowly rising to a boil .
tr	O	He couldn 't believe she was here .
tr	O	There are action movies that glorify violence and the dog-eat-dog world in which we live .
tr	I	Her was mind on getting as much information from Jack as possible .
tr	I	There was a young onboard kid .
tr	I	I 'd never tell that her part , though .
tr	O	This wolf has caused too damage already .
tr	I	Though he wanted to smash something , he forced to himself thank the fisherman .
tr	I	He asked me about what I thought would the be future of the Island .
tr	I	He 'd jumped her like a slavering animal , forcing himself on her her despite struggles .
tr	O	She took one of my ankles in her hand , pushed up and made as if to swing my leg around the beast 's neck .
tr	O	Her oval face , pointed nose , and slightly chunkier frame looked nothing like Ali 's , but Emily just ... knew .
tr	O	Forcing myself up on the edge of the bed , I noticed someone standing by the door .
tr	O	With luck , that would add a layer of unrest to Charles 's last day here on Earth and added torment when he returned to Hell .
tr	O	So close , they had all come so close to dying tonight .
tr	O	He stretched up , taking hold of the huge sword hilt to steady himself , and placed the Orb on the great sword 's pommel .
tr	I	She 't hadn been sleeping well and had only turned off the light fifteen minutes before .
tr	O	His eyes burned into her an instant before he pushed himself up from the bed .
tr	I	He 't didn react much .
tr	I	I thrust my forward hand in an offer to shake his hand .
tr	O	I don 't know a Maddie ... what did you say the last name is ?
tr	O	Well , Dan was working on a house nearby .
tr	O	He didn 't even check out my lacy pink bra as he gently eased the sweater down my left arm .
tr	I	Joe sat front in of his mother 's bed .
tr	I	MaryAnn put her hands on her hips regarded and him from head to toe .
tr	O	The man was hardly the fastidiously dressed individual I had read so much about .
tr	O	Her hands shook as she switched on the Sat Nav , trying to keep her scattered thoughts on the road ahead .
tr	I	The soft crunching of gravel shook her back the to present and she steeled herself for his arrival .
tr	O	Finding something in Indigo that echoed her own hunger , or fed it .
tr	I	Ironic , from coming him .
tr	I	I didn 't have tell to him anything , but I did anyway .
tr	O	As she drew them , Mab saw the handmaidens ' eyes over the top of the Queen 's bent head .
tr	I	Devil 's balls , he but had been an idiot .
tr	O	She fights for her friends .
tr	I	He 'd carried her to truck the and probably had done the same for Josef after he 'd collapsed a second time beside her .
tr	O	This extravagant gift only reminded her of how different their lives had become .
tr	I	His grin widened when he saw the damp spot her on underwear , indisputable evidence that she was extremely turned on .
tr	O	Could he ever stop hurting her ?
tr	I	There was nothing like trying to edit your material own .
tr	I	Chapter 37 Kat When walked into the lab , it was decidedly different from the first time she 'd seen it .
tr	O	Yet , he wasn 't a child ; he was an old man .
tr	I	I made a circle in the air my with finger - Come around the house , Pam - and pointed at the front door .
tr	O	He rolled on to the floor and shot the man on the right with a two quick blasts before the kidnapper could move .
tr	O	I rushed things a little obviously or I would never have involuntarily displaced myself , but I don 't regret the result .
tr	I	He shoves it the down front of my shirt .
tr	O	Her tongue poked out of her mouth and then she bit her lip .
tr	O	He licked the syrup off his fingers .
tr	I	She Simon heard , behind her , shout something ; Jace was shaking his head .
tr	I	The least and provocation he would strike .
tr	I	She into stepped the hall and closed Chloe 's door .
tr	I	That left me the empty barn they used as kitchen a .
tr	O	Matteo exited the car before I could stop him , opening our door and extending a hand to Cass .
tr	I	She climbed onto that , then up his arm and onto his chest until she could stretch out stomach down , her head right his under snout .
tr	O	Without thinking , I pressed a single , light kiss to her lips and pulled back , looking in her eyes once more .
tr	I	That she meant still had a chance .
tr	I	I knew I wasn 't going to do anything too outlandish ; it would safer be to take it slow with Charlie .
tr	O	I don 't know how long I sit there holding her hand ( An hour ?
tr	O	He didn 't bother to disguise his curiosity .
tr	O	He didn 't move for a while .
tr	O	I think he 's that one standing off to the right side , Rabbit , ' he said .
tr	I	' He was a brute and hurt in me every way possible since I was a child .
tr	O	It was Gene Van Sykes .
tr	I	His sharp features softened had with age , making him look almost avuncular .
tr	I	I a was private eye .
tr	I	And that was something he felt suddenly desperate to avoid .
tr	I	She was ... just large .
tr	I	Ken said , supporting arm my .
tr	O	When Kamil catches up to him , he sees Adel trying on a suit that reminds him of what he sees pimps in Hollywood wear .
tr	O	Would he think she was desperate and hard up ?
tr	I	Somehow they had ended up at the tail-end of a long , snaking column of undead traveling in same the general direction .
tr	I	He waited for her regain to her footing .
tr	O	Leon : Look at him .
tr	I	Hope in sparked my chest .
tr	I	Nic 's voice incredulous was .
tr	I	He glanced at the other boy again and found him watching him , green his eyes intense and waiting .
tr	O	And he does get sidetracked .
tr	O	That she was the person that connected them couldn 't ever truly be disregarded , but I didn 't want to derail their progress .
tr	O	Glen 's plan was to start up a conversation and his tenant didn 't need much prompting .
tr	O	Confusion rolled through Chloe 's mind .
tr	I	I was when shocked Logan hugged me .
tr	O	It always speeded up when she was with him .
tr	I	It looked like were they condemning him for something .
tr	I	Her physical wounds heal would ; he was not sure the emotional ones would .
tr	I	He inspected me for bites any .
tr	I	Chloe frowned at thought the .
tr	I	Jeff picked up his cereal bowl and the drank remainder of the milk in loud gulps .
tr	I	I saw that her above throne was the roaring face of a lion .
tr	O	Instead , as they ate , Grace told him how happy she was that her kids seemed to be adjusting so well to life here .
tr	O	The chase around the huge dining table took on a romp like quality .
tr	I	Christian released a contented groan and placed his empty bowl on the beside floor him .
tr	O	He was feeling déjà vu , but he continued on with his plan .
tr	I	Could Big Darius have something witnessed like this and tried to blackmail the acolyte ?
tr	I	What he been 'd dreading .
tr	O	When Charles had given her that underwear ?
tr	I	I as might well have had one .
tr	I	I saw him into fall the abyss . ' '
tr	O	He lifted my chin with his finger .
tr	I	I nodded head my against the pillows .
tr	I	The crowd cheered and back slapped each person as his or name her was read .
tr	O	That was a definite sign that she was getting better .
tr	I	It felt years like ago .
tr	I	He grabbed back the of her hair in his fist and angled her neck back .
tr	O	She was thinking of the Witch Dungeon at Salem , where she and Chris and Doug had scuttled through narrow corridors lined with tiny dark cells .
tr	O	He pul ed her into his arms and held her .
tr	I	The beings went silent anticipation in .
tr	I	At the time , I could do nothing more than passively watch .
tr	O	He looked at R.V. with one set and at me with the other .
tr	I	When I reached my wardrobe and picked out a fresh shirt , I heard movement me behind .
tr	I	She glanced at over Mito .
tr	O	After all , it was expected that he would present his bride-to-be to his family .
tr	O	Now you can do the same thing if you go on your stomach .
tr	O	He was already in bed when I returned , so I crawled in next to him .
tr	I	You don 't know how to anymore feel .
tr	O	Then he would remind her just what she 'd given up by disappearing so long ago .
tr	I	Zoey hid behind the door and watched agent the charge into room 1B .
tr	I	Now he was dead so and was his mistress .
tr	I	We 're the more creeping around in dark , submerged tunnels types . '
tr	I	Without blinking , keeping his gaze the upon giant beast , he uttered a short spell to the breeze .
tr	I	The lesson continues Rose until begins to feel comfortable with her new instructor .
tr	I	And for the very first last and time , she doesn 't come back to me .
tr	O	I made decisions in my life and they had consequences .
tr	O	Minimal cost , just elbow grease and labor .
tr	I	But even they had no idea of real the reason for the divorce .
tr	I	The conductors into stepped the compartment .
tr	O	Still , she couldn 't stop wincing at every little noise .
tr	I	His smiled eyes sadly at her .
tr	O	A group of ten warriors suddenly rose twenty feet into the air , then fell back to the ground , shattering on impact .
tr	O	Like Jed and me , many of the wolves in my pack were Resilient .
tr	I	I snap my gaze back up to his and he 's grinning again mischievously .
tr	I	She had reached the of end the memories that she and Stefan had found .
tr	I	But she frustratingly remained silent .
tr	I	She tried to remember where 'd she left her clothes .
tr	O	He lifted his hands up , and I saw that his fingers were drenched in blood .
tr	I	( She on turns the lamp . )
tr	I	She wasn just 't an ex anymore .
tr	I	It come had from me .
tr	O	He 's one of those people who was born skipping , and he 's an amazing talent , and he needs to be happy all the time .
tr	I	You would think we didn 't have to anything show for ourselves other than dead bodies in the bushes and fingers in peoples ' rooms .
tr	I	This was not good for any of us all at .
tr	O	The rage that threatened to overwhelm me had abated .
tr	I	Pulling from my grip , he back went to walking down the lot .
tr	I	Simple , that was , Kincaid until sought them out .
tr	O	he said while plunking it down next to the bed he wanted .
tr	O	Two men were framed in the light , one human , one not .
tr	O	My body is one giant contradiction .
tr	O	Principal has no right to give orders to the visitors .
tr	I	This place is dangerous , but I suppose it 's no more than so the city itself .
tr	O	That stabbed at my heart .
tr	I	The pads of his fingers 't weren smooth like they should be .
tr	I	Oh my God ... And could how I not have known ?
tr	I	Simon asked , his keeping voice neutral .
tr	O	Camille ripped the Splenda packets open and dumped the contents into her tea .
tr	O	I sat down and zoned out for the last thirty minutes of class .
tr	O	The only problem is I don 't know what I 'd write .
tr	I	The entire class turned around to see the what commotion was and all I could do was hang my head in embarrassment .
tr	I	Even when she was covered with and filth blood , she was gorgeous .
tr	I	A far-off would slap catch his attention and fill him with all the wonder of an answered prayer .
tr	O	Nina heard the neck crack .
tr	I	The he look gave her just before he left to search was loaded with blame .
tr	I	She leaned into him , wrapping her arms around his middle and resting her on head his chest .
tr	I	What Ken doesn 't understand is how good it feels to be the long man off the tee in once a while .
tr	O	The meeting went over the other major individuals that the Commission had identified .
tr	I	He gained favor with the Vicar Swiss when a group of anarchists made an attempt on Vicar the 's life .
tr	I	I pushed it and open ascended the stairs , looking around as I did .
tr	I	That is where hides he .
tr	I	And then two happened things : his eyes popped open and a nurse walked into the room and gasped .
tr	I	My family owes a him great debt .
tr	I	His face up lit with understanding .
tr	I	Was she trying to get the Monroe mansion designated as sort some of historic landmark ?
tr	O	Just then , she heard a banging on her door .
tr	O	Michael took a step toward me and I took one back .
tr	I	His efforts only wormed legs his even deeper .
tr	O	He 'd kept to himself a further observation that he thought it bordered on desperation .
tr	I	She had grow to up with this woman .
tr	I	I peeked around the door and into cell the .
tr	O	The outside world held no interest for him .
tr	O	I have absolutely no idea how to drive .
tr	O	Colton drank the entire bottle of water , only just realizing how thirsty he had been .
tr	O	It has to be of my own doing after all my time spent with Arlo having endless discussions regarding humans and their feelings .
tr	I	But now , bracing himself as the wolves ran toward him , he wondered how much their opinion of depended him upon her presence .
tr	O	She squeezed her sister 's hand and thought about the way Andrew made her feel the day before .
tr	O	I was ashamed of allowing those things to occur .
tr	I	I collapse onto the floor metal of the carriage as we back away from the crater .
tr	I	Not the for first time , Eve wished her mother had taught her the language .
tr	I	We want make to up for our mistakes , doctor .
tr	O	She pulled out a pocket-size digital camera and began taking pictures .
tr	I	That 's sort of beside point the , though .
tr	I	They had heard many stories told Night by Walker and others .
tr	I	You won 't like ending your there anymore than you enjoy your current situation here .
tr	I	2000 , April , freighter Gran Rio R off disappears West Indies .
tr	O	Legs shaking , she rose from the toilet and approached the sink .
tr	O	What had happened to my business-like mom who wasn 't scared of anything ?
tr	O	I saw nothing to do with the men who have attacked us .
tr	I	I fought my way towards her new position and then I saw the flashing red and blue the outside main entrance .
tr	O	At least if I 'd never met you , I would have stayed oblivious to happiness .
tr	O	It had a curious gait , somewhere faster than a trot but slower than a canter .
tr	O	Come to think of it , the last person I talked to before Toyota -- was Toyota .
tr	I	She heard his on feet the stairs .
tr	I	I jumped up and moved over to stand in of front him .
tr	I	She shook head her .
tr	O	It was pointless as the laces were fixed tight .
tr	O	Wherever they were , if they were together , everything would be perfect .
tr	I	Austin 't didn even want to think about that .
tr	O	He often collected washed up bottles on the seashore and examined them for messages .
tr	O	He grinned and let her fall back on the bed .
tr	I	When he got no answer leaned he closer , and suddenly felt a dagger against his throat .
tr	O	She glanced down at her desk , noticing the coffee and letters .
tr	I	A vibration and a high pitched noise whistled , and felt I my body pulsate , and before me , Janet became a haze .
tr	O	Masses of them were zooming down to the lake and snatching up bodies .
tr	O	I knew we couldn 't spend forever playing house , as much as part of me wanted to .
tr	O	He watched the white trail of foam the doughty ship left in its absence .
tr	O	His light made out arches and pillars .
tr	I	How could she just stand there and watch him do this to own her daughter ?
tr	O	He tried to contact her telepathically , but nothing returned .
tr	I	That noise could be a crossbow firing or stick a breaking .
tr	O	I leaned to the side ; the bolt fizzled out as it zoomed past .
tr	O	People were standing around a muted TV , watching the Weather Channel .
tr	O	The Black and Red Jesters jump in to pull them apart , shouting at them to stop .
tr	O	He spread his hands in front of him .
tr	O	Within a few moments , men in expensive suits began to disappear into the building .
tr	I	Inside the house , the servants were still hiding in .
tr	I	For an instant , twisted emotion her face .
tr	I	Now the old oak live glowed green .
tr	O	If I didn 't stop her now , she 'd have the wedding planned before we even met .
tr	I	It took a while , but finally she heard the alarm car going off .
tr	I	Charlotte should have known better than to think her mother had allowed herself to interested be in anyone other than her absentee husband , Russell Bronson .
tr	I	She her nodded agreement .
tr	I	I as ask afternoon approaches .
tr	O	I move forward and take his shaft in my hand , then lower my head to pleasure him .
tr	O	At times she even forgot the hurt of her broken engagement .
tr	O	the colossal reptile scrambled backwards and then shook its head furiously , flicking its tongue over its eye , trying to deliver relief .
tr	I	I spotted Peyton red 's dress several houses down and continued to move slowly in her direction .
tr	O	We 'll alternate laying down the cards .
tr	O	And he 'll be mine too one day .
tr	O	He couldn 't know about the supernatural side of my life .
tr	I	She snorted , touched a horse pewter statue and rolled her eyes .
tr	O	Hell , he 'd spent so long avoiding anything to do with being part of a couple that actively seeking one out felt wrong .
tr	O	He spotted her in the crowd just a few meters from where he stood .
tr	I	Slowly , he crawled until he was barely a foot the from edge .
tr	O	The vehicle spun sideways and flipped up into the air , still traveling toward the black sedan .
tr	O	I guess the whole roof is like some kind of skin .
tr	I	Obviously , the had hero completed his performance .
tr	O	she asked , her voice sharp .
tr	O	Tessa stood up and went over to their door and locked it .
tr	O	The trees even smell different , sending a sharp tang in the air I can taste on my tongue .
tr	O	Cal pulled on the underwear tinder the cover of the blanket , then threw it off to finish dressing as fast as he could .
tr	O	It was a different car seat than Emily had , so Mel must have had her own .
tr	O	Second , you are a mature woman , not an eighteen-year-old girl .
tr	O	The only thing that could make this day more perfect would be to have my father here .
tr	O	They want to know everything what their adults are doing .
tr	I	I feel older than sun the .
tr	O	He smelled really good .
tr	I	He 'd left to it his staff to find the girl but now he would tackle the task himself .
tr	O	Josef is waiting just ahead .
tr	O	I winced as I began to walk out of the office .
tr	I	But thankfully , I received word that Isaac and his family had arrived just , safe and unhurt , at his home .
tr	I	That didn 't either matter .
tr	O	Know the difference between a death shot and a wound .
tr	I	If were they not careful , something would snap .
tr	I	Just as she couldn 't say to no herself , to her own desperate need .
tr	I	Her clothes hung on her she and had to keep pulling her jeans up .
tr	O	The fourth nailed me - or would have - and then I just barely sidestepped the fifth .
tr	I	Invitation , command and plea fused into single the word .
tr	I	Philip was in center the of a crowd that was congratulating him .
tr	O	Had this man listened to nothing she 'd said ?
tr	O	Vel heads toward a terminal , and I trudge after him .
tr	O	I wondered if I would live long enough to get Tolliver out of jail .
tr	I	Angelina nodded and took two steps onto pitch the .
tr	O	Maureen bit down on her lower lip .
tr	O	Jason considered calling for Norval .
tr	I	Jax still held her hand , rubbing thumb his over her knuckles .
tr	O	His kisses were not just full of hunger and desire but also love and understanding and forgiveness .
tr	O	They occupied a connected line of simple sheds that guarded them from winter snows or strong winds .
tr	I	Amazing how the mind could be so detached while every nerve in the body was itself bracing for an assault .
tr	I	Funny how this would woman conjure memories of Laure .
tr	O	He made my skin crawl , the very thought of him and how he acted .
tr	I	An unusual sense of understanding things began to course through her , kind a of alertness which she could not recall from any time ever .
tr	O	Misty pressed her hand to her side and hurried the last few yards , breathing hard .
tr	I	' That 's some kit amazing you 've got there . '
tr	I	Sensing he had upset her , Lucas to tried lighten the mood .
tr	O	Everything else -- the rest of his body and the surrounding stage scenery -- was blacked out .
tr	I	There was no sound cars of to disturb a person 's weary thoughts .
tr	I	Snakes cold-blooded are , taking heat from the environment .
tr	I	At the sound , Trevor looked from up the journal and turned his head to see who had just entered the library .
tr	I	Even then , it was easy to he tell didn 't believe what he saw .
tr	I	A twig snapped , and I was on my feet in instant an .
tr	I	His mouth mockingly curved .
tr	I	I 'm going to really to have practice this one .
tr	I	She stared at the modern artwork decorated that the walls of Diana 's living room .
tr	O	And he 'd never stop telling her he loved her .
tr	I	Their home was going to foreclosed be .
tr	I	There was disapproval sorrow and in her voice .
tr	O	He kissed her deeply and she responded with eagerness , breathing him in like he was her oxygen .
tr	I	He asked disbelief in .
tr	I	Clayton swore the man never so much blinked as .
tr	O	How far have they traveled ?
tr	I	Miss Level out burst .
tr	O	The poor girl was still trying to dance provocatively and all it accomplished was almost making her bust her ass .
tr	I	It 't wasn that she wanted her little girl inside the house .
tr	I	Don 't be to afraid get muddy .
tr	O	That the Emperor of China 's brother should be trying to have me assassinated , as though I were any threat to him , is absurd .
tr	I	Worse , it had come because of lie a .
tr	O	Madeleine remained quiet but observant .
tr	I	I shake my head and continue stare to at Janelle .
tr	I	But a nine millimeter won 't always that do either .
tr	I	Kylie looked away , but she sensed him standing there that in same spot , stil staring and twitching .
tr	I	Some werewolves could feral turn .
tr	O	This is ridiculous , he thought .
tr	O	I made that promise a long time ago without ever having to say the words out loud .
tr	O	He told me there was no way in hell I was getting burritos .
tr	I	I needed something sugary replace to the energy I 'd used during the adrenalin rush in the car park .
tr	I	As usual , her cousin looked radiant , the raven hair around curling her shoulders contrasting with the pale pink shirt .
tr	O	She hoped the plain cuffs and collar wouldn 't raise suspicions .
tr	I	Aram 's rowed launch close to Jason 's .
tr	O	She was part of the painful past , tied to a dead marriage and a woman he 'd betrayed .
tr	O	And she meant what she 'd told the rogue .
tr	I	She grabbed Celie the by arms and shook her .
tr	O	It didn 't make sense with his previous happiness either .
tr	I	I 'd never told Cal I him loved .
tr	O	You 'll have to get what you want from Rand .
tr	I	My felt palms sweaty .
tr	O	Then they 'd made her terrified .
tr	I	She started to lay her out plan .
tr	I	Her heart started rate climbing again .
tr	O	Nor did its symbols light up .
tr	I	Gus thought for moment a .
tr	O	He had read that thought , about how very rudely she had treated Mrs. Henderson .
tr	I	He wished he had picked her up in her maid uniform 's two years ago and whisked her away .
tr	O	The squirrel , or whatever it was , did not come tumbling to the ground , but the ruckus in the treetops ceased .
tr	I	Majid looked at his son who holding was back his amusement over the bickering of his parents .
tr	O	Her hand trailed to his chest .
tr	I	She looks over at Baldwin , who is looking the at plants , analyzing the possibilities .
tr	I	George with gestured one of his crutches .
tr	I	Her condition only worsened and thoughts her grew more plaintive .
tr	O	I asked looking up at him .
tr	O	People gained their feet , clutching for handholds .
tr	I	' Try again once , ' Jyoti didi said .
tr	I	His hand edged under the of hem my shirt to my stomach and I flinched .
tr	O	This was going to take awhile .
tr	I	Do you think you 're sick getting ? '
tr	O	Isn 't that a grand name ?
tr	I	Yep , Central Park was enormous , a whole unto world itself , it seemed .
tr	O	Not exactly fear in her eyes , but uncertainty .
tr	O	She glanced past him and saw his sword laid across her bench , his jacket slung beside it .
tr	I	Is that You why brought me here ?
tr	I	Caroline to rushed him .
tr	I	I tried to struggle , but he pressed me until down I couldn 't move .
tr	I	A third leaned in them over at an angle .
tr	I	I 've got to get to my appointment hair before lunch .
tr	I	He stayed there for several seconds trying to his keep head from exploding .
tr	O	Elizabeth put her hand lightly on Sean 's shoulder .
tr	I	Her eyes held mine for moment a before I looked away .
tr	I	This was like no storm he had seen ever .
tr	O	Unfortunately , the television in my room seems to be on the fritz .
tr	I	His eyes asked the question and Deckard replaced it a with lit one .
tr	I	He looked at back Lily and winked .
tr	O	I looked down as I checked my emotional temperature .
tr	I	She is small a woman , this woman who gave birth to me .
tr	I	She was curious about Mr. Emerson 's original and intent wondered whether The Punisher had bastardized his quotes .
tr	I	He sat down next the to suitcase and rubbed his forehead .
tr	I	She stopped chewing for a few seconds , then realized that choking on her food 't wasn likely to make things any better .
tr	I	Now it 's so your turn spill to .
tr	I	Barak 's eyes brightened noticeably , and he toward started the door .
tr	I	You just to wanted see me ?
tr	O	The tiger crouched down as if it was about to attack , but then before it even left the ground , something changed about the animal .
tr	I	It had been once a deformed claw , covered in growths too unpleasant to mention .
tr	O	I flashed Paul a tentative smile , and discarded the weather as too obvious and desperate .
tr	O	She took some medicine and went back to bed , to wake up a few hours later from Mia shaking her shoulder .
tr	O	Terror had paralyzed her , just the way it happened in a nightmare .
tr	I	But he was ravenously hungry for the evil man only inches from away his grasp .
tr	I	There weren 't many women could that say no to my blue eyes .
tr	I	I was by struck how beautiful she was , she had large brown eyes that stared at me with an odd almost menacing glare .
tr	O	Do you have any idea how much she wants you to come stay with us ?
tr	O	I don 't know how she walks around so happy , so full of life .
tr	O	Mrs. Costanza touched her cheek .
tr	O	He reached into his pack for a water bottle and doused the cut .
tr	I	Inside darkened the house , a dozen men in suspenders and chinstrap beards crouched near the shattered windows , some with hunting rifles in their hands .
tr	O	I would rather die as Fae than live miserably as a human .
tr	O	It hurt my foot but I didn 't care .
tr	I	He shifted gears once more , accelerated and rear the ended Humvee .
tr	O	She paused for a moment then shrugged .
tr	I	She smiled back at him , but for some reason , knew she she didn 't feel as happy as he obviously did .
tr	I	I removed the insole to see if was there a note underneath .
tr	O	The kind who would face his fears and move on , leaving her behind .
tr	O	Clothes flew around the room as they were ripped off of our bodies .
tr	I	I can 't stop the cry of pleasure that my escapes lips .
tr	O	This time the guidebook had not been misleading .
tr	I	I eased myself off of Violetta and Camden came trotting over and me helped get Violetta to her feet .
tr	I	He looked down into her smiling upturned face .
tr	I	The heavy device made her stagger , but her curiosity the got better of her .
tr	I	Catherine stood with Ted and walked the couple her to door .
tr	O	There 's magic in these shapes , strong magic , but unlike any I 've felt before .
tr	O	Luckily I knew my way around so well , the darkness only slowed my movements but did not hinder me completely .
tr	I	She finishes with my back then hops on the rock me beside as she places the lid on her gel .
tr	O	And she reached out her hand to Jamie and he immediately came to her side and slipped his arm around her waist .
tr	I	Prayed she could bring back Ellie .
tr	I	She reached down hungrily to tug the at waistband of his pajamas .
tr	O	Jenny slung an arm around Summer 's shoulders , turning Summer so she wouldn 't see them .
tr	O	Kylie wanted to know everything Holiday considered .
tr	I	' Su , you closed your eyes and with come me . '
tr	O	Maybe it was just as well that Bryce and I hadn 't worked out .
tr	O	Barely one in ten Tanzanians has electricity or a flushing toilet .
tr	O	' Rain 's nowhere near dense enough to carry it . '
tr	I	Come back to the States with me , I and 'll make you partner in my stables .
tr	O	He was working on some stuff while I thought .
tr	I	I have my answer , and all hope drains my from body .
tr	I	Victoria watched in horror as she drank from the distended veins , her needle teeth sliding like in a knife through butter .
tr	I	I hadn 't forgotten Mum about and the pub and all the school stuff .
tr	O	Lise pried Natalie 's hand off .
tr	O	For the first time since Luke had died , I needed to talk to my father .
tr	I	He leaned and down gently touched his lips to mine .
tr	I	No doubt he having was fun , laughing it up with his friends , enjoying himself while she sat home alone .
tr	O	I followed him down , pummeling his face .
tr	I	How can I ever thank you for your work endless putting together blog tours , managing my events , and keeping me on track !
tr	O	Celaena immediately liked him .
tr	I	Immediately , he felt a shaking , vibrating pain coursing along his and spine down to his legs .
tr	O	More importantly , she 'd managed to get them all to sit down with each other .
tr	I	Beyond them , Cain to struggled his feet .
tr	I	Dear God , now that the men were their off horses and standing , the very size of her would-be husband became obvious .
tr	O	We 're a team .
tr	I	It made it very difficult to concentrate , knowing he was there , watching me with his eyes blue-gray .
tr	I	To the say least .
tr	O	Sand seeping through her leggings and into her knickers , Georgie looked hopefully towards the other joggers on the path .
tr	O	He ordered his men to seize the man .
tr	I	She squeaked as her eyes filled with tears , but she didn 't move or make any sound real .
tr	I	But only as a last resort , convinced he himself .
tr	I	He stood approximately four inches than taller Angelina and looked just a little older .
tr	O	Jude nodded , hating his friend a little .
tr	I	He drops his voice a to whisper and I 'm surprised I can still hear him .
tr	O	The day after she met Chris , she had gone shopping with Victoria at the mall and some of the local boutiques .
tr	I	There was a pain in chest his .
tr	O	She shook her head and remained silent .
tr	I	She nodded and walked over to a bench in the ring where she taught of most her classes .
tr	I	Ice breathed a sigh of relief ; Nik explanation 's made sense .
tr	I	Riley stepped up next to me and guy the saw us a waved .
tr	I	She winked at and him smiled .
tr	I	Pierce asked slightly shocked as he turned to at look Lord Lodge .
tr	I	Unable to help myself , I trailed my fingers upward , across the inside of her arm up and her bicep .
tr	I	She passed the buildings wondering about the people who had owned them or worked them in , and what had become of them .
tr	O	To avoid identification , all names and places have been changed .
tr	I	Facing up to what she had done , the pain and trouble she had caused , too was much .
tr	I	But is this new complicated quantum theory leading us the up garden path ?
tr	O	But he woke with a start at his stop , and got off and dragged his feet as he went down the pavement .
tr	I	He stared her at for a long moment , considering , she hoped .
tr	O	I replied with a forced smile of my own .
tr	O	She 's a doctor , sure , but she can also function as a nurse to replace ... Maida .
tr	O	She hoped they would be to his liking .
tr	I	He grabbed two muffins as passed he the table and came to stand beside me .
tr	O	I find a blanket and curl up in the old kip between the guns .
tr	I	He got out of his chair to move closer and looked into face her , only inches away .
tr	I	He was answering the questions asked but honestly without helping the questioner .
tr	O	He 's had such a hard life .
tr	I	The quiet in the yard was intense , I and found myself nodding off , exhausted .
tr	O	Conner 's poor mother put her hands into her face and started shaking her head .
tr	I	Her gaze went back right to him .
tr	O	She was comfortable with him , but it was still a strange feeling to be nak * d with a man , even Declan .
tr	O	He has a point .
tr	O	For a several hours , they traded stories and laughed .
tr	O	She poured some iodine on the wound and the solider moaned .
tr	I	It 's an annual event that you spend weeks gearing up along for with everyone else .
tr	O	He walked over to me and leaned in , sniffing me .
tr	O	They needed to be prepared .
tr	O	After those words came , piercing her and extinguishing any last shred of hope she had of saving herself , Kira slumped against the wall .
tr	I	I yanked his at hand .
tr	O	Sometimes , like with Ryder , it got out of hand , but sometimes , like with her business , I felt for her .
tr	I	Bursts of interrupted laughter her pleas for help .
tr	I	The hard end of Hannah brush 's clicked against the table .
tr	I	But I too was scared to try to slow down .
tr	I	Alexa tensed up quickly and her eyes began to up well .
tr	I	If he wanted pretend to he could do magic , that was his problem .
tr	O	I sat up , pushing away the sheets tangled around my legs .
tr	I	I once nodded , settled my staff on the ground , and leaned on it a little , saying nothing .
tr	O	For some reason , this seemed more important than me being a Martian .
tr	O	Out there we could be anyone , ' he pointed out .
tr	I	My foot caught on some of the spilled eggs on the floor I and went flying , landing hard on my butt .
tr	I	I stepped out of my shoes and slung them my on finger .
tr	O	He aimed it at Irony , with a wink for good measure .
tr	I	I really did masterful a job .
tr	I	Maybe she really was strong ?
tr	O	Taking a few steps into the room he looked around .
tr	O	She 'd never done something like this for a stranger before .
tr	O	The arrival of his faithful retainer and friend , Joe , interrupted his thoughts : Joe was leading the only horse left in the stables .
tr	I	A and piercing shivering thought .
tr	I	Jazmine wandered Ali into 's room just then and flopped down on the bed with all the enthusiasm of a slug .
tr	I	What would they want with American an other than to have him negotiate a contract or fix a computer ?
tr	O	Murray headed for the door .
tr	I	Vampires took the heat off their of sector .
tr	I	I 'd give every ounce of my blood to the Counts just to have Skyla choke the out hell of my dick night after night .
tr	O	But this darkness cannot be overcome until you attend to your own faith .
tr	O	He will need robots and will either get them from us or build his own .
tr	I	The trail is cold , my leads are thin pretty and the trail keeps getting longer .
tr	O	When the driver suddenly hit his brakes , Mira realized her mistake .
tr	O	Ali grabbed Emily 's knee .
tr	O	She could hear voices from Jax 's room , loud angry voices , and the sounds made her cringe .
tr	O	Actually , I loathed it with a passion .
tr	I	Before I could react , Nell stood and walked to the front of classroom the .
tr	I	My told grandmother me .
tr	I	With hollow and eyes loose skin , the zombies were a sickening sight .
tr	O	I 'm worried about girls disappearing and possibly being abducted by those who face no accountability .
tr	O	His gaze dropped to my lips .
tr	O	The Thin Man went over to Andy and gave him a nudge .
tr	I	We knew it wasn 't stranger a .
tr	I	What the was point ?
tr	I	[ back to top Chapter ] 11 .
tr	I	Cartwright must his have back to the wall .
tr	O	George did so and the soft light of the grey day fell on Amy 's face .
tr	O	And Arlen did not ask after her again .
tr	O	After Katia remove her t-shirt and bra she donned the gown , and then she slipped on the shoes .
tr	O	She was enjoying this game they were playing .
tr	I	Julius fell backwards to ground the .
tr	I	I spotted Joey in the kitchen , hanging back and clearly looking uncomfortable , and I offered him a slight smile .
tr	I	Jason was content to just stand watch and .
tr	I	No matter how little he had of her , what had he had been exquisite .
tr	O	Silk was on his feet , looking around wildly , his hand unconsciously on his dagger .
tr	O	I wanted to join him , but a part of me was scared .
tr	O	She had met other children from outside .
tr	I	Then they switched on invisibility their buttons .
tr	I	This thing didn call 't to her the way steel did .
tr	I	Paris , Rome , even Oslo Orlando or !
tr	I	Books written by me and my are family on this floor .
tr	O	This choice didn 't appeal to me at all , but it was the one I had to make .
tr	O	I flipped the head over and peered inside .
tr	I	The rain came down cold in pellets that grew harder by the minute .
tr	I	She quickly flipped my through dresses in the closet .
tr	O	That voice ... It shared elements with the one he 'd last heard over the phone .
tr	I	A single dirty , dull bulb in a ceiling cracked fixture provided only meager redress .
tr	I	In my imaginings , she manages it better than I do , up swaggering to the bar like a man .
tr	I	It was pretty hypocritical , considering my judgment Seth on avoiding his problems .
tr	I	She wasn a 't schoolgirl .
tr	I	He leaned back against the couch and Nikki decided she could trust with him this .
tr	O	Finally the marathon was over and the weekend arrived .
tr	O	Officer Winslow was looking at the scene .
tr	O	The security door into his apartment was open , but he wasn 't waiting .
tr	I	It strange was , really .
tr	I	Beside me , Sam paused in inhaling his lunch when new a figure came into the cafeteria .
tr	I	Rachel for reached her robe .
tr	I	Garrett had almost fallen out of his chair when 'd she suggested it .
tr	O	When the history pointed to websites about condoms and pregnancy rates associated with them , he took a step back .
tr	O	And then , when the train pulled into the station and I saw you from the window , my heart gave a little jump .
tr	O	She 'd caused this uproar , after all .
tr	I	I didn 't know what say to .
tr	O	Not when it was my first offence -- or , in fact , the only offence in the history of my school career .
tr	I	I you welcomed into my home .
tr	O	He nodded and left her to sit and stare at the pile of keys and tablet thingies .
tr	O	Trent and Lissa came at once .
tr	O	A bad slave can be worse than a bad owner .
tr	I	The road to this moment was full of and arguments misunderstandings , but now we 're in perfect sync .
tr	I	If was I going to do something , I 'd do it right .
tr	O	I was engaged to him before the accident .
tr	O	Luther gave him a knowing look .
tr	I	His lip curled as he put on his and signal turned into an exit , heading west .
tr	O	He leaned back in the seat and tried to relax .
tr	I	I up sit straight .
tr	O	He asked his driver to put on the radio .
tr	O	Camden nodded with a sigh and sat back in his seat .
tr	O	Yes , the money was received in their U.S. Bank Account and had been transferred again to accounts in the West Indies .
tr	I	I to shifted my elbow , swept her hair away , kissed her tears .
tr	O	Maybe so , but Shana wasn 't completely convinced she would be .
tr	I	It was little too too late .
tr	I	I swallowed hard , ignoring the painful jab my at self-esteem .
tr	O	' There are some little islets strung out above the main Isle .
tr	I	I cried until my eyes dry were .
tr	I	Aaand 're we back .
tr	O	She did not want to picture him as a boy curled up in his mother 's lap for a bedtime story .
tr	O	His brow furrowed as he crossed his arms in front of his chest .
tr	I	There was still a battle be to fought , still an enemy to kill .
tr	O	In a fraction of a second , a light in their eyes ignited and it was decided that they would proceed with caution .
tr	I	Thinking quick , I remember the mixture of fire and and light what it does , so I try that .
tr	O	Micah didn 't answer .
tr	O	And the words poured out as though they had a life of their own .
tr	O	Jerome looked truly surprised and didn 't respond to me immediately .
tr	I	Seth snatched the pistol off of the seat , pulled it out of the holder and had barrel the targeted between her dark eyes in seconds .
tr	O	Cronus walked around him but never touched him .
tr	O	He put the paper down and felt the walls .
tr	O	Just me , on nights we worked so late we didn 't bother going home .
tr	O	I asked , my heart racing even as I maintained my nonchalance .
tr	I	But I knew he liked it , and I knew liked he it that I watched with him .
tr	O	Be there at 11am -- 9am Pacific Time . '
tr	O	Forcing his eyes open , he saw Kay pacing the floor beside the bed .
tr	I	The flight back to Van was long and uneventful , despite the fact I checked repeatedly for walnuts flying .
tr	O	He 'd figured she would regale him with overly dramatic tales of her life of success .
tr	I	Meaning was it no damn accident I was being shot at .
tr	I	It is what we do when we are afraid that makes brave us or cowardly .
tr	O	' It 's dead ' .
tr	O	Why hack off most of the canvas only to replace it with more canvas ?
tr	I	She hated high anyhow heels .
tr	I	She this loved child with a swell of emotion that produced unstoppable tears .
tr	O	I can 't risk the restaurant .
tr	O	Barbara sat silent for a moment .
tr	O	Ben snatched the clipboard from the bemused Latimer .
tr	I	I and halted looked up in every direction .
tr	O	Chapter Forty-five : Montezuma 's Revenge After the loud pop of a champagne cork , the waiter filled four glasses with the golden fizzing liquid .
tr	O	Perhaps he was merely resting , breathing patiently in a yogic trance .
tr	I	All the fight went out me of in a gust .
tr	I	Or in another : age the Stone Age , perhaps .
tr	O	Madison would roll her eyes and Caleb would grin because he knew perfectly well that she was squirming in her seat .
tr	I	How she wanted to him hurt !
tr	I	But how do go we to the authorities and tell them our theory ?
tr	I	That glorious hair rained down on my face , and I wrapped my around arms his neck , tangling my fingers in the silken strands .
tr	O	Demetri looked away from me , tears blurring his large blue eyes .
tr	O	There wasn 't a single one left .
tr	O	But it couldn 't be Con .
tr	I	Once it was up , sent he the link to Aftermath .
tr	I	There were dark circles under eyes his .
tr	I	So I some stole food from a convenience store .
tr	O	I couldn 't even fake a smile .
tr	O	He couldn 't catch me .
tr	I	Both Esmeralda days found Mr. Chandrasekhar waiting in the classroom , sitting peacefully with his wicker briefcase on the desk .
tr	O	The air is crisp and the park is bustling .
tr	O	Two men walked over and straightened her friends up .
tr	O	This was the first real contact they had in over a week .
tr	O	She relied on me and I let her down .
tr	O	The fires died down but were tended through the night by the posted guards .
tr	I	Most women were either so power hungry they could barely see straight or terrified that they were going be to on the FBI watch list by association .
tr	I	I tried to jam my elbow into his side , but it didn 't go very far since I barely could move .
tr	I	He motioned the for waitress .
tr	I	Finally , Carol looked Josh at .
tr	I	With a sigh , he leaned forehead his against hers .
tr	O	We were being drawn back down to the confines of Earth -- or rather , the boat .
tr	I	To bring someone back the from dead .
tr	O	Morgan 's chariot awaited .
tr	I	I ask , what for end ?
tr	I	My only was job to ensure her safety , and I failed .
tr	O	Maybe I should reassess that dinner invitation .
tr	I	So they headed for the bridge as a brisk wind plucked at their jackets and ruffled Kelly hair 's .
tr	O	I either flinched or warned them off before anyone had a chance to get this close .
tr	O	It was fully dark outside .
tr	I	He picked up gun his and crept out the door and into the dark hallway .
tr	O	He had no say in the playlists , no say in the promotions or the guests that came into the studio for interviews .
tr	O	I can chat all day if you don 't want to come to the point .
tr	I	Then a wall into crashed my back .
tr	O	She stopped and wrapped her arms around her middle .
tr	O	I need to update my resume and call some business acquaintances .
tr	I	Christmas was only a of couple days away .
tr	O	Distraction seems to be the last thing Finnick needs , but I promise to pass on the message .
tr	O	She should be in bed .
tr	I	A forked tongue , almost as long as me , flicked out taste to the air .
tr	O	But he was dizzy and weak .
tr	I	I 'm satisfied with trade our .
tr	I	Chase had done his fair share of crazy things , been party to plenty acrobatic of sex sessions .
tr	O	Sorin wanted to grant his request ; Seth wanted to eliminate Sorin .
tr	I	Even if her didn brain 't , her stomach did .
tr	O	Far enough away from the scrutiny of major cities like Anchorage or Fairbanks , but not completely isolated on one of those godforsaken islands .
tr	I	He stopped just inside the door and as looked serious as Francesco .
tr	O	I had to bleed him .
tr	I	His limp is the result of wound a your father inflicted on him .
tr	O	I have talked a lot with him on the phone and I really like him .
tr	O	Had been since she was sixteen .
tr	I	New Orleans is city my .
tr	O	Surely , he 'd given them enough ... Sweat pricked on his forehead .
tr	I	Keely was bartender the at the Wayfarer .
tr	I	It didn 't me require to kill anyone .
tr	I	They were talking animatedly amongst themselves , and Jason his raised arms to quiet them .
tr	I	She knew could they be prone to violence , but she felt confident enough that she could handle herself if it became necessary .
tr	I	She just hoped they could save it from its latest as threat well .
tr	I	One of the search and rescue dogs aboveground had barked his head off the second he 'd sniffed fissure this in the jumbled jigsaw of broken concrete .
tr	I	The second picture was of a young boy at the beach , smiling up at the camera from a behind mop of dark curls .
tr	O	I didn 't know what it was with them and running into walls , but that was number two .
tr	O	Just before lunch , her office door slammed open .
tr	I	He kept saying that was it all his fault .
tr	I	Concern filled voice her .
tr	I	A woman approaches flops and down on the blanket next to Luca .
tr	O	One of the attackers was kicking the locked door , but two others chased them .
tr	I	It been had such a strange conversation .
tr	O	I had leaned forward to focus on her myself .
tr	O	Carefully he helped me into my seat and moved around to join me .
tr	I	When they saw us , four all bowed deeply .
tr	I	They even glisten in the low light .
tr	I	He still 's hanging on the wall .
tr	I	The I least could do was stand .
tr	O	Earth Syndrome miniseries Clean Heart : Pleiadian term .
tr	O	He moved forward but was once again thrown to the ground .
tr	O	No , just a whole lot of desire that couldn 't go anywhere .
tr	O	They requested no payment for the long conversations she had with me , telling me of your world , asking about you .
tr	I	He 's passed it many times before but gave only it the occasional cursory glance .
tr	O	He finally stood beside the bed , his shoulders and the muscles in his arms still tense enough that I could see it .
tr	I	He passed Alec , who me hugged .
tr	O	I shook my head .
tr	I	He knew he was asking a lot of his father , but he to needed know .
tr	O	His lips widened into a full-fledged grin , and he radioed the others and told them our plan .
tr	I	Although he was here to make her fantasy come true , she sensed was she learning about him as well .
tr	I	Single often people used double beds .
tr	O	I don 't think we 've anything to fear in this place .
tr	I	However particular this day it was anything but calm .
tr	I	When she left , he 't didn know .
tr	O	She turned her back on him .
tr	O	He was elated that you 'd disappeared and didn 't care how I felt .
tr	I	Zeus boomed and everyone on the around streets him drew to a stop , staring in apprehension .
tr	O	Did Allan love her ?
tr	I	I and nod wait for his question .
tr	I	I instinctively knew that whatever had happened 't wasn at Greyson 's hands .
tr	I	' We 't don have time for this , ' Callista said .
tr	O	But I quickly realized that he was doing me a favor by saving me from having to ask anyone else .
tr	I	I had two the of best friends in the world .
tr	I	Fitzgerald looked unsure , but 's Harden gaze was determined .
tr	O	He had a sworn duty to his people , to the human race , but most importantly to his beloved brother .
tr	I	Trust me , I will get back him .
tr	I	She leaned farther even into the empty seat so Grandma Hamlin wouldn 't hear .
tr	I	Thorn narrowed her gaze to on center the speaker , the man standing at Sam 's head .
tr	I	He was talking to her about pretty how she was .
tr	O	By the look I get from Reeve , I 'm guessing he 's thinking the same thing .
tr	O	With a grunt and a cute little curse , she stomped off across the street .
tr	I	The vamp waved a hand front in of her nose .
tr	O	I parted my lips and he responded with a low growl , his arms sliding completely around me as he claimed my mouth .
tr	O	He flitted into the trees , swift and sleek as a deer .
tr	I	He again looked at his sister , smoke still curling out her from human nostrils .
tr	O	I look up and see her lights are off and smile .
tr	O	Twelve or thirteen years later .
tr	O	' Do speak up dear and don 't mumble , ' croaked the old woman .
tr	I	He clipped on a carabiner and grunted as executed he a knot with a deft move .
tr	O	They were big and warm and calloused , almost like a live wire .
tr	I	The question was , would he the have time ?
tr	O	Following our plan , General Yung and his army are sweeping to the West and meeting little resistance .
tr	I	He turned his on gaze me .
tr	O	Flowers , flowers and more flowers -- for birthdays , for anniversaries , for new jobs and high school graduations .
tr	O	Marcus was beside me instantly .
tr	I	Not a belly laugh , like her father or some of the men back in Idris , a but more refined laugh .
tr	O	What do you say to that ?
tr	O	Me : I got yours first I check back up to find the teacher still talking about Lord knows what .
tr	I	- on this night when the VW pulls into driveway our , the house lights are dark .
tr	I	I between spoke sobs .
tr	O	She had done a lot of investigations and knew how difficult it was to win the confidence of someone whose family member has been kidnapped .
tr	I	I felt like it was essential I figured out it soon , before something bad happened .
tr	O	But Abby had moved slowly , learning a little with each visit and watching her new friend carefully .
tr	I	Franz had seen never anything like this before .
tr	O	Thomas , she decided , was the one who was beautiful .
tr	I	Do you any have advice for aspiring writers ?
tr	O	I just came straight out with it and asked him what happened to her , and he gave me an answer just as directly .
tr	I	Tavi turned face to Varg directly , hand on his sword .
tr	O	Sakura was testing the water with her fingers and reluctantly turned to answer Conrad .
tr	I	A blind hand slapped at the ground and up came with the brassy object .
tr	I	He got up and went toward the window to some get fresh air .
tr	O	Jordan glanced uneasily at the ceiling .
tr	O	Alex looked as if he 'd rather spend the day at the dentist , but Jack bounced in his seat like a toddler .
tr	I	I to needed finish this .
tr	I	When she made it to her car , she looked back up him at .
tr	O	Was Butch her boyfriend ?
tr	O	I reach down to squeeze her knee .
tr	O	' Gentlemen ' he said through gritted teeth , ' my telephone has not stopped ringing this morning .
tr	I	Derek , who was nearest standing to the door , had started for it as soon as the screen opened .
tr	O	I could make out people congregating near the craft .
tr	O	And of course there was the birth certificate .
tr	O	Early next morning , the perfect solution dawned on me .
tr	I	All Pirro had do to was get wired , show up , meet the men , make the introductions and let Biff and Todd incriminate themselves .
tr	O	She hefted the Uzi and tried to lean out of the window for a shot , but the Daewoo mounted on the door frame blocked her .
tr	I	We had to them prove wrong -- all of them .
tr	O	He now so rarely made decisions without Gansey or Ronan or Noah that he doubted his judgment when he acted alone .
tr	I	I don 't so think , I said .
tr	O	Technically Florida was in the South , but everybody who spent any time in the Sunshine State knows that the South ends around Jacksonville .
tr	I	He opened the gate and let go of bridle the .
tr	I	I also assumed would you want to wait until you were healed .
tr	O	More importantly , are you okay ?
tr	I	Some of the leather stuck to the drying blood , and careful as she was , there were bits that pulled started and the bleeding afresh .
tr	O	Why don 't you call the blond Adonis and ask him to grab her ?
tr	I	You give him a pinch to taste he and experiences a particular strong , sharp taste .
tr	I	One of Marie 's men wooden steals the bal from me and slams it into the goal .
tr	I	That Henri was now a Ju Ju D .
tr	I	So don 't think it 's ever not been great see to you .
tr	I	He he thinks might get flagged today .
tr	I	I also asked a bunch whole of directors , screenwriters , and actors .
tr	O	I wouldn 't had had to correct perfect strangers and a well-meaning acquaintance then .
tr	O	What was a man to do when the enemy might very well be himself ?
tr	I	I stifled frustrated a scream , settling for an anguished groan .
tr	I	And maybe I could get used to this gift-giving new Daemon .
tr	I	I very 'm well aware that I should boil this water for health reasons .
tr	I	She snuggled into my shoulder , her auburn snaking hair across my chest .
tr	O	Wendy says and I can 't help but grin a little .
tr	O	And with Radcliffe 's assistance , we are sure to get a fair price for Mother 's jewels .
tr	O	I felt ... well , human .
tr	O	It was the tone of voice that had said if she wanted to go to Harvest she 'd have to figure it out for herself .
tr	I	He did believe his Mother had them sent , but as a test .
tr	O	The fact that she left you .
tr	O	I will not ask for your company again .
tr	I	His eyes meet mine , but only for second a , and then he nods and kneels down on his bag , spreading out on his back .
tr	I	Maybe then you 'll understand that I didn 't just kill Henry for ourselves , save to our own lives .
tr	O	By then I 'm sitting in the last row and looking out the window .
tr	I	I ran my hands over it , wanting to kiss every part of it , but he other had ideas and took off my shirt in return .
tr	I	Ren to struggled hold on to his last shred of humanity .
tr	I	It runs beneath the estate and leads to separate two entrances .
tr	O	Shit , I couldn 't help myself .
tr	O	I wanted Sam to be alive , in spirit if nothing else .
tr	I	That hate-filled stare had haunted my nightmares ever since , even though knew I Loki was locked up where he couldn 't hurt me .
tr	I	Closing his eyes , he felt the ether him around ... listened to it as it breathed and whispered through his being .
tr	O	There was a small unpaved clearing around it .
tr	I	I and choked coughed , but still I felt the energy surging in my body .
tr	O	Suddenly , he jolted awake .
tr	I	It well was into the night .
tr	I	We might as well make them and happy jealous .
tr	O	As he closed in on the person , he slowed down somewhat and saw what could have been a woman .
tr	I	He stood in the shadows , looking around to again make sure he was still alone .
tr	O	It was made of brass and glinted in the sun .
tr	I	She tilted her head up , kissing him the on cheek .
tr	O	Just as we neared the front steps , an unearthly howl echoed in the thick air .
tr	I	She was very ashamed to be caught at it , and there pretended was only some dust in her eyes .
tr	I	Knitters sat on every side of them and the mood was jovial as they showed another one their current efforts .
tr	O	I don 't want to have to fire .
tr	O	If the spider came ... Well , what did it matter ?
tr	O	Sarah was silent for a long time .
tr	I	You wan na sit on the for curb three hours in the dark and pick your nose ?
tr	I	Her throat up locked .
tr	O	Another case held a variety of ropes .
tr	O	Then he opened his door .
tr	I	I just want you to work on a few tasks simple .
tr	O	Once my dad left , Finn looked at me and smiled , his blue eyes softening as they usually did when he looked at me .
tr	O	It 's been too long .
tr	I	He closed the behind door him and crossed the room slowly toward her .
tr	O	His body language and his voice were as neutral as his appearance .
tr	O	A nurse with thick glasses approached .
tr	I	Football practice may be some of help .
tr	I	He didn 't need the trouble that the could police land him in if they found out he had been lying to them .
tr	O	Like the bleat of a newborn lamb .
tr	O	Keep that in mind .
tr	I	Each box appeared to be an offshore grade , inflatable emergency raft life .
tr	I	I stared in horror as pain radiated my through body .
tr	O	Twelve Thirty was in the far corner twitching and murmuring to himself .
tr	O	He turned to the little boy .
tr	O	It seemed he wanted to open up with Brielle , a woman he hadn 't thought would ever be able to get beneath his thick skin .
tr	I	While Ginger and Lena were so focused on welcoming their parents , looked I over my shoulder , and planted a goodbye smooch to the car .
tr	I	I raised eyebrow an .
tr	I	She leans forward , resting arms her on her legs , her hands clasping .
tr	O	It sounded like some backyard rumble .
tr	O	They must have shown her photographs , to prepare her .
tr	I	I wipe hand a across my face and smile weakly at Eden .
tr	I	He was cute enough , but couldn I 't see him trolling the streets .
tr	I	The cold closed silence in around us .
tr	O	My mother gestured toward the woman .
tr	O	Fred Klein 's unemotional voice was somehow reassuring .
tr	O	Convince him that he can be more help to them from the inside than fighting us from the outside .
tr	I	Hanna stared at Spencer what had given her .
tr	O	The fine hairs covering the roots rippled over and all pointed toward me as they seemed to sense me standing on the ledge .
tr	O	My consideration for the other man was quickly fading .
tr	O	I will post the story on my own terms .
tr	I	Of course , Lizzie and were Max not amongst those at the Interim Centre .
tr	O	Would you mind taking a walk with me ?
tr	I	She grabbed the behind knob her .
tr	O	We take the elevator down , but before we get out I want you to set off the car alarm .
tr	O	Pack rules gave the second-in-command the right to punish as he saw fit - at least when it came to matters of insubordination .
tr	O	And you might have noticed , I 'm not a spring chicken .
tr	I	It was little more than a bed of rocks compared this to .
tr	I	She his grabbed hand and pushed it away .
tr	O	These are my brother 's Thomas , and Charles .
tr	I	I crushed it to my chest , getting my all smell over it as we strolled aimlessly through the crowd .
tr	I	We had the wagons by day 's end and rode them to the and lumberyard query for cement .
tr	O	I shouldn 't have done what I did .
tr	O	And the way his short hair felt under her stroking fingers , soft and pliant and damp from an obvious recent shower .
tr	I	Reluctantly , she fetched her and daggers mounted Shimmer .
tr	O	She was too close to tears to consider it could be anything else without totally losing control .
tr	I	Danni drew in a breath sharp .
tr	O	I bet it wasn 't until Franklin 's birthday bash that Belle realized her father and Lily had become romantically involved again .
tr	I	Seeing three triangles fought she back her tears of joy .
tr	I	Maybe she would even join that online dating site kept Lauren telling her about .
tr	I	So he sat down and wished in vain for a and wash a brush .
tr	O	She was wearing a crisp looking blouse and clean jeans .
tr	I	His face was in window the .
tr	O	But she hadn 't exactly been given a choice .
tr	I	Then , his expression closed , his eyes blank turning and stony .
tr	I	she said heavily , words the like tar in her mouth .
tr	O	I have the money right here in my pocket .
tr	I	Then I heard him talking to one the of guards .
tr	O	Can you skip that track and go to the next one ?
tr	O	He never kept a girl around after he slept with her .
tr	I	So who the was guilty party here ?
tr	O	He looked at his watch - it was now 8am .
tr	O	Gwen moved along the concrete floor .
tr	I	Once I 'd shut the door behind me , the trembling began , not and just from the cold .
tr	I	Her gaze never left his she as ate .
tr	O	Butterflies fluttered in my stomach as my eyes fell on the little cabin in the middle of the water .
tr	O	I heard about it a year or so ago from someone who had been here .
tr	I	She recognized the constellation dragon .
tr	O	How was it possible for a Sith Lord to obtain the office of the Supreme Chancellor ?
tr	O	6 When Claire opened her eyes and saw the sun creeping around the corners of her blinds , she pulled her extra pillow over her head .
tr	I	Is it her mother 's spirit uneasy come to haunt her ?
tr	O	The girls sat on one side of the room and the boys on the other .
tr	O	He didn 't need to be told what it meant .
tr	I	The broad shoulders front in of Marissa shift and the dark blond head turns toward me .
tr	O	Meg took a sip and set the cup on the counter .
tr	O	I turn to leave but he grabs my hand , pulling me back .
tr	O	After all , he had never met Bax until just days ago .
tr	I	The man writes politics of as though he works in it .
tr	I	I lay there for a long time , squeezed eyes shut against the raindrops , breathing .
tr	O	Quentin finally took pity on Savannah and pried Joey off of her hands .
tr	O	He started rocking back and forth , whimpering again .
tr	I	I was thirsty , that was much certainly true .
tr	I	I also didn 't figure Daryl or Weldon be would happy to answer my questions about werewolf politics .
tr	I	He released the hold on my waist and his lowered eyes to the floor .
tr	I	Beverly had spent a with weekend Phoebe and her large , Catholic family in Wichita .
tr	O	These are the moments that he dreads with every breath when he is himself ; the moments when he is no longer Luca .
tr	O	Chapter 7 Hudson Present Day I felt slightly out of breath as I got to the gym .
tr	I	I would just follow my nose and it would take me them to .
tr	O	Lucy smiled at the compliment .
tr	O	Tragically sad and terribly noble and beautiful .
tr	O	It feels like the world changing and leaving you behind .
tr	I	I squeeze my lids shut tight for a moment , to track her as would I prey on a hunt .
tr	O	Elizabeth went through the door to the stairs .
tr	I	She was struck by the dignified cheerfulness with which they talked of the economies must they make .
tr	I	And don be 't put off by his name .
tr	I	They 'd been honest with other each from the beginning .
tr	I	And if she thought this day couldn 't get any worse , right on cue , Madeleine invited to herself sit in Julian 's chair .
tr	O	He hadn 't reacted well .
tr	O	The hard part is making each event stand out from the thousands of others taking place during the year .
tr	O	Taking a breath , she managed a smile and held out her hand .
tr	O	The man , the Neanderthal male inside of me was screaming .
tr	I	The bolt passes through the right cheek and goes the out back of the jaw , missing the brain .
tr	O	He makes a face .
tr	I	And I heard people knocking on Mrs. Albee 's door - to their pay rent , you know - several times during the morning and afternoon .
tr	I	He gently stroked hair my and kissed me slowly as we made love .
tr	I	There was a silence small then a voice jumped out at them .
tr	I	Ainsley 's beat heart faster .
tr	O	Ruth looked harshly at the man , not really knowing if he was being genuine or if he considered everything to be just one big joke .
tr	I	I have a good car , toys my in garage , and money in the bank .
tr	O	Fiona pointed to some pieces of stained fabric , lying on the doctor 's desk .
tr	I	A painful howl rent still the night air .
tr	I	For the remainder of the they summer couldn 't go outside .
tr	O	His happiness however was to be short lived !
tr	O	He dove for the floor in the front , then checked around for a key .
tr	O	He had never thought of himself as noble or gallant .
tr	I	Officer Winslow took radio his .
tr	I	He didn 't everything share he 's figured out , in fact he didn 't share anything at all .
tr	I	He pulled Vincenzo into fatherly a hug .
tr	O	Ran into some rednecks .
tr	O	Emma screamed as she jumped from her chair , threw open the door and ran onto the front porch .
tr	O	In fact , I felt ill .
tr	O	' My legs are tired , ' she said woefully .
tr	O	I didn 't care .
tr	O	Just looking at him brought comfort .
tr	I	He made himself start putting away the food , which mostly meant beer , along some with eggs and tortillas for breakfast .
tr	O	For all I could tell , he 'd forgotten it .
tr	I	And they look ... so retro and outdated .
tr	I	Clary made a hand gesture she hoped conveyed murderous her intentions toward all things evil .
tr	I	Graeme reached across the table to grasp the older 's man hand .
tr	I	And I got to have a place to wash up and do stuff other out of sight .
tr	I	Henna had told them that only could one speak , and from the look of things it was considered impolite to just barge into the conversation .
tr	O	He cursed his inability to read her mind .
tr	I	Rick had memorized the streets along his escape route , no small feat since many were narrow , one-way , often and confusing .
tr	O	She set up the experiments .
tr	O	He leaned forward to see the freeway sign in the distance , then sped up and zipped past a car to enter the ramp .
tr	I	Each time anyone of us performs an action , any action , that action have could been done differently within another dimension of the universe .
tr	I	Granby shouting was : he had dashed into the room across the way and was leaning out the window .
tr	I	Panic rises within me , but bat I it down .
tr	O	I headed to Rossi 's after work .
tr	O	But Sebastian wasn 't as smart as he thought .
tr	O	Claire tried to pull her head back together .
tr	O	It contained a large stainless-steel examining table , sinks , cabinets filled with bandages , vials of drugs , and surgical instruments .
tr	I	She at looks me .
tr	O	He pinched his lips together .
tr	O	Without the on-line chat room , I never would have met Jean Claude .
tr	I	Charlie wouldn 't speak to me for months , and I probably 'd end up grounded again .
tr	I	A small escaped gasp my sagging jaw .
tr	I	You 're just trying to deny the fact that you cheated on me with that lying human who slut was apparently attacked .
tr	O	Even the pictures of their father-daughter trips were gone , replaced now with pictures of just Kylie .
tr	I	Sam reached for the phone and dialed number a he knew well .
tr	I	She never had seen light like this before .
tr	I	And when the doodles started showing up , became he even more confused .
tr	O	To Hiro that meant there were more lives at risk because of his presence .
tr	O	It was an awful idea .
tr	I	When his gaze lifted to mine , there was a sheen momentary over his eyes .
tr	I	This had been truly a wonderful day .
tr	I	I twisted bottom the of my long-sleeved nightshirt over and over again around my finger and stared up at the moon .
tr	I	The Reboots who managed to escape would have needed be to well protected .
tr	O	He looked up at the warlock , dazed and dizzy .
tr	O	This whole subject was utterly forbidden , as he was well aware .
tr	O	Her cheeks were pink and her eyes were wide with shock .
tr	O	We bought a house and watched my belly grow .
tr	I	My boys , she to says Temple .
tr	O	Both from South Korea , his parents immigrated to the United States when they were in college .
tr	O	At once the noise and smells assaulted her , jangling and jarring until she managed to turn down the volume in her mind .
tr	O	Giggles and smiles accompany the journey but One 's mind slips to Four .
tr	I	He nodded , said but nothing .
tr	I	But again then , Mary was oblivious to most things .
tr	O	Why would you help me ?
tr	I	' This is just social a call .
tr	O	She glanced over her shoulder , nodded , fetched a shawl , and came outside .
tr	O	The baby made her vulnerable .
tr	I	From inside the came book a muffled squeal .
tr	I	I have never seen this of level security before .
tr	O	And he didn 't .
tr	O	Why did she worry so much now ?
tr	I	I might just as well have been pulling the on rock wall itself .
tr	I	I guess he read something of my thoughts , which takes some doing since my is back to him .
tr	I	It took all of strength her to stop kissing him .
tr	I	Shaking her head , Avery searched for her shirt and found it discarded the on floor .
tr	O	My nose and mouth burned with each breath I took .
tr	O	Then I pulled off my damp clothes .
tr	O	She was really doing the job any good investment broker would do , but of course as a respectable woman she could never hold that position .
tr	O	He seems like he wants to say more , squirming and popping his neck , like he has nervous energy flowing through him .
tr	I	She had scarcely her interrupted work .
tr	I	Maybe we can have Beth drop us right at the front door so we 't won have to walk as far .
tr	O	Annie wouldn 't have believed old people could make such a racket .
tr	I	Arjuna handed him club the like nothing at all was wrong .
tr	O	I am surprised by it .
tr	I	He 'd a negotiated perfect deal with them .
tr	O	He would have to exchange a few choice words with Marc .
tr	O	I still have a few minutes before they are coming to get me for an emergency meeting .
tr	O	Rachel forgot all about her blood pressure as she saw spots start forming before her eyes .
tr	I	And Meg , you 're going have to to really push her .
tr	I	However , if you would like to I am open and ready to take to you school every day .
tr	O	Do you know I can 't remember the last five months ?
tr	I	She was so different the from women he usually spent time with .
tr	O	We 'd see them at the movies .
tr	O	She hears his clothes fall to the soil beneath them .
tr	O	Slowly , his arms begin to loosen from around me .
tr	O	The video itself brought back nothing though .
tr	O	The debriefing done , Jonah let me freshen up in his small bathroom .
tr	O	She 's got the Osage in her .
tr	O	He ... he was armed .
tr	O	She looked me in the eye and backed away from me .
tr	I	Even more the experienced soldiers were nearing their breaking point .
tr	O	The cab pulled away and sped off .
tr	I	But Uncle Art proud was of her .
tr	I	Her body was aligned directly next to mine , our and entire sides were touching .
tr	O	A wolf would have been able to track them through the snow .
tr	O	Tying the laces , she realized Disco had never made a sound during this whole encounter .
tr	I	And a large fireplace competed for attention with the same amazing view the room sitting had .
tr	O	I would never stand for that .
tr	O	I hope to God they aren 't recording this .
tr	O	But what if it 's not ?
tr	O	Mr. Clearwater didn 't look convinced , but he said nothing else , leaving Shawn alone again .
tr	O	He nodded and we sailed back to the house and spent a quite evening with the family around the barbeque .
tr	O	Helen gave a start at the question and turned from closing the bedchamber door to find her aunt approaching down the hallway from her own room .
tr	I	She was ready say to hello when her good start to the weekend , instantly crumbled .
tr	O	They toured the perimeter , and Brian almost vomited at the sights and sounds .
tr	O	I 'd die for you .
tr	I	- What it does mean immortal ?
tr	I	Her was voice watery and strange , like in a dream .
tr	I	What actor worth his sweat doesn 't to want do Shakespeare ?
tr	O	Only a little farther .
tr	I	I simply still stood , staring into his face as though he were an animal at the zoo .
tr	O	She was asleep before Cade lowered her onto it .
tr	O	She just knew his track record with women was bad news and she 'd already had enough bad news to last a lifetime .
tr	O	With a grating protest , the engine stuttered to life .
tr	O	Behind them others slowed from stride to amble .
tr	O	And one more step .
tr	O	She had to know what time Eve got home , had to see if Joe kissed her at the door ... or was invited inside .
tr	I	Natalie answered phone the .
tr	I	The group laughed politely , with and Jim leading the way , made their way towards the door .
tr	I	He up held an enormous hand .
tr	O	She followed the directions on her GPS through town and turned off into a parking lot in front of Hayden 's building .
tr	O	He wanted to see those emotions light up her face again .
tr	O	Her Steward noticed everything .
tr	O	I took a deep breath in a vain attempt not to throttle her in her hospital bed .
tr	I	They were actually laughing and joking with each other , the air around them with charged a very radiant kind of energy .
tr	I	Her gaze slid to ground the , her posture tightening defensively at his question .
tr	O	The bag is full of food in case it takes you too long . '
tr	I	Rowan listened this to , thoughtfully .
tr	O	Focusing on it closer , it looked like it was tied around a leaf , which led me to believe it hadn 't been there long .
tr	O	It 's also important that you try to stay positive .
tr	I	He would have liked to have been able to fall asleep when he so desired , or at the very least , he when was tired .
tr	O	Emma took a long sip of her iced tea .
tr	I	Destiny controlled panic her , thinking , determined to use her brain .
tr	O	Mia looks at me and makes a circle next to her temples with her fingers .
tr	O	He wasn 't the only one .
tr	I	A laugh from inside deep erupted .
tr	I	Sure it was a idea crazy , but why not ?
tr	O	Moments passed and then everything clicked into place .
tr	O	He needed his guidance .
tr	O	Timberlake unlocked his cocoon , stepped out to the deck .
tr	O	They all believed smoking caused lung cancer .
tr	I	He 'd started dating her shortly after Katie had moved the into two-bedroom apartment with him .
tr	O	My robe reshaped itself again .
tr	O	he teased , and then let out a playful laugh .
tr	I	Yoda redirected every of drop the dark side energy into his cane .
tr	I	The of feel its weight gave her a sense of safety .
tr	O	Show me anything you want but not ... that I 'm not good enough .
tr	I	Gone were his cocky feelings , gone triumphant his anticipation , chased away by visions of ignominy .
tr	O	For which she was extremely grateful .
tr	O	Until then , young fur balls are raised by their packs in remote corners of the world while learning how to blend in with mankind .
tr	O	Hope just got off the phone with him from Kansas City .
tr	I	Would be he all right ?
tr	O	It takes an hour or two for the battle lust to pass .
tr	I	This will take a little time but it will also make everything normal seem to everyone around , especially Rita .
tr	O	They 'd be good to fight alongside , and just as good to outrun if a horde got to clip their duster tails .
tr	O	He places the metal grate over the hole but leaves the screws off .
tr	I	His rang voice out clearly in her mind .
tr	O	Jill sent him off with her credit card .
tr	I	I asked him , tensing my for muscles a fight .
tr	I	I bounded up porch the steps , feeling the thump of the rifle against my back as I took them two at a time in leaping bounds .
tr	O	Her weakness was open .
tr	O	I fell to the floor and lying on my back looking at the ceiling I accessed the futility of my situation .
tr	I	Something very was wrong .
tr	O	That didn 't sound so bad .
tr	I	His glossy brown hair was pulled back in ponytail a .
tr	I	' Sorry Father I got away carried . '
tr	I	He gets up and kisses the top of head my .
tr	O	He had missed any other heavy objects , was stunned but felt no new pain .
tr	I	With a giggle , she disappeared the behind brown , wooden door and started the water .
tr	O	I put those thoughts out of my mind as she ran round the table , still clutching her rags around her .
tr	O	The woman grinned and handed her a pack of information .
tr	I	He knew the layout and confirmed quickly that no other soldiers were stationed on this floor of the apartment .
tr	I	I my exhaled last breath of nicotine smoke .
tr	I	He 'd raced up those stairs and had ready been to beat the man to death in an instant .
tr	O	I crashed through the wall to land hard in the lit fireplace .
tr	I	Hanna in leaned , too , giddy with anticipation .
tr	O	Trying to save Vaughn .
tr	O	I sit down to the table and grab one of the paper plates and toss a slice onto it .
tr	O	And something inside tells me I never should .
tr	O	His arm brushed her stomach and he realized she was heavy with child .
tr	I	Was she afraid of the magic - or the more solid form the had magic taken ?
tr	I	Jack , Gabe , and the book were always very real , but when I tried to interfere , they were consistency the of a hologram .
tr	I	She wondered why it wasn 't them behind anymore .
tr	O	How his ranch was one of the biggest in the county and he 'd left his marriage and Los Angeles to carry on the family tradition .
tr	O	He wished Melinda had been standing beside them ; he wanted to look at her one last time .
tr	I	It wrong was that she should be expected to fix the situation .
tr	I	Kitchen , bathroom and was bed all that was required and that 's what she had .
tr	I	' Then that 's where you 'll find the guy you after 're .
tr	O	Nobody would foot the bill to shore them up .
tr	I	Twin rumbles came from the hill behind me , and I turned just Jeremiah as and Lucas rode up and stopped on either side of me .
tr	O	Sometimes life is rough and rough sex follows .
tr	I	That , s the what world would expect of her , that she , ll get on the phone to the NIH .
tr	O	Do you think of God ?
tr	I	The way they together moved , you would think it hurt them not to touch .
tr	I	He reached inside Landrover the again .
tr	O	' I see your scar has almost faded , ' said Victor , indicating the faint mark near Reid 's left shoulder .
tr	O	Being needed was something I thought I wanted .
tr	I	She clapped hand her over her mouth .
tr	O	Yet Viktor tugged the dagger out the trunk and blocked the blow of the larger blade .
tr	O	There had been a nasty fight break out , a war of words , a beating of breasts .
tr	O	You can 't come in here and accuse me .
tr	O	By then you and your sister were already born .
tr	I	If were there little pieces I needed to fill in , I 'd do it .
tr	O	He had never been to Cozumel .
tr	I	I them pictured amazingly life-like .
tr	O	He could bring flowers , open a bottle of wine on the patio under the stars , and tell her how he felt .
tr	O	There was only one thing in the room that had a lock .
tr	O	I am not entirely certain why this was .
tr	I	Emma her shook head .
tr	O	And the villagers would keep watch with us .
tr	I	My voice slightly was better , that time .
tr	O	He was bleeding from the stomach .
tr	O	I know what you said , idiot .
tr	I	Enough space so she 't couldn smell his incredible , male scent that filled her head with some sort of enticing spice that she couldn 't identify .
tr	I	She could feet hear coming toward her along the shore .
tr	I	It was tragic and serious and no one deserved to such face circumstances alone .
tr	O	Time Capsule was a stupid game , nothing more .
tr	O	He now had his T-shirt on as well .
tr	I	I took a breath deep .
tr	I	It was his like world went into a tunnel .
tr	O	Despite his rage , Hagan realized that he and his friends were in no shape for combat .
tr	O	I didn 't want to hear that I was better off without her .
tr	O	The little girl was busy and focused , and not interested in meeting a stranger .
tr	I	She glanced toward as him she scraped sliced green peppers into the salad bowl .
tr	O	She hadn 't any more tears left , and even if she did , she couldn 't spend them on herself .
tr	I	The Great Tree filled the horizon , its canopy out blocking the planet 's sun .
tr	O	Joanna felt her face twisting helplessly .
tr	I	Lots room of , Love remembered that .
tr	O	When the knob finished its turn with a click , I felt a sudden pressure on my back and wrists pushing me against the wooden door .
tr	I	The shook magistrate his head .
tr	I	The remaining five were all reported from missing either London or Manchester .
tr	O	He lifted her chin to gaze down into her eyes .
tr	I	He miss must her too .
tr	O	Chapter 43 : Schengen Mere moments after stepping foot on French soil Pierre was leaving again .
tr	I	From three sides of the ashram , the first series of Himalayan mountains rise like ramparts a of castle .
tr	I	It was four in afternoon the when Ethan reached the curve in the road at the end of town .
tr	I	Then turned he on the radio .
tr	O	There was a gap to the right of it about half a metre wide .
tr	I	It was also a rare punishment , many a year would pass without an abandonment on passed an offender .
tr	I	Above me , doors crashed open and filtered moonlight in .
tr	O	My cousins are already making noises about Cyrus being mentally incompetent .
tr	I	Grace more was than happy to fill him in .
tr	O	I already knew who they were as I found myself staring at two pairs of green eyes .
tr	O	The pristine white gloves that stretched midway up her arms did nothing to mitigate the overwhelming carnality of her appearance .
tr	O	He nibbled his way down her throat to the curve of her breast .
tr	I	He watched with interest as Jonas casually took his off hands Verity 's shoulders .
tr	I	I love Carol I and 'll learn to love her baby .
tr	O	She didn 't look at him to see if he 'd caught her slip , but she cringed because Drake never missed anything .
tr	O	I leaped into the air at the oncoming group , slicing one across the face and kicking another one hard with both of my feet .
tr	I	She covered herself by crossing her arms across her chest , her frown even darker as she glanced the at brothers .
tr	I	Now where I am ?
tr	I	She looked around her for sandals and saw them floating in the pool .
tr	O	On the far shore she could see Jem with the other end of the rope .
tr	I	Mere thoughts of finally violence taking form now that he has the capability to execute .
tr	O	I asked her if she was okay and why was she there , and she said she was waiting to see Reg Leonard .
tr	I	His wife 's books , which he apparently didn care 't for .
tr	O	Fighting for old world Kings over old world countries for old world reasons .
tr	O	Afterward , she rested the ax on the floor and leaned on its handle .
tr	I	I began lower to my hands and I could feel the strength of the shield waver slightly .
tr	O	The fun was gone for me now , and Sam looked as grim as I felt .
tr	O	The sounds grew after that , like the roar of the ocean closing on him with the same inevitability of the tide .
tr	O	Lucy and Allison stumbled past me , to stand behind where I was sitting .
tr	O	The Detective shakes his head and tries to blink the blurriness out of his eyes .
tr	O	Derek brushed the back of my head with his hand .
tr	O	I 've never been so thankful to see Trish .
tr	O	I know what I did was wrong .
tr	I	The were possibilities endless , and as I stared at her , I gave her a grin .
tr	O	To what just happened with that toxic explosion ?
tr	O	If I could have drawn up my dream girl in high school , it would have looked just like her .
tr	I	Working full-time , keeping up with Jeff and home her was about all Robin could manage herself .
tr	O	It was a discovery I showed them that they wouldn 't have found out until forty years in the future .
tr	I	He nodded toward Mrs. Carmody , who was sitting by herself the at end of the aisle .
tr	I	Dexter looked me at .
tr	I	I realized was it too soon for me to say those words to her .
tr	O	We 're just testing right now .
tr	I	As if her friend 's death weren 't enough , Emma had recently seen Becky , her own mother , for first the time in thirteen years .
tr	O	Really , why should the FBI be so concerned ?
tr	O	If I pictured thirty blocks of butter molded around my waist , okay , that was a lot .
tr	I	She never wanted to him stop .
tr	O	His kiss was hungry .
tr	O	That was when things got interesting .
tr	O	She scans the wall briefly , looking for a large undecorated space .
tr	I	It was one of the reasons made she me feel so ... known .
tr	O	He just hasn 't been caught .
tr	I	I felt a little unsteady and he put his on hand my shoulder .
tr	I	Skyla doesn 't a say word .
tr	I	He saw the contents of the locker drifting across away the cavity .
tr	I	Soon the set sun and nothing had happened , but I was freezing , since I had run out without a coat .
tr	O	Should he fall from a tree while gathering fruit or nuts , he might break a leg .
tr	I	But Emma could hear the rattle of the inner bag as Max reached into the for box one cookie after another .
tr	O	He wanted to court her the way Lily deserved .
tr	I	Worry started to in settle her features .
tr	O	Then I blotted the drop of blood from his hand with my handkerchief and handed the frilly little piece of cloth to him .
tr	I	Debbie had just down come after putting young Toby to bed and when she stopped to talk he shared his observation with her .
tr	O	What good would it do ?
tr	I	He wiped his mouth and threw his napkin the on table .
tr	O	The wind rushed over and around my wings , adding to the experience .
tr	O	The jet was one part of the weekend he 'd mapped out for Julia in Vegas .
tr	O	She was beautiful and kind and funny and smart .
tr	O	How could it be ?
tr	I	It took her a few seconds for the words to in sink .
tr	I	Gene pondered worriedly out loud .
tr	I	She unpacked another wedge the of delicious cheese , a loaf of black bread , a jar of mushrooms , and a gooseberry tart glazed in honey .
tr	O	Some of the horrific terror that had gripped him by the throat for the last hours eased .
tr	O	You seem like an outsider to me !
tr	I	I moved cautiously forward and picked it up , nearly tripping the over shoes that were underneath it .
tr	O	It was weird and out of character but I wanted to talk to the man .
tr	O	It was the first question that came into her befuddled mind .
tr	O	It wasn 't quite a lie , and she moved on quickly .
tr	I	Out the of corner of my eye I saw Sam fall to the ground and launch himself at us .
tr	O	So you would have to see further than forty miles .
tr	I	Instead , down below , a thick , dark pool churned ominously , belching fat and bubbles noxious fumes .
tr	O	I knew at once , it was not him speaking .
tr	O	That was wrong on so many levels , and I didn 't need my memories to know that .
tr	I	Fitzwilliam greeted John with an and enthusiastic uncomfortable hug .
tr	O	And if he was asking , that meant that he wanted to know , that the answer mattered to him .
tr	I	Anna 's mouth instantly ran dry as reached she for her suitcase .
tr	I	Edwards ' assistant and he didn 't adapt kindly to - Folklore he sort of held him responsible for Doc .
tr	O	The armies of the false king are ready to march on Summer and Winter .
tr	I	I can 't reason with a person like that , so I have no choice to but remove her .
tr	O	I didn 't need to pick an argument .
tr	I	How I thought she was ready to make change a .
tr	O	When they got enough of them , they stood back up and started giving me kisses .
tr	O	Chapter Eight The loud banging seemed to vibrate through my body .
tr	O	All the really great batters play outfield .
tr	O	Why do I have to be so forgetful and disorganized ?
tr	O	Elvira swept past him to the hatch without so much as a glance .
tr	O	Women head-to-toe in black wander sobbing through the desolation .
tr	O	Clever looked at me and smiled .
tr	I	She 'd never see man that again .
tr	I	I love you and have loved you since I you met .
tr	I	No other mansions appeared on the for horizon miles .
tr	O	For the moment , then , he would keep leading the conversation , hoping he could bring it back around and ease in his question .
tr	I	She was only surprised that he giving was her this small amount of space .
tr	O	Brielle traces a heart with her finger onto the hood of the jeep , then rubs the muck off on her jeans .
tr	O	Jared stopped me again .
tr	I	He had repeated the last sentence the ironic same way I said it the previous day .
tr	O	I was quiet for a moment , unsure of how to answer .
tr	O	We 're supposed to fly it .
tr	O	Maggie wrapped her arms around herself and stared at him .
tr	I	Forgetting Cole , who has stepped off his bike and is impatiently looking at the doors , I focus on Jake .
tr	I	The Warehouse District crowded the edge the of spaceport like a tumor on the city .
tr	I	Unlike land the horses , Corr doesn 't loiter over hay all night or sigh through his lips .
tr	I	She 't didn bother knocking .
tr	O	Her shoulders lost their tension and she smiled tentatively at him .
tr	I	Nikko panted beside her , his ears tall , eyes his everywhere .
tr	I	His body trembled with anticipation he and could feel Joni shiver .
tr	I	Theirs had been a quick trip to altar the .
tr	O	The creature continued to advance , shaking the ground with each step .
tr	I	I 've had to lie to everyone about she where is .
tr	O	For a moment the woman paused then she raised her chin and looked across the room at him .
tr	I	On the second floor of the hospital , Detective Constable Bowser sat in the CCTV control studying room the endless hours of footage from the hospital tapes .
tr	I	She swung her forward hand as if tossing something , two fingers jabbing toward his eye .
tr	O	Chapter Three Knox McKenna surprising me last night should have been a good thing .
tr	I	You be will informed when he accepts .
tr	I	The prospect of an infinity of gods is a much greater disproof of the ontological argument that only defines one supreme being as possible .
tr	O	Kate folds her arms across her chest and Asher places a hand on her back .
tr	O	I didn 't stick around to find out .
tr	O	The crackle of amber energy snakes , that wove together to make the Guardian field , sizzled against the heels of her deerskin boots .
tr	O	Typically the strongest person holds the net -- in my group it will be me , in the other group it will be Paul .
tr	I	He laughed and touched his to finger my nose .
tr	O	He got on to his knees and crawled under the split in the rock , through an excavated tunnel .
tr	I	Tears streamed down her face , as she to continued read .
tr	I	She looked at fiercely him .
tr	O	You 've insulted my kinsmen .
tr	I	I 'm Jarrod Donald 's daughter .
tr	I	A cheer went up at front the as it came free .
tr	I	' That depends how on you intend to get yourself a new gasket .
tr	O	As he got closer I realised who it was , and why he seemed so familiar .
tr	O	He 'd matured faster than he should have had to .
tr	O	Pox fights for me .
tr	I	He moved closer looking as if would he take another kiss right then .
tr	O	' Oh , shit , ' the man whispered , the words appearing before his lips in a fruitless puff of steam .
tr	O	Cat is asking : Is there actually any interesting facts and information ?
tr	O	The house resembled something out of a 1950s movie .
tr	I	It appear would so .
tr	I	I want to bury them , the but ground is frozen beneath the snowpack .
tr	I	I 't don want him to die .
tr	O	I 'd thought I 'd rescinded that invitation - not that I 'd ever dreamed Jacob would come here , regardless .
tr	O	He passed the platter on to Bricker without further comment and then turned his attention to his own meal .
tr	O	I rose up and dusted the soil off of my knees and hands .
tr	O	She stroked over and around , growing bolder as she felt his reaction .
tr	O	He fell into deep thought for a short while before raising the book for all to see and resuming his historical tale with smooth flourish .
tr	I	Flashing cut lights through the windshield .
tr	I	Matteo stood looming over him , slashing his skin to the where point Kiev was becoming unrecognizable .
tr	O	Fred wasn 't invited .
tr	I	Over the of course the next two weeks , I went through more highs and lows than I would have thought possible .
tr	I	His mind winged back to their first date the in glider .
tr	I	I looked above me , expecting to something see .
tr	I	But she saw few very positive qualities in him .
tr	I	James It turned out that Paul and were I the stupidest smart people ever invented , because we couldn 't make the damn play work .
tr	O	Mercer had been trying for months to get her to go out with him , but she was as standoffish as she was stacked .
tr	I	But as the rumbling continued , she realized it wasn a 't storm .
tr	O	Boy 412 opened the trapdoor in the potion cupboard and held the lantern high , his hand trembling a little , while Jenna scrambled down the ladder .
tr	I	Ezio 's horse better was than the courier 's , and the man was no fighter .
tr	O	She put her arm around my shoulder .
tr	I	After back putting the boxes , Jasmine turned off the light and crossed the hall to an office .
tr	O	They even managed to smile a few times .
tr	O	My face stung and I turned quickly to look out the passenger window .
tr	I	Weston made replies no .
tr	O	She wanted the ache to ease .
tr	I	He didn 't it like at all .
tr	O	I take a firm grip of the rungs on the ladder before stepping my feet onto the ones below .
tr	I	Perhaps it was one of those better things left unknown .
tr	O	Three shots were then fired in the direction of a few employees .
tr	I	But when Mikey wasn 't back by midnight , began Allie to worry .
tr	I	He he supposed should be flattered .
tr	I	I held my breath and crossed my fingers door for number two .
tr	I	He struck the beast 's rear flank lower , sending her into a tailspin .
tr	I	The blue eyes set in the lined face seemed to be weighing and his measuring entire life .
tr	I	She had given Claude the to chance do the right thing .
tr	O	So while he 'd lost one Lily , he 'd gained back another .
tr	I	It was just like being locked in that bedroom in the Poconos when had Ali set fire to the house .
tr	O	The window of neglect that enabled her old self to take root again coincided with the aftermath of James ' raid on the Sanctuary .
tr	I	As a boy he had snorkeled along the reef during the summer trips mission .
tr	O	I think that happens everywhere .
tr	I	I figured if she was ready , 'd she let me know .
tr	O	The scene would have seemed completely normal , except the young man was also wearing a pointed hat made out of tin foil .
tr	O	Hiding in the shadows .
tr	O	If all was correct on the subject board there would be little or no difference between the two images and they would appear as one .
tr	I	The white faded to black she and appeared .
tr	O	I see the woman 's car from the side of the road just up ahead , so that must mean Brielle 's here too .
tr	I	A man that attractive and that good in bed was not going to hang around too me long .
tr	I	I heard her shout to others the in room and I could sense movement .
tr	I	Mat called out , trying to lure the dog himself out .
tr	O	We almost - in Karou parlance - ' entered each other 's magnetic fields for the first time . '
tr	I	Not that she had expected to see him any in of her classes .
tr	I	I supposed I was going to have to quiz the team on hostile and uniques make sure we kept that group under tabs .
tr	O	It 's about me too .
tr	O	As Vasile calmly said these words , Anton 's anxiety was palpable , scrambling around looking everywhere in the bushes for any sign of the vampires .
tr	O	He glanced around the room , his expression bored .
tr	O	Dense orange fog passed outside the cockpit windows .
tr	O	He 's on the fast track to get the first shot at Goffman .
tr	O	He was not afraid to fight and die , but successfully pretending that he was would be critical for the success of his scheme .
tr	O	Don 't tell me .
tr	O	If only John weren 't so paranoid and could speak better English .
tr	I	She her rolled eyes .
tr	I	He felt responsible for what had happened that terrible night when he was supposed to stayed have to watch out for her .
tr	I	Then they back came at night to extract the corpse .
tr	O	Then he faced the sun .
tr	O	He 'd never met her , and he already had reason to hate her .
tr	O	I grip the chair beneath me with white knuckles .
tr	O	No one who worked for them did either .
tr	O	He didn 't even seem interested .
tr	O	I kept replaying the events in my head .
tr	O	He starts to get up , but I pull on his hand .
tr	O	Her face lit up with a smile when she caught sight of us .
tr	I	Mackenzie touched the sensitive skin , flushing as remembered she him lifting her skirt and taking her from behind .
tr	O	I didn 't realize that this was my view .
tr	I	The stranger who usually drove around with a young woman in the passenger seat looked he like might come over one time .
tr	O	Dallas sips slowly from her coffee before smiling , the gap between her front teeth charming , her lips a natural bright red .
tr	O	The room smelled like something rotten , the walls dirty yellow and puke green .
tr	I	She into laughed my shirt .
tr	O	I don 't know if he has any information but I really would like to know what 's happening to Alec and me .
tr	O	Their hands were clasped , fingers laced , and parts of her - parts she 'd only ever warmed up alone - were going full blast .
tr	I	Basketball and hoops bicycles were unattended in the yards .
tr	O	What was there to say ?
tr	I	We don 't speak , just we exist together .
tr	I	He felt it was humiliating to intelligence his , the police department and humanity in general .
tr	I	Blake shook head his .
tr	I	Shane was surprised when a stole blush over her cheeks .
tr	O	You just got here .
tr	O	It 's not a strong signal ; it 's only designed to go a couple hundred meters to the rover or Hab .
tr	O	Cooper claimed to be on his own .
tr	O	Although she was farther from the house than she would 've liked , she couldn 't find better cover .
tr	O	Hannah laid her crochet aside and stood .
tr	O	In others , the dark moon shares the sky with the sun .
tr	I	The Spaniard short 's , bulky frame concealed his strength and speed , both with weapons and his fists .
tr	O	His usual cheery self .
tr	I	The idea of him was stupid , but even though he picked it randomly , it a was great choice for him .
tr	I	Yet without their iron moral certainty , the class ruling would have wilted during those long years of battle .
tr	I	Your has skin a glow it didn 't have before .
tr	O	A troop of referees appeared from backstage and ran down the entrance ramp to the ring , supposedly to bring order .
tr	I	We our put sunglasses back on in the car , grinning at each other .
tr	I	Alix on choked a sob .
tr	O	' Should I interpret it as such ? '
tr	O	He ripped off his boxers without arguing .
tr	O	Lowry let out a frustrated , why are you wasting my time sigh .
tr	O	The crowd seemed to part for her , as if in a series of orchestrated moves .
tr	I	As crossed she the hall towards the kitchen , Jake reached out for his keys .
tr	O	The world , that once felt like it was his to take , now felt like a very cold and isolated place .
tr	I	For the first time since he 'd purchased the winery ten years earlier , he left the bulk of the details of crush the to his staff .
tr	I	And without his calm determination , I might be screaming tearing and out my hair .
tr	O	But I do know that he was in my dining room by seven the next morning .
tr	I	No , she would not be pleased all at .
tr	I	She tried to scream his name , but the word came out as more little than a gasp , her vocal cords all but immobilized .
tr	O	She didn 't want it to be over .
tr	I	Too bad the someone doing it now slowly was having the life sucked out of him .
tr	I	* * Sam * was already on the bus at six , on his way to work .
tr	I	Liam was grinning , but Deni saw the moisture in his eyes , his for sorrow his dead brother never far away .
tr	O	His black eyes studied her with amusement as she scooted as far away from him on the bench as she could get .
tr	O	There 's a path of blood dripping down his arm and his cheek is scraped .
tr	O	The boy was the spitting image of Jack 's friend and fellow mercenary , Tim Mallory .
tr	O	At this point , sitting still would be a mistake .
tr	O	And I think I 'm falling for him again .
tr	O	Yes , that shocked him .
tr	O	Unless Nan came out screaming and ruined my chance to see Harlow in those cute little pajamas I 'd seen her in the first day .
tr	O	Corinne lay very quietly , stayed completely focused .
tr	I	There were hearts on either side of names our .
tr	I	Audrey said , circling the at cart a safe distance .
tr	O	She wore a pretty dark brown cashmere dress and didn 't have a single hair out of place .
tr	I	Nonetheless , I loved the sound of the part last of what he had said .
tr	O	I stared at the larger-than-life picture of me pointing my finger at Jack , my face clearly twisted in anger .
tr	I	He rummaged in the fridge for something , but up came with only a couple of apples .
tr	O	Imagine if that was actually a real strawberry marshmallow , you could live inside it for a week and then eat yourself out .
tr	O	He chuckled , shifting closer .
tr	I	Shauna then led them up the stairs and into to a large white room , perhaps used in more productive times for or presentations meeting clients .
tr	I	Obviously , I 'd had my fair share of tonight alcohol as well .
tr	I	But , are we here now .
tr	O	Liam opened the SUV door for me to get in , and waved to my parents as he tracked around to the driver 's side .
tr	O	He expected Trace to get that .
tr	O	Shadow came right along with me .
tr	O	I have it . '
tr	I	You just didn 't see me your as king . '
tr	O	She vigilantly monitored his energy field to be sure that she didn 't inspire any inappropriate physical desires in the boy .
tr	O	Mr Prentiss Jr 's voice and Noise both change again .
tr	O	A horse was being led into barn A , his figure back-lit by the soft light that poured through the open doors .
tr	O	Determination could be seen on Lea 's eyes , sending the message that she won 't go down no matter what they threw at her .
tr	I	It the was closest thing to a solid .
tr	O	It made the people slow .
tr	I	Still , revenge hinted personal at animosity .
tr	O	She had black hair to her shoulders .
tr	I	You think my mom would 've just left me even without saying good bye ?
tr	I	But if all goes well , 'll it be the second happiest day of my life within a fortnight !
tr	O	Helen took another bite of the tender chicken in a lemon , butter sauce .
tr	I	Roberts looked down , and recognized 's Albert handwriting .
tr	I	What is there to about do this situation ?
tr	O	Even hit some deodorant now that we 've got a girl in the house .
tr	I	He looked the up phone number for The Corral .
tr	O	Lizzie nodded and the woman laughed .
tr	O	What was Amy 's connection with Avery ?
tr	I	Inadvertently I 'd learned lot a from her over the years just by overhearing her business meetings and phone calls .
tr	I	The light dingy is but adequate .
tr	O	Grace always had the feeling that he was about to burst into song .
tr	O	At this , he smiled widely , rocked on his heels , and hiked his pants up .
tr	O	I thought of my dad and I couldn 't stop .
tr	I	A string of constant reminders flow my through thoughts so I will not lose hold of it .
tr	I	That flipped his switch memory .
tr	I	It was past time he started getting used to the idea that Harvard no was longer a part of the Order .
tr	O	A dim lamp in the corner of the room dulled the glow of his eyes , but not the love in them .
tr	I	Quince ran thumb his over her jaw .
tr	O	And still he stood there , watching her , waiting for her to make the first move .
tr	O	Now there was just the red glow of the space heaters above them .
tr	O	He stopped along the sidewalk , next to a house with an ill-fated garden .
tr	I	So had Cal , although the all grass around the pond was green now .
tr	O	Sometimes it was hard to tell .
tr	O	Claire told me this was normal , though she seemed worried about rent .
tr	I	Somebody might see him around lurking .
tr	O	Bo swept his lips across mine and then crushed me to his chest .
tr	O	She 'd heard the phrase plenty of times .
tr	I	In strange a way , the land struck me as being both hopeful and tragic .
tr	O	After a few rounds of coughing and choking , I managed to equalize my breathing .
tr	O	Suddenly he picked her up , levitated , then began moving swiftly from room to room .
tr	I	Grandma Frida shook her head sipped and her tea .
tr	I	The skin his of palms was slightly rough , totally manly .
tr	O	Mr. Dalton grins and gestures for me to come in .
tr	I	She couldn 't tear her wrists from wall the and run to him .
tr	O	Leaving only their lighting , life-support systems and com online .
tr	I	Although , shouldn I 't think they need know who took it .
tr	I	I pitched three more platters at in him quick succession .
tr	I	When I thought about it , I realized that I hadn eaten 't since yesterday , and my stomach was aching with the realization .
tr	I	And I didn 't want to take Mia 's suggestion even if I could Buck reach 's house and I doubted I could .
tr	I	The weight of her gaze was like a stroke along his skin , her words salve to past a wound .
tr	I	It was then Tolland that began hallucinating .
tr	O	What a funny little man he was .
tr	O	I 'm taken aback by his harsh tone .
tr	I	I called the house and Jeremy up picked .
tr	I	An old warehouse that Chance had into converted a home .
tr	O	Alec growled as he came around the corner .
tr	I	Black shapes of their own law and element whip about like tentacles as the darkness even grows larger .
tr	I	It had the happened other way round .
tr	O	She flashed a saucy little smirk at him .
tr	O	At the end of each routine , the ladies collected their due from the crowd .
tr	I	Some days she was excited at what she learned had , some days she was more somber .
tr	I	Apparently neither of had them had enough ambition to change last night .
tr	I	And maybe if I clicked my heels together three I times 'd be in Kansas and not in the middle of this mess .
tr	I	' He 's read he everything can about you .
tr	O	She gave a curt wave and then ran out the door .
tr	I	He bunched the hem of her T-shirt in his hands and inched up it , slowly , revealing inch by inch of creamy pale skin and freckles .
tr	O	Kylie frowned , and the dead cold seemed to crawl against her skin .
tr	O	At the edge of the development , where Jonathan had come in , the houses were still under construction and the ground grew rough .
tr	O	He wanted to go home .
tr	I	I say to hoping lighten her concern .
tr	I	Another kicked her hard in stomach the several times .
tr	I	Jeff 's secretary answered the phone , and the transferred call to Sam .
tr	O	Bod quite liked crows .
tr	I	With a cry pain of , Tarleton ripped his finger away leaving the skin adhering to the metal .
tr	O	She deserved a little pampering .
tr	I	I let my head fall against the stone and soaked in the of warmth the sun which would be burning Kaspar 's exposed hands and face .
tr	I	I looked in the small , rectangular mirror and to wanted punch my worthless face .
tr	O	Something about being with a Pure just ... does it for me .
tr	O	My mom didn 't judge but she wouldn 't be above committing me .
tr	O	He swept the dust off the surface .
tr	I	The were sheets cold and his wife was warm .
tr	O	She had a wicked smile on her face and Lauren immediately knew what was coming next .
tr	I	Instead , she felt like she was following Thomas around the house , waiting for him look to at her and talk to her .
tr	O	She 'd assumed ... but it could have been his ego hurt by her blanket rejection , not his heart .
tr	I	Reaching into my pocket , I slip my phone out and it turn back on .
tr	O	Maybe it was not the free ride everyone was hoping for .
tr	I	They tortured others with their words , their used words to get what they wanted or needed .
tr	I	The carriage to pulled a sudden stop .
tr	I	Verlaine her shook head .
tr	O	All the brothers made our way to the new place , bringing the Young Gentlemen with us , dressed in their fine clothes .
tr	I	Suddenly she was afraid to hope even .
tr	I	His tone is authoritative and stares he directly at the man in charge .
tr	I	They formed a patchwork of colors around the central as field tribes staked out their own areas .
tr	I	Wrapped against up the cold .
tr	O	Someone sat down next to me .
tr	O	Shayne 's a great father , and he 's my brother .
tr	I	The sun had risen ; it grow would hot before long .
tr	I	I 'm guessing 're we in Mayfair .
tr	O	They must still be asleep .
tr	I	When she awoke her empty stomach cold felt and knotted .
tr	O	Chuck , once Gail was safe , turned and yelled at Rusty .
tr	I	Marie succeeded in pulling Sandra off me began and gathering the scattered chips .
tr	O	Buzz was at the bar drinking a Budweiser and stuffing a six-pack into a small cooler .
tr	I	And it wasn just 't kids who thought that .
tr	O	He hadn 't been my son , he was a monster .
tr	O	He pours wine down Tantalus ' throat until he sputters and chokes .
tr	I	Now , it been has noted by many people that Caridad and I share a certain fluency , a public chemistry .
tr	I	I it know was stupid .
tr	I	I stared at petrified Angel , babbling and panicking the entire time , and then I at looked the empty window .
tr	O	This is really important for her , and maybe for you .
tr	I	Zoey handed her a tall glass of what looked like tea with sprig a of mint leaves .
tr	O	he wrapped an arm around her waist .
tr	I	Sage wanted to talk his about late father .
tr	I	His face had relaxed in sleep , softening his lips and the grooves beside mouth his .
tr	O	Penny 's eyes weren 't nearly as friendly as Todd 's .
tr	O	People were supposed to take rattling breaths when they died , she 'd remembered .
tr	O	' It started out as a record of my lap band surgery but now it 's mostly about what Max and I get up to . '
tr	I	Just to imagine the looks and thoughts of Skip and Kerry , the convulsive repugnance they would certainly feel me for .
tr	I	First , rose the buds stiffened .
tr	O	As he caressed the trigger with his index finger , Paul realized that he hadn 't even checked to see if the gun was loaded .
tr	I	There was a round lid that had been open pushed .
tr	I	Goodness , he had the backside best she 'd ever seen on a man .
tr	O	I should go to the office right now !
tr	I	I keep can them distracted .
tr	O	The trio cut through a back lane on their way to the beach with the dogs leading .
tr	I	Her eyes filled and she wrapped her arms around his neck , pulling him into sisterly a hug .
tr	I	I didn 't know what the I hell wanted .
tr	I	That was why would Yoshida fail .
tr	O	Well , at least I don 't have to participate in the ass kissing , he thought .
tr	O	He didn 't want to do it .
tr	O	My desire for him bloomed in my stomach .
tr	I	Thought Lea , whose discovery gave a boost to morale her .
tr	O	He gives me a wide grin displaying missing front teeth , instantly reminding me of Storm 's daughter , Mia .
tr	I	Something my in brain detonated , and panic filled me .
tr	O	Carol had a very bad feeling about Brian 's situation and the infamous Dr. Donovan .
tr	I	Eirik deserved a hero 's recognition , even it if was through the grapevine .
tr	O	She is dry , safe on dry ground in her island home .
tr	I	Her palms grew damp and her heart began beat to too quickly , as though she were preparing to run for her life .
tr	O	The ride seemed to take forever , and Gary was looking so pale , he was almost green .
tr	O	Sitting at a stoplight I struggled with the ring again , using my nails to try to pry it off , but it did nothing .
tr	I	She put a crystal into the old woman 's mouth and another into own her .
tr	I	I can 't let her me rob blind , and yet I hate to fire her after all these years .
tr	I	Shawn nodded and left , thinking that was as close to a blessing as he would get be to friends with Jenny .
tr	O	At any rate , a worthy man would not sneak around and thereby shame the master of the house .
tr	O	I knew Micah wasn 't looking for a response .
tr	O	There was a loud crack and she flew backward .
tr	I	A handful of joined volunteers them .
tr	O	He nodded and rushed out .
tr	O	They planned to leave the following day at sunrise .
tr	I	I at pause the threshold , but he continues to the dressing room .
tr	O	And that was the end of that .
tr	O	he asked anyway , his voice flat and deep .
tr	O	Her mother is waiting for her .
tr	I	I didn 't want him stop to , even if his maddeningly slow pace might kill me , and I shifted restlessly on my feet .
tr	O	But the crash , I realize , came from the large bay window overlooking the front yard .
tr	O	But I couldn 't help but think that this was some twist of fate , that she belonged here , and this was all supposed to be .
tr	I	I sorry 'm . '
tr	I	She 'd been revolted by it before , but with her threatening stomach to jump out of her throat , the prospect seemed suddenly acceptable .
tr	I	As if inside something her , knew him .
tr	O	Her knees dropped to the carpet .
tr	I	The next , was he eager to prove that he wasn 't as bad as she thought .
tr	I	You must swim out to the large buoy in bay the and ring the bell , then swim back in .
tr	I	My brother died as a result of a motor vehicle accident , there is no play foul suspected .
tr	I	Eleanor had laughed , pleased with power her .
tr	I	He held up a to hand stall my angry retort .
tr	O	They just don 't build entrances like they used to , Warren said .
tr	I	She fidgeted with her hands and then looked down as she with pulled her fingers .
tr	O	We were so scared .
tr	I	Only bunch a of commercials .
tr	O	It had been awkward but she made it .
tr	I	Then it occurred me to to open the door .
tr	I	He could ask Sarah questions after he had a better feel for situation the .
tr	I	These people just seemed so genuinely glad to see him to and know that he was okay .
tr	O	And it was all because of chocolate .
tr	O	I 'll see you later Vanessa .
tr	O	I was tired of putting Dad and Amy out .
tr	O	They didn 't celebrate their anniversary anymore .
tr	O	She had struggled up into a sitting position , those ghastly yellow eyes still on him , scouring him with their disgust .
tr	O	Had he recognized her as the girl who 'd walked down the stifling black stone alley ?
tr	O	I couldn 't believe this .
tr	I	Leaning back bit a , she stared at him .
tr	O	She had neither of those .
tr	I	Especially to a man used being to ahead of the curve on everything .
tr	I	As she bent to stroke the cat 's fur , her thoughts again once flicked back to Alec .
tr	I	I stood and walked from away him .
tr	O	I had to warn them that Sebastian was sending his giants after them .
tr	I	I think that maybe wanderlust some plays tricks on me , and this trip will bring me some much needed joy .
tr	O	Her mane of fiery red hair was pulled back into a sleek bun .
tr	O	They went their separate ways then , and Graham watched his best friend 's back as he went around a corner and out of sight .
tr	O	The minstrel stared at him , and felt a shiver run down his spine .
tr	I	Then she flinches , blinking her attention from away me , and calmly pulls her hand away from mine .
tr	O	I knew I had to get away , at least for an hour .
tr	I	The postmen , already at attention , to contrived look even more alert .
tr	O	But master will have to go that way .
tr	O	He punched in that number .
tr	I	One the of books was open in her lap , but they weren 't looking at it .
tr	I	A tear escapes one and eye she seems startled by it .
tr	I	Hal knew without knowing how that one that was a wizard .
tr	O	I said , grabbing his sleeve and pulling him across the room .
tr	O	Presently the line was ringing .
tr	I	I want to him taste .
tr	I	Kate knew that she 'd have to endure lot a now .
tr	O	Ringing through the apartment like an alarm .
tr	O	He moved with a speed even he hadn 't realized he 'd achieved , re-creating the Aon in a matter of seconds .
tr	O	He 's looking down at his feet fighting a smile .
tr	I	If the new government will change its ways in ... the meantime , they 'll let us stay there , especially as we have injured .
tr	I	Only the of thought a bed and endless rest got me there .
tr	I	She up reached and wound her arms about him , reveling in what she 'd been unable to do before .
tr	I	When winked she , he guessed it was his signal to walk up and introduce himself .
tr	I	That was last the place she expected him to answer with .
tr	I	As far she as was concerned , John was bad news .
tr	I	This golden wand studded with diamonds much looked more deadly - and that meant Dreamer was more deadly than before she died .
tr	O	I rarely burned but reminded myself to pick up sunscreen to be safe .
tr	I	He breathed his on own .
tr	I	He his shook head , still unable after all these years to fathom how she could have done it .
tr	O	In an effort to distract herself , she tried to picture her father carrying her like this and couldn 't .
tr	I	I blinked tried and to see through the blurry haze .
tr	O	I glared down at my phone .
tr	I	I prefer to think that when they 're at home , the Silent Brothers much are like us .
tr	O	They were in swirls and whorls , in lines and squares .
tr	I	I dialed his number and waited , the feeling sinking that something was very wrong intensifying as it rang .
tr	I	he greeted her she when took a seat across the table from Vaughn .
tr	O	I 'd always rejoiced in those rare moments of passion I saw in her eyes , that deeper emotional side she kept guarded .
tr	O	His left thigh was black with blood .
tr	I	Claire bumped with shoulders her gently .
tr	I	He ran to straight the desk and was waved through the back doors .
tr	I	That was better ; at least her voice 't wasn shaking anymore .
tr	O	It was going to come out and play .
tr	O	Kristy rubbed her arms to warm them before tucking her hands in her armpits .
tr	I	Things had seemed so calm so for long .
tr	O	She tied her apron strings and drew them tight with a yank , then huffed and planted her fists on her hips .
tr	O	Dwayne shoved his hands in the pockets of his loose blue jeans , a feeling of defeat washing over him .
tr	O	So far , there 's nothing wrong with your baby at all .
tr	I	This was met with a murmur of and agreement the riders rode up to the mill .
tr	O	He had to go back , he had to find the closer passage now .
tr	I	It 't wasn just a cut .
tr	O	One of them had the money and the other one worked for him .
tr	I	I don 't expect to hear from in her any way ever again .
tr	O	Those eyes were very wide right then .
tr	O	What did I do with them ?
tr	O	I guess he ´ s a survivalist or something along those lines .
tr	O	He glanced over as the driver lowered the passenger window .
tr	O	She threw back her head and let out a moan of mock frustration .
tr	I	They were half-way the across yard , with Greg dangling from Ethan 's fist before I could react .
tr	I	Between his big , booted feet , saw she the head of the second demon roll across the pavement and bounce into a brick wall .
tr	O	Throughout the entire story , though , there was little mention of the sister , Evelyn , apart from her being ten years Elspeth 's senior .
tr	O	The canoe grated against a rock , then moved out across the lake .
tr	O	He swept them all with an irritated glare .
tr	O	Where is the weapon with which I enforce your bondage ?
tr	I	She 'd been fool a .
tr	I	The hastily called meeting in the Oval Office had been going on for only a few minutes the and air was already crackling with dissension .
tr	I	Jimmy to tried remember what he was talking about .
tr	I	I go 'll below and get ready .
tr	I	And their entrance brought all the activity to sudden a halt .
tr	O	The other girls laughed .
tr	I	I couldn 't help but blush too , as I thought about his perfect features and the he way seemed amused at my discomfort .
tr	I	I away turned and faced Simon as Hayden answered the phone .
tr	I	Jess buried his chin in the mass of silky raven corkscrews , enjoying the feeling of just lying to next her , of being close to her .
tr	I	He lowered slowly it .
tr	O	I wouldn 't go out there without me .
tr	I	He slid his hand over hers the beneath table .
tr	O	Among the many rituals conducted there , the Queen had her hair and wigs styled and fashioned by Samuel Snips , the royal hairdresser .
tr	I	Or nothing all at .
tr	O	The air smells like burned rubber .
tr	O	As Clay gazed around the exhibition hall , he saw lawyers spending money as fast as they could make it .
tr	O	I 've always been afraid to reach for what I want .
tr	O	From what I have seen , they don 't have any feelings , there are no friendships , and no family ties .
tr	O	If she would steal Adam 's milk , she might harm him .
tr	I	Will you be staying supper for ? '
tr	O	Night came , and Michael moved slowly into the valley .
tr	I	Suddenly I jettisoned idea the .
tr	I	It made me sick when I had let to you kiss me .
tr	O	A flash of light caught my attention .
tr	O	He was like a little boy getting ready for Christmas morning , and she enjoyed watching him almost skip around the house each day .
tr	I	He shook head his .
tr	O	The announcement seemed a success .
tr	O	I melted at the mere idea he would close that gap .
tr	I	I would have done the same thing if I someone thought was hurting my family .
tr	I	Abby braced her back one with hand .
tr	O	There 's a touch of grief in her eyes when she says it .
tr	O	He wore a handsome gray silk smoking jacket , tied at the waist .
tr	O	Katie realized what kind of pain he must have been in , running through the streets , carrying her over his shoulders .
tr	O	They spent several minutes rocking back and forth , then opened the door to the sudden future waiting outside .
tr	O	No matter how unproductive and desolate it becomes , the landscape remains a gargantuan display of beauty .
tr	I	Bride smiled their at kindness .
tr	I	He needed to who know was helping them and their strength .
tr	O	Half his face was disfigured , charred and covered in blisters .
tr	O	If you 'd told them what they should be looking for they might have put an end to these creatures months ago .
tr	I	He chuckled at her response passionate .
tr	O	I 'm calling you that , because it 's what you are .
tr	O	And considering the overbearing psychological power you give to Marcia , it is important that I assist you in your future interactions with her . '
tr	I	Knowing I was trouble in , I passed Will in the hallway .
tr	O	I smile and nod .
tr	O	As long as she stayed inside , she was safe .
tr	O	With his left hand , the sheriff pointed to the pistols Bax had taken from the bounty hunters .
tr	O	Why couldn 't I make two brain cells rub together to form a single coherent sentence ?
tr	I	I immediately made for hotel the , determined to stay there if it was possible .
tr	O	He grabbed my hand , leading me toward the big double doors I 'd first come through .
tr	O	Ian helped me off the table and he thanked Dr. Graham for seeing us .
tr	O	You think we forgot how to bug phone calls .
tr	I	He and turned saw Sadie standing in the center of the road .
tr	O	Then he would never know someone in his life truly loved him .
tr	I	Maybe was it because she looked so damn hot when she was mad .
tr	I	It was the life force of the earth , up called by the predators who gathered together to celebrate their community .
tr	O	She winked , almost blinding Brick .
tr	O	There wasn 't a hair on his body below his ears .
tr	O	He slowly approached the young woman in the kitchen from behind .
tr	I	Around then , I 'd heard whispers of something in a terrorist nearby base , involving a mystic .
tr	O	They let out moans -- just as feeble as their attempts to break down the door .
tr	I	She missed him much so that it frightened her .
tr	I	He had , however , been taught nothing about Daw , Kar 's sister , who the Arun boy said he healed his feet .
tr	I	Felt more rage building him in .
tr	I	He would never admit and it she would never push it .
tr	I	But could what I say ?
tr	O	Bear and Jessie slept .
tr	O	I 'm going to get to the bottom of what went on here .
tr	I	But whatever her goal was in hiring me , I had a sneaky suspicion that finding Peter was part only of the issue .
tr	I	She hadn 't gone after to Liza be mean .
tr	O	Nikolas asked , his voice hushed but urgent .
tr	I	He slid in and headed for the coffee in shop McGinnis Plaza .
tr	I	James laughed wicked another laugh .
tr	O	It seemed an eternity before she spotted three men leaning against a wall , watching her progress and murmuring softly to one another .
tr	O	Her health was of paramount importance .
tr	O	He took a deep breath .
tr	I	It was Jumbo , having just come the through curtain .
tr	I	Hit run and driver killed Farley last night .
tr	I	He had grumbled about the grocery store stop ever since they left house his .
tr	O	In its place was Adam .
tr	I	I stood there and watched in silence total , my arms hooked tight around me middle .
tr	O	His hostile expression would have terrified anyone .
tr	O	At the bend , there were five more goons , holding coil rifles of an older design .
tr	O	My workout gloves were falling apart at the seams , literally .
tr	I	The and pounding shuffling that followed was near deafening .
tr	O	The person who I saved turned out to be quite calm when we rescued him .
tr	I	Ms. paused Beaumont and looked out across the room .
tr	O	It was up to her .
tr	I	The smaller ones were scattered , some right the around corpse .
tr	I	I have always imagined that the first book I would read , if I ever regained vision , should be that one I had written .
tr	O	I 'd love to hear more about your plans while you 're in New York .
tr	O	For such noticeable women to hide for long would be impossible .
tr	I	During the next few weeks , I managed to listen to Horace 's broadcasts , he and was right .
tr	O	She raised a hand and pounded on the door .
tr	I	Then you see 'll the destruction , how fast we 're losing ground .
tr	I	His are eyes dead and empty .
tr	I	She yelped , and he swung around in time to see her land on backside her in the mud .
tr	O	He put his forefinger to his lips .
tr	O	She didn 't expect anyone else to understand something she couldn 't explain herself .
tr	O	He loved Rita and was sure that everything he was doing was for her .
tr	I	Griffin looked as up Garrett stormed into his office .
tr	O	But Travis was a hot mess and Donovan worried that it would only make things worse for Eve .
tr	O	My muscles protested the movement .
tr	I	The floor schematic showed that he was in still the same room as well .
tr	O	Keeping the news of a possible traitor to ourselves would enable us to sniff them out .
tr	O	Disappointed , she closed it and turned to the last chest .
tr	O	Desire for him flowed all over again , an unstoppable wave of need that brought tears to her eyes .
tr	O	Mom gasped a little .
tr	O	Cicero was more of a statesman than a philosopher .
tr	O	We made it back unscathed but I felt eyes on me the whole way .
tr	O	The other thing noticeable about him is the straw hat which seems to be handmade .
tr	I	It for was Giselle .
tr	O	' She doesn 't miss much , ' agreed Finn .
tr	I	The charges against Ulbricht claimed the original Silk Road generated of sales more than 9.5 million Bitcoins or roughly equivalent to $ 1.2 billion USD .
tr	I	That more than anything is why they 're you giving grief .
tr	O	It wasn 't like she needed one more thing to weigh her down .
tr	I	I cannot tell her that I just want tonight to be over because being next to Jonathan feels strange , so distract I her .
tr	I	The strength it of feels muscular , the flexibility of it prehensile .
tr	I	A search light drifted across the fog and landed on a cow drinking a from pool of water .
tr	I	Finally , Burnett spoke , but looked at back the file .
tr	O	Everyone else would understand , eventually .
tr	O	He was a kind man and probably wouldn 't shoot you in both ears .
tr	O	The contents didn 't surprise her .
tr	I	Their captain gave up whereabouts their before torture began . '
tr	I	I prayed it work would out .
tr	I	Jez looked up stunned by her sudden appearance , where had come she from so fast ?
tr	O	But it was all too uncertain and confusing , and a part of her only wanted to nip it in the bud the first chance she had .
tr	O	You refuse to see what 's between us .
tr	O	In Jacqueline 's view , iced tea should be served only one way and that was unsweetened .
tr	I	Chicago Memorial really needs ward this .
tr	I	The remaining third came down the in 20 's to allow expansion for growing demand .
tr	I	Finally she understood the 's poet claim that it was better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all .
tr	I	a deep asked voice .
tr	I	I covered for you , thinking it was just mistake a I made by trying out something you discovered .
tr	O	Her mother had raised her to be independent , to earn what she wanted in life , and to never let anyone make her feel cheap .
tr	I	She sounded aggrieved , as though weary of repeating defensive a position .
tr	I	... ... ... 50 ... ... ... 51 , and ever so slowly 52,000 feet .
tr	I	She absolutely couldn 't take the hit on heart her .
tr	I	She her raised eyebrows .
tr	O	His hands pressed into my shoulders .
tr	O	Where is she now ?
tr	I	At first , looks it as if he 's painting lines .
tr	I	She really is weird .
tr	I	It hadn 't occurred to him to check on the status of his very files classified he didn 't want anyone to have a look at .
tr	I	He kissed me and stared at face my .
tr	O	He remembered himself at his son 's age .
tr	I	The only was mark the one in his heart that craved her .
tr	O	I smile , and feel relieved when she returns it .
tr	I	I quietly said as we all crawled through .
tr	O	I was not one of his employees .
tr	O	All the while , I kept my arm around her for comfort .
tr	O	He huffs an incredulous laugh .
tr	O	Was this about my father ?
tr	O	He wore a charcoal gray suit and pink shirt today , his hair a wave of brushed metal .
tr	I	Abruptly , from the corner of his eyes , he saw Edd ramming the at masked woman with his axe .
tr	I	Tammie isn 't sure her will mother accept such a vague answer .
tr	I	Just a good , rifleman competent .
tr	I	I was in a deep depression and suicide was the only way I could of think to escape it .
tr	I	Sometimes his two little granddaughters would be playing in yard the and Esme would stop to watch .
tr	I	Reece looked down as he ran past , then turned the and corner disappeared .
tr	I	He smiles as he looks down at all of the things in basket the .
tr	O	CHAPTER 3 The future belongs to crowds When we arrived at the arena , there were crowds everywhere .
tr	I	A bright house looked larger and hopefully his client would think it was bigger than little the cracker box it actually was .
tr	O	She didn 't show up .
tr	O	No , worse , like having someone else crawl under her skin .
tr	O	The picture had been taken at the beach .
tr	I	She should 've realized that Teri didn 't know how to a take hint .
tr	I	And towards the end , were they still all smiles .
tr	I	Was it the bishop , making kind some of ceremonial arrival ?
tr	O	I focused on the task at hand and ignored the fact that he 'd come all that way to talk to me .
tr	O	Go and mingle among the Earth animals .
tr	I	But that wasn 't case the .
tr	I	So casually asked , but with the Deity , there was always purpose a .
tr	I	How had fixed he that ?
tr	I	She invited me to sit down on a sofa faded in a large room with bare wooden floors and a view of the sea .
tr	I	Cutter his tapped own skull .
tr	O	His eyes had changed colors .
tr	O	We looked at each other for a moment as she finished off her eggs , each trying to figure out what the other was thinking .
tr	O	He held the gun to my head and waved me outside .
tr	I	Andrew was still in shock , gasping air for .
tr	I	It was obvious that Simon wasn 't in mood the to talk , and this wasn 't a situation where they could negotiate .
tr	O	The murderer took one step forward , two .
tr	I	We 're supposed to be together celebrating .
tr	I	She her opened eyes when the dragon stretched himself out and crossed his forearms over each other .
tr	O	The next thing he knew it was morning .
tr	O	And you 'll need warm clothes .
tr	I	He taught me how to put on a wet and suit how to use all the gear .
tr	I	The wall up lit as they hit and were sent back .
tr	I	I can only see in that movies and photographs , now .
tr	O	Dobson would never be able to explain all of this away .
tr	I	Coming from the granite living wall her ear was pressed against .
tr	I	How did know Malcolm the mime so well ?
tr	O	They would have to go and see for themselves .
tr	I	When anything too became familiar , he was no longer interested .
tr	O	Maybe he 'd purge his angst , give his father a chance , like he was willing to give one to the man who 'd stabbed him .
tr	I	Typing up a letter giving me permission to see the personnel file Rene on , I had Lynn sign the document .
tr	O	Tommy and my sister have a past .
tr	O	It 's not a big deal .
tr	I	They 'd have their fill of meat , way one or another .
tr	O	By Thursday , the woodwork was finished and it was looking good .
tr	I	He not is evil , nor dangerous .
tr	O	Does this fear of losing Nova mean that I love her ?
tr	I	We kissed for what like seemed an eternity and eventually pulled apart .
tr	I	Magic and users their dead languages .
tr	O	French windows , fittingly , led to a balcony .
tr	O	As you might imagine , there was all sorts of shit in the house over that one , but in the end , my dad won out .
tr	I	Mercy wanted know to .
tr	O	I put all the sneer I could muster into my voice .
tr	O	Sweet , sweet relief washed over her as she spun around - until she caught sight of him .
tr	I	Darrin his asked friend cautiously .
tr	O	She reached the tree trunk and started to climb as fast as she could .
tr	O	But why dwell on something that 'll never happen ?
tr	I	It did for make a much more peaceful march .
tr	I	So someone in the crowd Arthur around had been overwhelmed with fury so sudden and devastating that he 'd risked all to injure Arthur .
tr	O	The dogs , I suppose .
tr	I	The princess his became sole focus .
tr	O	Plants clung to its sides , and the earth at its depressed center looked dark and damp .
tr	O	Cael pushed back the dark edges trying to pull him under .
tr	O	You want to stop being a photographer ?
tr	I	Mary Ellen asked , realizing she hadn 't looked in a mirror morning all .
tr	O	Katherine asked , holding the medallion close to Kiernan 's face .
tr	I	She at gasped his words .
tr	O	I know I did say ' relax , ' but I began to think that you had actually fallen unconscious for a while there ! '
tr	I	She gave him a look torrid .
tr	O	That same night I got a message on Facebook from a girl named Emma Paxton .
tr	O	I really was out of shape .
tr	O	He was slight and non-descript and he stared at her with a strange , unblinking gaze .
tr	O	She knew he didn 't mean it .
tr	I	I doubt I could that change .
tr	O	Then , some violet champagne and an hour or two to dress for the opera .
tr	I	Iam sorry , Shea , I was thinking only of protection your .
tr	O	If he worked for Jonas , he would sooner or later end up in a position to learn about his captured friends .
tr	O	The club seemed empty but it was still early .
tr	O	Lyssa hissed , turning to walk to the docks .
tr	I	He seemed more taken aback at every word firing from her lips , his scowl dissolving into flabbergasted a look .
tr	O	They don 't turn my crank .
tr	O	Natalie 's gaze narrowed .
tr	I	I never had felt so good , not flying , not ever .
tr	I	Judging by the look in his eyes , he was remembering same the thing .
tr	O	I looked past them , seeing the women and one of the men standing by the tear in the wall .
tr	O	She told me the polish special was glittery gold .
tr	O	They forced me to !
tr	I	She frowned at me until coaxed I the Blue Beetle to life and pulled out .
tr	O	Mason eyed the pallet .
tr	O	The great hall had only just begun filling with guests .
tr	O	He whispered in her ear , his hand stroking her back as she came back to reality .
tr	O	The man 's claws , and his unearthly strength , had already marked him as unnatural .
tr	O	The pulses were washing against something else , something that was sucking them in .
tr	I	After few a minutes , he looked up .
tr	I	Kira her shook head , her hair swishing over her shoulders .
tr	O	I grabbed one and held it by the legs between my fingers .
tr	I	She never 'd lacked nerve .
tr	O	He hesitated , then reached out and grabbed the burger , as if he was suddenly hungrier than he 'd thought .
tr	O	I packed my things and went to Chicago , where I 'd buried Simon four years ago .
tr	I	Tag had been there for him after right the shoot down and during their capture .
tr	I	Smiling , I his slapped back .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure she what meant , but I only cared about one thing .
tr	O	Marcellus ' glass had frozen , the cognac nearly to his lips but now forgotten .
tr	O	Well , at least for now .
tr	I	If he 'd been alert , he might have caught doing her the same with him .
tr	I	I and turned saw Jill approaching .
tr	I	She let go of his as hand she moved into the cell , to get a closer look at the hole in the cement .
tr	O	He is a man who has done so much .
tr	O	A few minutes later , Hermann and Helga , followed by Elena and the girls , arrived , and Frau Vollmer went off to bring more food .
tr	I	I enjoy being in the on creative process , just as you do .
tr	O	That surprised a laugh out of me .
tr	I	Isabelle blew a sticky of strand hair out of her face and frowned at Clary .
tr	O	Josh was producing plenty of lust too , but it was a flickering candle compared to her own raging inferno .
tr	O	' For most people that would have been too much .
tr	I	Angry tears gather in my eyes and flow down my and temples into my hair .
tr	O	I couldn 't help it though .
tr	O	With the women pouncing on her rather like a pack of wolves on a leg of lamb , she was looking for any exit .
tr	I	I swiftly slip my key under the ceiling tile above the window and noiselessly dismount from the ledge window .
tr	I	There appear did to be a platform ten or twenty feet up .
tr	O	Stephen 's mouth creased into a smile .
tr	I	So we had no history of bloody incidents , rapes , conquests one of group of men by another .
tr	O	I left the house , taking in deep breaths of crisp air .
tr	O	I remained paralysed as she flaunted my past in front of me .
tr	O	I froze , not sure what I 'd found when I realized I could breathe again .
tr	O	They have to do the initial urinalysis .
tr	I	He stopped in of front me and smiled down at me like he had a wonderful secret to share .
tr	O	With all those eyes upon me , my only care was to make a brave show both now and in the fight .
tr	I	She never saw a man move him like .
tr	O	The fresh water is the prime source of drinking water , the low fertile valley of food crops , and the beast livestock for clothing and transportation .
tr	O	It was decorated in warm colors .
tr	I	His body was into going a panic when I finally removed the cloth .
tr	I	Didn 't that that prove Dylan had been better , smarter and braver than Donnie ?
tr	I	Well 's that the fun part .
tr	I	I asked unable to comprehend a mother her watching children be traded for sex ; raised to be murders .
tr	O	I didn 't see anything sunny about it with its rusty trailers , faded lawn ornaments , and abandoned cars .
tr	I	Julia pulled her roughly back .
tr	I	She was a bit watching uncomfortable the tribe 's young women , wearing their robes backwards .
tr	I	I had kicked up my boot on a chair and on leaned the archway for support when I sensed someone ' s piercing gaze .
tr	O	In case something happened to me , they had to be told , so they could spread the word and carry on without me if necessary .
tr	O	You must not allow anything to happen to you , Shea .
tr	I	Maybe feet two wide ?
tr	O	At least things could get no worse , he thought , grimly .
tr	I	* * * the By time she rolled into Adamant , it was well after midnight and the streets were deserted .
tr	O	Even if we did she wouldn 't have let you light the fire instead because she 's all noble and stuff .
tr	I	She , d herself recovered and she was very serious .
tr	O	Dagmar ran right into his arms .
tr	O	Or why Artemis had stopped Hades from taking me into the Underworld .
tr	I	All eyes watched the door the beside jury box .
tr	I	She confirmed that the name of Nisha 's was boyfriend Parrish , but could not be sure of the forename .
tr	O	You said if one was a boy , you 'd still have an abortion .
tr	O	He made a living doing it , but so far , he 'd done a piss-poor job of doing so .
tr	I	There no-one was behind him .
tr	O	It tasted just fine to this one hundred percent human .
tr	I	I have many so questions .
tr	O	' I 'm going to try something , ' I told him .
tr	I	Heath handed Gremlin 's reins Jace to and slid off his horse .
tr	O	It was like he had flipped a switch .
tr	I	I him sent on a special mission to Mexico to keep him out of Washington .
tr	O	What would I have worn if I 'd never met Martin ?
tr	I	I feel could my heart beating through my chest .
tr	I	He minimized the screen as soon as he sensed approaching someone him .
tr	I	Since then , we grown 'd really close .
tr	I	She glanced over at Rachel , her eyebrows going high up on her forehead .
tr	O	She nodded with a faint smile .
tr	I	Did she know about my dreams dirty ?
tr	I	I straighten she and is watching me .
tr	I	He looked back the at house , and he listened .
tr	I	The air smelled like true rooibos , delicious vanilla , seductive and chocolate cookies .
tr	I	I I thought volleyed his serve .
tr	O	Brad spotted the man in the back of the barn and hid in the shadows .
tr	I	Simon 's eyebrow 's together mashed .
tr	O	I apologize for not giving you advanced warning .
tr	O	She 'd left two large bath towels lying folded neatly on the shelves beside the tub .
tr	O	It 'd be easy if it was just me .
tr	I	Frannie 's lit face up as she grabbed Gary 's hand .
tr	I	She would see never a flight of birds or feel a warm summer breeze .
tr	O	The old guy stared across the ravine separating them , working his jaws as if he were chewing the idea over .
tr	I	It 's of kind pathetic . '
tr	O	I doubt if your precious Colonel has told his whole army to look out for you .
tr	I	[ Apologies to any minors who may have been shocked offended or by the preceding sentences .
tr	I	Josie was glad change to the subject .
tr	I	I it took from him , weighing it in my hand .
tr	O	He doesn 't want me to figure out his trick .
tr	O	I drop my duffle bag on the floor .
tr	O	He batted at the flames on his clothing .
tr	I	Miles listened to the pompous author the of latest thriller fad spout about himself .
tr	I	I could them let out once I was in the car , but I didn 't want him to see me break .
tr	I	I grabbed a dodgeball and with all my might flung it his at head .
tr	I	Oliver made had that impossible .
tr	O	She prayed it wasn 't Luther 's death trail she was following , but there was a part of her that was growing increasingly convinced it was .
tr	O	She had already told me that she was a virgin , and I was fine with that .
tr	O	In my mind 's eye I visualised the horror I 'd find .
tr	I	It took several seconds for to me notice the gentle scratching at my knee .
tr	I	You are everything I have ever wanted , but peace the I need is not there .
tr	O	He waved me off .
tr	I	I felt face my go hot .
tr	I	He 's got covered this .
tr	I	I I hoped wasn 't blushing as Lucas fell into step with me , but neither of us spoke until we were outside .
tr	I	I flattened to myself her .
tr	I	But what he couldn predict 't was the fear that gripped me .
tr	O	She settled for scowling at him .
tr	O	In a blur , I flipped over and snapped Aiden 's wrist and rolled off of him .
tr	I	I them left where they fell and ran for my car .
tr	O	Suddenly she had the urge to laugh .
tr	O	I understood that he hadn 't asked much of me , but there was something about Kiran that I was unable to keep myself from .
tr	I	He picked a up handful and felt the sodden drag of it , like day-old porridge .
tr	I	Aiden pul back ed , his fingers slowly trailing away from my cheeks .
tr	O	I 'd gotten none from him .
tr	O	I think you 'll see this is not some crackpot fad .
tr	O	The guard followed Montana ´ s indication , pressing the channel plus button , until the pay-per-view clear blue screen showing five adult titles appeared .
tr	I	Sean had been hoping to hell he imagined had that sizzle between them .
tr	I	It might have unfair been , given my own conduct , but somehow that made it even clearer for me .
tr	O	But then , everyone in town knew I took Butch everywhere .
tr	I	It was the kind of kiss they never 'd shared before .
tr	O	On her waist , like the man 's , was a belt and sword .
tr	I	So why was she not letting him help her in instance this ?
tr	O	The voice startles me , and I look around wildly .
tr	O	But wait until it 's darker .
tr	O	He smiled just a bit wryly .
tr	I	Paul his starts evangelistic work .
tr	I	Alaina grabbed a fur robe a from hook on the kennel 's wall .
tr	O	He 'd invited Allie over for dinner -- and she was bringing Whitney .
tr	O	He focused on Serenity , and his eyes melted back to the pure green she 'd grown to love .
tr	O	I had no idea what it was meant to do .
tr	O	Jamie nodded and managed a half smile .
tr	O	Eddie rolls her eyes .
tr	I	The cold slush seeped right through Spencer riding 's boots , straight to her toes .
tr	O	Because of the chain , she could feel his need , that he meant what he said .
tr	I	But he was speaking faster than he usually did , if as he couldn 't wait to tell Luis this news .
tr	O	Sure death for any vampire , or any wraith .
tr	I	The beast its stomped foot .
tr	I	It was her way of saying good night , and much than easier looking at him .
tr	O	I got it , so I didn 't try to find him .
tr	I	Kim and I stood back a distance as Joye gently picked up the cage , but to our surprise the skunk didn 't seem bit a upset .
tr	I	He was about to turn back the way he came when he heard a moaning coming the from branches behind the behemoths .
tr	I	He revealed everything , except that he a had son .
tr	O	Hell , I was furious .
tr	I	The sedative calmed him trifle a ; he emerged and flagged down a robot taxi .
tr	O	Opening her eyes Prue smiled to see James stood over her .
tr	I	But a second later he realized it was Sofia , just a few feet from him , lying down with her head resting on her arms folded .
tr	I	He 's the one who set this up trap for me .
tr	I	I seen 've what he 's like angry , wounded , afraid , and devastated .
tr	O	Dip thought we should use your philosophy and teachings in your absence .
tr	O	I press my fingers against my lips , bring them to his chest .
tr	O	He told me all about it .
tr	I	Auron heard the sound of steel clanking .
tr	I	It was strange , I didn 't feel ashamed anymore the about house .
tr	O	She glanced at her watch .
tr	O	And of course his vapid socialite mother hadn 't turned up .
tr	I	Had he known it after all , or was he just very good at his hiding reactions ?
tr	O	Eventually Mason comes out and throws one arm around my neck .
tr	O	The room was dark because she had pulled the blackout curtains shut before going to sleep .
tr	I	Bay stock went still .
tr	I	Fame and fortune longer no seemed important .
tr	I	His thumb forefinger and gripped the nipple , applying pressure and twisting lightly .
tr	I	I to returned my own room and called Brandon Boyle .
tr	I	She slipped away from the point and towards turned him .
tr	O	Don 't get shot .
tr	I	But think I I 'm going to like it here .
tr	O	The guns were not toys , and she knew how pop culture glamorized them without teaching the responsibilities of owning a weapon .
tr	I	His heart pounded ; his chest hurt from deep , ragged breaths as he desperately gulped dusty the air .
tr	O	I thought I 'd died and gone to surfer god heaven .
tr	O	Dollop didn 't stop until the can was empty .
tr	O	This was the sort of thing Magnus wanted to happen more often .
tr	I	He just gave us a nasty when look we drove past .
tr	I	Haddington and Clarence on went blissfully unaware to the old Lord 's office .
tr	O	She blinked as Kenzie and I stepped through the door , then looked down the empty hallway .
tr	I	You were asking me help for and worried that the serial killer was after you .
tr	I	' Are you part of group a called GROUP ? '
tr	I	' Save our Keeper harm from .
tr	O	Those hands pulling that necklace taut .
tr	O	Joining Birds ' Colony Woodpecker 's entry to the Birds ' Colony was very auspicious .
tr	I	I 'm sure you get picture the .
tr	O	The crew of the Celestial Breeze all recognised the sound of Jeff 's fishing boat coming towards them .
tr	I	Michael looked quickly down and saw his legs and torso slip through the shiny black tile like a ghost .
tr	O	He nods and grips the steering wheel tighter .
tr	O	Silence settled on the room for a few seconds ; then the growling began again .
tr	I	You can my ask mom , if it 's the right kind of starry night .
tr	O	I was ready for them .
tr	I	That day has come but it 't hasn passed .
tr	O	And then I looked him in the eyes .
tr	I	I my closed eyes waiting for her next direction .
tr	O	At first , it didn 't make sense .
tr	I	She my took arms and put them over her head .
tr	O	So as a final step , she paints a clear lacquer over the symbol .
tr	I	We mapped out the different areas of the school and decided who would slip out which to area , and when .
tr	I	I 't can remember the last time I relaxed and enjoyed Newport .
tr	I	And yet His ... eyes met hers again .
tr	I	Damien was confused about Sierra 's obvious embarrassment at undressing him .
tr	O	A handful of vessels have survived the invasion which has smashed down upon the Systems , silent and dark and utterly without mercy ! '
tr	I	His mother got purse her .
tr	I	So I made an offensive comment that he didn like 't .
tr	O	Kenny followed , but constantly glanced backward at Sarah .
tr	O	Do whatever it took to keep Kelly alive .
tr	I	They were eternity held suspension in by hope that she must not lose .
tr	O	In exchange , he will spy on Sheriff Silas and his cohorts .
tr	O	He resisted the urge to put his fist through a wall .
tr	I	I it tapped and it sounded metallic .
tr	O	Since they 'd taken the back way in , she hadn 't recognized the place until now .
tr	O	And that rankles : why commit suicide at the one place that gives you peace from the world ?
tr	O	Combined with my request you succeeded in accessing a memory of the Earth 's past . '
tr	O	She really hated herself right now for all she was asking of Liam .
tr	I	I every meant word I said .
tr	O	I hadn 't had this much food in a long time , and I know I looked like a pig eating it in front of Will .
tr	O	# At the meeting that night , Conway inspected the crew he 'd assembled .
tr	I	Well , I stormed in there all indignant and angry at such service , and the old woman into tore me .
tr	I	Legolas went him with .
tr	O	' Why do you find me scary and mean ?
tr	O	Perhaps , but she was willing to accept the gift she had been given .
tr	I	' Look , let pack 's up here and get home to our beds .
tr	O	And actually having to do it .
tr	I	In ways some , she needed to see him , needed to confirm to the world that she liked a guy .
tr	O	You can 't afford the effort .
tr	O	Carefully , she curled her fingers around the glass and pulled it from her skin , hissing out a breath at the pain .
tr	O	He punctuated each point with another kiss , one to the side of her eye , one to her cheek , and one to her ear .
tr	I	The dinner and silent auction were raise to money for Chicago 's Children 's Home and Aid .
tr	O	I 've no idea where he took her .
tr	O	I resent the fact that you think I don 't understand them .
tr	I	But she knew what was I doing .
tr	O	That 's why she 's like she is , so determined to live in the now and not look back .
tr	O	He reached down , slipped his hand through her dress and ventured down her legs .
tr	I	The of daughters good men will cast off all prudence to have a place in your bed with no concern for marriage or fear of unwanted children .
tr	I	I could not my tear eyes away from the object in the box .
tr	I	As with all things vampire , this made sense so I again nodded .
tr	O	And so I ask that you stay away and let us rebuild our lives .
tr	I	' You do every that single day and you haven 't got me yet . '
tr	I	The batter was poured into the pans and slipped the into oven .
tr	O	Sean touched her hair .
tr	I	He to came the ranch with that name , and nobody 's going to take the time to say all of it .
tr	I	It just 's me and Bob .
tr	O	I paused on a picture of James , dated just last week .
tr	O	He couldn 't contain his smile .
tr	O	A quick scan of the room revealed several people looking down at their pocket protectors .
tr	O	Reaching the end of the hall , she pushed through the far door into a small medical ward , the same one from the television .
tr	O	On the wall there was my primary school certificate for Best Swimmer of the Year and a few medals from my swimming .
tr	I	She had bomb a on her .
tr	I	Rachel thought of the broken lock , the and deadbolt .
tr	I	Until now , your death would have ended your quest for what lies at the of end the Path , but not your true life .
tr	I	He his brought arm up to accept her gesture .
tr	O	Maddy gave her fingers a squeeze .
tr	O	Christian asked like he was picking me up for a date .
tr	I	There girls were in them .
tr	I	He didn 't want Amber his with any longer than necessary .
tr	O	As the children turned to stare , he almost walked out .
tr	I	The one soldier returned , with carrying him a bottle of dirty water .
tr	O	Maybe they would have been safer in that Buy - Right store located on the top of that mountain in the middle of nowhere .
tr	O	She knew she should .
tr	I	The look boys over .
tr	I	I knew was he getting close .
tr	I	I had enough freedom reach to a hand into my pocket , however .
tr	I	He always 'd been so grateful , so loving afterward .
tr	O	Stacy sat on her sister 's bed and crossed her legs .
tr	O	Although secretly she wanted more from him .
tr	I	When Case lay back on the bed he had once shared Lily with , peace was in his heart .
tr	I	At this the point choir began and people stood while the priest walked up the nave .
tr	I	He looked casually down , and his whole stiffened body with horror and disbelief .
tr	I	She was pulling back in raw disappointment when she belatedly the caught scent of his musk .
tr	I	Trying to hide the trembling of his knees , he to got his feet and looked the man in those frighteningly blue eyes .
tr	I	The red warning light and flashed I smiled .
tr	O	We even have a casino .
tr	O	Gus asked and looked from Alice to Nicholas .
tr	I	She devised a plan to get Kathleen Brice and away , but they flat out refused .
tr	I	There was a part supplementary to the Will , something we couldn 't show you .
tr	I	I didn say 't anything for awhile .
tr	I	' I don 't well ... , you know ... ' He looked at them , his head shaking vaguely .
tr	I	I tried discussion groups , and came up with several people charging hourly fees for mentoring , plus self-published for books sale .
tr	O	Evelyn would be able to tell Anne Marie her rights .
tr	I	My interview had been awesome and hilarious and brilliant , all thanks to this boy called ' Alex Ramirez ' I whom had just happened on .
tr	O	She saw his attention wavering and gently tapped his cheek .
tr	O	In the bloody golden light Sebastian knelt in the center of the room .
tr	I	She so was close now .
tr	I	Timothy squinted his eyes and squeezed the bridge his of nose .
tr	I	Was that really the to way work the business ?
tr	I	He grabbed coat his and headed out to commandeer whatever car was available .
tr	O	The last rays of sunlight were disappearing from the mansion , so Tina pulled a lantern from the wall and struck a match .
tr	O	The chase had just heated up and fresh blood began to course through his veins .
tr	O	Rachel melted against his chest ; they spun slowly in a circle .
tr	I	I think it was because was this different .
tr	O	They glanced around at each nervously and I knew they were worried about what I 'd said .
tr	I	( But shouldn 't you try to him bring back , at the least ? )
tr	I	You 're the always one nagging me to run away , to escape this little rock pool of a city , she retorted .
tr	I	That would at least give all them a bit of quiet .
tr	I	She was tucked still deep within , shivering and moving back from his reach .
tr	I	My bra hung loose around my shoulders , and the top button of my jeans undone was .
tr	O	I understand why she did what she did but how come once I left she didn 't come looking for me if she knew where I was ?
tr	O	Balthazar found his shirt hanging on a doorknob ; the fabric was still damp .
tr	O	She 'd break free easily enough .
tr	I	He would be never the same .
tr	I	I will , however , will thee or nil thee , a make few guesses . '
tr	O	Gideon could not help but smile wryly at her display of temper .
tr	O	I stepped back and lightly pushed his shoulders away from me .
tr	O	Why is he only telling me about these doubts now ?
tr	O	She couldn 't read his expression but sensed his tightly contained violence .
tr	O	Mom and Dad would either accept him or not .
tr	I	I try to what remember happened before the migraine hit .
tr	I	I Tyler saw move in closer , his face changed from smiling to apprehensive .
tr	O	A polite , painted admiral escorted us onto another ship that will sail us all the way to Paris .
tr	I	Exhaustion wasn 't a good on look me .
tr	I	I tapped a bookmark in place digital between pages and snapped off the light above my bed .
tr	I	I suddenly felt and ashamed stupid .
tr	I	I my scrunch nose .
tr	I	Despite this , looks Mom cool and poised in her white linen suit topped by a big blue straw hat with a red ribbon .
tr	O	Lucas once again caught one with his sword , thick green blood gushing from the end and soaking the stones , making them slippery under their feet .
tr	I	Then , all the defending machines jumped into the space around them , causing everything around the dragons the and small Amazon fighter to ripple .
tr	I	Because also it felt like - Well , it was a stupid word , wasn 't it ?
tr	I	After an hour or so , Myles turned off the highway down and a dirt path that led into the woods .
tr	O	I could see her struggling to regain her composure .
tr	I	She might be the firstborn but I 've lived here longer than did she !
tr	O	He looked at the boy in question and watched while Nick searched for his own cellphone .
tr	O	And , as if these were not sufficient , even the Nazarenes claimed that he was punished for killing one of the brothers of their messiah .
tr	I	I was still trying to get my mind around the that fact the hours she had spent with my dad were nothing but a charade .
tr	I	It 's the voice of a kid little scared out of his mind about to do something he fears the most .
tr	O	I made sure we slept on different sides of the shack -- I didn 't trust myself .
tr	I	She will have money enough to buy food .
tr	I	She started to up get from her seat .
tr	O	Every one of us laughed when he blushed more than he should .
tr	O	Now that Graham was done choking Ben , both men might want beer .
tr	O	' What did these guys looks like ? '
tr	O	Her words sent a shiver through my body , taking the fight out of me .
tr	O	' Think hard , ' Love said .
tr	O	The important thing , of course , would be to get there first .
tr	O	Evil had been the only thing that ever welcomed him to its bosom ... But this wasn 't belonging and he knew it .
tr	I	With a flick her of hand , the Esmeralda Crane unmasked the figure .
tr	O	For some reason , his actions were starting to escalate beyond our mutual indifference and I didn 't know why .
tr	I	The Tuscan with countryside its rolling hills was begging for my attention .
tr	I	But I still think it would be safer to completely stay off Smith 's radar .
tr	I	His head cocked back with widened eyes and his lips parted , trying come to up with some response to my unexpected answer .
tr	I	The harsh features softened slightly now that Mrs had Peabody been reassured her world was safe once more .
tr	I	It was Thursday : late night shopping , which had only added the to misery of crowded public transport in one of the world 's largest metropolises .
tr	I	The truth was that her home did look not beautiful .
tr	O	He points to a building across the street from the ancient structure .
tr	O	For now , I take a few more subtle steps back .
tr	I	I can 't seem weak in of front Zack .
tr	I	Once have we them drawn them in , then we will close in on their flanks .
tr	I	What could possibly entice you stay to ? '
tr	I	Everything about was him pure male perfection .
tr	O	Eric held Cassidy for a long time , rubbing her back and kissing her hair , while she hugged him in return without question .
tr	O	Though he knew the nurses would turn it off later , he didn 't want Gabby to lie alone in a room more silent than a tomb .
tr	I	It was obvious the cooks 't hadn cracked the code .
tr	I	One we 't didn know about .
tr	I	I pull up a rag and begin wiping the down counter as if it were the most important task in the world .
tr	I	She was surprised when Erin looked over at her smiled and , grabbing her hand as she did so .
tr	O	Most people were impressed , considering the tribe owned not a single computer .
tr	O	he asked her , his face serious , as he led her expertly through the steps of the dance .
tr	O	She stepped around to the rear of the sedan to meet him .
tr	O	He heard them calling to him , but the sound was more in his head than out of it .
tr	O	He was sober now , though .
tr	O	She had a bell hop follow her to the elevator with her clothes in tow .
tr	O	Half the crowd moved to a wooden dance floor under two trees , between the pool and the beach .
tr	O	She hadn 't heard or felt him move , but as she turned , she turned right into his arms , her face raised toward his .
tr	O	Well , why not ?
tr	O	Maybe he was right ; maybe it would help .
tr	I	A moment later , a man clad in a clash of modern and ancient gear entered and saluted by door the .
tr	O	They look strange on her at the moment , these wonderful , incredibly expensive gloves , in conjunction with her crudely made smock .
tr	I	Before man the could speak again , Stryker sank his teeth into Theo 's neck , ripping out the carotid as he drank his fill .
tr	O	T is true you 're in an impossible situation .
tr	I	She reached up caught and it , reflexively .
tr	I	Three concise sentences , Felice at her efficient most .
tr	I	This woman had called him those things for one simple reason she : was utterly , unequivocally , batshit insane .
tr	I	Maybe she to likes go to the opera ?
tr	I	Barely conscious and total in mental and physical agony , Lucas closed his eyes and awaited the inevitable .
tr	O	But then she realized that she had ignored so many of his calls .
tr	I	Her small teeth bit at his and earlobe then her tongue stroked along his neck .
tr	O	Other voices rose ; or they had been there all the while .
tr	I	It up was in the loft , where it had been ever since Beth could remember .
tr	I	Rick saw that Adam was about to his rebut flippant comment .
tr	I	Why he was touching her ?
tr	I	Maybe when I lost those couple minutes and ended up in the alley , I somehow 'd dragged a body here .
tr	O	Rema had seen these buildings from the castle , but seeing them and walking among them were two very different experiences .
tr	I	That was convenient a excuse .
tr	O	There was a full moon which winked in and out behind small white woolly clouds .
tr	I	I needed to know the about rest of that night , even though the outcome would never change .
tr	I	Maybe aliens like him metabolize and anesthesia sedatives differently .
tr	I	If so , he would slay the prince before allowing one evil finger to this touch woman 's precious body .
tr	I	Seeing as the ancient plane was nearly empty , they took seats from across each other and Jim put up some seat dividers to get comfortable .
tr	O	He nodded and parked , watching in disbelief as she hopped from the car and ran into the bakery .
tr	O	He nodded and out we went .
tr	O	I sat on the stool that Bishop patted lightly before turning away to grab his ever present needle .
tr	I	My mind cannot focus past the and pain again I am thrust into darkness .
tr	O	' Don 't feel too sorry for him , ' Cain replied .
tr	O	He removed the ball cap and wiped a strong hand over his face , then back through his hair , damp with sweat .
tr	O	He opened fire anyway .
tr	I	We had it done .
tr	O	She turned harsh eyes on the jailers behind her .
tr	O	Are you all right ?
tr	I	Charlotte didn 't answer the phone , though Emily a left long message , hoping Declan would be found before he hurt himself or anyone else .
tr	O	Even at the slower speed , men were constantly tripping over tree roots and rocks .
tr	I	She nodded , twining their together fingers .
tr	O	I didn 't want to finish the sentence .
tr	O	Until tomorrow Julia Jacobs .
tr	O	The long strands of her hair draped over my arm .
tr	I	He started shaking , tears in formed his eyes , and he started whining .
tr	I	Only what servants the tell me .
tr	I	Jon 's throaty chuckle sent shivers of excitement her down spine .
tr	I	I wanted think to it was just something like ... I don 't know , hazing .
tr	I	Jack 's eyes met those of German the and there was mutual respect .
tr	I	Then I turn face my to where we are going and I vow not to look back .
tr	I	He jabs his finger my in face , exhaling .
tr	O	Fog that felt ... wrong somehow .
tr	I	A woman who stirring was more than just his passions to life .
tr	I	Carefully turned he the page and continued , the melodies and harmonies meshing together perfectly , just like he had planned .
tr	O	Will outstretched his hand and the cat immediately bumped its head against his knuckles .
tr	I	Her were clothes scattered across three rooms .
tr	O	It is lined with precarious looking stalactites of all shapes and sizes that look like they could fall at any moment .
tr	O	Delilah looked like I 'd just slapped her across the face .
tr	O	As a final touch she slid in the circlet of my station , a thin gold band that shone against the dark locks .
tr	I	I just one want more day .
tr	I	' When Eddie went , I to got hold him and say goodbye .
tr	O	Liz lifted her skirt , ran to the door , and continued to argue with her son who was over a mile away .
tr	I	I 'm the girl who hangs on periphery the .
tr	O	All of Sophie 's physicians are gathered in one area and turn to look at the former president when he walks in .
tr	I	Now they found themselves at Ryan office 's where he proudly showed off the brownstone where he and his partners worked .
tr	O	Surrounding the patio were dozens of lemon trees and brightly colored homes , which faced the rolling ocean .
tr	O	It was down along with the other systems .
tr	I	My mind went to alert mode , so changed I my right arm to a straight blade , like the katana .
tr	O	It seemed like an opportunity that might never come again , so I ran with it . ' '
tr	I	Joe pulled open the driver 's door side of his car .
tr	I	In fact , he was passionate about beliefs his .
tr	O	The worry lines spread to her eyes .
tr	I	It was trick no of the light .
tr	O	The sexual energy surrounding them had to be stimulating every reaction and heightening his senses and emotions .
tr	I	He was putty her in hands , anyway , tears or not , but that was because it was Charlotte .
tr	I	However , the creature 's drove momentum Abraham into the ground .
tr	I	Although he could taste blood in his mouth , the wreck had done nothing very severe to his resilient body vampire .
tr	I	By the time he 's finished , she sleeping 's again .
tr	O	Something for which I am repeatedly punished for no fault of my own .
tr	O	I knew what his intentions were , but that hardly changed a thing .
tr	O	Every now an then he would nod vigorously and write something down in red ink .
tr	I	She would have thought she 'd terrified be .
tr	O	The fairways were narrow with deep sand bunkers and a line of overhanging trees that might have posed a challenge for a human .
tr	I	Several minutes later , the overhead light clicked on and the three of us drew back , blinking as our eyes to adjusted the new harsh lighting .
tr	O	The tunes were still blasting and she sang , but I was silent .
tr	I	The Empress raised her chin and him watched remove the hood .
tr	I	There were the stars the and waxing moon and the headlights that would soon be gone .
tr	O	Aside from just liking the guy better , I had an easier time communicating with him .
tr	I	I take it had you a great date . '
tr	O	Her heart tightened painfully and she covered his mouth with her fingertips .
tr	O	He visualized Billy 's stance , his cocky persona and his attack motion .
tr	O	I ask you to remember that .
tr	O	The horrible man pressing against me ( I left out Dylan pressing against me ) .
tr	I	I smiled at her concern , and then she left that train thought of and hopped right on another .
tr	O	Pissing her off was a huge bonus .
tr	O	She already knew that her mother lived in another world , and Mary made her own world , her own life .
tr	O	Iona said , a little more sharply than she meant to .
tr	O	Gregor could almost feel the sorrow radiating from her .
tr	I	It took Maxwell some to time calm down from the incident at the Globe .
tr	I	So I an mumble apology .
tr	O	Oh , but I can 't do that , he 's a run away .
tr	I	He was hoping good for news .
tr	I	I didn 't tell him about the mess we in made the process .
tr	I	Wil did nothing and instead quietly wrote a note to leave on the table kitchen .
tr	I	19 The month has been peaceful for the school compared to months previous .
tr	O	Or kept alive just to suffer in the gulag .
tr	O	Only the teachers talked to her and even they seemed to do it out of necessity .
tr	I	He across stumbled the room and practically fell into the corner and curled into a ball .
tr	I	While she had been contemplating the other players , they had finished with their bets and were waiting impatiently for her to again roll .
tr	O	I won 't claim that I 'm not a selfish person .
tr	I	Vaguely , I was aware of the two beautiful ones fighting , a blur of shadows and strength , the sickening sound fists of hitting flesh .
tr	O	I looked up into Morris 's face .
tr	O	It was low and male .
tr	O	You first had this memory when you were looking at photos , so perhaps it 'll trigger of something else .
tr	O	I remember Mom saying that Ben 's a great bridge player .
tr	I	The one biggest being where he had gone so early this morning .
tr	O	They were shell shocked when they discovered that he was the head of the entire Kursk Empire .
tr	O	I tried to save my eldest son at a cost to many others .
tr	O	There was so much she couldn 't do .
tr	O	But he wasn 't willing to give up on Emma yet .
tr	O	' Well , all I know is that we didn 't see her again until the same time on Wednesday .
tr	O	Tammy swallowed hard , she hadn 't confessed to Jenna about Dante 's old fashion ways .
tr	I	The lack of organisms in the water did surprise not me as I figured the temperature to be barely above freezing .
tr	I	Hating that people stared , I moved from the wagon , my foot a catching rock , which caused me to stumble .
tr	O	I was caught up trying to figure out why she the fish in Jack 's dream ?
tr	O	She missed him with every breath .
tr	O	Should things end up getting ... out of control , I may need you to back me up .
tr	I	Dragos snapped his cell phone closed and it jammed into the pocket of his cashmere dress coat .
tr	O	Unless you 're with me , you 're over at that damned house alone .
tr	O	To my own ears , we sounded like an old couple bickering , except our roles had been reversed .
tr	I	He would ask one them day when this was behind them and the pressure was off .
tr	I	Somehow , if even it seemed impossible , that had to be Ryker .
tr	O	Her face burns red .
tr	O	A place for meditation is important to us .
tr	O	But she wondered if they picked up on the fact that she hadn 't feared the fight .
tr	O	Amanda arched her eyebrows at me .
tr	O	Before I had a chance to respond she just grabbed my hand and dragged me over to him .
tr	I	Katie made it through with more little than a broken ankle .
tr	O	That 's her car parked right outside the gray door .
tr	O	I could not have done this without you .
tr	O	It sounded simple enough .
tr	O	Can you try to whisper the symbol off ? '
tr	O	With one finger he smoothed a strand of wet hair away from my face .
tr	I	He looked more uncertain now than he had at any since time we met .
tr	I	For some reason they all like felt he was alive out there , he was okay , unscathed .
tr	O	We were shocked at the thought of Musial on the mound .
tr	I	What he was afraid of ?
tr	O	He was plainly fearful for his daughter .
tr	O	She 'd dreamed of a storybook reconciliation but all she 'd succeeded in doing was distress Marjorie , Claire and herself .
tr	I	But fact the that she was a chick my age without makeup made her look aggressively plain .
tr	O	Well , she would soon find out .
tr	O	Night took a breath and straightened her hair .
tr	O	Or had he been alone ?
tr	I	One of them off got a burst , hitting inches in front of the windscreen where I stood .
tr	I	He didn 't even know name her .
tr	O	He gestured her to carry on .
tr	I	Tonight , could I be whoever I wanted to be .
tr	O	Seemed she still might be underestimating the tiny human .
tr	O	Somehow , I doubted he was enthralled by the weather report .
tr	I	Celeste argued , but was quickly by interrupted Howie .
tr	O	Instead , she faced him squarely , denying nothing , saying nothing .
tr	O	I 'd scoped it out on my computer the night before .
tr	I	One moment I am confident and the next am I a gasping freak .
tr	I	Proof of wolves the on island .
tr	O	She started gathering her paperwork , neatly stuffing spreadsheets and summaries into colorful folders , and tucking those folders into her fuchsia work tote .
tr	O	Change had been brewing since the elders sent Deuce and Fade on the long walk ; Twist heralded the revolution .
tr	O	The soft clacking of the wheels kept them sleepy .
tr	O	Fat Charlie sighed , walked into the hall , and answered it .
tr	I	It wasn 't that I didn 't want to Mum see .
tr	O	Game Changer Cassie I sat on the floor staring at my cell phone as Melissa practically danced around me .
tr	I	The knew brothers instantly whom he was talking about .
tr	I	I can barely see it because the of helmet .
tr	O	Charlotte studied Frances 's face closely , and noticed that tears were welling in her cousin 's eyes .
tr	I	That something else waits us for .
tr	O	We weren 't sure what it was all about , and we didn 't want to get into trouble for sneaking into Tyler 's house .
tr	O	That was probably planned because I know he leaves for spring training on Monday .
tr	O	He stepped back to look , and there it was .
tr	O	Taking the lead , Michael picked his way carefully down the slope among the scattered rocks and dirt .
tr	O	You 're not well , you don 't know what you 're saying .
tr	I	It means fail without .
tr	O	I just assumed Mason would come with me .
tr	I	I nodded , didn but 't speak .
tr	I	She holds head my down in this position , so I run my tongue in a circle over her belly until she relents .
tr	I	He 'd betrayed his son , his clan , and his own soul to become servant a of darkness .
tr	I	When they emerged into the seating small area across from the double French doors , she slowed her steps .
tr	I	He wants to see me at privately his office on Wednesday .
tr	O	' I 'm afraid .
tr	I	This ebook may not be re-sold or given to away other people .
tr	O	She knit her brow in concentration .
tr	I	In a split second , I saw Lea in my head , but this wasn Lea 't .
tr	I	On my left , my cousin Emma and her Jack husband watch with huge smiles .
tr	O	It would 've been better for everyone if he had .
tr	O	His sisters , his mistresses , the wife of his mathematics teacher , and so many others ... None of them had been able to resist .
tr	O	' But I am delighted that you made it .
tr	O	The cupboards look dusty .
tr	O	The phone dropped to Spencer 's lap .
tr	O	Then another and another until only Ramsey and two others were left .
tr	O	I yank my hands from his and push him back .
tr	O	Poor Harrison is going to have his hands full with this one .
tr	I	I 'm sure the Miami office has notified been , and there 's probably a set of eyes not too far away .
tr	I	My family had long moved since away from this place , and I had no good reason to visit the scene of my uneventful childhood .
tr	O	He must have known about The Post article .
tr	O	The woman he intended to help her find .
tr	O	' Two in a row .
tr	O	He watched as two of them rode in easily on a breaker .
tr	I	Oliver idly picked at the leftovers dessert .
tr	I	He glided for bit a before moving his wings to take them higher .
tr	O	Just about the time we entered the outskirts of Toronto , Josh pointed out the park .
tr	O	This was a familiar enough trip .
tr	O	As I near it , I see there are several wads of paper strewn across the floor - discarded because they weren 't perfect .
tr	I	a voice crackles her in head .
tr	O	But even that wasn 't enough when his fingers tilted my chin up .
tr	I	Was that why she 'd taken the job of for caring the old man ?
tr	I	She was glowing , and not from only the sunshine .
tr	O	She wasn 't a child .
tr	I	No one spoke for a couple minutes of .
tr	I	Anyway , even something though felt weird I couldn 't put my finger on it .
tr	I	Neither good nor bad , just a guy doing his best with the psychological makeup he 'd over developed the years .
tr	I	That easy sounded enough .
tr	O	And it never occurred to me to give because I was brought up with robots and knew they couldn 't take .
tr	I	I didn 't - sorry , I didn realize 't .
tr	O	Chapter 15 Paige sidestepped the puddle left by a dog and swished the mop over the mess on the clinic floor .
tr	O	Todd immediately turned to both women , giving them a dark look .
tr	O	She was so at peace with him .
tr	O	We 'd eat Popsicles and sit on the edge of the water .
tr	O	Margie threw up her arms .
tr	I	He rested his head against the behind glass him and wanted to shout in excitement .
tr	O	Her initial reaction was one of anger - - how dare her parents track her down and force themselves into her life .
tr	I	Errol laced his behind hands his neck .
tr	O	I don 't trust them .
tr	I	Before Jack finished talking was he out the door .
tr	O	And I hope the decoration 's alright .
tr	O	So , they weren 't tall , dark , handsome , and mysterious .
tr	O	I scratched my head .
tr	I	' It 't doesn matter who did or did not -- ' ' Oops . '
tr	O	The tape recorder was turned off , and the partners seemed to relax a little .
tr	O	Once again , I looked carefully around the corner as I approached the front of the building .
tr	O	However , by the time she got close enough to have a decent look the person had vanished .
tr	O	' I tried to come back here , Ruben .
tr	O	My fingers didn 't want to work , and I accidentally dropped the vest .
tr	O	He left the bar as the paramedics arrived .
tr	O	My mind was starting to swim and I was glad the conversation was over .
tr	O	Benson opened his eyes and looked at Morris .
tr	I	Or perhaps he was speaking the to man .
tr	O	Even though it was nearly seven , the streets were busy .
tr	I	We have could lost you , just like we lost your brother .
tr	I	With Bobcat and Little Hawk , Johnnie circled the to left , aiming to find whoever had run from the saloon in that direction .
tr	O	He is worried that something will happen to her when you change , but I believe we are of equal strength .
tr	I	Ruby Tuesday , if can you believe that .
tr	O	You can face ten men at once .
tr	O	But my dream echoes through my head : Our promise .
tr	I	Fallon eyes 's were bleak .
tr	I	How was this to going make me better ?
tr	O	They were both standing in her kitchen .
tr	I	Was it because I said 'd I loved him ?
tr	I	Chancey inhaled deeply on his pipe , air the forcing his barrel chest to grow even larger , and exhaled slowly .
tr	O	The warning was plain , but held the air of strong counsel more than dire threat .
tr	O	Thelma watched Abby speak , then frowned .
tr	O	He wondered how Charlie and Helen could afford something like that , but was too tired to ponder on it much .
tr	O	Why do you allow this to happen to us ?
tr	I	Tuck wanted see to .
tr	O	But they do not like it when I try to grab them .
tr	I	Undeterred , Jonathan hurls himself toward Nicholas , as Nicholas recovers and lunges at himself Jonathan .
tr	I	His eyes quicksilver , his body hard , quivering want with .
tr	O	His eyes followed hers to the golden earring on the floor .
tr	O	There was no humor in it , only bitterness .
tr	I	With PA erected and lights it became a credible venue .
tr	I	I understood now where the had dust come from .
tr	I	The savage demon , Enrico , poked out Mexican from tapestry , a gravelly hum resounding from his throat that threatened to grow into a growl .
tr	I	Despite the sting she felt from her 's friend observation , Danni knew the real reason for her anger .
tr	O	I opened the envelope to find it full of money .
tr	O	He looked up and tried to speak , but the tape held his lips fast .
tr	O	Firm and gentle all at once , he kissed her .
tr	I	He at laughed his own pun .
tr	O	At least I knew someone was home .
tr	O	He lifted his face to the swirling clouds laced and heavy with snow .
tr	I	She held darkness around her , and I felt her of power air push back at my own .
tr	I	He 'd ended up with because us he couldn 't handle his depression , lost his photography business , his family , all that .
tr	I	There were so few safe topics them for .
tr	I	Gone was happy-go-lucky country boy who 'd blushed like an adolescent when she won 'd him a stuffed bunny on the midway .
tr	I	Plus , they were housewarming a gift from Rick .
tr	I	She smiled at up him .
tr	I	After expenses travel and entry fees , he probably would have been better off working minimum wage .
tr	I	No one had ever told me that I not could do two shows at once .
tr	O	Miles always helped her unwind .
tr	I	With the population as low as it is , it was impossible us for to cross match and find some stranger who fit your profile .
tr	O	I could hardly wait to shake them off when we had finally gone up the spiral staircase to the ground floor .
tr	O	While there she was promoted to the rank of Major .
tr	O	The form spun , flailed backward , then shrank to the floor .
tr	O	He never realized how gigantic it was .
tr	O	It 's like all the air has been ripped out of my lungs .
tr	I	He kept a pace steady as he met the approaching group of men .
tr	I	Mathew was glad to see her again for breakfast , so he didn 't mention anything about appearance her being out of the ordinary as of late .
tr	O	My voice sounds weak , unconvincing .
tr	O	Upon locating your Achilles Heel we will likewise locate your demon 's place of birth .
tr	O	I zipped my mouth shut .
tr	O	Myles had guessed correctly , but that only confirmed everything he 'd been telling himself .
tr	O	I opened my arms and he dived right in .
tr	O	Inspecting him , Amos frowned .
tr	O	Ramon , an itinerant laborer with the whitest teeth imaginable smiled and handed Abe one of the brown paper bags that contained their lunches .
tr	O	He rubbed his eyes and then swiveled his chair around and stood up , grabbing his phone from off the desk in the same motion .
tr	I	Beth spoke brusquely as she towards stepped her mount .
tr	I	He is to impossible kill . '
tr	O	Nate followed Conner out of the room .
tr	I	I 'm your friend and I always 'll be your friend .
tr	I	Clouds hovered all around , the sun shining brightly , sky the painted azure .
tr	O	It 's one more reason I should keep my distance from Ethan .
tr	O	We were both working on our soccer tans .
tr	I	In fact , for the first time , I notice just how the abandoned whole block is .
tr	I	I know is he , so lack of emotion doesn 't mean what the papers say it means .
tr	I	Nick reached his across desk and opened a manila file folder .
tr	O	It sent goose bumps racing over my skin .
tr	I	Leprechauns don 't care to have leg their hairs plucked .
tr	O	he asks with an edge of panic in his voice .
tr	I	I march forward and snag 's Alex arm before he can hit Nicholas again .
tr	I	She hardly moved even .
tr	I	She cried again as fingers her scrambled to bring up the ship 's log .
tr	O	He 'd been thrown a million times , and unlike the arena , the area surrounding the bull was lined with foam padding .
tr	O	She peeked between the blinds to find cameras pointed and clicking on her house .
tr	I	You could have hated for me taking you from your family and your homeland .
tr	I	I wish we met had under better circumstances .
tr	I	Tony held tongue his .
tr	O	He was an expert on everything and never missed a chance for a cheap shot .
tr	I	There was a whirring sound from his right eye , was which covered by a black eye patch .
tr	I	I stand on the sidewalk and watch him as he disappears around the corner without looking once back in my direction .
tr	O	Both men thanked me for coming in , but when I turned to shake Kane 's hand , it was like he dreaded touching me .
tr	I	She introduced me to other the Seers .
tr	O	' Get outta here , ' she laughed as Calvin appeared at Katherine 's side .
tr	O	She reached down and pulled the skirt of her gown up , raised her knees , and let her legs fall open .
tr	O	My hair was drenched , still dripping and smelled like fish .
tr	O	Christopher is capable of becoming a monster every bit as ugly as his father .
tr	O	I got to school early the next morning and went to Mrs. Stone 's room .
tr	I	You 're all have I .
tr	O	He still wore his coat , as if he , too , had rushed to her side .
tr	O	Just before she reached the corner I shouted it again .
tr	I	I sent in resume my and Marlene called me for an interview .
tr	I	The dark hair dipped into a widow perfect 's peak emphasising a heart shaped face .
tr	O	He couldn 't imagine not being able to see his home again , or his friends and family .
tr	I	I ran my gloved hands across lightly my cheeks .
tr	I	I looked back at the restaurant and Mike saw Riley heading in .
tr	O	he said , looking directly at Laura .
tr	O	The PI slowly stepped backward and Ethan realized his hands were balled into fists at his side , scaring the PI .
tr	O	His green eyes consumed me , pulling me closer .
tr	I	Rubbing her butt after sliding off the horse , Helen back stood as the family said their goodbyes .
tr	I	And that 's what you 're going to do , me trust .
tr	I	My face heated as I imagined the in talk the singles ' group the next Sunday if it became known Laurel Edmonds now hung out in bars .
tr	I	He walked up to me with his sword he had hiding under jacket his .
tr	I	It 'd been a stroke of luck , actually , when Soren saw it in the shop window 's while driving past .
tr	O	Now after midnight , the day had passed .
tr	O	I would just pray the Gods will do what they do best and make the mortals think they were seeing things .
tr	O	As a last resort , you can always try a random potion , he said .
tr	I	Graham and were Wallis both drinking straight farm water now .
tr	O	Byron was very matter-of-fact about standing with him in the shower , allowing the old man to hang on to him while the water poured over them .
tr	I	She there stood not really knowing what to say .
tr	O	But for once in my life I didn 't want to .
tr	O	Would Jordan Jefferies even remember her ?
tr	O	Rosa was silent as she thought it over .
tr	I	He toward turned her .
tr	I	Orson kept close , grunting each with breath , as though it were a struggle for him to stay with me .
tr	O	The sail creaked again , and flapped as the wind grew .
tr	O	I learned that I could trust humans .
tr	I	And he looked genuinely horrified his that friend was talking to her , which was slightly endearing .
tr	O	I gasped a little , but Aiden wasted no time .
tr	I	I took one lung full of before smoke coughing and throwing up my lunch .
tr	I	The shells swept No Man Land 's , changing the old landscape into something new .
tr	O	It sinks deep within the soil .
tr	I	His eyes swollen black and .
tr	I	Shoulders back loosen ; your wrist .
tr	O	I smiled at her slowly , and my stomach lurched .
tr	O	I felt lost and confused , maybe even slightly dazed .
tr	I	Ava her rubbed hand up and down Liza 's back .
tr	O	Moments later , a strange looking old man appeared out of nowhere with a square shaped rucksack on his back .
tr	I	It faced three stares blank .
tr	I	She called him sharply , terrified of needing so him much and torn between wanting him to come to her and hoping he would stay away .
tr	I	What was taking Bjorn long so ?
tr	I	Todd been had her employer and her friend , but never anything more .
tr	O	That 's all Lord William needs to shift his mood .
tr	I	Dinner was superb a with lightly chilled 1998 Soave Classico superior from Verona , Italy .
tr	O	I can 't keep it a secret .
tr	I	The produced intruder an envelope .
tr	O	Grant slammed his glass down on the table in front of him and stood up .
tr	I	I my put hands in my pockets .
tr	I	He placed her on the front porch , kissed her one last time and asked her father please to take care of her ... and he disappeared .
tr	O	Dad was having me over for dinner for the first time in almost a year .
tr	I	When she nodded , he led her out to the floor and joined quickly the dance .
tr	I	Pools of were blood everywhere .
tr	O	He took a drink of water from a glass on the podium in front of him and studied his papers for a moment .
tr	O	God , she needed to bawl like a baby .
tr	O	Blood is seeping through the bandage around the two missing fingers on his left hand , and also through the many bandages wrapped around his body .
tr	O	In the most ancient days she had been enchanted in such a manner that made it so that she could not lay down .
tr	I	They were speeding away the down on ramp .
tr	O	' We could do it against the bath , in the bath , in the shower , or right where you were sitting just now .
tr	O	Then he 's applying salve to the slash across Kent 's face .
tr	O	Except for that one feature he was her son through and through , even to the chestnut gleam in his brown hair .
tr	I	She gripped the door she as turned and glared in my direction before she slammed the door .
tr	I	The name ' Main ' seemed goofy too .
tr	I	Floating in her quarters , she gently touched the bulkhead to drifting stop .
tr	O	You want to enjoy your honeymoon .
tr	O	she asked , a little chil going through her , and he nodded , his long black lashes half veiling his eyes .
tr	I	She pressed and it it turned green .
tr	O	Derek charged him and threw his arms around his knees .
tr	I	I watch a pair of bare walk feet towards us .
tr	I	He held her to him , a tiny of package dynamite , closing his eyes to savor the moment .
tr	I	I can tell if little one thing in my house has been moved .
tr	I	There were some ways I just didn 't fit into Vincent 's lifestyle , and one of those was doing extreme sports activities loved he .
tr	O	An ' I know ye are ! '
tr	O	I hadn 't realized how anxious I was to get back on a normal footing with him .
tr	I	I just count us lucky to have gained initial their agreement to take the matter under advisement and permit the arrival of our delegation .
tr	I	And wasn it 't even noon yet .
tr	O	He cocked a challenging eyebrow at her .
tr	I	I didn 't understand why she was apologizing for angry being with me for my rudeness .
tr	I	She locked the door , her gaze searching the exterior through the glass without turning a on light .
tr	O	He was dangling in space , water running from his nose and mouth .
tr	O	Two days after being placed in the hospitals they awoke from their deep slumber ... The police then questioned Victoria as much as the doctors would allow .
tr	O	Then he put a hand on my forehead .
tr	I	The ladder and screwdriver didn 't suggest a break-in and he wore a blue shirt C.C. with SECURITY on the pocket .
tr	I	Milo stood dove and right in .
tr	I	One could feel Vito within his range , so having a large range also with helped figuring out the Vito configuration in the space .
tr	O	Sara Kiel , however , was beautiful to all who saw her .
tr	O	The smile faded abruptly , replaced with a frown .
tr	I	He still hadn 't gotten used to Steele seeing with an infant .
tr	O	He pointed again to the smiling baby while nodding his head in the poignant silence .
tr	O	Ugh , why do I care if Derek wants to hook up with someone else ?
tr	O	I nodded , and my gaze went to the ceiling , and stayed there .
tr	I	He flung himself out of the into plane the blanket of stars .
tr	I	I into reached my pocket and opened up my wallet , fishing out a dollar bill .
tr	I	I can wait 't all day to do your laundry .
tr	I	Are going you to do this again ?
tr	I	A piece of the earl 's property and he 's at not all pleased to see her here .
tr	I	Beth looked at the expensive bathtub , steam curling up invitingly from its soapy surface , the delicious relaxing man in it and considered her options .
tr	I	And no killings more and wanton destruction ! '
tr	I	Apparently Boris ' little adobe house was the kind of bloodied place strangers could show up and no one would blink an eye .
tr	I	For the time first since their stilted telephone conversation , Joy felt tears brim in her eyes .
tr	I	He closed the curtains the on portholes and switched on the light over the dining table .
tr	I	It was new , yet somehow familiar , like a combination of everything that good ever lived inside of him .
tr	I	Which is where come you in , Gwendolyn .
tr	O	I 'll never forgive myself , Sophie .
tr	I	Even so , there was something about way the he looked at me that made me want to pull away .
tr	I	Astrid nodded , perplexed his by sudden agreement .
tr	I	Maybe Daemon was as relieved to be away from her she as was from him .
tr	O	He turned to us .
tr	I	I just stopped in for , you know , coffee , then saw I Milton here .
tr	O	Aisling is tall and slim where I am just ... large , and big boned .
tr	O	She was shown and then escorted to his table , her dark hair bobbing up and down with each step she took .
tr	O	She reaches over to her shoulder and touches the nearly black blood .
tr	I	The room opens up into arcade heaven , literally this is the painted name on a plank right above the doorway .
tr	O	She turned off the phone .
tr	I	They were adults who should able be to control themselves .
tr	I	UNKNOWN : Sorry , nickname a , since I don 't know your name .
tr	O	It didn 't feel right .
tr	I	I used to be afraid of heights when I was younger , but now I 'm so not bad .
tr	O	I agreed that Brett and some of the others were bullies , but Alex and his senior friends weren 't .
tr	O	He 's young and good-looking .
tr	I	Ariadne reached Jack when he was inside water the up to his neck .
tr	O	Guys like Shane could say whatever they wanted and get away with it , even if they didn 't mean what they said .
tr	I	She still sent money home to her parents the all time because work was so hard to find .
tr	O	He shook his head in consternation .
tr	I	I glance down at watch my .
tr	O	His own anger terrified him .
tr	I	If all Mr. Drake wants to me do is answer phones , I 've got this in the bag .
tr	I	Footsteps sounded and door the swung open .
tr	I	Still no sound clicking .
tr	O	I tried to ask what was going on , but he put his finger against my lips and shushed me .
tr	I	After a moment 's thought , I laid down him and curled up by his side .
tr	I	We served with then pride .
tr	I	I 'm dizzy and happy from the sun and the appreciative of cheers my teammates .
tr	I	What difference does it make you to ?
tr	O	Would he have to kill her to defend himself ?
tr	O	She was no longer at the airport , no longer one person in a crowd of thousands .
tr	I	This would be a life hell beyond , living on forever in separate parts .
tr	I	And when he finally allowed to himself join Sonia in sleep , regardless of their recent drama , he did it with a smile .
tr	O	It looked like the evening wasn 't over yet .
tr	I	The impact knocked him to the ground , the big cat landing him on and knocking the breath from his lungs .
tr	O	I giggled because that was a funny thought , then stopped giggling because it might have been partly true .
tr	I	Feeling awkward , folded Angelia her arms across her chest .
tr	O	Or is it a Swedish saying ? '
tr	I	He looked out the to camera .
tr	I	One he 'd repeated often over last the two weeks .
tr	I	In her mind she saw the that picture had got her brother so upset .
tr	O	Intrigued , I couldn 't deny wanting to know this side of Gabriel Gordon .
tr	I	Still fair a sword arm , too , and he 's got to be eighty years old .
tr	I	The rest the of afternoon , was devoted to cleaning the barn .
tr	I	Ben whispered as struggled he to get comfortable .
tr	O	Perhaps he belonged in one of these cages .
tr	O	I can 't do anything about this , he has all of the control .
tr	I	Still , he zero had desire to drink it .
tr	O	He left on the Lear at midnight .
tr	I	I refuse to myself prepare for growing old .
tr	I	Us having coffee while I him grilled about his past .
tr	I	Hell , I didn 't see wrapped Chelsea up in Wes 's arms last night .
tr	O	He found her crying .
tr	O	We ended up outside , on a terrace overlooking a pool .
tr	I	As she crept through the cemetery , avoiding and headstones graves .
tr	I	As it neared the old woman the lid and unscrewed hovered in the air beside it .
tr	I	Soul shouted , kicking the 's man hand .
tr	I	In return , his other arm curled around her , holding close her .
tr	O	Easy for him to say .
tr	I	As she watched me watch her , her tongue whipped out she and licked at a smudge close to her mouth .
tr	I	Both stations were thousands of miles apart and no excited radio communications were heard from in anybody space .
tr	O	Without any more words , he then walked back to the cart .
tr	O	We had an open investigation and you had a false address , so I had to follow up .
tr	O	Seldon dropped his hands to his lap .
tr	I	His grin her caused to feel as if the water temperature rose a good ten degrees .
tr	O	I forced a laugh , attempting to act casual , like I wasn 't picking up on his flirtatious vibe .
tr	O	Then her smile faltered .
tr	I	That he still wanted her as much today as he had the they night 'd met .
tr	O	I can smile and keep my mouth shut .
tr	I	They also whisper , but I don 't understand what 're they saying as if they 're speaking in code .
tr	I	However , prejudices stem from sides both .
tr	I	Maybe not Valentine 's after Day all .
tr	O	Verity ran her own life .
tr	O	If you need assistance , I will assist you myself .
tr	O	I 'd counted them all in but not one had come back out .
tr	O	I was thinking we should give it another shot , at least try it for a while ... ' ' No ! '
tr	O	Freya was standing to the left of Joseph , in front of the group she commanded .
tr	I	' I just wish I had loved ones I could talk to , about us , about school , about all the things little too .
tr	I	And Zach would let never anything bad happen to her .
tr	I	Looked like a hell whole of a lot of trouble to him .
tr	I	He at gazed Love .
tr	I	They found a great couple was who dying to have a baby and couldn 't .
tr	O	Somebody vandalized Bradford 's little garden .
tr	O	That was part of the beauty of today .
tr	I	The model 's body was fuller time this .
tr	I	I don 't need to ask I but do anyway .
tr	O	They 're ... they 're going to ... they 're going to make us ... oh , God !
tr	O	You can move at any time now , but it 's been two years .
tr	O	She 'd never bought me anything before !
tr	I	They plant the same crops year after year on the same land , allowing never it to rest .
tr	I	She can 't about know this .
tr	O	Makes me want to stay in this dream forever .
tr	O	He forced a small smile .
tr	I	I stay back and to try catch up on sleep since I 'm not really getting much at night .
tr	I	Patch in lay stunned silence , but I saw thoughts shooting rapid-fire behind his black eyes , which held a sharp edge .
tr	I	But 've I never been in love with a Shadowhunter , not until Alec .
tr	I	They could probably my sense foreignness .
tr	I	By his time reckoning , they only had hours until Ship carried out the threat to end humankind forever .
tr	O	I think I can even see him standing on the pier .
tr	I	Despite her misery , grinned Alix .
tr	I	I saw in fear the faces of all , and I felt bad for making such a poor first impression .
tr	O	Two other men rounded the table on the Prince 's right , blades flashing in the light .
tr	I	Not for first the time he found himself questioning Divine Justice .
tr	I	He might have to get a room somewhere afterward but didn he 't have the money right now .
tr	I	I have to prepare her without telling actually her that I 'm leaving .
tr	O	She is actually better at protecting herself .
tr	O	She guessed he was about ten .
tr	O	I mumbled , wrapping my arms around my chest .
tr	I	All could I do was listen .
tr	I	I tumbled out , spread landing eagle in the snow .
tr	O	Well , if he felt like that , it wasn 't up to me to make the first move .
tr	I	' I want fantastic a band and to live in America . '
tr	O	And I had not realized how beholden I felt to him for all the times he had saved me .
tr	O	The house was an adorable cottage freshly pained light blue with black shutters .
tr	O	Geoffrey had attacked her friend in order to draw her out into the open .
tr	O	The smell of fresh-cut grass and hydrangeas hung in the evening air , and traffic was nonexistent .
tr	I	Never caring and just hitting the open with sky a stolen ride .
tr	O	I 'm the guy who 's been following you around , gladly taking your crap for two years .
tr	O	she asked , then chewed on the end of that pen as she waited for his answer .
tr	I	He tensed , not sure if he should back or off move forward .
tr	O	He continues to look at me , gasping for air , his lips parting .
tr	O	Anyway , I 'm fine .
tr	I	Self and hatred fury tore through him as Cassie trembled again , her fingers dug briefly into his back .
tr	I	The roar of the engine became a vibrating purr as the sleek powerboat shifted from a wild into run a lazy prowl .
tr	O	Pushing an overturned bucket closer to the table , she steps up onto it .
tr	I	The desert temperature was rising and even in fall , it felt like it was in nineties the .
tr	O	I did not trust Dan to be with my best friend .
tr	I	I looked up and saw it true was .
tr	I	There was nothing about relaxed Colin .
tr	I	I my narrowed eyes in suspicion .
tr	O	His eyes were warm , but warning .
tr	I	Biting her lip , considered she her options .
tr	I	Even an pocket old watch resting on the sleeve of one of the shirts .
tr	O	Once she got out of the bath and threw on a robe , she found Sebastian sitting on the couch .
tr	O	A small dining room opened up on the side of the kitchen , but she used it more like a breakfast nook .
tr	I	He got his braces last off month and his teeth are perfect .
tr	O	In fact , now I thought about it , she looked better than she had for a long time .
tr	O	( I wonder if they 'll need passports ?
tr	I	My chin trembled as her hit words me , the full realization of what I 'd done finally settling over me .
tr	I	Smiling wryly , turned she to Paul .
tr	O	The waves broke on the shore long before he reached it .
tr	O	She probably wouldn 't understand his complaints even if he tried to explain them .
tr	I	I almost crapped my pants when I saw him at the station gas .
tr	O	My chest ached at all the possibilities .
tr	O	' It 's a copy , ' he said .
tr	I	Those advocating women 's rights were wearing yellow roses and those suffrage opposing wearing red roses .
tr	I	Sam turned to on check his inventory .
tr	O	But for Lucien , the events of the previous night had been more rewarding than any diversion Monsieur might imagine .
tr	O	Dr. Red wasn 't at all pleased with it for a few different reasons .
tr	I	The inventor fed the in tape through a slit in the underside of the hat , turning the crank to run it through the device .
tr	O	The truck full slowly down the dock , a half dozen men with machine guns walking on either side .
tr	O	They were worried about someone spending time alone with the God King .
tr	I	He then visualized himself beating several at once gracefully and his comrades standing in awe of ability his .
tr	O	It can be very useful to learn to make your own magical wards .
tr	O	Recently he 'd seen a fantastic jacket in a book about the Second World War .
tr	O	Shock rippled through me .
tr	O	What on earth was she to do ?
tr	O	Jane couldn 't promise otherwise .
tr	I	Taylor had been chaperone a , too , and look where it had led .
tr	O	Even Halina gave her a genuinely warm smile and something seemed to pass between the two women when they hugged .
tr	I	25 of 32 The lady hand 's does not fall .
tr	O	I need to hear his voice .
tr	I	Tears formed in her eyes , she but didn 't let go .
tr	O	He didn 't know how but she knew that he needed something else , that he needed reassurance from her that he wasn 't a monster .
tr	I	I don 't know if should I still date this guy truly or just let my heart decide in this complicated arrangement .
tr	O	I heard the same noise from Diego - he had the man .
tr	I	Elissa waited patiently for him to continue , her hands folded on her lap , her attentive expression .
tr	O	Frank heard the outboard start up , heard the bark of the exhaust and then watched as the boat sped towards where he stood .
tr	I	Petr yelped let and go .
tr	I	Paramedics rushed to help injured the .
tr	I	He nodded , poised pen .
tr	O	He rubbed his hands together and when he looked up a figure stood before him on the other side of the flames .
tr	I	At least the security preparations had worked her into exhausted an sleep through the night .
tr	I	She only - saw The crowd attacked .
tr	O	Instead , he crashed into the man with an elbow jutting into the back of the old man 's neck .
tr	I	Frustrated to almost the point of hysteria , Hannah heard herself let out a breath .
tr	O	The war is unseen but I see it .
tr	O	I licked my lips and leaned forward .
tr	I	Then rose pity in Turin 's heart , and he said to Mim : ' Alas !
tr	I	Despite everything , she still him loved .
tr	I	Sakura felt heart her quicken .
tr	I	Nothing else as was usual this morning .
tr	O	Mr Price is always going away on those digs of his .
tr	I	She shook her head in disgust and headed the for door .
tr	I	Turning my back on them , I walked away from the table and party the .
tr	I	David stood on lowest the , largest branch of the oak tree in the front yard of the house in Indianapolis .
tr	I	Colin left following the morning in a flurry of good-byes .
tr	O	I was expecting fear , but all I saw in his eyes when they fell on us was surprise , followed by resignation .
tr	O	The only ones left were locals which meant they had the lake practically to themselves .
tr	I	In all languages three she spoke .
tr	O	A deep male voice cut into my latest examination of the storefront and its occupants .
tr	O	I would just leave it open but I want my bolt back , and it 's stuck in the wall above .
tr	O	This time it was she who reached out for him , who clasped his head in her hands , and kissed him .
tr	I	My husband alive 's .
tr	O	He shared a sneaky smile .
tr	I	As dead as they were , looked they as though they would jump up suddenly and attack .
tr	I	Would she with come me ?
tr	I	It was only when he had put his foot down on the mud of the bank that Ambrosius ' recognised trap the for what it was .
tr	I	I was about talking the date area .
tr	O	Before I had a chance to answer , he slapped my bare ass and gave me a parting wink .
tr	I	He changed 's out of the sheriff 's uniform that fit him tight in the shoulders .
tr	I	He was her teasing !
tr	O	The fisherman came in response to Rex 's call .
tr	I	I stared at both them of in horror .
tr	I	Fingers trembling with eagerness , pulled he open the envelope , yanked out a single sheet of stationery , and unfolded it .
tr	O	And so she promised she would try to see you soon .
tr	I	Sullivan sat in back his chair .
tr	I	Or that he embezzled had money .
tr	O	She liked the way Lise fixed her hair the other day and thought that maybe she should start curling her hair more often .
tr	O	And the smell -- like dog carcass left to rot in a garbage pile -- grew stronger .
tr	O	He didn 't answer .
tr	I	Then something seemed occur to to him .
tr	O	Then I remembered the third floor of Duncan 's mansion .
tr	I	Sarah frowned she when remembered the gibberish .
tr	O	She hadn 't thought about the luggage and the duffel bag .
tr	I	Just like the Exiles , all ya can think on chaos is .
tr	I	I remember my old saying man Jerry 's dad had been a pretty level-headed bloke .
tr	O	He leaned the long plank against a workbench and turned to face me .
tr	I	And we just have a few more until days the full moon .
tr	O	Bride looked up at the sound of a new deeply masculine voice .
tr	I	Where rather two ancient ponies were standing , looking at her .
tr	O	The woman looks ready to slice the doorman in two , or at least whack him on the head if she doesn 't get her way .
tr	O	There was nothing like coming home after a long trip , even if home was a two-bedroom apartment with wall-to-wall carpeting that was slowly rotting away .
tr	I	Just a single touch from Cale 's fingers jolted me awake , at least for a couple minutes more .
tr	O	When Gretchen removed the tray , her eyes lit up with delight at the wealth of accessories .
tr	I	It 't wasn until Joseph took her by the shoulders and led her to the chair that she gave in .
tr	I	For the first minute or two after that , I had thoughts no at all .
tr	I	' And then she said she 'd pop to over see the Longs on her way home . '
tr	I	Had he become ineffectual that ?
tr	O	A few days later Terry telephoned me with a compass bearing on the Box .
tr	I	The she Sonia was supposed to be , in front of Callum on her hands and knees .
tr	I	Zach was empty of words ; felt he like he was empty of life .
tr	I	She needed to figure this out and there was only one place she go could .
tr	I	It was almost to inconceivable imagine .
tr	I	Or Lucas following around , I see now , but I knew I sensed it .
tr	O	I abruptly changed the subject .
tr	O	Dear Jake , I won 't question your stamina again .
tr	I	He looked around the room his for companions and saw no one .
tr	O	He grasped the steering column , flicking a few dozen switches without thought , all the while ignoring the little scientist 's many questions .
tr	O	It took my soldiers a moment to find me , since I no longer traveled with a bodyguard at all times .
tr	I	We 're just finishing lunch up .
tr	O	I 've plans for him , and his death will serve me as well now as later .
tr	O	Everyone turned , alerted by his tone .
tr	I	I looked to Emma reassurance for , as I often did .
tr	O	How long since you found out about how long you would live ?
tr	O	A faint , familiar voice drifted from the darkness before I could answer .
tr	O	Still , he walked up the steps toward her and came to a stop within inches of her .
tr	I	Maybe Madeline needed tell to those stories to bolster her faith that she 'd eventually find the resolution she sought .
tr	I	The press of his erection the against precise point of her pleasure .
tr	O	The cold glare he turned back to her didn 't reveal much .
tr	I	The birds led them for several kilometers down the road and then back along main the highway .
tr	O	Jimmy didn 't give Nick time to reply .
tr	I	Inexperienced youths new to the city were prey easy .
tr	O	He touched her mind to see if she had talked with Brice .
tr	O	Finally , he lets go and the body stills .
tr	O	Despite the distance between us , I find myself holding my breath as she steps into the dawn .
tr	O	What good were Reboots if they were all totally insane ?
tr	O	But she couldn 't show me that she loved me , she always held back . '
tr	O	He spotted schools of fish darting past their portholes .
tr	I	She realized was this the reason she never had found them before .
tr	I	Caitlin was victim a to their cruel games , and was beaten as a result of one of them .
tr	O	We know intuitively that the seas are bounded .
tr	I	That why 's the Queens let it stand .
tr	O	Even with the debris , he could make it to Rachel 's quarters in under ten minutes .
tr	O	Bet you thought I couldn 't find you ?
tr	O	He blinks at me .
tr	I	Just then we heard movement coming from sides all of the tent .
tr	I	' The old man died had some months before , and the solicitor had been trying to trace his next-of-kin .
tr	O	I still go to school with all of these people .
tr	I	You Mason and , eh ?
tr	O	She raced to the sink and turned on the water , hoping it would deter Juliette from following her .
tr	I	The truck was vanishing the down road .
tr	O	Slowly , gently , he began to rock .
tr	I	I seen 've it in your eyes .
tr	I	He had added a pounds few through the years , but he was still a hunk of a man .
tr	O	He dropped a warm , hungry kiss on the pulse point of her throat .
tr	I	I had a revolver sticking out the back my of pants .
tr	I	Now all remained that were a few , straggly wisps of cloud .
tr	I	She was more open and so less now controlled and he liked it much .
tr	O	A huge , cherry wood , oval boardroom table filled the room .
tr	I	Those cliffs would be there long my after roommates and I were gone .
tr	I	A palm warm flattened to Marianna 's waist , pulling her back to the moment .
tr	O	There was no door visible , only a dark maw .
tr	I	Romain shot glance a at Jasmine , who was watching him carefully .
tr	I	She nodded and lifted a little as I myself positioned at her entrance .
tr	O	Eric sighed and leaned back into the pillows .
tr	I	Jenny 's eyes darted to the hallway dim .
tr	I	I say spinning and extending my arm so we link can elbows .
tr	I	' You been 've very lucky , then .
tr	I	There were four names above mine , three scratched were out .
tr	I	There was a car just to Gem 's right , and 's that how they got so close to her .
tr	I	Chewy started turn to again , thinking this was the end but she got his attention back quickly .
tr	O	In doing so , perhaps she could bring him out from beneath the oppressive control of the priests .
tr	I	A rarity after heavy a snow fall .
tr	I	She didn 't know what think to about that .
tr	O	If that was true , then the Irishman was right .
tr	O	Lillian amused him in some way .
tr	I	Celeste had even asked which Cheyenne surprised since she hadn 't asked the entire time since she started helping out with the bookstore .
tr	I	But soon it come would .
tr	O	This idea didn 't seem to deter the Elder .
tr	O	With an oath , he turned and entered his own suite .
tr	I	A nightmare that 't wouldn end .
tr	I	Captain Bright called you guys my left and right arms and that 's the I way 'll be .
tr	I	But two of sets tracks fled higher into the hills .
tr	I	He turned and jumped on board the second skimmer and made to ready loosen the moorings .
tr	I	I very see well .
tr	I	The grew cheers louder .
tr	I	Then let she her hand fall away again as the shadow began to stride across the grass towards them .
tr	O	They were now out there , clamoring for justice .
tr	O	Now that I had seen the accident site , I wanted a closer look at Horton .
tr	O	He turned back to face her .
tr	I	Cara covered her friend 's with hand her own .
tr	O	It 's delivered through the nut .
tr	O	Her last nerve was breaking .
tr	O	Most of the women he dated tended toward the vapid , cheerleader type , groupies who hung around Coronado for the express purpose of picking up SEALs .
tr	O	Impossible , but Kat knew it to be true .
tr	O	It was dark at first , and the room was silent , other than the sound of our ragged breathing .
tr	O	Cyrus didn 't have to go into any further details .
tr	O	She shook her head at me and spoke .
tr	O	Or on the sly , the way Rinaldi 's men killed Bobby and Stewart .
tr	I	He slammed my hard body against the wall .
tr	O	If you think Kaddish will help me , say it .
tr	I	Sam stopped turned and towards her brother .
tr	I	Raina tapped her foot against the hardwood floor , narrowly missing the braided she rug 'd bought him years ago .
tr	I	A new note entered had his voice .
tr	O	Megan 's frown curled into a mischievous grin .
tr	I	She pulled the phone out of her pocket and stuck it her to ear .
tr	O	But she saw nothing that might - Wait !
tr	I	This was much more interesting than my video exercise .
tr	I	He took her face in his and hands kissed her .
tr	I	Also , I couldn 't to seem shake Ashlyn 's judgments .
tr	I	She still felt like idiot an because of what she had said moments before .
tr	I	His mind reeled with constantly shifting emotions awe : over watching his brother transform into a werewolf .
tr	O	When I went out to dinner that night with Callie , Seth , and Luke , they decided to take it upon themselves to look for him .
tr	O	The entire thing vanished into a cloud of ashes .
tr	I	She rolled onto her side and draped a leg over him , sleep to wanting claim her again .
tr	I	I into shift second and pull away .
tr	I	As the three of them walked up the road the few metres number to 27 , Tanya blew her nose and pulled herself together a little .
tr	I	One says he into changed a bat and flew away .
tr	I	He stole the check out of my hand right after the had waitress placed it on the table .
tr	O	' You 've never spoken to me like that before .
tr	I	In strode a tall woman a in fitted black dress .
tr	O	Liz gritted her teeth at the criticism .
tr	I	It would simply be a matter of what I wanted grant to .
tr	I	Asking about friends hobbies and doesn 't seem likely to yield fruit , so I wrack my brain for other topics .
tr	O	Our civilization had produced thousands of books on how to properly rear your offspring so they would become ' beautiful souls . '
tr	O	Quite a few of them stopped to give Sebastian appreciative glances , which he didn 't seem to notice .
tr	O	The wayward breeze was making it exceedingly hard for her to take her eyes off the tightly coiled muscles on his chest and stomach .
tr	O	' Good to see you talking though .
tr	O	The Orc rolled his eyes and gave his bumpy leg a stomp .
tr	O	It was a truck and she knew more likely , Toby .
tr	I	I want you to what know no other man will ever do for you .
tr	O	Only moments later , I heard her snoring .
tr	I	Patch new 's cell phone rang , and he glanced at the readout .
tr	O	I 'm banking on the fact that he 'll be just as desperate for help as we 're in a desperate way for cash .
tr	O	I shrugged it off .
tr	I	Facing Franco couldn be 't worse than that .
tr	O	A rock slope faded upward to their right , and the view below to the waterfall and farmhouse on their left .
tr	I	It was against him the world .
tr	O	She felt something , something she had not felt since she was a young woman .
tr	I	I hated to make him worry any than more he already did .
tr	O	She tasted the smell of cow dung .
tr	I	Maureen discovered it true was .
tr	I	You know , some do Living .
tr	O	Smiling to myself , I looked around for a partner .
tr	O	Kamal asked , momentarily relishing the fresh scent of the garden 's morning air himself .
tr	I	Everyone says you win 'll a new trial .
tr	O	He 's more interested in whoever killed Ray and Horton .
tr	O	When he raised his head he saw the sparkle of amused irritation in Clare 's eyes .
tr	O	It is like an interactive whiteboard , but the technology is slightly more advanced .
tr	O	Stillness settled on the scene .
tr	I	Let hair her down ?
tr	I	He caught her in wrist time .
tr	I	She still was frowning and looking sour , but apparently couldn 't think of anything else to say beyond another snort .
tr	O	I finished the report an hour later , just as the steak and baked potato were done .
tr	I	She gave a small of shake her head , shrugging her shoulders .
tr	O	Maybe that was to be expected from someone who 'd exhorted , enticed and nudged us into a team over eight months of twice-daily practices .
tr	I	More than ever , she reminded Angelina of their statuesque father , dark and graceful with short cropped hair a and long nape .
tr	I	I have the feeling he 's afraid to let go , and it drives crazy me .
tr	I	Nova is silent , probably trying to figure how out to respond to such an alarming statement .
tr	O	I really didn 't know how to respond to any of that .
tr	O	Julian looked at her and she was doing a little bit better .
tr	O	But instead , it came to a dead stop , resting harmlessly against the staff .
tr	O	I blew out a quick breath .
tr	O	Eric 's moan was heartfelt .
tr	O	The truth is , my lot is even worse than yours .
tr	O	She loosened herself from my grip .
tr	O	We were a brotherhood , and we always will be .
tr	I	She was the of embodiment all he could dream and hope for .
tr	O	Still he fought ; still he felt a desperate urge to kill .
tr	I	I have to blink to rapidly keep myself from crying .
tr	O	I heard a scuffing sound and guessed the guard had picked up the shoes .
tr	I	' See you later , ' said I .
tr	O	What if they left the path ?
tr	I	We stopped for breather a on a park bench , the city glowing just beyond the trees in front of us .
tr	I	It had a been long time since he had felt real , deep aggravation , but he was starting to feel it now .
tr	I	Devon slightly bristled when he touched Cassie ; he hated the idea of another man touching her , even if it was Chris .
tr	I	We past were the point of no return .
tr	I	He thumped the pocket his of soiled , baggy vest .
tr	O	After the table was cleared , the lights were dimmed , indicating the show would be starting soon .
tr	O	And we knew the truth .
tr	O	How strange , I could not begin to understand where I got that idea , especially as she doesn 't even like boats !
tr	I	Like she was trying shrink to into nothing .
tr	O	So we saw him .
tr	O	He quickly scanned the article , and then handed it back to me .
tr	I	Without opening my eyes , I grabbed with it my right hand and completely stopped him .
tr	I	They were not under flying laws and the pilots were discussing happy sweeps and turns without needing alcoholic support .
tr	O	But it wasn 't a big , burly shifter who wanted to talk .
tr	I	The other night I found an open jar of peanut on butter the kitchen counter .
tr	O	He still missed his wife .
tr	O	I didn 't want to ask him what the life expectancy of a Grand Master was .
tr	I	his grandfather asked as he debated next his move .
tr	O	I 'm sure China recognizes that as much as the United States .
tr	I	The attendant looked at me quizzically for a moment and then stabbed right my index finger with a pin .
tr	I	It used a lot less water washing than real table linens .
tr	O	Isaac had never tried a home remedy for migraines that actually worked .
tr	I	Nanna had given me a to bear sleep with - in a drunken rage my mom threw it in the fire .
tr	O	I stammered and began to fuss with the documents in front of me .
tr	I	Lucas fumbled for his sword as the imp chomped his into skin .
tr	O	He stops short and turns to face me .
tr	I	I 'm not to accustomed being denied something I want so desperately .
tr	O	Everyone 's first direction was to meet at ' the big rock ' .
tr	O	It will be alright , I could do this , I encouraged myself .
tr	O	People marvel at the things I know .
tr	I	He had seen plenty of recruits come through in his career , enough to know what worked and what 't didn .
tr	O	' They are getting restless after two days with no word from Carman .
tr	O	The way he said ' teen girl ' made it sound like a disposable role .
tr	O	I sit back and cross my arms in front of me .
tr	O	I grinned because I knew he 'd have to climb down from the roof to fit .
tr	O	She headed straight for a stranded motorcyclist and whipped out her black SIG Sauer .
tr	O	It was more rare to understand .
tr	I	All the other mouse families had quietly moved into home our , surrounded the walls and filled in the doorway and hallway .
tr	O	She 'd never done anything like that in her life and she 'd loved every second of it .
tr	O	I gave Logan a huge smile .
tr	O	The shed 's walls were lined with screen posters that showed real time views of Moon 's craters and outposts .
tr	O	On the task of leaving to the Still Blue .
tr	O	Lady Hutchinson looked at her husband .
tr	O	Now she just felt acid climbing her throat .
tr	O	None of it made sense .
tr	O	Coombs didn 't have an immediate answer .
tr	I	He deserved the chance move to on .
tr	I	Coping with hurt male sensibilities 't wasn high on my list this morning .
tr	I	Cars one lined side of the block .
tr	I	We can 't afford to risk coven the .
tr	I	It would help if Vivian made an effort to meet others the , but so far she hadn 't revealed the slightest bit of interest or cooperation .
tr	I	I 'll meet there you .
tr	I	So much for being treated as adult an .
tr	I	Never before had she ever wanted to just take off her clothes with a man she just met let and him do whatever he wanted to her .
tr	I	He doesn 't love except anyone himself and his fucking insane need for power .
tr	I	She looked at me and shock her overtook face .
tr	I	I hobble to logs the and begin dragging them away .
tr	O	That was more than good enough .
tr	I	After my work finished was , I left Ian 's study and walked to the kitchen .
tr	O	He reached through the Raven Talisman , searching ... and there he was .
tr	O	He eased his h * ps down and sighed in relief .
tr	O	A soft breath of air parted her lips .
tr	I	Their other horses had scattered in directions all .
tr	O	Jessie stared angrily at him .
tr	O	Nor was he aware of the sharks , whose interest had been attracted by the shabby craft and kept circling it .
tr	O	As the voices drew closer , the wolf yelped faster and louder .
tr	I	Gretchen my considered words .
tr	O	While I should have been offended by what Devon was saying , I couldn 't help but sympathize with his position .
tr	O	Other than scorch marks in the floor , there would be no evidence left that the boy had been stolen by furry , clawed monsters .
tr	O	She was on a beach in the Bahamas with him .
tr	O	It had been easy to forget .
tr	I	Before either of them could answer , scraping a , rattling sound echoed all throughout the cavern , making the hairs on my neck stand up .
tr	O	Would she hear word of his death ?
tr	O	As soon as I got into car , I began punching in numbers on my cell phone , waiting for an answer .
tr	I	I glanced briefly at the laptop , watched as police broke into the room Jamie where was being held .
tr	I	Peter 's biggest issue was that he and Sera had very little alone time , which basically translated sex to .
tr	I	The touch of his tongue on her nipple made her cry out , the friction of the wet silk against her body enticing erotic and .
tr	I	That would be because hadn they 't .
tr	O	He pulled her into his arms , right there in the open doorway where all the neighbors could see .
tr	I	She enjoyed watching lives their unfold .
tr	I	Her voice was elevating back screaming to .
tr	I	I covered my eyes to avoid any getting of the sand in them .
tr	I	Guards swarmed the ballroom , wearing eyewear protective .
tr	I	You 've built a hard shell protect to your soft heart .
tr	I	Silently , I grabbed a and swimsuit slipped out of the room without waking Sloane .
tr	O	Who 's the father then ? '
tr	O	The best being me making it to the end of the period alive .
tr	O	I go here all the time !
tr	I	I am sorry to say I that wish to remain anonymous .
tr	O	In fact , there seemed to be plants everywhere .
tr	O	You really helped this book become what it is now and for that , I can 't thank you enough !
tr	O	It is simple -- barely any effort is required .
tr	I	But I figured it would when be I ran out of food .
tr	I	Both were still wearing their long leather jackets over the layers of period clothes required to fit into environment the .
tr	I	Because this center docking was so far out from the inner city , shuttles had been built to move people in and out .
tr	I	If anyone sees you ... Well , it wouldn 't be for good you .
tr	I	The sun drilled down through the clouds , but the shade from porch the stretched to cover them .
tr	O	Gabriel was at least heading in what they felt was the right direction .
tr	O	We 'll sit on the beach , he told me , and watch the kids flying kites .
tr	I	We know that the first event in the establishing colony was the landing of the crew compartment by the command crew .
tr	I	The others stunned were .
tr	I	Engines in roared the sky above the estate .
tr	I	No-one gives me a second look apart from the waitress glasses cleaning at the opposite end of the bar .
tr	O	It depends upon your point of view .
tr	O	Her canines appeared sharp and threatening under her raised upper lip .
tr	I	While Donovan spoke , he for felt a pulse .
tr	I	From here he see could most of the village , the harbor and all the way to the horizon .
tr	O	A buzzing zapped through my body , echoing in my ears and pushing the blood through my veins with the force of a river 's rapids .
tr	O	To be sure , he now felt perfectly normal , but perhaps they did not realize that .
tr	O	She leaned into him for comfort .
tr	O	He used to send me red roses .
tr	O	Her drapes are drawn and it takes a moment for my eyes to adjust to the absence of light .
tr	I	Night started to fall the on encampment but none inside were seeking their rest .
tr	O	Anya grabbed his arm and tried walking him backward through the door .
tr	I	Around them , the wedding party was singing ' Stand Your By Man ' .
tr	I	Jess , was in there putting together trays snacks with , and Gabrielle and Beth were laughing about something together .
tr	I	It set off alarms in head her .
tr	I	His rugged , good looks attracted women and here there .
tr	I	Alex sighed his pleasure and she to clung him , needing him .
tr	I	I have theatre tomorrow morning , later and in the afternoon .
tr	I	I snort and put plate my down .
tr	O	Sensing his friend 's growing irritation , Dorian changed the subject .
tr	O	Abe nodded , and they cautiously slid back the loose board and crawled out of the old building .
tr	I	There was only one other floor it for to go to , and the descent took several minutes .
tr	O	You might even be required to perform , if you get my drift .
tr	O	Even more outrageous was the pure sexiness of the dress .
tr	O	Gwen said returning to the door .
tr	O	' Just the tonic for the poor old chap , an hour or two under that sun ? '
tr	O	Scott 's expression was incredulous .
tr	O	There are dozens of phones and plenty of rules that govern their use , but we can generally make all the collect calls we want .
tr	I	Sunlight hurts eyes my .
tr	O	I shouted over the noise .
tr	I	She through flew the breached wall into Dark Fist .
tr	O	He didn 't answer .
tr	I	I gave imperceptible an nod .
tr	I	Then he crouched in front of her , gripped her underneath her arms and easily got her up to feet her .
tr	O	They settled back as the raft bounced forward into a broad valley .
tr	I	He wanted her to he believe could fall in love with her when he didn 't even know her .
tr	O	He needed to get to his office to meet with his advisors .
tr	I	What I told about her Cole rattled her .
tr	O	I have never paid attention to any of this before , and now I 'm obsessed with it .
tr	O	It doesn 't hurt , but the lights are bright enough to blind me .
tr	I	I suddenly thought I looked sexy quite -- like Carmen .
tr	I	It seemed much to intimate for peace her of mind .
tr	O	I put on all my silver battle rings and took them to the heavy bag I 'd hung in the corner .
tr	I	She in was the den at Alexander 's place .
tr	O	The bride squealed as three purple sevens stood side by side on the pay line .
tr	I	She sighed , tucking her hands a little further into the pockets coat .
tr	O	The gunslinger walked out to the boys crouched around the marble ring .
tr	I	she asked , needing to fully understand what she inadvertently 'd been sucked into .
tr	I	Everyone has own their flair , their own preferences .
tr	I	The constables the at gate called the cart to a stop .
tr	I	But this was not time the .
tr	O	But she was finding it harder and harder to pretend that everything was okay .
tr	O	And to her I would return regularly and remorseful .
tr	O	Dex 's voice filled my ears .
tr	I	Following a path cycle , Claire walked around the edge of the lake , beneath the autumn trees , kicking at the fallen leaves beneath her feet .
tr	I	I reply noting the even he number lucked out with .
tr	O	I shook my head .
tr	O	I expected you last week .
tr	I	Debbie stapled the last batch of papers together and tossed the result into Eileen Norris basket 's , which was half full of phone message slips already .
tr	I	Cheyenne felt a stab her in heart , but reality seeped in .
tr	O	He looked to be around ten and , like most boys , he was fascinated by the new engines that had revolutionized the transportation industry .
tr	O	Nicolae watched the man approach , noting the pale skin and dark circles under his eyes .
tr	O	Then the cloud descended , and they thought they were in those moments living their last .
tr	I	' It was definitely woman a . '
tr	O	Nellie elbowed me in the ribs .
tr	O	The corners and sides where weighted with weights .
tr	I	There is not much we can do to prepare , and it even might be worse if we did have the time to try .
tr	I	Tepper even paled further .
tr	O	She didn 't want to hurt her sister by dating her ex .
tr	I	Then , when she opened her mouth to say something else , he moved forward pulled and her into him .
tr	O	' Zombie , ' he said carefully .
tr	O	She answered on the third ring .
tr	O	Only four minutes left in the game and I hadn 't seen Dank anywhere .
tr	I	She held a red-and-white life in preserver her hands .
tr	O	Then the sky ripped open and sucked them into the oblivion of a wormhole .
tr	I	I 've also been pretty indecisive , and unable to come to a conclusion as to what to do regarding my conundrum regarding Four the Sided Triangles .
tr	O	Besides , Terrance Graves rarely came out of the New York City office .
tr	I	Her were eyes blazing .
tr	O	Not with his sad smiles and mischief eyes .
tr	O	Ryan came out of the cabin with a bucket in hand .
tr	I	Hey , there , Charlie , like looks rain .
tr	O	Apart from stuffing your drive into the creek . '
tr	I	Eric looked back from gazing longingly at Cass 's bedroom door to find planted Diego on a living room chair next to him .
tr	O	He takes a seat and gestures at the chair across from him .
tr	O	Thankful y , her weakened state made the compulsion possible .
tr	I	They bypassed the empty living room entered and the kitchen , which was lit by a bare bulb .
tr	O	Rachel pasted a smile on her face as she climbed off of the bus .
tr	I	The line ice of spears had split at the point where the figure stood , slicing off to either side .
tr	I	As soon as she it put in my hand I felt a connection , and a sense of urgency .
tr	I	He placed the porcelain mug back down a atop cork coaster and exhaled while reading the next clue .
tr	O	She opened the box , pulling at the green felt near the hinges .
tr	I	Frank thought he noticed a tear moving down Jake face 's .
tr	I	Manfred around looked him with some amazement .
tr	I	He was still having trouble quitting , but 'd he get there .
tr	O	Jayne placed her hand in his and stepped out of the SUV .
tr	O	one of them shouts , breaking that frozen moment of recognition .
tr	O	Monk sprinted toward the open water .
tr	O	They could not get him to say more .
tr	I	He wrote the correct number on ticket the and held it out for the last picker .
tr	I	She to seemed be .
tr	O	Even parents in the PTA knew who he was .
tr	I	Right behind Liza were Whitley and mother my .
tr	O	I fight to get back ; there are people everywhere .
tr	O	But soon she broke up with her boyfriends .
tr	O	Not having the will to put up with any more of her honeymoon talk .
tr	O	Spaulding chuckled from his cell .
tr	I	' Is it an uppercut I should looking be out for , or a left cross ? '
tr	O	There was no one to protect him from the law .
tr	O	There had been a storm brewing inside me and she helped to calm it .
tr	O	But we patiently teach them that they 're wrong to think that .
tr	O	She held his left hand .
tr	I	Brenda looked over at Minho , then at back Thomas .
tr	O	I decided to take a long nap , hopefully all the way to Las Vegas .
tr	O	He glances at my pants as he 's about to get out .
tr	O	I had a hard time catching my breath as I leaned over the sink and then looked at myself in the mirror .
tr	I	Up in west Olympia , the sun was setting on horizon the .
tr	I	Make sure have we the latest technology .
tr	I	He didn look 't up .
tr	I	David reached into his pocket and pulled a out Hershey 's .
tr	O	He 'd sensed a storm was brewing and he wanted to be there to help his father weather it .
tr	I	He 'd told me a few vague stories about how 's she made him shoot her up with heroin .
tr	O	After a few straining moments , he reached the top and knelt down in front of the box .
tr	I	He doesn make 't it .
tr	O	Elena leaned Haven against the side of the nearest dune buggy .
tr	I	She 's beautiful not .
tr	O	I let my eyes drift back down to the seniors before me .
tr	I	His voice has an dropped octave , almost lulling .
tr	I	Over the years , I 've found that it 's usually best pretend to that I know what I 'm doing and where I 'm going .
tr	O	It was too muddy to try today .
tr	O	He touched the screen where the YMCA was and drew his finger upwards .
tr	O	I let out a contented sigh as my damp hand drops down to the floor .
tr	O	Francesca looked away from him , guilt washing over her in a rush .
tr	I	In fact , more and more of them are through coming .
tr	I	He a drew shuddering , weeping breath .
tr	O	He told me , once , that his fear landscape hadn 't changed since he first went through it , during his initiation .
tr	I	He laughed a little , but kissed me eagerly back .
tr	I	Issues about fact the that her dad left .
tr	I	He felt a surge of psychic energy , a strong wash surrounding him , and instinctively he twisted , looking the for threat .
tr	I	Then I started off toward Hebron , where a little cluster of white lights shone across the snow , through gray the , gathering dusk .
tr	I	And felt I something of a chill at Grey Cloak 's words .
tr	I	The took baby to some .
tr	I	Connie had jumped already in the canoe and was paddling furiously toward me ; I swam like crazy to meet her .
tr	I	I step closer until 're we touching .
tr	O	I knew I was dripping wet , that he 'd slide right into me .
tr	I	That isn 't my son saying that , that 's the talking junkie .
tr	I	' Are trying you to be funny ? '
tr	O	She felt her stomach turn over , as if the moving images were making her nauseous .
tr	O	He 'd wanted to say something about the kiss , but Camille was already uncomfortable as it was .
tr	O	When the car finally came to a stop in front of a charming palace , I was somehow not surprised .
tr	O	Derek hissed when the blade buried itself to the hilt in his chest .
tr	O	No one else would ever look at her like that , touch her like that .
tr	O	I pushed him away gently at the end of the kiss , more to catch my breath .
tr	O	He laughed at her frightened expression .
tr	O	Then a booted blow to his ribs finally knocks him loose .
tr	O	Dale , she got so bad .
tr	O	Pat plopped back in her seat , rolled her window down and let the breeze hit her face .
tr	O	When she did look up she looked right at him and then abruptly away .
tr	O	Ted 's heart leapt as she smiled and nodded .
tr	O	That was Trevor 's number .
tr	I	Or rather , the same ; government there hasn 't really been a change .
tr	O	Sarah frowned and caught her husband 's eye .
tr	O	She missed the relative coziness of the state-of-art kitchen and felt uncomfortable in such ostentatious surroundings .
tr	I	Margo came unexpectedly over to Jack and gave him a kiss .
tr	O	She turned to go , presenting him with her slender back and long , ivory neck and then paused to look over her shoulder .
tr	I	How this was helpful ?
tr	I	Raja knew was that true .
tr	O	She leans back against the wall , her eyelids closing .
tr	I	My two minutes were out running .
tr	I	You 've got them whipped into a frenzy of hate and lust blood and that 's all that matters to them now .
tr	O	That ended as soon as you bought the lumber rights .
tr	O	This action caused the book to slip out from the lower edge of the traditional dress Matthew was wearing .
tr	O	He began praying , then , for her to open her eyes to twitch her hand .
tr	I	She massaged her head that beginning was to pound again .
tr	O	He was as lonely as the man in Friedrich ´ s painting .
tr	I	She back stared at her husband .
tr	O	I smiled broadly , checking on the others .
tr	I	Blake walked in the door almost at the same and instant jumped out of the way before Christian could crash right into him .
tr	O	What about the body ?
tr	I	Say you will me take to share all things with you .
tr	I	Izzy glanced at over her queen .
tr	O	The touch of his lips on her body made her feel amazing .
tr	O	When Xavier hung up the phone , he felt a great sense of relief .
tr	O	I was feeling much better with the blood flow plugged .
tr	I	It was highly unusual for wives to appear the at quiet little fortress on Front Street .
tr	I	The same came feeling over me and my stomach knotted inside .
tr	O	' We were late finishing our round .
tr	O	I closed my eyes for a second .
tr	I	The whirls baby and of course it isn 't my brother .
tr	I	I cold felt without them and shivered .
tr	I	A secret obsession she could not over get .
tr	O	I get the trademark crooked smirk that I 'm finding less arrogant and more playful now .
tr	O	They sat for a moment in silence .
tr	O	The vicar grinned weakly and withdrew followed by Haddington .
tr	O	Then he chuckled and walked away without even sparing Cale any chance to talk .
tr	I	Mark our announced departure over the airport frequency in his usual lilting tone , laughing at the end .
tr	I	She grabs my and arm squeezes the crud out of it .
tr	I	What she felt on and off throughout years those , though , was guilt .
tr	I	It makes melt me .
tr	O	The sky was clear and he beheld the heavens .
tr	O	Liam 's deep voice surprised me from the wings .
tr	I	His slid palm over her stomach .
tr	I	I 'm tired and really not in the mood for his jokes .
tr	I	While Mike conspired , Kelly threw herself into her consulting work her and private time with God , enjoying both so much more than she had before .
tr	I	I glance up to see staring Samantha down at herself .
tr	O	Dennis didn 't respond but simply turned around and headed back to the bar .
tr	I	David heard the jarring voice his in earpiece .
tr	I	asked the director young .
tr	O	That was where I met my best friend and , two weeks later his family moved into my neighborhood .
tr	I	A poof sound was heard as the small surveillance probe was launched from the upper of surface the ship .
tr	I	The of contents both packs were remarkably similar .
tr	O	The pain was unbearable ... worse even than the pain of childbirth .
tr	I	I wondered that what was about , but Celia shook her head when I looked at her .
tr	O	Colton took a step back , the confusion evident on his face .
tr	O	She should not have been surprised .
tr	I	The Maestro was an excellent teacher the of fighting arts , but he was an old man , and no soldier .
tr	I	Willow felt the bed dip when Declan sat close down to her .
tr	O	He probably would do it right next time .
tr	I	One thing was for damn certain : I 't wasn going to fight eight werewolves naked .
tr	I	A few were people lounging on deck chairs beside it .
tr	O	I 'm pretty good at knowing when someone 's lying , and there 's something you 're not telling me .
tr	I	Alfred was already the in office , sitting in one of the sofas .
tr	I	The mage stood there for a couple seconds more and his shook head , his dark hair swaying as he did so .
tr	O	I saw Woods cut his eyes from me to a table to my left .
tr	O	It must have been the surprise of it all .
tr	I	Cook eyebrows 's rose .
tr	I	There was an audible crack and Stan feet 's went still .
tr	I	I push in with slow , meandering kisses , sucking folds her between my lips and lounge there just rolling my tongue over her gentle as hell .
tr	I	I barely notice all the people crowded around in us a ring .
tr	I	It 's been fine running since I came .
tr	O	I tried not to make eye contact with her and I glanced over at AJ instead .
tr	O	He held her snuggly by her wrists as his other hand circled her clit through her slick and slippery lower lips .
tr	O	She had volunteered for this mission , after all .
tr	I	Renewed screams of and rage pain could be heard behind them .
tr	O	The grub would 've hit her neck if not for the ax , which came in the way .
tr	I	He took it and crouched behind the cash to register watch them approach .
tr	I	Now that I knew where he was living , I hatched plan a .
tr	I	Horrendous grabbed and Henry dragged him to the floor .
tr	O	It 's enough to kill all the Germans , and certainly enough to finish off Halifax .
tr	I	We reach the house and my knees buckle a little , remembering the last I time was at a party .
tr	I	Hand in hand went they into the dining room .
tr	I	Constance asks , away breaking from our conversation to stand and peer over our cubicle wall .
tr	I	Just past the stairs to the basement she found open an door and looked inside .
tr	O	The girl had picked up phrases with surprising ease and was determined not to forget a single word .
tr	O	Did he want to rescue him ?
tr	I	Dad on was the floor reaching under my bed .
tr	I	But was anything possible .
tr	I	To all of you for your continued support of this wacky endeavor , for your words kind , reviews and general encouragement .
tr	I	Besides , in a tarot reading didn 't they just pull three cards from the deck and make guesses about your life on based the pictures ?
tr	I	So , the nurse escorted me into room a , where I waited for her to go retrieve my son .
tr	I	But she told him none that of .
tr	O	Cooper was sat braiding cloths to the handle of a large urn .
tr	I	He looked the across room at French doors that led to a balcony .
tr	I	The only good thing about Cassidy snapping at him this was morning the look on Gray 's face .
tr	O	Was it her husband breathing beside her ?
tr	O	Awaiting his execution , we sought permission from the prison to wed , but they would not release him for a formal ceremony .
tr	O	She even has Brittany and Meredith out shooting .
tr	O	He was intrigued at the McDonald 's organisation that could make their food and coffee taste the same all over the world .
tr	I	Why it did feel like I was lying ?
tr	I	The broker had the just airplane .
tr	O	They climbed into bed together , killed the lights .
tr	O	Regret and remorse exploded like a landmine inside Beau 's chest .
tr	O	Straight to voice mail again .
tr	I	I shook my head , not believing what I was to about do .
tr	I	After all , he always put his two cents when in it came to Ellery .
tr	O	Sasha looked at him , at the pain etched on his face .
tr	I	We charged across the hall to service the elevator .
tr	O	She was still looking at Sam , an unasked question hanging in the air .
tr	I	He 'll need to be hosed first off .
tr	I	She darts out of her room when she sees walk me by .
tr	I	he shouted now , his scar stretched as as tight his emotions .
tr	O	Before I could answer her I wake up in Blake 's arms and in Diane 's company beside me , still hand cuffed .
tr	I	She discovered that her arm left was wrapped , wrist to shoulder , in a tight bandage .
tr	I	He had made every effort wish to it away .
tr	I	cackled Mort the from hall .
tr	O	Charlie 's hand came flitting over my face to break the trance .
tr	O	Hank , glancing over his shoulder , realized that two soldiers were following him .
tr	I	The shapeshifter started to go through the of pockets the deceased Chef .
tr	O	It was our first knock on the door .
tr	O	I didn 't want to tell her that Max had offered me a job as his assistant .
tr	I	I began pulling my free wrist .
tr	O	Again , she sat down in the clearing and again she wept .
tr	I	The king unsheathed sword his -- ceremonial , and not meant for war -- and pointed it at the aged seer .
tr	I	Or was she reacting something to else ?
tr	O	You 've seen me change the color of my wings just as quickly .
tr	I	Adam 's shirt is starting tear to .
tr	O	Parker thought it was gross that an animal would want to do such an unsanitary thing and get shoe muck all over its face .
tr	I	He 't didn want the man even speaking her name .
tr	I	he asks when he breaks kiss the .
tr	O	I smiled at Gran , who was already holding a tissue to her eyes , as I stepped away from the altar .
tr	O	She punched me in the arm and then squealed as I pinched her nipples .
tr	I	Kennedy him had now .
tr	O	To preserve their way of life , something had to be done .
tr	I	Damn , she enjoyed stuff this .
tr	O	The ground was smooth and slick .
tr	I	Arden he knew was asking far more than his question implied .
tr	I	He me hands back my hat .
tr	O	He clutched the folder to his chest .
tr	O	A pair of young women jogged by , smiling at her as they passed .
tr	I	Where the hell she is ?
tr	O	They got the enhanced strength and mind control bit instead .
tr	O	' Well , aren 't we the moody one ?
tr	I	She had handed in resignation her and Elliot was simply furious .
tr	O	For a good time , call Lorelai .
tr	O	The only time I visit a doctor is for a regular physical or for a checkup at the gynecologist .
tr	O	It may yet bring their whole enterprise down .
tr	I	I wonder if they will be still around after all of this is over .
tr	O	' Trying to light their candle , I think . '
tr	I	We 'd never been very close to any of them when they were alive , but it was still horrifying to view them now zombies as .
tr	I	Like you , we left the girl on board bus the .
tr	I	Abby nudges her foot the at concrete .
tr	I	It was what you 'd call of something a full-circle moment .
tr	I	Then wouldn she 't fit just right into his arms .
tr	I	She made a tiny noise of surprise she before relaxed into me with a sigh .
tr	I	Was she getting ready leave to ?
tr	O	Then maybe we could have a future together , but it was selfish of me to want such a thing .
tr	I	Sometimes it was nice just to do nice something for another person .
tr	O	Delilah pushed the on button for Katia 's two-way ear bud .
tr	I	I her nudged with my shoulder .
tr	I	Noelle steeled herself for what she was about to do , unwilling to turn from away David 's plea for help .
tr	I	He her gave a sheepish grin .
tr	I	Despite that , Vic seemed like nice a guy .
tr	I	I over move a bit so I can lean into him and rest my head in the crook of his shoulder .
tr	I	It was like were there two voices in her head and she couldn 't keep out either one .
tr	O	I didn 't know if it came from the near fright or the closeness of the very hot boy .
tr	O	We changed from hiking clothes to more formal attire when we got back to the inn .
tr	O	The last notes of his solo were still ringing through the amphitheater when he stepped back and Ryder took over .
tr	I	I read the through entire document before realizing that it was pretty close to useless , as far as understanding how my mother had died .
tr	O	I 'm proving that I deserved my shot at the top .
tr	I	She searched every wall , looking for a doorway or some kind of access to outside the world .
tr	O	She was left shaking and dripping with sweat , but at least she 'd held her ground .
tr	O	You are making a judgment when I am asking you to hand me a memory .
tr	O	The phone went dead in her hand .
tr	I	There a 's sandwich shop just a few doors down .
tr	I	It was soft remarkably .
tr	I	She grasped the edge of the table and studied face his , but she didn 't see any trace of emotion or romance .
tr	I	Have them contact my family backup for .
tr	O	There had been countless girlfriends since Olivia , of course .
tr	O	Not one of my more shining moments , I 'm afraid .
tr	I	He 'd abandoned his friends to go Veronica to .
tr	O	So he felt a little more confident in his appearance .
tr	I	It was that realization that had her coming down the from peak fast .
tr	I	His beat heart in his temples .
tr	I	The had man other kinds of passion too , Verity thought .
tr	O	A sinking feeling nestled into his stomach as he realized that he was already too late .
tr	O	She waddled out , clutching a few chocolate muffins .
tr	O	I stand with my hands in my pockets .
tr	I	When she did , they be 'd categorized by day , month and year .
tr	O	I had been trying to stay away , but you simply can 't shelter yourself from everything .
tr	I	She and I became friends instant .
tr	I	They want to get Jessica because she 's important , because she 's the key something to .
tr	I	I said as I sat back against ship the .
tr	I	But not all at in the way that I expected .
tr	O	I pressed my lips together into a tight line .
tr	I	We circled other each .
tr	I	But getting drenched running to the truck the beat alternative .
tr	I	She turned to rummage in the bag at her feet , drawing wrapped out bundles .
tr	O	* Adam wrangled through the sheets of his bed a bit .
tr	I	And certain gentle friction fabrics , which -- as it turns out -- have multiple uses and can be stimulating quite .
tr	O	But whether or not Caleb ever learned the truth , Purcell 's story was one he 'd never write .
tr	I	Mackenzie one thrust hip up , rolling him over onto his back and climbing on top of him .
tr	I	Ryan was aback taken .
tr	I	The president looked on with particular no interest or indifference .
tr	O	My eyes were adjusting to the deep shade , and I could see that Felix was very big , tall and thick through the shoulders .
tr	O	If men read these words , let them know that power is a heavy burden .
tr	I	I felt the hunger , the need burning , felt The Calling in my veins .
tr	O	Even from the grave .
tr	O	Why did he always have to try and fix everything ?
tr	I	So unfamiliar , unreal so .
tr	O	Yorkshire Falls is as quiet a place as you can get .
tr	I	I through continued the apartment until I found her .
tr	O	During the ceremony , he held Bede 's hand as if she were his own wife .
tr	I	Rivers of spotless fabric white .
tr	O	You 'd have to be one of its few residents to use it .
tr	I	They someone were 's daughter , or son , or spouse .
tr	O	He glanced up at Dempsey .
tr	I	The thief and laughed looked down .
tr	I	There 's no sign of the woman , though there are of plenty doors towards the back that she could have slipped through .
tr	I	The company we keep 'll are infamous for their eccentricities .
tr	O	Turn on a shower , she 'll stand under it .
tr	O	They both turn to Murphy .
tr	I	It was exactly what needed she to hear .
tr	O	There were tall pines everywhere and a small runoff creek nearby .
tr	I	He 's in construction -- worked with of one my good friend 's brother .
tr	O	And he had scolded her , again , for being so defensive .
tr	I	When a friend found her body two days later , the police said it was an open and case shut .
tr	O	Authentic 1849 , like everything else in each of their ensembles .
tr	O	Madison stood happily in the steaming shower and reveled in its heat .
tr	O	Some stood with their arms folded , others with their hands on their bows or the hilt of their swords .
tr	I	Our strategy is to them persuade that our solution is the only logical option .
tr	O	Wilfred was discretion made man .
tr	O	Still , though it was nonsensical , at the same time she missed Hawk terribly .
tr	I	He screamed opened and his eyes .
tr	O	It made her so homesick for Tom that she had to hold her eyes wide open and blinking , willing the tears back where they belonged .
tr	I	Shit , this was na gon be miserable .
tr	O	Don 't you get it ?
tr	I	I didn even 't dare to breathe .
tr	O	Alexa whipped her head toward him and looked , really seeing him for the first time .
tr	I	He didn 't to want make friends here or enemies .
tr	O	And you 'd be like , ' Sure ! '
tr	O	There 's a rowdy bar in the same strip mall .
tr	O	In the distance he saw the arc of a flashlight sweep through the gloom , and he ducked down .
tr	I	She cupped the side of her cousin face 's , concentrated on finding the power inside of her .
tr	I	She didn 't even care that they in were a public place where anyone could see .
tr	O	We waited there in the line , as a whisper quiet train pulled up .
tr	I	' Do it , ' Rowling made a gesture , a gave sign of some kind .
tr	I	What Ethan and I was had hotter , more magical , than anything I 'd ever dreamed could be possible between two people .
tr	O	Finn shook his head , but not in disagreement , ' There 's nothing to help through .
tr	I	Standing , the newspaper still at one with his pants , Brick realised suddenly the driver may not be as pleased with his offer of payment .
tr	I	I let him touch me , my lifting arms , turning my head , pulling my hair back and cleaning my neck .
tr	O	The Caesar looked at the sea again and smiled briefly at the beauty of the setting sun .
tr	I	In fact , couldn he 't reach any conclusion at all .
tr	I	Just think of how good those nights were , and then think of thousand a nights like that .
tr	O	He was a large figure in fatigues with a crew cut accompanied by a huge German Shepherd .
tr	O	I saw what it did to him when you walked out .
tr	O	He appreciated that about her .
tr	I	Together they lifted the propeller higher and inched toward back the of the room .
tr	I	Katie tried a but smile knew it fell flat .
tr	O	Each movement he makes is so lithe and controlled .
tr	O	My stomach dropped to my feet with his question .
tr	O	The five of us closed in on each other .
tr	O	The barrage of stones stopped .
tr	I	There was a also philosophical problem .
tr	O	Dave shot to his feet and threw his plate across the room .
tr	O	The cart was so heavy , it almost tipped over twice .
tr	O	She was the one who decided how much he should know about her .
tr	O	His gesture seemed to note how many of the guards were naked , and bloody .
tr	I	The first night had been of consequence no .
tr	I	The impact of her words cleared the from worry his brow .
tr	O	One more test , and I 'm done .
tr	I	Slowly I for reached it .
tr	I	I start walking again they before ask what 's wrong .
tr	O	I pushed up off the couch and peered through the door .
tr	O	It had been some time since I had heard that motherly tone and , luckily for me , it was directed at Riley .
tr	I	Any more , and his life be would at risk .
tr	I	Still , the monster inside him , freshly stoked with a few drops of crimson , not could be entirely ignored .
tr	O	He sipped his coffee .
tr	O	She pushed open the door and beckoned me in with a wave of her dainty hand .
tr	O	Half of downtown 's buildings had already fit the bill ; the other half were hurriedly remodeled .
tr	O	Rick hauled Kendall out of her seat and into his arms .
tr	I	I hate last testaments pious and words .
tr	I	Rubbing the sleep from my eyes , I hit the off button made and the trek to the bathroom .
tr	O	- Sam Trent He signed his last name without thinking .
tr	O	The majority of the tourists didn 't seem to notice anything was wrong at all .
tr	O	Where could she go ?
tr	O	As they pulled into their neighborhood , there were tons of cars parked on the curb .
tr	I	All that he do could was simply hold his mum in his arms .
tr	O	And why did she want him to come over to that door ?
tr	I	As I spoke , I glanced over shoulder my at the demon once again .
tr	I	I moved into little the space .
tr	I	On side one of the room was a huge curved staircase , but it was too dark inside to see much else .
tr	O	He felt a little like he had that night years ago , trapped with Malone in the warehouse .
tr	O	My mind was a million miles away .
tr	I	Cooper grows tired of our silent exchange and slams her mug against mantle the to remind us of her presence .
tr	I	He was obviously trying to recall what he had been dreaming earlier , but apparently much without success .
tr	O	Brennan spun around , eager to leave the room , but had to wait for Dryden to open the door .
tr	I	The free standing buildings all served different purposes and the followed shell structure of Sarum 's tradition .
tr	I	If he succeeded today , life return would to normal .
tr	I	An approaching wave of is flame easily sidestepped as Link charges back into the fray .
tr	I	She wore it in a sleek bob , and her high cheekbones and flawless skin made look her years younger than she was .
tr	O	I put Inno down and tried to remove the block .
tr	I	I believe that it 's God your given mission .
tr	O	He lived in this one bedroom apartment he shared with a buddy from a restaurant he used to work at , and he slept on the couch .
tr	O	It was odd to talk about boys , but this was my mother , and I didn 't know much of her life before she died .
tr	I	Sara watched utterly puzzled as the maid stacked frantically the china onto her tray .
tr	O	I don 't need to see him , I thought .
tr	O	She focused on what her father had said .
tr	O	At that moment , a stag appeared half-way up the hill , beside the dry creek bed .
tr	I	And she couldn have 't the police department snooping around .
tr	O	I was frozen by ... by what ?
tr	I	He was such fool a .
tr	I	I 'm pretty sure this paneling was here since building the was completed .
tr	I	Lia and Michael had been off the entire time I known 'd them .
tr	O	Her mother let out a slow breath as she turned toward her .
tr	I	The flutter first of love awakened in her heart .
tr	O	Hugo suggested there was nothing he could do .
tr	I	If they could have just travelled a couple of more hours in the car ... Elijah noticed a man up ahead walking on road the .
tr	O	You have to give me that much .
tr	I	Then plates these were covered with heavy domes of clay to protect them .
tr	O	Besides , Grant had saved himself some trouble .
tr	O	She smelled like cinnamon like the afternoon .
tr	I	People had sex every day with people they didn 't know really .
tr	I	I really wanted go to .
tr	I	After I was dead seemed like the right for time me to ponder it .
tr	O	Were you brought down here ? '
tr	I	He asked what kind of music she and liked she answered elaborately .
tr	I	a means an to end .
tr	O	He was wearing the man 's boots .
tr	O	His comment took all the wind out of her .
tr	O	That was the turning point .
tr	O	He 's reading some newly posted data from a cancer research center in Quebec , whose study he 's been following .
tr	O	Jane inquired , finally feeling ready to join the conversation despite her inner turmoil .
tr	O	Questions spun through her mind at the same speed Reyes 's warmth abandoned her body , leaving her cold and shivering .
tr	O	When it arrived it couldn 't have been clearer .
tr	O	He would trust her as he had trusted no other , and in doing so , rise to the level of God .
tr	O	I had never known a person with one .
tr	O	Once we became adults it was never the same .
tr	O	Mr Miller clearly doesn 't know how to deal with hysterical pre-teen girls .
tr	I	He will you give updates but thinks you should hump it in ?
tr	O	Then God has taken his vengeance .
tr	O	Balancing the fence precariously , she jabbed a finger at the stranger , then jerked a thumb over her shoulder .
tr	O	They didn 't have long to wait before the first riders burst out of the wood and into their paths .
tr	O	And she knew she shouldn 't be stupid enough to make that mistake again .
tr	O	Her voice was so quiet that it took me a moment to understand what she said .
tr	I	Joey Mayhem , the exciting upstart , earns a shot at Goliath , champ the , and blows it .
tr	O	Brittney 's compliment , while nice , and unexpected had very likely signed his death warrant .
tr	I	This sound 't wasn so wild , though .
tr	I	I could also scan the immediate area about for three thousand feet in front of me .
tr	I	My stomach like felt a meat grinder turning on itself .
tr	I	She toyed with the belt of robe her .
tr	O	Jake thought it a bit odd , but not thinking much of the statement .
tr	I	The snap of electricity was in loud the small space .
tr	O	Garrett raised his palms in surrender .
tr	I	One pastry perfect sat atop a snowy white napkin .
tr	O	The acne on his face looked clean and fresh compared to the raw wounds on the rest of his head .
tr	I	MEGAN : Well maybe if you listened to what I was for saying once you would understand .
tr	I	One day she was happy , the day next she was crying .
tr	O	Slowly but surely he made it a habit to take home papers and reports , specifications and data .
tr	O	Abbey wasn 't sure if it was dread or fatigue that caused her feet to drag through the retractable doors of the emergency room .
tr	I	One tug and body her slammed into his .
tr	O	A man chasing a woman who kept saying it was too late , he blew it .
tr	I	It had been decided that there probably was no need to flare his nostrils or build up his cheek bones after all .
tr	I	-- so hurt much .
tr	O	In his hand , the Apple exploded with the light of a bursting star .
tr	O	Her two charges would be safely away by now .
tr	O	The walls spun around me , and for a moment I forgot how to breathe .
tr	O	he asked , nudging me with his nose , exactly where I needed his mouth to be .
tr	I	He ran his hand down to my ass and I swatted away it .
tr	I	I reached for her hand and rubbed my thumb it against .
tr	I	' Well , what about new our friend here ? '
tr	O	The other violinist knew the piece too , and the bassist ran a very simple line , but he was dead steady on the time .
tr	O	Why would they kill the only man who could give it to them ?
tr	I	A little in padding the toe would fix the problem .
tr	I	And while she could compliment them for their stark attention detail to , she failed to muster any emotions from looking at their work .
tr	O	He slips the skin from the rabbit in one quick move .
tr	I	He me turns around and pats me down , looking for injuries .
tr	O	From that point on , Munro was counting on Elliot and Amy and their translation .
tr	O	The crowd erupted into a roar .
tr	I	I wished he 'd touch my again leg .
tr	I	A pair of descended footsteps the steps .
tr	I	His went mouth dry .
tr	O	One could have heard a pin drop for the pause that proceeded the fatal blow .
tr	O	She was his woman .
tr	O	Alicia tossed me a wilting look that she exacerbated with a perfectly disgusted scowl .
tr	O	He pretended to drink longer than he had been , then put the empty can down and let out a loud burp .
tr	O	She pressed it to her heart .
tr	I	Fine , he wanted to play this game , then she would meet point him for point .
tr	I	But then , her parents didn 't her understand feelings toward Josh , either .
tr	I	She 'd heard the familiar sounds of men working in orchards the .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure her heart would survive if she were about wrong him , about them .
tr	O	He placed his arm around Corrie 's waist .
tr	I	I closed my eyes , thinking of Savannah and Tim and hoping that somehow my dad would forgive me for what I was about to do .
tr	O	After a moment 's hesitation , he stood up and followed back through the narrow , candlelit corridor and up the stairs .
tr	O	Alexandra immediately clapped her hands together with excitement .
tr	I	Have you noticed how the so-called fairer sex can surprisingly be blood-thirsty ?
tr	I	I crossed the room and heaved open the heavy door front .
tr	O	You try to fall for other people , because maybe he 'll like you then .
tr	O	He liked that she took care of herself .
tr	O	I was so ashamed .
tr	I	I already feel one with phone this .
tr	I	But deck the was flat and featureless .
tr	O	The fortress is nothing but a large home with a small perimeter in that time .
tr	O	She turned and watched his profile .
tr	I	All of them ended with him taken being in by the DOD .
tr	O	She also had a slight murmur in her heart .
tr	I	He paused glanced and at Cara .
tr	I	Reaching to the floor behind him , he picked up two wrapped boxes and a beautiful long stemmed dark rose red .
tr	I	I miss my Dad , and car the was just one thing I was holding on too .
tr	I	I haven 't had a to chance be anybody yet .
tr	O	He didn 't like it at all .
tr	O	She disconnected from her voicemail , pressed the number two button , and held her breath .
tr	O	They would turn to the only survivor of Operation Uranus .
tr	I	I 'd grown so accustomed to it I that barely noticed anymore .
tr	I	Fascinated measure beyond , Wilbur took mentally picture after picture of the intricate construction of this light and sturdy design .
tr	I	He cuddled her spoon fashion slipped and his arm around her middle .
tr	O	Her shorts were torn and her hoodie was bloodied .
tr	O	Mom 's idea , not hers .
tr	I	Obviously it was he not who was mad - they had all heard the gibberish .
tr	O	Of course , thoughts of Sara were never far away , and his own pain from being deceived lanced through him .
tr	O	Through that hole Allie could see the back of Mary 's head .
tr	O	They positioned themselves behind various obstacles .
tr	O	The damned ship was not going to respond to his doubts .
tr	I	He raised up a bit answer to me .
tr	O	An army of past meals pressed its way toward him , ready to devour him in his turn .
tr	O	It 's an odd way to feel good about oneself , but I guess I 'm a bit of an odd girl .
tr	I	Several months after meeting Marcia for the first time , Henrietta had come home to the rather view crushing of the two of them on the couch .
tr	I	I 'm going have to to teach you the art of browsing .
tr	O	' Your band any good ? '
tr	O	It was no different from the others , save for the gilded door .
tr	I	Stood alone watching through the casement above the backward engine , her hands pressed into one another , stone cold shaking and .
tr	O	And Dylan had never once tried to deny his agreement with Phillips when he 'd shown up at her apartment that night .
tr	I	Her arm reaching up to push the against headboard .
tr	O	Jake knew how the trade was to work .
tr	I	A ... My friend gave me new a pair .
tr	I	There was no in warmth it .
tr	O	Logan 's gaze drifted out the window towards the sun .
tr	I	All I could think of was the asshat bartender who probably deserved more her than I did .
tr	O	He honestly didn 't care about anything , other than the intriguing woman who sat across from him .
tr	I	She began immediately blushing again when she realized he hadn 't finished .
tr	I	The Valkyrie glaring kept at me , but I was used to her temper .
tr	O	Annie certainly hadn 't shed any tears over the breakup of that marriage .
tr	O	Not too many can do as I do .
tr	I	He kissed lower , burying his nose and mouth in short my , springy curls , all the while his mouth sliding lower .
tr	O	Her skin was too tight , too hot .
tr	O	They rode the elevator up , Mackenzie 's arms crossed tight in front of her .
tr	O	Ashton is a good officer .
tr	O	It 's a standard revenge prank , sending poop wrapped as a confectionary item .
tr	O	She gave them a smile , but Mary thought it was perfunctory ; the woman looked both tired and unwell .
tr	I	Just me call Joann .
tr	O	He sat at his desk hitting the edge with his knobby knees , and spilled Coke on his crouch .
tr	O	Guy named Hulsey got away through what looked like an underground tunnel .
tr	O	There was a sound like bells , and the scent of flowers , though not roses .
tr	O	His hands caressed her narrow shoulders and back then released her intricate lace bra so that his lips brushed her upturned breasts before returning to her mouth .
tr	I	Why 't don you hang out with your friends ?
tr	O	We pride ourselves on our civility and enlightenment .
tr	O	Not even blatant flattery .
tr	I	It hurt would too much .
tr	O	She could feel him .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure her emotions had ever been than stronger a crush .
tr	I	Carmel smiled wickedly as she stood up and pushed aside Victoria .
tr	O	How do we know these chips will not malfunction ?
tr	O	She reached for the bag again and again he eluded her .
tr	O	Pieces of stone begin to chip off of his arm as the evil power seeps through his righteous fist .
tr	O	This is where we congregate , slump into upholstery , try to catch our breath .
tr	I	Do my reach arms farther , stronger than the king 's ?
tr	O	We believe the rail depot is also in jeopardy .
tr	O	I hesitated for a minute , then pushed the button to send the call to voicemail .
tr	I	Then she tells me that my family is gone and , as if she 's speaking my own thoughts , tells me I 'm all now alone .
tr	I	Zack clenched hands his into fists .
tr	I	Lily pressed another and button a fan dried us in moments .
tr	I	I would softly laugh and shake my head .
tr	O	She heard the distant call of the servants for her to wait , but she didn 't heed them one bit .
tr	I	The ceremonial come words to her , rolling around her head -- unstoppable as the oscillating tide .
tr	O	' Max tells me you 're spearheading a new project .
tr	I	To me , the fact that Dorrie and Walter were a couple meant that he completely was off limits .
tr	O	Yet one part of him still hung back , knowing that she would never be what she promised .
tr	O	I mean we , re talking cannibalism here .
tr	I	His Midwestern manners a were godsend in that evil corner of the world .
tr	O	Simon would return and life would go back to normal .
tr	O	The black wolf was no ordinary wolf , and not one of them wanted to follow it into the timber .
tr	O	I wracked my brains for some kind of plan , but nothing came .
tr	O	Everything would be okay .
tr	I	I take his bottom lip mine in , no longer able to contain myself .
tr	I	' We 're so not far away now .
tr	O	But Braden knew I loved him .
tr	I	Emotion trembled beneath words her .
tr	O	Logan immediately needs something -- anything .
tr	I	As sing I , I realize how much I miss him .
tr	I	I at point the paper .
tr	O	I got out , came around , and dragged her into my arms .
tr	O	We stopped at the next corner .
tr	O	It tasted like bitter sludge .
tr	O	She didn 't need fabulous red or maroon nails .
tr	O	I squeezed back , and I let go of the hurt .
tr	I	So many came questions to mind .
tr	O	My age , maybe a little younger .
tr	I	I slipped my hand from his grasp , ignoring his anxious gaze and approached altar the .
tr	O	I looked to Savanna who was really cracking up .
tr	I	' Stay here your with sister . '
tr	I	Daisy fumbled for the in chair front of the desk and sat down , clutching her bag to her .
tr	O	She lights up at the thought of bringing in that much money .
tr	I	I it get , okay ?
tr	I	Would a lie any work better ?
tr	O	Never mind the fact that I doubt he would welcome a murderess into his marriage bed .
tr	O	I nodded my head as I took the paint roller from her .
tr	O	After a while I realized that I didn 't even want it in the house .
tr	I	There were only about 200 people on the entire island , they and were very self-sufficient .
tr	I	Alexia 's brain said , Those are members of the Order the of Brass Octopus .
tr	I	It 's hard for me to it admit out loud .
tr	O	Sometimes she ended up with thin air as anticipated and other times a piece of mineral would manifest .
tr	I	He pulled a squat glass from a cabinet and splashed some brown liquid into it from what like looked an opaque beer bottle .
tr	O	I 'd keep myself awake by plotting for the next sleuthing expedition and trying not to make plans for revenge against my parent .
tr	I	Could find I the frequency on my own ?
tr	I	I gestured toward other the two .
tr	I	My father calls me to , sounding terrified .
tr	I	I push pockets through of people , making my way through the house .
tr	I	But those words sounded than better anything .
tr	O	I took a sip of the rum and coke in my hand and scanned the crowd .
tr	O	The only time they were still and quiet was at naptime .
tr	I	It has forever been .
tr	I	Toby 's eyes glazed over as he stuck his tongue in out pleasure .
tr	O	A hidden hand to hold the power after me . '
tr	I	Then all too soon she came to a cliff that overlooked the ocean below where the were brothers .
tr	I	I desperately wanted to get little a closer to him .
tr	O	Manuel set the vase on the counter .
tr	I	There was sudden pain where he held her and she looked down at his hands , watched as his bitten nails suddenly into grew talons .
tr	O	He was known to pose on occasion , but there was never dancing .
tr	O	It felt far away from changing .
tr	O	the frustration was still dominant in his voice .
tr	I	He at stared Ash madly , or so it seemed .
tr	O	Together they dressed the Princess Palatine .
tr	O	Silence pulsed thick around them .
tr	I	Burnett 't didn move , but his eyes glowed a bright yellow .
tr	O	I am sorry to hear about your Joe Martinez , but you are under arrest for drug smuggling and accessory to attempted murder .
tr	O	I feel uncomfortable , like I have shifted in my skin and it doesn 't quite fit anymore .
tr	I	Since that first night the on roof of the boarding house , I 've felt awkward around him .
tr	O	Of a home or family , he 'd never thought or considered until time for doing was past with all chances wasted .
tr	I	The color drained from her face , her lower trembled lip slightly as she took a small step back .
tr	O	The incense burned her eyes .
tr	O	One way or another , very soon it would all be over .
tr	I	He put it in neutral , and slowly pushed it to the end of his driveway , and through rode town at the speed of lightning .
tr	I	Also get some splicing connectors , and if you can find them , motion some detectors .
tr	I	She hated that look on his face handsome .
tr	I	My own mother was giving up me on .
tr	O	Olivia almost never cries , and she 's usually so together that I rarely have to comfort her .
tr	I	There a was pause , as though the person was deciding whether to speak .
tr	O	Nicolas slashed and the demon jumped back again , hitting the wall .
tr	I	It was indeed empty at the moment , but the child 's words seemed to whisper something at more .
tr	O	They gasped simultaneously , and then Lyon began thrusting , not nearly as gentle as he 'd been before .
tr	I	It the illuminated undercurrent of his humanity that lives in everyone , but is veiled by age .
tr	O	That we will do , but there it ends .
tr	O	Well , so was she .
tr	O	Kaylie walked around Danica and sat on the edge of the bed .
tr	I	What dreadful a thing .
tr	I	I you needed here .
tr	O	I push myself faster .
tr	O	This was always a cold and dreary job but it had to be done .
tr	O	He turns to me .
tr	I	Elizabeth stared at state the troopers gathered inside the garage .
tr	I	Either way , lying to her or information withholding wasn 't going to help my cause .
tr	O	She was impressed at Lindahl 's skill , almost to the point of accepting his arrogance .
tr	O	So what if it was early ?
tr	O	At one point he would have assumed the woman had been from that area .
tr	I	He saw the wonder on face my .
tr	O	See if you can find out where she is living now .
tr	I	She dismissed him turned and to his father and gave him a huge smile .
tr	O	I cannot live like this anymore .
tr	O	Getting Dad and Amy off my back wasn 't the only benefit to partaking in therapy , it actually helped .
tr	O	We were both silent for a moment and then burst into laughter .
tr	I	Ty gives me this knowing grin , then heads toward the room art .
tr	I	Chuck was enjoying the of memories his Aunt .
tr	O	I had to do everything from memory , because to the outside world he was the artist .
tr	I	Then she edged the towards door , which obligingly opened automatically , with a faint hiss of pneumatics .
tr	O	Matson didn 't have to wait long for more superlatives .
tr	O	This is a window of human origin .
tr	I	The of rest the day was a blur .
tr	I	The rest of the squad has gathered in a protective formation the around crew and us .
tr	I	She could it feel .
tr	O	And it was at that moment that Dagmar realized ... the captain of the guard would never find those assassins alive .
tr	I	They crashed back down from the land of milk honey and .
tr	I	Why did kiss he back ?
tr	O	It very likely could be the cops coming to arrest me for bashing Cain 's face in .
tr	I	His powerful strokes inside her body elicited a response couldn he 't mistake .
tr	I	At some point later in my babyhood I 'd another had bout .
tr	I	The fresh laundry scent of the German hotel 's shampoo up drifted , and he remembered that first kiss .
tr	O	In the weak light Jake spotted a small side door swinging slowly open .
tr	I	I 'm interested more in why he isn 't fazed at all by the death defying leap .
tr	O	You dropped three with your knives .
tr	O	Not one straggling wisp of hair was to be seen .
tr	I	Beth 's puckered brows as she saw his expression .
tr	I	It was just like Uncle Drac had come back to the cupboard broom .
tr	I	While Lucas was eager to abandon the bulky backpack in lieu of the saddlebags , Iris to preferred retain her satchel .
tr	O	I jumped back , tripping over his shoes .
tr	I	Timothy Hutchins is one individual such , whose brilliance knows no limits .
tr	O	I was like the definition of notorious ; famous but with negative connotations - very negative .
tr	O	Are they fugitives from the battle and trying to circle around and make it to their own lines , or are they on a mission ?
tr	O	Everything had to happen before the break , before someone came to check what was happening in the classroom .
tr	O	I wasn 't expecting much .
tr	O	And I guess he was .
tr	O	I admitted when the haze of red rage had receded from my vision .
tr	I	He turned the full brunt of his gaze icy on me .
tr	I	There was no way I could to admit snooping around in his desk .
tr	I	So to keep myself awake , I Grace left downstairs doing her homework in the dying light from the windows and went upstairs to see the studio .
tr	O	7 sloshed through the mud , hugging the shadows lest his white mask be spotted .
tr	I	Although the entire day had gone and by it was almost dusk , we still wore our only nightgowns and some sort of delicate slippers .
tr	I	But the thought of her uncle enjoying anything at more her expense churned her stomach nearly as much as thinking about her uncle and her past .
tr	I	To let go of the pain and guilt enough to admit that he to wants be happy .
tr	I	Hud Rake looks forward to day picking .
tr	O	She took an abrupt step backward .
tr	I	It was a battle conquest for and air .
tr	I	Immediately she knew what the network were offices going to think .
tr	O	Use the crosswalk next time .
tr	O	I shake my head slow and solemnly .
tr	I	Still , he backed away to the rejoin pack .
tr	I	He growled low in his throat he as saw his father joining him .
tr	I	I not 'm going to let him bluff me .
tr	O	I don 't think that will work .
tr	O	And the older man reached out to give him a little hug on the shoulder as they turned toward Circular Quay .
tr	I	He 't hadn used protection .
tr	I	She worked hard and sometimes she didn 't to pause eat , so she was a little too thin .
tr	I	With that , he walks from away the podium , motioning Driver to follow him .
tr	I	She pursed her like lips she honestly expected me to hold back on her .
tr	I	Susannah sighed heavily , disappointed in her daughter 's fascination Troy with .
tr	I	The fell group silent .
tr	I	Everyone thought would it be the end of the match , but the bell started to ring and the referee got between them .
tr	O	From her seated position , Amelia looked around .
tr	I	He at glanced it , and then handed it back , looking at me expectantly .
tr	O	She needed a clear head to absorb the surfeit of information he was imparting to her .
tr	I	They wanted me to join the battle , I but could not .
tr	O	The waitress arrived at that moment and Rachel was doubly irritated that it was the same woman who had been acting as the hostess .
tr	I	Keke and Lila had been fighting day all .
tr	I	Earlier they hadn 't on focused it as a threat .
tr	I	Which I ... wasn 't .
tr	I	The boy timidly came forward , by followed his parents and the other tourists .
tr	O	He was a recognised player : a success .
tr	I	With every crashing he wave felt the blood in his veins race , as his heart synchronised itself with the ocean .
tr	I	I thought we that we had the best and men we would have the best equipment .
tr	O	She had to type her name three times for it to work .
tr	I	And of because that , his course was clear .
tr	O	Scott just shook his head with an exasperated look on his face .
tr	I	I 'd fallen a little behind on my mortgage before I 'd lost my job , to thanks the added burden of keeping up Mom 's place .
tr	I	Nikolas around looked the room .
tr	O	Cliff knew the meaning of honor and decency .
tr	O	Something strangely melancholy shot through her expression at her father 's words , but she recovered herself admirably .
tr	O	I asked as we continued up the steps .
tr	I	Kate made her way down the corridor and checked out herself in the reflective mirrors .
tr	I	He stops eating and at looks me .
tr	I	She shook head her .
tr	O	There was nothing left to do but blurt it out .
tr	I	When Karl was young , his drunkard father beat and him his mother .
tr	O	She managed to free her arms and she tried pushing on his shoulders while making little whimpering sounds , but that only fueled Jamie 's ardor .
tr	I	Not the at memory of his aggressive lovemaking .
tr	I	I would in no want way to trespass on your hospitality for more than a few days . '
tr	O	Charlie decided to make one last ditch effort to get everyone together before Amy left Maryland .
tr	O	Anger caused the urge to explode in him .
tr	O	The effect was almost professorial , and quite unexpected .
tr	O	Call her names and try to make her feel guilty .
tr	I	A new peace treaty was written and signed that allowed for trade safe and travel among the two realms .
tr	I	Bring me what need I .
tr	O	The sinkhole was a rounded , irregular crater in the desert , as if a giant shovel had scooped up a load of dirt .
tr	I	He finally moved here Nate when accepted the position at UNO and decided to start taking his life seriously .
tr	I	How curious the that compliment didn 't please him .
tr	I	And judging from his photo Facebook , he finally grew into his teeth .
tr	O	I racked my brains in panic , trying to remember what I 'd ever decided to get her for graduation that she might have seen .
tr	O	I groped around until I found the flashlight , and light flooded a long tunnel that curved out of sight .
tr	I	He at looked her pointedly .
tr	I	It hadn 't occurred to her to be over nervous the king 's visit or his tribute to her .
tr	O	There is an inordinate amount of high-fiving going on .
tr	O	I looked at Evan , unsure of what to do .
tr	O	I put my hands up to block her from coming at me , but she was impossibly strong and fast .
tr	O	He raided the refrigerator or borrowed Xbox games .
tr	I	And a were few tests she 'd insisted upon .
tr	I	She must run have out of the house in a panic .
tr	I	She curled her lip as she the watched waves roll against the white shore .
tr	I	' I 've got an assistant me with .
tr	I	Kane : When I look in the mirror , I wonder how I ever thought she could choose this face as the face one for her .
tr	O	Pastor Billings picked up the story from there .
tr	I	I 't can imagine how !
tr	I	One kid , out of the whole class , came walking over grabbed and my hand .
tr	O	I wouldn 't want that on a normal day .
tr	O	He knew it was for his own good , but there was no hiding from the burning guilt inside him .
tr	I	They did appear not to be any happier about their synchronicity this time than they had during their previous argument .
tr	I	I whipped head my around and glared .
tr	O	If Riva and I were to marry , it 'd form a very interesting alliance . '
tr	O	The producers would cut any answers that were not deemed appropriate .
tr	I	I was glad to found have a friend .
tr	O	I know how wrong it is ... Just even the thought of it can get me terminated .
tr	I	You not will be going anywhere until the morning .
tr	I	She draped herself over his chest and kissed right his nipple .
tr	I	That ridiculous 's , how could he survive that ? '
tr	O	There were so many strange things in this new world of his , and this was just one more odd thing to add to the list .
tr	O	He left a note for Bob , explaining the situation , and walked back into town .
tr	O	And children were still disappearing .
tr	I	She smiled at me again touched and my arm .
tr	O	Aria stifled a giggle .
tr	O	It sounded young and innocent , and at that , Angie felt a catch in her chest .
tr	O	She waited for guarantees in a world with none .
tr	O	This was a bad idea .
tr	O	She stood up , watched the color of his eyes change as he drew a hand through his hair .
tr	I	I 'll have to deal with them sooner I than planned .
tr	O	Even though I would not be returning to the MDT chamber , would I see it again -- whatever it was ?
tr	I	Rob shows me few a more of their inventions .
tr	I	He wanted me to join him in the moment and the moment was there all was .
tr	I	And there was no she question 'd been through a lot .
tr	O	I 'd been expecting someone to join me in the library .
tr	O	They 're going to flunk you .
tr	I	My arms lifted away my from body while she glued herself to it .
tr	I	How many had families the Assassins destroyed ?
tr	O	Holiday nodded her head to Kylie .
tr	I	Kali looked at him expectantly and wondered what she else was doing wrong .
tr	I	David smiled and shook slowly his head .
tr	O	The center glowed , surrounding me with soft blue light .
tr	O	Toby felt his skin prickle .
tr	O	The blush only seemed to amuse him , and he gave me a crooked smirk , knowing that he had flustered me .
tr	O	I can 't stand the thought of either .
tr	I	He was already pulling back her into his arms as he did so , successfully removing her from the captain 's grip .
tr	I	She did not wait a for response .
tr	O	He moves so fast .
tr	I	Dylan dropped hand his from Mike 's back and sighed .
tr	I	He retrieved his and sombrero rose .
tr	I	You have should run .
tr	O	He drew in a deep breath and returned it into the night .
tr	O	A few caught her attention because of their obvious age but she could not recognize any of the titles .
tr	O	Plus I have a brother who is just as good as I am .
tr	O	Jane turned toward the sound .
tr	O	That 's all the man who 'd conceived me had left me with .
tr	I	He must one be of those boyfriends who constantly ask you what you 're thinking .
tr	O	Neither of us were able to move .
tr	O	Then he slowly opened the front door and stepped into the grand foyer .
tr	I	It seemed so rational , so calm those ants were , so reasonable one to another , so normal .
tr	O	She would hate herself if she said them .
tr	I	This my is life .
tr	I	Alex she hoped looked slightly ill at the thought of it .
tr	O	Curious , she inserted the port into her computer .
tr	I	Like he 'd really have a choice , thought Roger to himself but kept his mouth shut .
tr	O	Why would he have agreed to meet a source in the middle of an empty park , after dark , without a guard ?
tr	O	Ethan took the scrap of paper out of his back pocket , unfolded it , and leaned into the microphone .
tr	I	After hearing that , Lea started to follow Alonso , who was heading the towards stairs near the office .
tr	I	Did mess she with her mind ?
tr	I	She to decided burn all that shit .
tr	O	They had left the barren , brown soil and entered into the land of firs , spruce , and quaking aspens .
tr	O	In spite of everything , he hadn 't been able to contemplate sending her to prison .
tr	I	I stared the out window and didn 't look at him once .
tr	I	Normally we like to hear stories full all of action and excitement .
tr	O	He 'd sworn at the time that Cosette was the best , and he 'd been right .
tr	I	' Yeah , we not 're risking ... ' Dane held his tongue .
tr	I	The her reason mother was dead in this cave .
tr	I	And I one hope day you 'll tell me yours , but it doesn 't need to be today .
tr	I	If killed you a rogue , the Pack that rogue last came from paid a hefty reward .
tr	I	The guard tall 's face was wrinkled with anger .
tr	I	A part of her felt born again , as if she been 'd baptized by her own tears .
tr	I	I the was prophetic whisper of doom he swatted away but which returned in a swarm to buzz endlessly in his paranoid mind .
tr	I	Just because she was with here Finn didn 't mean she had to relive that part of her life .
tr	I	And he wanted to sure make she was really alright .
tr	I	He opened eyes his .
tr	O	His gaze flew over them .
tr	I	My hands slid down the door frantically to find a to way open it .
tr	O	I stood on my tiptoes , but let him come to me .
tr	O	It seemed to have been made of snow , three balls of snow piled on one another .
tr	O	You might as well go with the flow for now .
tr	I	He was too distracted to think of turning on radio the .
tr	O	I don 't even hear a word out of Henry 's mouth until he says this .
tr	O	It will probably disappear the moment you say its name .
tr	O	He knows why he should let me .
tr	O	Some tried to hide here .
tr	I	Finally , the lock clicked and the opened door .
tr	O	What ever will happen to her when Lady Hutchinson finds out ?
tr	O	Behind me , Romy made a snuffling noise in her sleep and turned over .
tr	O	They acknowledged each other or didn 't -- their alternate personalities conversing and doing ... whatever it was they did .
tr	O	The elderly man shouted in a twisted , maniacal voice .
tr	O	Always more people coming to Mordor .
tr	I	Azalea couldn 't hide her excitement well enough as she watched her cousin interact her with new friends .
tr	O	She looked for the lie in Linda 's face but couldn 't find it .
tr	O	Reconnecting with his body sent a tremor running through him , and for a moment his legs shook .
tr	O	Jacques shook his head in warning when Eric would have spoken , would have tried to defend the woman .
tr	I	John Paul noticed Markman 's stare interrupted and the moment .
tr	O	According to Donald , they say they threatened the Governor with blackmail .
tr	O	I twisted my head to the side too tired to hold it up to see his expression .
tr	O	But no fear rested in Eleanor 's eyes .
tr	O	He wouldn 't care about me now .
tr	I	One was cracked in half prior to where it began form to a spiral .
tr	I	His skin grew around the blade , then and it would move again .
tr	I	I took my right glove off , and now I barely could grip it from the cold .
tr	I	Some said it was the greatest ever meeting .
tr	I	A shield all blocks supernatural powers .
tr	O	Colton stepped forward hesitantly .
tr	O	She gave him a shaky smile of thanks .
tr	I	Olivia was the first to the break silence by making gurgling noises and grabbing at Kate 's nose .
tr	I	Her began hand to stray towards her right hip .
tr	I	I shook head my .
tr	O	Cooper was working the smoking barbeque .
tr	I	To Henry it looked like a chameleon he had at seen the pet store grown to man sized proportions sitting in a desk chair .
tr	I	Lydia glanced at sky the , then into the trees .
tr	I	We meet each other halfway and runs she a finger down the scars on my neck .
tr	O	The name was probably of German origin .
tr	O	Darcy jumped and knocked her aching arm against her computer monitor , then grimaced in pain .
tr	I	She looked at me in disappointment and away walked quickly .
tr	I	Gagging , she drove knee her into his crotch as hard as she could .
tr	I	Anyway , she 's she ... 's trying to loosen what she thinks is an unhealthy interest in certain aspects of his heritage .
tr	I	Ian shook his head , tears suddenly blinding eyes his as he remembered .
tr	O	But this story much prefers irony over tragedy , so this was when fate intervened to turn things around for this poor kid .
tr	I	The man wanted I to be .
tr	I	Andra pulled out the other gold dagger and set her legs firmly , she was to ready back up her words with action if necessary .
tr	I	If you use them in McDonald 's though , you 'll get lot a of strange looks .
tr	O	I was being just like Zane , only I didn 't yet have the girl .
tr	O	I 'd left it open a crack because I knew he 'd come up .
tr	I	He nods but I can 't that accept .
tr	O	Within a few minutes they were back on the trail with Richard leading the way .
tr	I	I mechanically reach over and slip my fingers over a strand his of hair , then pull my hand up to inspect it .
tr	O	Confident once more , she glided down to the base of the ramp .
tr	I	It 's best to keep away well . '
tr	I	I kept watching the speedometer , and reminding when Angus he went over seventy .
tr	O	I still get goose bumps when I ponder this .
tr	I	Not his lack of actual vision ... .
tr	O	Instead , I was in the winter wonderland from hell .
tr	O	She 'll explain how the poor child got dragged into the Next World by a monster , and she brought her back .
tr	O	Shivering , she tugged her jacket tight at the collar .
tr	O	His voice was deep and smooth .
tr	I	All I cared about was being with him , and I finally could be ... now for .
tr	O	She nodded and the two of them stood facing each other , holding each other 's hands .
tr	I	' All I know is what saw I .
tr	I	Xavier pulling me close the in kitchen , laughing out loud .
tr	O	Both men nodded their heads contemplating the words that had to be spoken before they could be understood .
tr	O	Stu was already standing by the car , ready to speed them the few blocks to the hospital where they were pre-registered .
tr	O	I help Dante into the passenger 's seat and he still seems pale to me .
tr	O	He wasn 't even sure how she 'd finally convinced him in the end , but here she was .
tr	O	April patted her rounded stomach .
tr	O	He 'd been fit and healthy until that morning .
tr	O	Elise also had long talks with many people who wished to make a statement at the service .
tr	I	Kate didn know 't the answer to that .
tr	O	I lifted her left leg and laid it over my shoulder , then let my rhythm build .
tr	I	Soon she would be his all .
tr	O	He tripped slightly , caught his balance , and found himself on solid ground .
tr	I	All of a a sudden blast of energy knocked her backward .
tr	I	We found dozen a small crosses over here , but there 's nothing written on them .
tr	O	Who really cares what x plus y equals ?
tr	I	I almost lost in it there .
tr	O	When it spots us , it squeals with fear and bounds away .
tr	I	I ran down the dank subway stairs , my clutched papers firmly in my hand as my train pulled in .
tr	O	Fifteen , in the end there were fifteen of them .
tr	I	Tossing the onto phone his desk , Sean turned to the window again .
tr	I	She just stomped off and went to help Barry get the out sacks of the van .
tr	O	Those things won 't get hold of you again as long as I 'm around .
tr	O	That 's why they sent me the money .
tr	I	Damn , when he 'd told Vivian he wouldn 't mind if her woke children him early , he hadn 't been referring to predawn hours .
tr	O	The question startled her enough that she lifted her head from his shoulder .
tr	I	After about ten stabs , was he able to launch the knife away from my hand and knock me backwards .
tr	O	The door crashed open , police dashing in to us with Charlotte and Ron , and some others .
tr	I	This room shielded is .
tr	I	he screamed out with mind his .
tr	O	There 's a wet t-shirt in an evidence bag , the logo of his favorite show visible through the label .
tr	O	I hoped that would put an end to his questions .
tr	I	I 'm glad you know now , kind of lets a stress little off the old shoulders .
tr	O	The men at my sides used the momentum to force me downward in a rehearsed fashion .
tr	O	He 's teasing me .
tr	I	If the townsfolk were up and about , very few would notice or to talk strangers .
tr	O	When New Burlington was just a speck , we turned to each other and embraced .
tr	I	Charles gives shoulder my a squeeze and then releases me .
tr	I	Aria at looked her friends nervously .
tr	I	I noticed his snakeskin cowboy boots when he walked up to me in the area reception .
tr	I	' Why ... why aren 't you a wearing mask ? '
tr	I	She eyed young the man suspiciously , making no move to exit the water .
tr	O	She 'd take climbing a solid wall of granite over mincing about on slippery riverbeds any day .
tr	O	You can 't see that bit for the mists .
tr	I	He 't didn seem to notice I was even in the room with him as he recounted his wife 's cheating and then leaving him .
tr	I	Her eyes popped open and her hand as froze she registered his penetration .
tr	O	When you 're in enemy territory , you can 't just sleep in beds .
tr	I	Mr. Thompson and Born a shared skeptical look .
tr	I	Her was heart thudding with slow , sickening power against her ribs .
tr	O	The wording could not have been more concise .
tr	O	The beast wasn 't Meatloaf anymore .
tr	O	I tossed him the pad , and he caught it awkwardly .
tr	I	Mike started the engine and pulled of out the parking lot .
tr	O	Most of the men were gritting their teeth .
tr	I	It years took before Diggs let me read the story he 'd written about that afternoon .
tr	O	K used the peephole in the door for the first time .
tr	O	As it turned out , Melanie didn 't have the flu ; she had septicemia , the illness that had killed Dallas .
tr	I	He did me a solid and he 'll rub probably my face in it later .
tr	I	The furniture of the room began to shake , books and papers flying about as seemed Alastor to swell .
tr	I	He groaned , and she up looked at his face to see undisguised agony twisting his features .
tr	O	And he asked me if I could wait ten minutes while he showered and changed .
tr	O	I thought about dragging a sweater out of my bag , but honestly couldn 't be bothered .
tr	O	Adele gave Sali a hug when he walked into the kitchen with Ashe .
tr	I	Janelle her let voice rise .
tr	I	She suddenly saw Thayer with his girlfriend sitting a on big rock .
tr	I	I wonder what I saw ever in him .
tr	I	Victory was assured the before first boot touched sand .
tr	O	I 'm afraid it makes me sick with jealousy .
tr	O	She stared down at him , and Dean could see the tears in her eyes .
tr	O	The hallway stretched on interminably .
tr	I	The bite Ali had just swallowed back rose up her throat .
tr	I	I around joke with him .
tr	O	Mira imagined the many stares that would follow her if she left now in the celebrity of this brief disturbance , and she shivered a little .
tr	O	The neighborhood appreciated small business owners , and cultivated long-term relationships between businesses and the community .
tr	O	Ted could see that Melody really was sorry and he regretted having been so hard on her .
tr	I	My all teammates started calling me White Rabbit .
tr	O	As she walked over to Eloise 's crib , Devlin looked her up and down .
tr	I	I was starting feel to nauseated .
tr	I	But was there no confusion on his face at all .
tr	O	She glanced across the room .
tr	I	Enough of a grain of truth there make to her think for a moment .
tr	I	Ali 's diary buried was precisely in the middle , just as it had been yesterday .
tr	O	Garfield 's upper body flexed as he picked up the steel cannonball and set it into the muzzle .
tr	I	Most were in countries that 't wouldn cooperate with the United States in an investigation , primarily in Eastern Europe .
tr	O	Matt looked over at Gretchen .
tr	I	Was he going to me kiss ?
tr	O	The briefcases and luggage were loaded quickly onto the plane , and within minutes they were cleared for takeoff .
tr	O	And Rex knew he would survive .
tr	O	The sun is so bright that it makes them water .
tr	O	I opened my mouth to suggest my mechanic , and then snapped it shut again .
tr	O	Once again she wore her defensive cloak of awareness from their past fights .
tr	O	Even before resuming work on my dissertation , I used to spend time by its tall windows over a random book .
tr	O	Someone had to use that washer and dryer downstairs ... Why not him ?
tr	O	We watched her as she walked off towards the gate nearest the Underground station .
tr	O	Apparently we can 't both look respectable .
tr	O	She won 't remember any of the horrible stuff she 's been through .
tr	I	Mase got into the 's driver seat .
tr	O	Must keep - He froze .
tr	I	It could 've been anyone , aren you 't all that special .
tr	I	Two thoughts came to mind ; was the salad made from real tuna or was it unknown some animal meat ?
tr	I	Trevor the knows details .
tr	O	I guide her to the side and help her turn so she 's hunched over on her hands and knees .
tr	I	Luckily , one of the happened teachers to come by .
tr	I	I guess not wants everyone babies .
tr	I	To it put simply , I don 't handle relationships well .
tr	O	But he couldn 't hold what she 'd said in the past against her .
tr	I	She had opened the book and a warm breeze had swept her across .
tr	I	Then she realized she was doing again it .
tr	O	Fire dances around her in a perfect circle , taunting both Logan and me because we can 't reach her .
tr	O	We will not be able to trust all of them .
tr	O	Sheree turned onto her side , her eyes widening in alarm at the realization that he was really there and not a figment of her imagination .
tr	I	After all of the candidates had introduced been , Amber reclaimed the microphone .
tr	I	Of I course have .
tr	I	Especially if he was already on his way to spread rumors about her , the most likely being she that had come on to him .
tr	O	Eva sighed and let her fingers fall from her computer keyboard .
tr	I	We followed Riley into house the .
tr	O	He 's quiet for a while .
tr	I	The big man faced Nate and spit out a of glob jelly the size of a golf ball .
tr	O	It really doesn 't matter if these wolves know what we are at this point .
tr	O	I know a place on Lincoln Road .
tr	I	She gave him a smile rueful .
tr	I	Vincent midair hovered above the coffin , those amber eyes as cool as she remembered .
tr	O	He noticed the huge sledge hammer embedded in its claws .
tr	I	A laugh hysterical bubbled from her .
tr	I	Perceiving it to a be person , he continued forward carefully .
tr	O	As the anger made its way to Nicole , black sludge began to ooze out of the corners of her eyes , like tears of oil .
tr	I	She couldn 't kiss Sean long , however , because the family was all them over .
tr	O	The rooms were generously spaced out , as they were made to entertain paying clients not actually keep individuals as prisoners .
tr	I	Chapter Twelve Understanding The I woke up and pretty much saw nothing but the wide expanse of Lucien 's smooth , defined chest .
tr	O	We never did eat that soup .
tr	I	He pointed the to mound about ten feet to the left .
tr	I	That had been a bone of since contention she took her office to the basement .
tr	I	Although she 'd lost several pounds , she be must having difficulty finding things that fit her , he realized .
tr	O	Of course , this is only after you already asked me to go kayaking with you .
tr	I	Everyone from school and the half town went .
tr	O	Or , worse , like he doesn 't want to .
tr	O	Trevor was a great person inside and out .
tr	I	Anger swept through him and he 'd barely opened his mouth Melanie when spoke before him in a rush .
tr	O	Examining the box he read : W. A. Mozart , Symphony 40 in G mol .
tr	O	It 's a tiny toilet that smells a little like recent vomit .
tr	O	I could only shake my head at him when he smacked my cheek with a tear soaked kiss .
tr	I	If it the was baron she had been after , he added .
tr	I	His hair was matted , his and clothes looked like they 'd been on his back for more than a few days .
tr	O	I feel the energy through his hands and know he is trying to heal me .
tr	I	He was belligerent a drunk .
tr	O	He closed the door behind us and then flopped down on his bed with a sigh .
tr	I	It was the beautiful most thing I 'd ever seen .
tr	O	A deep chuckle comes from Jeremy .
tr	O	Slowly , I pulled down his zipper , and the sound alone made a moan rise in my throat .
tr	O	Dylan nearly chocked on the water he 'd just swallowed .
tr	I	If this was the typical breakfast crowd , I wasn 't sure place the was covering its costs .
tr	I	' Must take interest an .
tr	O	With a quick look , he saw that Ty wasn 't paying him any attention .
tr	O	Confronted by a cluster of coordinated prey , these predators were stymied .
tr	I	My ears as pricked he answered .
tr	O	She should panic , she should fight ... and yet , she knew he would not hurt her .
tr	O	Now , I see how lucky we truly are with what we have .
tr	O	Literally surrounded by robots .
tr	I	Her heart was fluttering enough wildly as it was .
tr	O	But it was still the closest we had been in three months .
tr	I	Wishing the band the best of luck promised Ian to maintain their poster and T-shirt arrangement .
tr	I	I glanced over the immediate vicinity , but I saw other no trace .
tr	O	He barely remembered collapsing beneath her on the couch , or her falling over him .
tr	O	He 's still there , still whole and healthy , my offering to those from whom I stole .
tr	I	I didn 't mean to you upset .
tr	O	Her lower lip was split and her nose was crooked .
tr	O	As he left the room , he saw a reluctant child crawling under the bedclothes and put his head on his pillow .
tr	I	But that incident at the cabin , when you could 've hurt been much worse than you were , is making me rethink my approach .
tr	O	He hurried and grabbed the phone , terminating the call .
tr	I	Dan passed ball the to Kevin .
tr	O	But it was too late .
tr	I	But the shocker real was the tell sign .
tr	I	I scan rest the of the suspects .
tr	I	Whatever the case , Canute felt as if it his was responsibility to fill the silence .
tr	O	Automatic writing is still new to me .
tr	O	A lightning flash brighter than most others -- millions of volts of electricity -- struck a nearby hill .
tr	I	The man didn 't lead the team because he stupid was .
tr	I	Tynan blinked for a moment , as if he hadn 't expected question the , and it took him a second to catch up .
tr	I	He felt my tears on his stomach , I know he did from the way he gripped shoulder my .
tr	I	Levi put an arm around Allie and she into leaned his side .
tr	I	She wanted to ask him , but his quiet , even breathing told her that he had gone already to sleep , worn out from the day .
tr	I	Prologue gun The pressed into the center of Claire Kramer 's forehead .
tr	I	But she would surely have me let know .
tr	I	He then slid out of the Car and slammed the shut door .
tr	O	Two months went by and I found I was happy .
tr	I	He his closed eyes , and an all-too-familiar face appeared in his mind .
tr	I	Not that he really was sure what he was looking for , but it made him feel a little safer when nothing appeared out of place .
tr	O	Maria declined and they both sat .
tr	I	She was silent again , though she nodding kept .
tr	O	He pushed himself to his feet and held down a hand for her .
tr	I	What say we jump off that when bridge we come to it ? '
tr	I	I can 't in stay Tennessee with you , but you could come and be with me .
tr	O	They 're going to take care of you like I am .
tr	O	Surreal did as she was told .
tr	I	When I went to stay with him , he asked me for something my of father 's to make the tracking easier .
tr	O	But I 'd like to find out .
tr	I	Ali looked up and cut off Brad .
tr	I	She nodded and grabbed the handle door , but her fingers slipped off .
tr	I	Bobby nodded , went with out the two empty plates .
tr	O	Kim figured most prominently in the photographs .
tr	O	He was one of those men who couldn 't look you in the eye .
tr	I	The house empty was .
tr	I	He turned and began through back the ballroom .
tr	I	So we surrendered all to them and they gave us conditions before they could keep us alive .
tr	I	Taking a deep breath , I turned back Abbot to .
tr	O	She only sighed , glancing at her assistant , and dearest friend over her shoulder .
tr	O	Shortly before midnight , she called up the grant lists on her office terminal .
tr	O	With the stroke , though , it is going to take her a while to recover .
tr	I	Cal chose that moment to protective get .
tr	O	I wanted to hold her close to me and let her warmth sink into me so that I no longer felt cold and lonely .
tr	O	But Izzy saw things differently .
tr	O	With a frown his fingers shifted to the fangs that suddenly throbbed at the distant scent of human blood .
tr	I	After careful examination , he placed the around fang his neck .
tr	I	I would be too if I knew I was going get to my way .
tr	O	Little tufts of fur caught fire wherever the chain touched .
tr	I	An eternity passed before Bennett a took breath , but I immediately grieved the loss of his tongue .
tr	O	This chandelier was damned near spectacular .
tr	O	Then suddenly , I heard someone laughing in the distance .
tr	O	Owen There was no one in the church except those who mattered to us .
tr	I	Never go letting of my hand , Rock knelt down .
tr	I	Ironically the climbing maneuver has separated the boys the from girls .
tr	I	We cannot profitability take casually .
tr	O	That combined with an overactive imagination and a general lack of quality sleep proved to be a bad combination .
tr	I	I think 're you being too soft on her . '
tr	I	Two days of having vision her back .
tr	I	It 's only afterwards you get to see just what kind of ruins you 've made of out your sanctuary .
tr	O	she asked gently , taking a damp cloth and wiping the perspiration form the woman 's face .
tr	I	Thank you making for these books possible !
tr	I	Hardly any protection a against man .
tr	O	His idea is to eject a space shuttle from the rear cargo doors of this failed C-5 frame and send it into space .
tr	O	The moment Ursula spotted her , Prue was whisked away to another room .
tr	O	They weren 't then like they are now .
tr	O	I 'm testing an app for my friend who 's a programming wizard .
tr	I	While I 'm working on this , could you have a look around and see if can you find another receiver ?
tr	O	I 'm being recruited to a police department in Oregon .
tr	I	The only nuisance frequently was hitting her elbow on the shower when moving around too quickly .
tr	I	I don 't know why I feel we like need privacy to do this .
tr	O	You 're not ready for this .
tr	O	Caleb indicated Nick with his thumb .
tr	I	Sean gave the glass to the waitress , urging to her fill it .
tr	O	The tires on her old jeep are way past due for a blow-out .
tr	O	Working her evil magic on us she never in truth wanted to help us - only to rob us of everything and anything we had .
tr	O	Simon stroked Isabelle 's hair , feeling her lashes flutter against his neck as she closed her eyes .
tr	O	Boggs was born with the split lip , gaping nose slit and stump feet characteristic of his father 's family .
tr	I	A flitted smile over his face .
tr	O	She had not taken any food , only a cup of tea , and even that sat untouched before her .
tr	O	You are not like the others .
tr	O	No wonder Kat loves this kid .
tr	O	Luke looked at her sideways .
tr	O	Nicolae rugged on her hand until she began walking along the street with him .
tr	I	But I had the hardest job , for it fell to me speak to the right words in saying good-bye .
tr	O	He shouted out at the young man .
tr	I	Savannah silently watched him as he headed toward the of center the room .
tr	I	I know Will would have had the same reaction did I -- a cold chill down my back .
tr	I	His head lulled toward hers , his right eye opened a as crack he tried to focus on her .
tr	O	After that , it seemed to be a mass exodus until there was no one left in the living room except me and Brodie .
tr	I	The rest of us returned the to fire .
tr	O	Accepting their new duties and embracing their new life , Kristen and Devin worked hard to support each other in this new venture .
tr	O	The shrill ring of his mobile phone pulled Nick out of his daydream .
tr	I	Hardly had war the finished than the decorators were in and two months later everything was ready for the furniture .
tr	O	Becky tried to hold her skirt down , but she was fighting against the wind .
tr	O	The bottom part of it was torn right before I was imprisoned here and right after Beelzebub took his fiery plunge .
tr	I	Rain lashed his face from an overcast sky , the lit night only by torches and watch fires from below .
tr	I	And I mailed 've you a letter .
tr	O	He had wondered if she 'd spotted him several times during the short bus trip there .
tr	I	Ken leapt back and fired two large blasts , taking Silver to the sky to avoid them .
tr	I	Sometimes it was hard to know when he being was serious .
tr	I	Vicious little jabbed pincers through the plastic , searching eagerly for prey .
tr	I	I asked , bouncing around him and desperately trying to take peek a .
tr	O	NEVER SAY DIE The following is a short story I recently wrote in anticipation of a screenplay I will be working on this summer .
tr	O	He sighed with disdain .
tr	O	And then there was dead silence .
tr	I	Who cared what thought Jason ?
tr	O	This wasn 't Whitney 's idea .
tr	O	Brad and I made several attempts to find a safe topic of conversation , but apparently there was none .
tr	I	But is nothing certain .
tr	O	He figured she was making sure that the rest of them , who did not see the hall , was not lost .
tr	I	A car goes alarm off in the distance , taking up the slack for the rest of the world .
tr	O	' Can he get discounts ? '
tr	O	He couldn 't stop .
tr	O	The one she 'd stood up at the altar with , promised her love and fidelity to .
tr	O	I asked , changing the subject before we got into treaties that were good as long as the sun shone and the rivers ran .
tr	I	He demanded when still she silent remained .
tr	I	The artist was forgotten long , but his or her craftsmanship lived on .
tr	O	Hades eyed me from his periphery .
tr	O	He pointed at the porch .
tr	I	He took a deep , calming breath both for of them , holding on to his control while he fought down madness .
tr	I	Shaken , I gave him a glance sidelong .
tr	O	Clay took a deep breath , and hoped the photographer made quick work behind the lens .
tr	O	Her eyes were dry and she would have to sleep soon , simply have to , but she couldn 't now .
tr	I	She still lives in Moscow , and she had caught taking me pictures of her house .
tr	O	She had to in this profession , especially as a young woman .
tr	I	It 's the sort of place I 'd love to go to myself , and I 'd have it thought would appeal to a more sophisticated clientele .
tr	I	His mouth covered hers , pushing away all other the arguments she was going to make which would give her the strength to push him away .
tr	I	Sheen took bite another of his doughnut and swallowed .
tr	I	All of the kids loved each other , but Emily Jennifer and had really hit it off .
tr	I	He gave mocking a sneer .
tr	I	' It was towards the end of year last .
tr	I	Instinctively took she a step back .
tr	O	He went on to explain how the compound is supposed to calm the individual with absolutely no side effects .
tr	I	Not a by long shot , he told himself .
tr	I	Her mother had had always a slim figure , but now she almost looked emaciated .
tr	I	She screamed she as vanished from sight .
tr	O	When it was completed , it was twenty inches long and very sharp ... it was a fine weapon , as well as an effective tool .
tr	I	It just swerved really quickly my into lane .
tr	I	The scent her reminded of orange blossoms .
tr	O	All I do is work and go home to an empty bed .
tr	O	His mouth hung open when he saw the stash .
tr	I	There are people who make a choice , to defend those who can 't themselves defend .
tr	O	Reluctantly I exit the safety of my own bedroom and head out into the hall .
tr	O	There was nothing that could cover it up or blot it out .
tr	O	It wasn 't like I completely stopped going to church .
tr	O	I took another deep breath , feeling the dizziness pass .
tr	I	Not only was he a jerk , he but caught me watching him .
tr	O	Because I thought you two should know that I was about to say it .
tr	O	He had an angry red spot in the middle of his forehead like a bloodshot third eye .
tr	I	His Fiat was tucked on away a side street in a fine parking space , one he was reluctant to relinquish .
tr	I	The 's sister amazement knew no bounds .
tr	O	He couldn 't miss it through the sheer red fabric of his briefs .
tr	I	Janie wasn 't sure so .
tr	I	Soon , belly her tightened , her sex clenched , and her sounds intensified .
tr	O	Natalie called and lunged ; grabbing the hem of his jacket and yanking him backwards .
tr	O	I order an ice tea and a cinnamon scroll , while she has a latte and a chocolate brownie .
tr	I	I am lying on blanket a outside the hovel .
tr	O	That last went to Lucia , who was standing , staring in bemusement .
tr	I	She died about five years right ago after Dad died from cancer .
tr	O	She struggled to keep pace with him , but soon the weight of the wings winded her .
tr	I	She grabbed the overhead bar her in one good arm and hauled her body upward until she was sitting up .
tr	O	Aeron is stronger than you .
tr	O	I don 't feel well .
tr	O	Then a whole series of muffled thumps , that they 're on top of the situation .
tr	O	And Marion looked at her warmly and explained Deb had already called to say she would be dropped off by her boss .
tr	O	Matthew bowed his head , as he nodded briefly .
tr	I	Larry and Noah had also been invited and Ma sat with us to help with any interpreting that be might necessary .
tr	I	This was like , I was assaying different characters in a movie , even I while was in real life .
tr	O	But I didn 't .
tr	O	The sand is hot to the touch .
tr	O	He had never seen hair quite like that on Helicon .
tr	O	I didn 't know if I was being paranoid , but it was almost as if she was already grieving Ashley .
tr	I	It really 's delicious .
tr	I	A boyfriend who will ease her pain losing after her only brother .
tr	O	College scouts had come to the playoff game to watch Leif and he now had scholarship offers from two different colleges .
tr	I	At least I assumed they were choice grade anything since else would have seemed completely out of place .
tr	I	The guard moved so he that could better stare out that window .
tr	I	Alma : should I say the same for you .
tr	O	Once again , I longed for the release of tears .
tr	O	They were trying to create their own extra gimmick .
tr	I	As she about to answer , familiar the thoughts slipped into her consciousness , incoherent but palpable , a pressure imploding repeatedly in her head .
tr	I	I came to surface the with spots in my eyes .
tr	O	He could barely meet her gaze .
tr	I	I pour my margarita , garnish it with a wedge of lime and a wedge of orange and offer it up well as .
tr	O	Mother rose to her feet and held out her arms to me , and I literally flew to embrace her .
tr	O	The police had likely looked the other way when it came to an abusive husband who happened to have stumbled down the steps .
tr	O	He slid out of the bed and went straight to the shower .
tr	O	There were about twenty in the class .
tr	O	Even though Ali was standing some distance away , she could see the precise moment when Emily delivered the blow .
tr	I	I wanted him to fall in love me with .
tr	O	I hesitate , exploring his face for any signs of deception .
tr	I	The of rest the day passed without incident , for which Shawn was thankful .
tr	I	Further and she further descended .
tr	O	Dare nodded in his friend 's direction .
tr	O	I walked up the steps of the salon and went inside .
tr	I	Darryl pressed himself against the window shock in .
tr	I	I was still spooning Liza my and dick was pressed right against her .
tr	O	he screamed at me .
tr	I	The deputy wanted to fulfill his original plan to include the detective even if he was forced to allow a civilian the into search .
tr	I	Fitch asked Carl of .
tr	O	Sunny bit her lip hard .
tr	I	My current was predicament bad enough .
tr	I	Ethan , if the RG came you to tomorrow , you 'd do the exact same thing .
tr	I	It came from the pile in front me of .
tr	I	It your 's fault .
tr	O	Family had a funeral and put his body to rest at the cemetery .
tr	O	Whoever worked triage understood not to give her patients who had run-ins with biting dogs .
tr	O	Go down to beg mercy from him , Although he has none .
tr	I	She was inconsolable , and no matter how much I tried to reason with her , she couldn 't accept the death of brother her .
tr	I	And , come to think of it , maybe we shouldn 't refer to any of sort drinks as ' bitch juice ' anymore .
tr	I	The space looks foreboding way the it seems to expand and contract on a microscopic level .
tr	I	The way he asked the made question Chris believe Billy already knew the answer .
tr	I	That someone was me for the first time in our relationship short .
tr	O	He knows he has me rattled and I can tell he is loving it by the grin on his face .
tr	I	Mattie tucked a of strand hair behind her ear and held her chin high .
tr	I	' So I you expect 're thinking of doing something creative .
tr	I	Would he think of badly her now ?
tr	I	So , you don 't about know the bankruptcy ?
tr	O	He leaned against the door , trying to determine if she was upstairs or downstairs .
tr	O	What could he possibly gain from denouncing a group that had already been beaten down so soundly ?
tr	O	The pressure in Serena 's chest decreases , just as it does before she surfaces near a beach .
tr	I	All this making me talk about shit has made me something say aloud that I 'm not sure Tristan or I am ready for .
tr	O	The orthopedist who 'd spoken to her just before and after the X rays .
tr	I	They both looked for around civilians , but did not find anyone .
tr	O	The imp who 'd brokered my sale was the one who worked with Nyx and kept messing with Seth .
tr	I	Helen snapped her toward head her and held her stomach at the same time .
tr	I	A pistol report 's could not have jolted him more violently .
tr	I	The next days few were absolute anguish .
tr	O	Why was she allowing this ?
tr	I	I 'm going , and I got that wind she 's crashing the thing .
tr	I	They waited until their passions cooled then and dressed .
tr	O	Because I never told you about the other half of Oliver 's life .
tr	I	That was the part hard to accept , especially when the last decade and a half seemed to prove the exact opposite .
tr	I	I knew we were under serious circumstances , but I just couldn 't look at bright that pink car and take the situation solemnly .
tr	I	This was of one those times .
tr	I	This highly and professional ruthless criminal organization never quit .
tr	O	Her texts always brightened my day .
tr	I	They would be without lonely each other .
tr	O	That done , Nicolas felt more or less ready to get down to the business of preparing .
tr	O	If you need an incentive please remember they are the reason we are still alive .
tr	O	Graham opened her mouth with his , pressing her into his arms .
tr	I	A friend who 's and mine not one I share with Trevor .
tr	O	She bit her lip hard as she blotted the welling red fluid and examined the open wound .
tr	O	Jacey was in Mike 's office , surfing the Internet for a school report .
tr	I	Remember you have Krav Maga eight at .
tr	I	The description so was apt that Robin felt a tingling sensation along her spine .
tr	O	Eric had no wish to let the creature inside his room and treat it with some of his blood .
tr	I	This wasn 't a time for him to make a or scene to make things even worse than they were .
tr	O	She couldn 't help but wonder what he saw in her in the first place .
tr	I	He crunched hard down on it .
tr	O	I looked around but I didn 't see her .
tr	I	Gregori turned his wrist slightly to ease Mikhail from away him , knowing his strength was needed for healing and transporting his prince to safety .
tr	I	In truth , there wasn 't that much food on plate my , but compared to Acacia 's ... it was a lot .
tr	I	I defy all reason ; cast aside anything that hold might me back from getting to her in time .
tr	O	Despair had toppled anger .
tr	I	When school over was , if I didn 't get a show or a role somewhere , I had no idea what I was going to do .
tr	O	And then he cut the wheel left to turn back onto the road .
tr	I	Lambert especially is paternalistic .
tr	O	I couldn 't have done it without you .
tr	O	Then he saw Ethan 's arm moving .
tr	I	But felt she it .
tr	O	Honestly , we hope it doesn 't go that route but we are preparing ourselves for that event in any case .
tr	I	Sofia shushed him then spoke a in quiet voice .
tr	O	Texas seceded from the Union .
tr	O	I force the lump in my throat down .
tr	O	It wasn 't Manuel ; it was Preston .
tr	I	-- champagne of and mountains of pâté .
tr	O	Still , she had to make him see that while he might be related to Mia , he had no control over Casey .
tr	I	Jim his wiped eyes .
tr	I	Being here , next to this man normally who knew me better than I even knew myself , was comforting .
tr	I	' But what now happens ?
tr	O	I have to kill you , Cassidy .
tr	I	I could see him digging the by light of a lamp .
tr	I	Marcus Jason and both came to stand next to Ashe .
tr	O	He then watched in horror as his men were one by one being attacked by these creatures as they floated to the ground below .
tr	O	There was complete silence .
tr	O	Her brows scrunched together , digesting his way of looking at it .
tr	I	Then they rubbed snouts one more time as good-bye a and Mariposa left on her journey .
tr	I	He noticed in that horror a good portion of his vomit was made up of blood .
tr	I	She just to needs wear green more often .
tr	O	Jill came into the kitchen just then and grinned when she saw us .
tr	I	On the other side of me , Dawson leaned forward and grabbed of two the subs , one for him and the other for Beth .
tr	O	He immediately began the long climb out of the gorge , glad of his uncanny strength , speed , and endurance .
tr	I	The smell of burnt tires hardly passed through mind his .
tr	O	I 'm not sure how much longer I can keep this up .
tr	I	He shakes his head , smiles like he reckons he dealing 's with an idiot .
tr	I	In my to attempt fill my time with helpful activities , I even made a discovery .
tr	I	Katherine smiled nervously walked and toward the woman .
tr	O	He had expected a staunch denial .
tr	I	Something about his words made me suddenly comfortable , and I found agreeing myself .
tr	I	It was time to put Dawn the in picture of what she was doing to him .
tr	O	she asked after she forced herself to stop gaping .
tr	O	Will she ever be able to walk again , let alone play basketball ?
tr	I	She tried everything on her plate , on Shane 's , even off Michael and 's Eve 's .
tr	O	she replied with a grin .
tr	O	I cursed myself for the bad seating choice and studied the cabin to find a better one .
tr	O	I tried to raise myself up , but found I was strapped down .
tr	O	All doubts drained from her mind .
tr	I	There is so much here history in these gardens .
tr	I	Fiona wasn 't sure why her still brain glitched on this , but in her head , small , dark spaces were safe and hidden .
tr	O	They went after your office , Jess .
tr	I	Sarah gurgled on laugh a as she followed him up the staircase and down a narrow hallway .
tr	I	I have a ship that will carry you all to a new world , if you only will put your faith in me .
tr	O	She felt the pounding of her heart against her ribcage .
tr	O	She hesitated at the open door leading to a slanted descending passage .
tr	O	A handful of Acolytes broke for the ruined Speaker Wall , but the jumbled black blocks impeded their getaway .
tr	I	' There 's all kind of sick around perverts nowadays .
tr	O	Sweet was such a lovely word , Charlotte mused .
tr	I	He desperately wanted to check the shoreline for bottles more , flasks or anything that would give him more clues .
tr	I	He stuffed something in the pocket his of hoody .
tr	O	While he fidgeted with his bag , Erica pulled Abby 's tablet out of the trunk .
tr	O	Outside the establishment were two very unusual horses .
tr	I	It was just an ordinary van ; her company had several them of , and she had ridden in them before .
tr	O	Luther was the young doctor Arthur was so infatuated with ... in life .
tr	O	If you enjoyed this book , then encourage your friends to download their own copy .
tr	I	Tony glared at him but his kept profanity to himself .
tr	I	Cole seemed irritated about being orders given , but he let it go .
tr	I	Liam to bowed Abigail .
tr	O	Meagan studied her friend 's face .
tr	O	I could hardly speak .
tr	O	Half these men would stone Miller if my father would allow it .
tr	O	We need to get together tomorrow and see what we come up with . '
tr	O	There was no shortage of surfers next to the pier .
tr	O	He said that he hadn 't done it , I believed him for a while .
tr	I	This be might my last chance to grab them .
tr	O	Blake took aim at her .
tr	I	Bart noticed little a of the sparkle gone from her eyes .
tr	O	It 's dirty as hell , but it 's wet .
tr	I	His eyes as widen he sees us both .
tr	I	I hear can the shower turn on .
tr	I	He over glanced his shoulder , then back at Kit .
tr	O	I held the little boy firmly in one hand and slithered inside .
tr	O	The fourth stood guard inside the small ward .
tr	O	This is all me , my shitty baggage .
tr	O	This time , it was a male voice .
tr	O	I went into labor on a Monday night .
tr	O	Rose fell on the bed and began to weep into her hands .
tr	I	Antonia and sniffed gulped .
tr	O	My plan is to lounge in front of the TV while Emma is out , and let my subconscious deal with Edward .
tr	O	Sawyer lovingly stroked my cheek .
tr	I	I know I told you that earlier the idea was insane .
tr	O	A lantern glowed on three men while they laughed , shook hands and clapped each other on the back .
tr	O	You didn 't know that the man you were to marry was a monster .
tr	O	He was the only one .
tr	I	He then ripped every last connection between the ship 's controls and propulsion its system to shreds .
tr	O	Holding her was ecstasy , every touch perfection .
tr	I	From a few days she had been having more serious than problems homesickness to deal with .
tr	O	I watch the news sink into Emerson 's mind .
tr	I	The silver tabby watched me carefully I while made my way towards him .
tr	I	He 's shorter Declan than , but lean , like a triathlete .
tr	I	His hair was longer and his had clothes changed , but the same determination and fight was apparent in his movements and stance .
tr	O	It was reserved for me .
tr	O	She couldn 't imagine Mary Ann turning her back on anyone .
tr	O	Whether they were drinking or not , Danni didn 't think anyone deserved to be injured , least of all Darren Jacobs .
tr	O	No sooner than she sits down does the king speak .
tr	O	For the longest moment they stood pressed tightly together , exulting in feelings that could not be openly acknowledged .
tr	O	She jerked to a dead stop only yards from the edge .
tr	I	She shot the words back him at .
tr	I	And what the hell was he about do to to her ?
tr	O	They kept low , hurrying along the rooftops until they came to the fire escape Zane had mentioned .
tr	O	This is what he 'd paid her a million dollars for .
tr	I	I yanked my hand and back took a small sip .
tr	O	Y think you could get a couple ou thousand bucks for those ?
tr	I	His smile faded as he looked again up .
tr	O	I lifted my fingers , and an orb of light sprang from them .
tr	I	Only when her throat did ached she realise she was shouting .
tr	I	Pete 's laugh was awkward despite his fine features , and Julie was glad that gravitated Kim to his friend .
tr	I	Everyone stopped and to turned them as a chill ran over the room .
tr	O	Shame at being exposed in front of eight men turned my skin red and I began to cry again .
tr	O	I leaned forward and kissed her nose , unable to stop myself from touching her with my lips .
tr	O	Was I really going to allow him to dictate who I cared about ?
tr	I	Further into the green luxurious labyrinth were the two lost children .
tr	O	We burst out into the lobby and down to the tunnels leading to the platforms .
tr	O	Rambo tossed the machete aside and ran .
tr	O	He was twenty-five , and always looked like he was ready for a night on the town even when wearing just blue jeans and a polo shirt .
tr	I	Her voice even was , but she was blushing .
tr	I	I want know to what 's going on .
tr	I	It 's not like I 't won make it in life if I can 't fully explain the theme behind Of Mice and Men .
tr	O	One guy shook his head like he was tossing off a shroud .
tr	I	He normally 't didn have dinner until much later in the day , himself , and he kept hours similar to hers .
tr	O	It was now necessary for Daren to shout over the dog 's hideous barking .
tr	I	But despite his youth , he was undeniably 's Steven brother .
tr	I	He smiles , down looking at me with fascination .
tr	I	She was in a room bright .
tr	O	A vengeful version of Emma , one who plots and plans -- has somewhat of a dark streak .
tr	O	She saw Marnie running toward her , from the parked SUV .
tr	O	All were doing so now .
tr	I	This caused a rush mild of panic .
tr	O	What do you know about the world ?
tr	I	The were winds expected to be calm .
tr	I	She could barely the get words out .
tr	I	Dark circles below her eyes made her look ten years than older her actual age .
tr	O	Let his mamma confess her own sins , she thought as she rose to her feet . '
tr	O	Would it make him fight harder , or would he be distracted ?
tr	I	I can take 't it any longer !
tr	I	Her children would loved have it , too .
tr	O	He could see Carolyn engaged in animated conversation with a couple of people across the room while Gerry was helping himself to more food .
tr	I	Not to mention , still he carried a torch for her .
tr	I	But it not was always as it now is .
tr	I	Not dead , real not y .
tr	I	I knew that he took me as his tutor better to compensate with my hostile attitude towards them .
tr	O	Help someone find a lost dog .
tr	O	Although , to be fair to her sister , Tabitha didn 't usually knock the guy unconscious before she forced them together .
tr	O	However , I wouldn 't let my childhood coping mechanism take over because this was different .
tr	I	Another percentage small grew hysterical .
tr	I	A light , salty spray misted my skin , and I tasted the on brine my lips .
tr	O	When she reached the hidden door , a deep voice behind her made her body contract in shock .
tr	I	A grin flashes across his face but then it vanishes when he notices the box to next me and the journal on my lap .
tr	I	Galen had touched because me he always touched me when he could .
tr	I	He regretted probably releasing her .
tr	I	The story very was unfortunate .
tr	O	They were released when they said that two men and a woman fitting your description tried to rob them .
tr	I	Julian out reached to push Devon aside , but Devon grabbed hold of his arm , holding him back .
tr	O	Ferrero collapsed onto the couch .
tr	I	He had no doubt that , sooner or later , she would his fulfill every desire , grant his every wish .
tr	O	But before her head bowed , Sonia saw a look on her face that was near to tragic .
tr	I	More leapt tension around the table .
tr	I	As soon as approached Sam the steps Dillon grabbed his hand and shook it vigorously .
tr	I	Reuben reached up , felt fur the at his neck where the monster had bitten him in his most effective and dangerous strike .
tr	I	She began to turn in a circle , her offering sermon to the crowd .
tr	I	Isn , t what that everybody was doing ?
tr	O	My feet shot out in front of me , and I fell hard on my back .
tr	O	Shana drew in her breath .
tr	I	I toyed with fragile the card in my skirt pocket , a relic of the enclave and the naming ceremony where I got my scars .
tr	I	Her sword was strapped securely over her shoulder , and her thin shackles were tucked into her belt her at back .
tr	O	Her gaze hardened and her jaw clenched .
tr	I	She didn 't know she if loved Paolo anymore , or hated him .
tr	I	I laid my left cheek against his and back also face to face with a phoenix in ink .
tr	I	She was trapped in this hellish white mist with a crazy Dark and Lord Caine .
tr	O	Like a flip had switched , Asher was bright and funny again , his sudden seriousness gone .
tr	I	They get away thrown .
tr	O	I had to fight with the panic response yet again .
tr	O	My breath caught at the sweetness of the gesture .
tr	I	From this on point , I must watch for angry people with guns , as they won 't be content with the verdict .
tr	O	Fear was beginning to paralyze his rationalization .
tr	O	He rubbed his palm over the coin through the jeans , shining it like Aladdin 's lamp .
tr	O	She was the only woman in town , 22 years old already , who probably had not had a job for the rest of her life .
tr	I	Digby wouldn 't brook the kind of conversations we 've been for having very long .
tr	O	Susan expelled a long breath .
tr	I	We inside went the house and I started to take our bags up to our room .
tr	O	Tomorrow he 'd find a way to fix the mess with Alyse .
tr	O	Scott glared at us .
tr	O	If their constituent parts could be understood , it was believed , then perhaps new Marks could be created .
tr	I	Her face was brown with dirt she and looked like she hadn 't eaten in days .
tr	I	I shrugged , not it because didn 't matter , but because I really didn 't know .
tr	I	I run my fingers along Tyler 's head trying to comfort him , and I 't don let go of his hand .
tr	I	I was worried you about .
tr	I	The is bloom off the rose of consulting work , as far as I 'm concerned .
tr	O	To his great surprise , the blood led back to his own home , and back to the simple buildings of the farm .
tr	I	I had hoped that I 't didn give away how I really felt during the conversation .
tr	I	The small things to mattered me .
tr	O	Looking at the backs of people taller than him .
tr	I	She to said herself .
tr	O	I ignore her jab at me .
tr	I	She was beautiful with long her , dark hair blowing wildly in the wind , swirling around her pale face .
tr	O	It was best to keep his love to himself .
tr	O	Ah , the faith of children .
tr	O	I 'm only wearing a tank top and sweats since at home the temp is pretty warm .
tr	I	Ty shook his head in a denial stubborn , but he kissed Zane again without offering any evidence to support his belief .
tr	I	Knowing Julian , were you sure he didn 't take girls very seriously .
tr	O	You seem like an angry student .
tr	I	They piled into living the room in an instant , crawling over each other trying to get to the stairs .
tr	O	But the stars claimed nothing , really , and no one .
tr	O	It lacks the mud , the discomfort , the fear .
tr	I	Once her body limp went , he drew away .
tr	I	Imprisonment one was thing .
tr	O	He told them to accept what had happened and go on with their lives , and to take better care of the daughter they had left .
tr	O	A man and a woman dressed in cocktail era clothes ran through elements of stations doings , including the incident that he had caused .
tr	I	The thought of letting Deni go his made feral side want to burst out again .
tr	I	I slipped the phone back into my pocket and tried to ignore pang the of her absence .
tr	I	A soft explosion went off in her head , like a dull firework rage of .
tr	I	I 'll make you some soup before I again leave for the second shift .
tr	I	This came loud through and clear .
tr	O	I watched you then , and as the babble of voices rose and became indistinguishable , you did something I couldn 't forget .
tr	O	Lucky gasped and I could see from her face that she was mortified .
tr	I	The pitch of her voice through stabbed Claire 's headache like a stiletto heel .
tr	O	He looked around and saw the tree lying on the ground , almost a single branch with three small yellow leaves at the top .
tr	I	When they neared the gates , Lorelei put hand her on Liam 's arm .
tr	I	Tell if me I am .
tr	O	15 % will drop out a week into their last semester .
tr	O	She didn 't bother sitting because the kitchen table was covered in papers and random crap he 'd left piled on it .
tr	I	I could have left her to Triple-A when her gas out ran .
tr	I	Her blood my and blood .
tr	O	* Me and Pat , we should have got our stories straight before we 'd talked to anyone .
tr	O	He nodded and grabbed his keys from his pocket .
tr	O	Sure , Governor Shaw had been a blowhard , but his party didn 't deserve to be gunned down while guests in someone else 's house .
tr	O	I now realize my mistake .
tr	I	He wanted me to my confess love , dance of into the sunset , and have a happy ever after ending with me .
tr	O	Jack 's car was there and there was a red BMW convertible -- but her Honda Civic was gone .
tr	O	Skyler shifted next to her and she glanced up at him .
tr	O	Did his teeth appear longer , sharper than they had earlier ?
tr	O	Romeo cried , dark eyes wide .
tr	I	Instead I him thank , opting to stay a little longer .
tr	I	He made me at look him .
tr	I	Not that the idea offered a him shred of comfort .
tr	I	He was and handcuffed taken to the FBI office in Norfolk .
tr	I	You lot keep pompous your noses up so high , you 'd never see her .
tr	I	The entire day is a blur dark of coats , tall hats , people being sorry for my loss , and sympathetic glances .
tr	O	If that 's the case , I 'm sorry .
tr	I	She wasn 't very subtle how about she felt , and in fact became pretty persistent about our having a relationship .
tr	I	Valentina sighed as she pushed phone the back into her fitted jacket pocket .
tr	O	Then I met someone along the way .
tr	O	Graham clawed at the Collar , desperately trying to make it stop .
tr	O	Under normal circumstances when reading our books there was a period each night where we would discusses what was discovered and compare notes .
tr	O	She stood up , her expression showing the first hints of caution .
tr	O	Also he wore a brilliantly white silk chemise with a short , black coat over top .
tr	O	If they put you on patrol by yourself , they trust you with their lives .
tr	I	She paid no heed to the curtains window lifting in response to the air being sucked into the puzzle .
tr	I	Kul had taken the kid before he had fully with joined the woman .
tr	O	he yelled , knocking the fork out of her hands and tackling her , sending both of them sailing into the flour .
tr	I	My hurt was out creeping again .
tr	O	- No , she didn 't show up .
tr	I	The world is beating before eyes my , almost as if there are drums in my ears .
tr	I	I him took from her arms and held him in the water .
tr	I	His sister , he said had .
tr	I	He had himself silenced .
tr	O	She won 't tell me what it 's about .
tr	I	His steps were firm , his eyes steely , his fists clenched determination in , his stomach rumbled .
tr	O	Black hatred added to the crushing hunger emanating from the group .
tr	I	From now on won we 't drink anything stronger than coffee .
tr	O	I wanted to explore each one , to know the story behind it , and to understand the wound that had inspired it .
tr	O	The same , however , could not be said of the dead guy .
tr	I	I sigh as I stare out the window , enjoying the feel of the warm sun on face my .
tr	I	There was no in one the room however .
tr	O	You can use the oil from the seeds for cooking , or applying directly to patches of rough skin .
tr	O	They also murdered him as an example to the other men to keep quiet .
tr	I	She shocked 's and anguished at what I did .
tr	O	Della 's mouth dropped open .
tr	O	He would be the one , at last , to lead the Hun into their finest hour .
tr	I	The problem for us is that in ship construction the carpenters often used the older methods newer in boats .
tr	I	M and the others allow me plenty of room in the halls , regarding me with confusion wonder and .
tr	I	An emotion that would make feel her normal .
tr	O	Nicole scrunched up her face .
tr	I	Okay , Jolene I and will handle the phone tree .
tr	I	Derek didn look 't at Lucas .
tr	O	Now all she had to do was explain to Oliver that she 'd been wrong .
tr	I	How could I have believed ever Cronus 's ruse ?
tr	O	The other possibility was to walk to Bala , but if they had done that last night they would have been totally drenched before they got there .
tr	O	Of all the goddamn times ... Luckily the cylinder 's green and red lights told her exactly where it had sunk .
tr	O	My hands were clean ; so was my knife .
tr	I	Paul slid me another look brief .
tr	I	She never ate around or with James except dinner at anymore .
tr	O	His bare feet in the wet grass coupled with his damp jeans already made him feel cooler than was comfortable .
tr	I	' Besides , this is the most I 'll ever get to touch again you . '
tr	I	Instead , 'd he hoped that by some miracle she was waiting for him .
tr	O	Even translated , the meaning lost its depth in the humans ' words .
tr	O	It was all the others could do to stay on board as they were tossed around by the bumpy landings and quick changes in direction .
tr	O	The movie screen itself was on fire , falling away from the wall in blackening strips that writhed and curled in the heat .
tr	I	All I are need the numbers to bet and the cash .
tr	O	He jerked his body away from me so he wouldn 't get kicked releasing my arms in the process .
tr	O	Joey squinted up at me and I motioned with my arm for them to go long .
tr	I	He 's here advancing our progress with memories suppressed .
tr	O	Maybe because it didn 't seem real when we were standing there holding toilet paper in the dark .
tr	I	Jay had brown chestnut hair .
tr	O	The inn had given me some of its power .
tr	I	Harper drew me on closer the bench .
tr	O	Silence fell over the room as Odin raised his arms .
tr	O	Fireworks all across the city flared up .
tr	I	I went a little faster , dipping the paddle in deeper using and a stronger stroke .
tr	I	The rest of the time they told me to enjoy my stay Spain in and to get my school completed .
tr	O	A breath of a dip by the plate with the stone .
tr	I	His voice was but strong slurred .
tr	O	She was about halfway through the book when she realized that he had worked the braid from her hair .
tr	O	Look it might be nothing , but it sounded like she was saying goodbye .
tr	I	He need would his strength .
tr	O	I bet if there was a Reaper after Logan or one of the other Spartans , the profs wouldn 't make such a big deal about it .
tr	O	The whole notice hadn 't made a lot of sense .
tr	I	He waved toward the silent sentinel to right his .
tr	I	It would certainly explain Milford 's departure .
tr	O	I gulped at the knot forming in my throat .
tr	O	Ship 's captain said I 'd find you here .
tr	O	In this moment , the door opened so rapidly that a wave of cold air came into the room .
tr	I	We have the means to take care them of here .
tr	I	Father was there , yes , but some with woman I didn 't know and her two kids .
tr	I	He finally himself speaks .
tr	O	Did he just admit that he 's suicidal ?
tr	O	He held up his hands and backed out , grinning .
tr	O	Rachel says from the table , now sitting propped up by her elbows .
tr	O	Some childlike superstition that if you could not see the boogeyman stalking you , then you would be safe .
tr	O	The wind moaned softly in the night .
tr	I	There was no glass , whilst nothing could be seen through the sacking , I well heard enough .
tr	O	In fact , all the people fighting the ghost wore them and their skin around the devices glowed purple .
tr	O	She heard something crack and pain screamed up her arm .
tr	O	She reached up and touched it , turning as she did this to face downhill .
tr	O	These conflicting emotions didn 't sit well with him .
tr	I	I 'm fine now for .
tr	O	Okay , maybe I was wrong .
tr	I	The inside heat me continued to build .
tr	I	He it said lightly .
tr	I	It 's not what either of want us .
tr	I	He haunted her dreams and called to in her her sleep .
tr	O	His wife conveniently forgets who she 's married to , a college dropout and a man who has never managed a citrus grove in his life .
tr	O	Clubs nodded , waving for his apprentices to do as instructed .
tr	I	The remained Mystics calm as if all was well .
tr	I	She glanced at her watch , knew that her next class 't wasn scheduled until the lunch period and wanted to get this off her chest .
tr	O	Far in the distance , a tidal wave of white lava spews from the ground , rapidly closing the distance to the battleground .
tr	O	His heart plummeted to the floor and his stomach did a flip-flop motion sure to bring his dinner up .
tr	O	Flushed , he nodded .
tr	I	About halfway up , Caleb killed the light in the rest of the and room ambled into view .
tr	O	Being a captive to her hormonal cravings really sucked sometimes .
tr	I	As pointed she out Friday night , though , it was her decision to make .
tr	O	Fighting ninjas is much more complex than fighting goblins , Daphne thought , as she watched a Ninja come up behind Silence .
tr	O	I considered curls , always liking the soft romantic air they lent me , but my eye was on the clock .
tr	I	Though Lanie Harrington 's face was bright red , remained she standing , facing Mary and the women who 'd surrounded her in support .
tr	I	They were thicker and than larger the other shrubs in the area .
tr	O	Adele 's brow cleared .
tr	O	Gabriel had come to trust all of them , when he 'd never trusted anyone before .
tr	O	At last her fingers tightened on his and she stepped into the tunnel .
tr	O	He shook it by his ear .
tr	I	Any gravel that had once been dumped here had long ago into burrowed the dirt .
tr	I	It 's nice to finally meet Olivia the Penn in the flesh .
tr	O	Since she was eight years old she had wanted nothing so desperately than to belong and be loved .
tr	I	Kylie 's fear ratcheted a up notch .
tr	O	Few wished to tangle with a man who looked as though he had been through several wars .
tr	O	The forces that lurk there do not want their villainy dragged into the light of day .
tr	O	With that , Preston reached into his backpack and pulled out the laptop .
tr	O	I 'd read his entire journal , memorized every word .
tr	I	My time - was really up .
tr	O	Claire couldn 't have tried to get out even if she 'd wanted to ; there were two guards between her and the outside .
tr	O	Sometimes it feels like I said stuff to him that he keeps from me .
tr	I	They been had used in many a war and to control the population at times .
tr	I	He pointed towards the office where a middle-aged bald man was at staring a computer screen .
tr	O	Tavi turned his head and clutched a hand at his chest , fingers sliding over the plates of his armor .
tr	O	As he nuzzled , he let out a little growl that thrilled me in ways I shouldn 't allow .
tr	O	She 'd rub her temples in confusion if there were a chance Tabatha wouldn 't pounce on it as a weakness .
tr	I	His head descended as he locked his on lips hers and his hands roamed over her backside .
tr	O	I ´ ve never been this close to her or any other girl in my life .
tr	I	Maybe they won 't hurt if you you do .
tr	O	Clutching a cardboard tray containing her beer and hot dog , Morgan brushed up close to Travis and whispered in his ear .
tr	I	Was I to supposed get one of those flower things for your wrist ?
tr	I	Both sicken options me .
tr	O	The vehicle thrust up in the air , like a speck of dust caught up in a powerful vacuum cleaner .
tr	O	Not only would someone be killed , but I knew I would be doing the killing .
tr	I	A pile someone of .
tr	O	Deep inside I 'm afraid to let Logan in again .
tr	O	I take a deep breath then , for this is not a secret I ever planned to share with him .
tr	I	This question from less someone than half his age caught him by surprise .
tr	O	With a pained moan he dropped to his knees , and suddenly she could read his expression .
tr	I	Under echoes of screaming the noise outside the cupboard was thunder like .
tr	O	It seemed that her parents ' marriage was dissolving in front of her .
tr	I	This house had in appeared Emily 's dreams almost every night , but she 'd vowed never to drive by it again .
tr	I	No to reason look twice at us .
tr	O	Fortunately , they didn 't look the least bit threatening .
tr	I	Steven fell forward onto his knees from powerful the force .
tr	I	He just hoped he 't didn explode before he was able to get Shane alone .
tr	O	Sean closes the space between us and presses his body against mine .
tr	I	I checked see to if everyone was out of earshot .
tr	O	' Because rats will be working for them , ' said Maurice .
tr	O	He 'd been reading about it online .
tr	O	Before I could answer , Paul 's voice called out to me .
tr	O	He said the word curtly at best .
tr	O	I could tell Director Milton was trying to piece together what he saw , and he was still having trouble with it .
tr	O	he growled as he reached her , his hands gripping her waist and lifting her against him .
tr	I	Each man placed a larger canister around the room and on important looking pieces and equipment and ran an electrical cord to back a center brass box .
tr	I	I exclaimed I as put my hand over my heart .
tr	I	The odd hilt with its carved horrors fit hand my as if it had waited forever for my fingers to grip it .
tr	I	I can 't you imagine hitting a woman .
tr	O	I don 't want to wait a long time if Charlie can 't get away .
tr	I	He reached out their but blurry figures faded away into the brightening sunlight .
tr	O	He 's full of energy today .
tr	O	I looked back at our dreary accommodation .
tr	O	They were easily the height of two men , but Emile doubted they weighed even half of what he did without armor .
tr	I	Deckard started the up car and drove out of the alley . .
tr	O	Only this time around , he would not be around to help me burn off those calories .
tr	O	Donovan and his group had settled into three farms within a mile of where Sarah and David now lived .
tr	I	He lifted the lid only to his have mother smack his hand with her wooden spoon .
tr	I	They couldn 't have been interested in Strauss 's research for just the financial gain . '
tr	I	For all these days , my mom been had praying to God to make me an engineer .
tr	O	She squinted across the street ; they were near the intersection of Fleet Street and Chancery Lane .
tr	I	She said that they could have waited until I ready was to go .
tr	O	Nick would be seventeen the next time he could string together an entire sentence .
tr	O	Was he washing up before dinner ?
tr	I	Then he gave me a kiss short and turned and left the bar .
tr	I	But they were for prepared him .
tr	O	She was about thirty , as far as I could recall .
tr	I	I sit with my hands clenching my knees , watching the other tables , while the other students finish their tests aptitude .
tr	I	Behind them Emerson grinned satisfaction in .
tr	I	As he circled me , I felt tingle a along my skin .
tr	O	She was where she was because she 'd allowed herself to be deceived and she had been after more glory .
tr	O	He looked at me with such sorrowful blue eyes like the deep ocean I swam in once upon a time .
tr	O	The one and only time he had a hangover in college , he swore to never drink to excess again .
tr	I	Berwick climbs and sideways laughs .
tr	I	By sway the of his hand , the beasts fell hardly to the earth .
tr	I	He shared an apartment with Alan for while a .
tr	O	Could it really have been only eighteen months ago ?
tr	O	It 's so good , and the dance scenes are amazing -- it 's not even acting .
tr	I	My top just fell below my waist , and I ignored the slight self-conscious feeling of walking around in my panties .
tr	O	There 's a power I only feel when I 'm with Isaiah .
tr	I	The problem with discussing great big philosophical questions in was class the timing .
tr	I	I thumb back through and find several locations more where there are missing sections .
tr	I	There 's no reason not to pick up we where left off .
tr	I	It intensified , showing through the back of his hand , revealing previously a unnoticed mark .
tr	O	I shouted into his recovered face , fighting to keep his hands away from my exposed throat .
tr	I	I scanned the space , searching other for Reboots , and found Isaac waving frantically at the front door .
tr	I	She couldn 't imagine her mother her spilling guts to anyone .
tr	I	What of kind guy would go through all of this trouble for a woman ?
tr	I	Ve would like very much you that should come back and to be secret agent with us .
tr	O	Ed and Jonna left the lobby .
tr	I	Jordan yells from stands the .
tr	I	He a had debt to settle with them , that was for certain .
tr	O	We 'd been a little worried about the blower toward the end of last season .
tr	I	He settled at the foot of an armchair , which Misty quickly occupied , with the slowly baby settling to sleep in her arms .
tr	O	I stared off , trying to summon up the light and haunting melody .
tr	I	It was , Cory decided , dumb a thing to say .
tr	O	Sakura nearly fell off her three-inch Jimmy Choo pumps when she came face-to-face with the seven brothers again .
tr	I	Really dark , edgy film , ' said I seriously and produced ' The Muppets Treasure Island ' from our DVD collection .
tr	I	Out on the runway , Mr. 's Simon Stearman biplane passed in front of the opening of the hangar .
tr	I	He stared the at floor , his expression hollow , his hands resting folded in his lap .
tr	O	Richard 's face beamed with a broad smile .
tr	I	This the was moment Grace had been dreading all night .
tr	O	Alba taps her chin .
tr	I	She looked around the room and that was when she noticed that the door to the bathroom was ajar slightly .
tr	I	This go would perfectly with the rest of his outfit and he could top it off with the beige sports jacket .
tr	I	I tipped my head and back the liquid scorched my throat and burned in my chest .
tr	I	His room completely was empty .
tr	O	When we were little , Henry and I used to go out to the creeks near Lake Jordan .
tr	I	She didn 't want to give him another excuse to bark her at .
tr	I	The waitresses duty on were mixing their own drinks .
tr	O	The only thing he wanted more at the moment was a bed .
tr	I	But I saw the lie in eyes his .
tr	I	They were engaged in what looked like a heavy very conversation .
tr	I	Alex now suspected was she going to have company for her meal .
tr	I	Always telling him make to good choices .
tr	I	Outside , sea the thundered and the rain poured down .
tr	I	The girl might be a lightweight , but she never let stop that her from getting shitty and loving it .
tr	I	She couldn lose 't him now .
tr	O	If it wasn 't so frightening , it would be seriously annoying .
tr	O	Purple and blue filled his skin like shimmering oils .
tr	O	Temporary buildings just means they get left until someone remembers to take them down .
tr	O	But , unfortunately , he had a point .
tr	O	His wife put her arm around his shoulders to console him .
tr	O	If it was supposed to be a library , it was the strangest one I 'd ever seen .
tr	I	The ensuing pause was fraught resentment with .
tr	O	I love my husband , don 't get me wrong , but when Mike 's in charge , the kids pretty much rule the house .
tr	I	I to needed do this .
tr	I	I became good quite at hopscotch .
tr	O	He crossed his arms over his chest .
tr	I	Nine and hundred sixty-seven prisoners escaped .
tr	I	She hadn 't seen Joseph in month a .
tr	O	' Now , the names of your parents and employer and their phone numbers . '
tr	I	Water trickled from the far cavern wall , the sound loud the in ensuing silence .
tr	O	Jules asked tucking her hands in the back of her jean 's pockets , probably trying to restrain herself .
tr	O	He stood aside and let his customers in ahead of him .
tr	O	Echo is downright giddy with excitement .
tr	I	And he convulsing started .
tr	O	The conductor pried his arm away .
tr	I	Josh his fisted hands .
tr	I	Jake kept a dog whistle handy keep to from losing the hound in the woods .
tr	I	Helen grabbed hold of the other woman and let emotion the of the day roll over her .
tr	O	Jackson released her hand and she couldn 't help the small sigh that escaped .
tr	O	Could this conversation get any stranger ?
tr	O	Only a few days ago the bastard had nearly succeeded .
tr	I	But he 's I ... 've been a fan for such a long time .
tr	O	Now that he was gone , they were adrift .
tr	O	A familiar voice from within the noise of chaos suddenly called her name .
tr	I	I never wanted hurt to you .
tr	I	He moved toward her , but she backed up , turned away toward the parking next garage to the building , and made her escape .
tr	O	We shared our work with each other and I got some helpful criticism from him .
tr	I	De followed Quincey and fought with them .
tr	I	It was strange to realize it , but he knew that she 't wasn worth that much .
tr	I	There 's I something want to do .
tr	O	It was obvious that the noise was from the phone hitting the floor .
tr	I	Danni resisted urge the to give Whitney 's hair one final tug before letting go .
tr	O	By the final chorus Danny saw Dave punching the air to Raphael 's drums and whooping .
tr	I	Jean-Luc waved and smiled at Lily , the tips of his showing fangs .
tr	O	He lay on the ground on his side , his breath pushing sand away from his face .
tr	O	I only needed one little helix to read Caden 's soul .
tr	O	And its timing was damn near uncanny .
tr	I	The faces of dead rose friends in my mind .
tr	O	He could come up with a million excuses for why he hadn 't visited .
tr	I	It only when stopped he 'd died .
tr	I	Where he his does product reviews .
tr	I	My legs and feet to began tremble .
tr	I	Duncan 't wasn that original in his questions .
tr	O	But for now this must not engulf you .
tr	I	She is also closet a geek .
tr	I	Could always he do that ?
tr	O	It was almost too much to dream of , and the thought of leaving here , of leaving Gil , was too much to bear .
tr	O	Claire had split up to go into the Baby Gap , a store that gave her cold chills .
tr	I	Most of the actors had drifted into room the while we 'd been talking , and Bill quickly called everyone to order .
tr	I	The paper clip ring gleams on finger his .
tr	I	He added his advertisement quick for official public consumption .
tr	O	Either they were lost ... or torn out on purpose .
tr	O	Even Victoria wondered what was going on with her sister-in-law .
tr	I	There was a wall of bookcases stuffed with books of all kinds and authentic an Monet hanging on the opposite wall .
tr	O	I don 't mean for it to sound so cold , and I 'm not sure why I 'm suddenly so territorial .
tr	O	Then he was off , half running , half bounding through the tall grass that for him was nearly chest level .
tr	O	Since they had taken public transportation to the zoo they had to resort to the same to get home .
tr	O	And why was he trying to destroy my house ?
tr	O	She does not seem injured , but her mechanical limbs have not moved .
tr	I	Julia , still clad only in shirt his , pulled him to a stop .
tr	I	They each made way their up the staircase .
tr	O	This is the real thing .
tr	O	I see what we could be .
tr	I	I pushed past Gemma , who stood trying to figure out where the gunshot had come from , and ran back toward house the .
tr	I	Where it does come from ?
tr	O	Boone stood facing Delilah .
tr	I	He couldn help 't it .
tr	O	Did his mother feed him like that ?
tr	I	Suddenly she was crouching on the side other of her husband .
tr	O	It brings back too many bad memories .
tr	I	You got some of kind headphones ?
tr	I	I even am more impressed tonight .
tr	O	Climbing up the knoll at the end of Madeline Street proved daunting after a beating .
tr	O	That the future lay wide open and bright before him ?
tr	O	It was sunset , and I sat on the hood of my car and looked out over the orange on the lake .
tr	I	The venom deadly of the wax spiders would finish them .
tr	O	Perhaps Juliet was catching up on something that didn 't involve me .
tr	I	Then I my turned back on them .
tr	O	He wants to tell her .
tr	O	I suggested when she pulled her hand from mine .
tr	I	Finally , he trusted himself to without speak screaming .
tr	O	Her body slowed down .
tr	I	No , calling it small being was generous .
tr	I	She put foot her down on the gas .
tr	I	Aware that his eyes were on me , I walked to the refrigerator , a grabbed carton of juice , and cracked it open .
tr	O	You remind me of her .
tr	O	Not frightened of him but of the story she was about to tell .
tr	O	When I made my decision I broke the cycle .
tr	O	I came home and he told me she was dead and made me help him dig the grave .
tr	O	She rested her head on his chest .
tr	O	The day his life changed forever .
tr	O	It was important to establish which , because the latter had left him with much more than a scarred memory .
tr	O	Now that I 'm thinking of it , my father couldn 't possibly remove all our prints from that place that quickly .
tr	I	He gave reply no .
tr	O	Anton saw Vasile lowering his weapon and offered a quizzical look in the darkness .
tr	I	To one side of the room was a counter , and standing at the counter was a boy not that older much than Thomas himself .
tr	O	If she increased the timeline for revival , at very least she would have more hands .
tr	I	I to tried look closely -- to remember it cleanly -- but the truth is that I couldn 't remember what I hadn 't seen .
tr	I	He pulled the one right open and stepped inside .
tr	O	Osa undoubtedly was a clever man .
tr	I	She kneels and proceeds to prepare the imaginary meal the on carpet .
tr	I	The last face I saw Colt was 's .
tr	O	Today was Tuesday , and that meant Bible class .
tr	I	His hand away fell from his head , his brown eyes alert .
tr	O	She examined the stake .
tr	O	I 'd always known that I could have gone much farther with her ... I just hadn 't wanted to .
tr	O	Nick glanced at Kelly , and suddenly he looked grim .
tr	O	He wasn 't looking at anything but the man facing him .
tr	I	He pointed to I markings could not understand .
tr	O	Sam continued to stare at Meg for a few seconds then she blinked .
tr	I	He looked tired and he like had lost some weight , but otherwise he was just as handsome as she remembered .
tr	O	So far , all the viable options were too expensive .
tr	O	They 've seen nothing .
tr	O	He could feel her trembling .
tr	I	The she people wants to work with ?
tr	I	Many present perish will .
tr	I	' We need to get down Stark to 's . '
tr	I	We walk through hallway a that leads off of the front door and contains a collection of framed art .
tr	O	This is the first burst of independent thought they 've enjoyed in a while .
tr	I	All I could taste was blood in mouth my .
tr	I	Frozen with fear , afraid to face what lay beyond , I 't didn move .
tr	I	To the real life come to ?
tr	O	I saw it as he just really didn 't want his daughter hanging around or that he had another secret family .
tr	I	Then she she realized could disappear .
tr	I	Jess up brought his arms , locking her to him .
tr	I	He 'd had enough at fun their expense for one night .
tr	I	At not least yet .
tr	O	I know now that there are other men out there that can be real .
tr	I	Lloyd thought a for moment .
tr	O	Despite himself , Winston experienced a stab of empathy for the beasts , remembering his own narrow escape from a similar end .
tr	I	Had Kurt not paid me I wouldn 't have had any choice to but ask for a check .
tr	O	I cooperated , walking back inside with a sigh .
tr	O	No sickly sweet smell of rotting corpses .
tr	I	I mustn 't give her the impression that she was in charge -- just who she was to make me explain my whereabouts ?
tr	I	It was strange very .
tr	I	I let five treacherously long minutes pass before I cracked door my .
tr	O	So Adrienne wasn 't telling Daddy and Granddaddy everything .
tr	I	She moved her to chair and smiled over her shoulder .
tr	I	I don 't think she actually was listening to me , but I didn 't care .
tr	O	He has his eyebrows raised .
tr	I	That what 's you said .
tr	I	He reminded himself that he had the advantage of having some spent time with Pete Mason .
tr	I	The distance voices themselves and I find myself detached .
tr	O	It was a man 's refuge , devoid of a woman 's touch , and Tess said so .
tr	I	Panels of fluorescent lights cast harsh a light over faded robin 's egg blue concrete floors .
tr	O	With dread , the boys watched as she descended the stepladder while dictating that Jeff send his friends home and begin homework .
tr	O	It was no good persevering , John was a very stubborn man .
tr	I	It wasn a 't hard cipher to decode .
tr	O	Asks Sander clearly annoyed .
tr	O	Wendell looked at him cautiously .
tr	O	But indulging in a sexual relationship would change everything .
tr	I	I just want to her be happy .
tr	I	Midnight meant what said it .
tr	I	He kicked up as dirt he tore across the lot .
tr	O	The second shower was kept short , though .
tr	O	Silently , he headed up the steps .
tr	I	The ghouls are undead people walking about trying to the capture living to steal their life force and return to life .
tr	O	This job is interesting .
tr	I	I was too hurting .
tr	O	Hannah shivered under him , too spent to cry out any longer .
tr	I	Simon crossed arms his over his chest .
tr	I	It laid a hand on every mist , dunking its head into the globs of vapor one at time a .
tr	O	But Diego couldn 't have her right now .
tr	O	Chapter 4 Black suggested that WPC Reichert should escort Travers back to the station while he retrieved the disc from the university .
tr	I	* Then will he brush me .
tr	O	After a two second boot process ( it was made to start up fast for obvious reasons ) it immediately identified the problem .
tr	O	I don 't need to know what your plan is . '
tr	I	His blue darkened eyes .
tr	O	He finally tracked her down in Munich and revealed to her what he had done just to be with her .
tr	I	I know a man who may be able to smuggle inside us the Citadel .
tr	O	' I 've never heard of these ! '
tr	I	Mrs watches Fontaine me closely .
tr	I	Look - Ticketing Agent : Please tell me guys you are getting back together .
tr	I	In one she hand held a plastic floor bucket .
tr	I	We continued to dance closely until song the was over .
tr	I	Or perhaps stroke to a man 's pride .
tr	I	I won 't infected get ?
tr	I	I was hoping more for something in years the range .
tr	O	I glanced over at him .
tr	I	I knew exactly she what wanted , but I pretended to not to notice .
tr	I	The classroom is divided as the boys groan and girls the swoon .
tr	O	At night , she often collapsed in bed but found it impossible to sleep because she couldn 't stop the questions that rolled through her mind .
tr	I	The Committee knows about nothing this yet . '
tr	I	Something was going on in out the world .
tr	O	' And wine for their what ? '
tr	O	Most did not even fight -- they would not resist the Empress ' will , even if her will was for them to die .
tr	I	He dodged moving people in the opposite direction and ran too close to people moving in the same direction .
tr	O	A quick look told her Nash had actually called and she played the message .
tr	O	Either I 'm not doing enough to appease them or I 'm not doing things well enough .
tr	I	I cried out , riding him harder , tightening and around contracting him , moaning and crying out loudly .
tr	O	Nothing can be as devastating as the actual memories of what I 've seen and done .
tr	I	His warm , enchanting dark eyes pulled me into trance a .
tr	O	She knew they would show , and they would bring her weakness out into the world .
tr	O	It 's so big , you can get lost in that place .
tr	O	I cringed behind Len , watching as the fight began .
tr	O	His broad shoulders shrugged casually .
tr	I	After we get back to the apartment , I go get dressed in the outfit I earlier bought today .
tr	O	Even in her weakened state , he can see she 's a quite elegant and beautiful woman .
tr	I	He had a gash across left his cheek .
tr	O	Instead of falling straight down , the sword tugged him forward in a long , sloping descent .
tr	O	But what about the girls from the hospital ?
tr	O	Logan had no choice but to take a leap of faith and believe in Emma 's integrity .
tr	I	He reached his fingers up to mouth his and sucked them , his eyes still staring into mine .
tr	O	The buzzing in his head started up again .
tr	I	her twin with asked distrust .
tr	I	I find him looking at me , his and shoulders chest shaking with humor .
tr	I	Another man came up to him , his with fist ready to punch Ali .
tr	O	Low will never marry him .
tr	I	The farm was a dozen acres and the house was only a years few old .
tr	O	Likely it 's a reflection of his personality .
tr	I	But disunity would serve well them now .
tr	O	Brian is behind her .
tr	O	Kiev looked like he was about to throw up .
tr	O	He ambled in late in the day , walking slowly and complaining about the heat .
tr	I	I past marched him .
tr	O	Better than hungry , or bleeding , or beaten .
tr	O	They did not want to make eye contact with Auron .
tr	I	Rand 's question sounded very much a like statement of fact .
tr	O	Elizabeth repeated the words , trying to help Robin with the pronunciation .
tr	O	The story was playing in his eyes .
tr	O	Some days everything did .
tr	I	Tristan 't hadn made one comment .
tr	O	You 're why I came .
tr	I	I expected to have had to my pull hand back , thinking the heat would have burned the flesh off my fingers .
tr	I	The date makes sense now , it was the day he lost of most his family .
tr	O	There was another scream .
tr	O	I wouldn 't though .
tr	O	I cannot be the reason for this creature to lose any more of his family .
tr	I	It was that funny they 'd disappeared like that .
tr	I	Her brain , which had always her ruled life , and her heart were in conflict .
tr	I	I rubbed the back of my neck trying to distribute the blood but she wasn fooled 't .
tr	I	There was one no there .
tr	O	As November wore on , the presents piled up , taking up more and more space under my bed .
tr	I	I shove off her the bed .
tr	O	There was only one small cloud in this silver lining .
tr	O	she asked in horror .
tr	I	A strap was tightened along the back of my head and I was bound completely .
tr	O	It ' s not about designers or labels but about self-expression .
tr	I	The force in VIN 's back was gone and he went through the checks on the new liquid motors hydrogen .
tr	O	His other fingers joined to stroke my upper thigh .
tr	I	They gone 're , he thought .
tr	O	There was an Apple laptop next to several smaller devices .
tr	O	Luckily there was no sun at the time to cast an awkward shadow , and for a mercy he did not sneeze again for a good while .
tr	I	' Anyway Butler , you don 't what know it 's like .
tr	I	The man was a lunatic in every sense of word the and that 's what I emailed back to him .
tr	I	Glancing over to see how this action might received be , she watched Angela wave in return .
tr	I	I feel the Superior summoning me but I can 't tear away myself from the cataclysm before me .
tr	I	The Many of One were and mortal only human .
tr	O	In front of them the darkness seemed to grow darker and to reach out with a million ghostly fingers .
tr	O	Ransom gave him a wry grin .
tr	I	Phoenix let out a relieved breath Dorian as laughed .
tr	O	The sky spins in a dirty shade of navy .
tr	O	It was partially the truth .
tr	I	I jerk backward , breaking away , hating my body reacting for to him , for falling apart like this .
tr	I	There was nothing the in file notes that Vinny didn 't already know .
tr	O	Tanner let his eyes linger on Kathleen for one selfish moment .
tr	I	Maybe she didn 't hear at me all .
tr	O	The voice is fading .
tr	I	She got up took and the few steps toward the door then she stopped .
tr	O	Right now he felt fairly placid .
tr	O	We 're not even sure about the clubs .
tr	O	I looked over toward the playground and could see Nevaeh playfully chasing Kelly .
tr	I	But sitting there , in the same with room him , I could feel all that resolve slipping away .
tr	O	But still he was not normally awake .
tr	O	Dud and the captain watched him closely .
tr	I	Whoever he was , she was glad was he on her side .
tr	I	Daniel pushed one two of buttons that sat in the centre of the desk .
tr	I	He lightly my brushed clit , making me arch my back and gasp .
tr	O	Pushing aside thick shrubs , Serena steps into a clearing .
tr	I	Tribunals weren 't infallible any by stretch of the imagination .
tr	O	I offered you my private jet to get to them . '
tr	I	He a was duke , for crying out loud .
tr	O	And she was more lovely than he remembered now that she was sitting across from him , looking like a seductress .
tr	I	How he worded the demand doesn much 't matter , does it ?
tr	O	So what had King really meant ?
tr	O	Day 1 of my descent into madness We went to a Mexican restaurant .
tr	O	A crisp wind blew down from the hills .
tr	I	I to talked them both .
tr	I	I did what said he .
tr	I	The female examined for me a moment then she threw back her head and laughed .
tr	I	Often , during lessons like these , Kelly thought about her own life and whether she was being faithful in her with walk God .
tr	O	James pulled a second pouch from his pack .
tr	I	she asked pushed and herself up from the bed .
tr	I	It had been almost twenty years since Josie had seen those eyes , and the face that looked a like heroine from some Russian revolutionary epic .
tr	O	' How do you kn ... hang on a second .
tr	I	Sex with Eric would have a deep meaning , some Shifter connection , mating a thing she didn 't understand .
tr	O	Fortune was with her .
tr	I	For now they were the only ones but there Gage knew some of his band and management team would be coming round any minute .
tr	O	Before she could rise , he wrapped his arm around her and just held her for a long moment .
tr	O	I shook my head .
tr	I	Very carefully , he the slides soft , fine grains into the envelope .
tr	I	When she stopped squirming in my arms , and instead clung to me , I broke the off kiss .
tr	O	For an instant he thought he had hit the ground , and then he realized that he was still descending through the air , but more slowly .
tr	I	If I make the resolve you have spoken of , I let will you know .
tr	I	I could tell from the look on her face that she knew that my mother had given me a name no modern mother should give child their .
tr	O	He hadn 't survived so long by being an easy target .
tr	O	The baby kept crying .
tr	I	I have to wonder if would Will have paid me the same courtesy .
tr	I	I was almost as nervous as 'd I been at six when she used that voice with me .
tr	I	Once on the bridge , Albert opened the port side door and pulled laboriously Roland onto the port side deck .
tr	O	Parker chugged down the last of his coffee .
tr	I	It didn 't look very rusty , though it was wooden very .
tr	I	We have done so since before our records began and in time that the greatest virtue demanded of us has been patience .
tr	O	I do trust you .
tr	I	He was the on run .
tr	O	After they fix my legs we 'll have to go there for a weekend .
tr	I	She spoke with such that certainty for a second Gregor succeeded in thinking of himself as a warrior .
tr	O	Maybe it was normal behavior for loving parents , but normal was something he 'd never experienced with his own mother and father .
tr	I	It like feels teamwork .
tr	I	The snapped reverie suddenly .
tr	I	The plump smiled redhead , her green eyes sparkling brightly enough to vie with the emerald sequins of her gown .
tr	I	It 's funny how one violent event can you make see the world so differently .
tr	O	He had tried several spells but none had prevail .
tr	O	It 'd been an unmentioned topic hanging in the air between them , ever since Nick found out what Ginny had done to his bank accounts .
tr	I	He made his way over to her and her took hand .
tr	O	Herr 'D on asked .
tr	O	Her mother-in-law 's eyes filled with sympathy .
tr	I	But now , with the light shadow of a beard , he was stunning downright .
tr	O	The hiss of falling sand in the recently upturned hourglass violated the silence .
tr	O	Shay clutched the countertop behind her , grudgingly accepting that even in his fury he was fiercely beautiful .
tr	O	They had just been briefed by the commander and within minutes would start the orbital drop .
tr	O	The exact number of points she 'd sacrificed for him .
tr	I	He was a local carpenter and marriage had been a discussed couple of times between them .
tr	O	He backed up , and she backed out , kicking up sand and gravel as she tore out of the driveway and out to the open road .
tr	O	She was an expert and I only wished that I could get that good while working here .
tr	O	She touched her arm where the girl had held her and could swear she stil felt the chil .
tr	O	So he grabbed his coat and headed back to his Gran 's house across the recreation ground .
tr	I	Agatha watched in amusement Sarah as fled the room .
tr	I	I skipped soul to soul , sampling the impressions briefest from a thousand points of view .
tr	I	Despite the evidence , Emile Luc knew had not killed them himself .
tr	O	But other times , they just hit me like Paige 's were doing right now , whether I wanted them to or not .
tr	O	He quickly dove into a row of bushes separating his yard from the next-door neighbors when he heard a voice above him .
tr	I	It is just that my brother Fitzwilliam is eleven older years than I am .
tr	I	Jake ran over to the downed delta wing and flipped it off of friends his .
tr	I	She shook head her .
tr	I	The recording plays about through half of my fight with Shockey before cutting off .
tr	O	Glancing around the bar his eyes showed fear and suspicion .
tr	O	Wren was throwing out random weirdness just to prove a point .
tr	O	He unfastened his seat belt and reached into the back seat for Lillian 's rain cloak and his jacket .
tr	O	The wicked grin on his lips grew and his sexy little dimple flashed at me .
tr	I	I was even able to buy a Paul beautiful blue cashmere sweater while he wasn 't looking .
tr	I	As we for are you .
tr	O	Could be nearly five decades . '
tr	I	I exclaimed , tears streaming down face my , doubling Jason 's and my laughter .
tr	I	She paused at the foot of the staircase that up wound into the southern tower .
tr	I	I didn 't want to here be .
tr	I	Do need you help with anything ?
tr	I	Was it always there when nothing went else right ?
tr	I	That the 's only thing that puts a damper on today .
tr	I	So let 's make the most of the high life we while can . '
tr	O	I don 't have a car .
tr	I	I just 't don know what that entails .
tr	O	Claire heard a chorus of negatives as the other people in the car agreed with the driver .
tr	I	Sarah 's hand gentle restrained Luther as he started off after the wayward maid .
tr	I	I 'd seen too many horror over flicks the course of my lifetime to just dismiss it outright , though .
tr	O	Alistair couldn 't look away , not when she regarded him in that manner .
tr	I	Gray the traced dead man 's footsteps .
tr	O	Before she could decide where the influence was radiating from , the second car suddenly floored its engine .
tr	I	Nobody else in the could business drive like that . '
tr	O	I figure he 's back in his office , not far away , with an ear stuck to the door .
tr	O	Greyson 's usually not rude like this to me .
tr	I	Cronus licked lips his .
tr	I	Where you your had first date .
tr	I	He opened another Heineken and walked to Mitch table 's .
tr	I	She was no doubt thrilled about the trip and even though all I wanted to do was search for Dank , I 't couldn .
tr	O	It was a light kiss , a gentle kiss .
tr	I	Hitoshi nodded in agreement , as if he had almost been expecting such a scenario -- Araki directed him to sit stood and over him .
tr	O	Keep it together , Evan , I told myself , even when I wanted to punch a hole in the wall .
tr	I	A few in steps and we were met with a set of charging automatons .
tr	I	In spite of the beating , the track didn seem 't to break down as often , either .
tr	O	But he was known for his ability to make a person smile in the middle of a crisis .
tr	O	The two of them eating after a hard day 's work .
tr	O	Joy swirled in her .
tr	O	Watching as Carly moved one leaf around the plate , he surmised that she wasn 't any more hungry than he .
tr	I	All she saw was his back but she also that saw his hair was dark , thick and overlong .
tr	I	Chapter Thirty-six Fear filled Collin 's eyes when he Kylie saw , while pure evil seemed to surround him .
tr	O	They had barracks in the compound for us to sleep in .
tr	I	She didn want 't him to come back , then leave her again because it would hurt too much .
tr	I	There were trees , bushes , and bright colored flowers over all .
tr	O	I went to get up but the smell of blood kept me sitting .
tr	O	It never occurred to her that Jesus might not have had blue eyes .
tr	O	The seasons turned and the years went by , and Davon grew like a well-watered weed .
tr	O	As they pulled away from the curb , Jeff began to take in the interior of the car .
tr	O	Because I was unhappy but too lazy to try to work things out ?
tr	O	She exhaled and carefully set her phone aside .
tr	I	Nothing would be ever between them again .
tr	O	He shook his head .
tr	I	The timid voice from the door herself introduced first .
tr	O	I did not weep nor wring my hands .
tr	O	Kelly grunted his name again when he realized Nick was coming .
tr	O	Crewe has always been protective of the people , and has been able to set aside his own desires and think about what is best for Sheridan .
tr	I	A bed , that she had to admit , had damn nice sheets , in a with bedroom lovely furnishings .
tr	O	With each step he knew his strength was leaving him again .
tr	O	Fifty feet from floor to ceiling , the full dimensions of the place remained unknown .
tr	O	Fear streaks through me as I slowly rise .
tr	O	I 'm somebody else , Sye realized as whoever he was got to his feet .
tr	O	He always just pretended .
tr	I	Yves ' shadow bowed low against the silken wall tent .
tr	I	I kept up the therapy , and by 3 was I finished .
tr	I	And I there stand beside Neil feeling like I 've just been hit .
tr	I	When he up looked , she knew he understood her question .
tr	I	They have the of kind love that most people , including myself , will never understand or experience .
tr	I	Reaching the next island , the two the skirted base .
tr	O	She was scared to open her eyes .
tr	O	And a message was waiting .
tr	I	She let him drop dusted and her hands .
tr	O	It 's funny how two simple words can send her into a frenzy of typing on her tablet .
tr	O	Patrice smoothed her skirt as we prepared for the first day of classes .
tr	I	When I see Heather , I see a person changed .
tr	O	Her lips tightened momentarily but then smoothed back out .
tr	I	Boy , she talks with everyone , mumbled he to himself .
tr	I	What future job had been Pamela grooming Fitch for , and did it have anything to do with the murders ?
tr	O	I phased and went into the house , Alysha always kept the back door unlocked just in case she needed to come in late in the night .
tr	I	If he 's new here , he probably hasn 't had time to many meet people .
tr	O	She took Alice 's hand in her own .
tr	O	In front of him was a great metal military ship , the sort that would have been used for a landing .
tr	I	But I flail like animal an .
tr	O	I believe you can input the code directly .
tr	O	No matter how much we change , we will know that we are sisters because of these necklaces that will be worn underneath our blouses .
tr	I	Carlos and exchanged I curious glances .
tr	O	I do not feel belittled by this man 's presence the Prince reminded himself .
tr	I	The Holocaust and Israel are closely associated by contemporary most Jews as symbols of collective death and rebirth .
tr	I	Emma glanced quickly at over Julian to see if he 'd heard .
tr	I	The punk young must have been watching her , I reckon .
tr	I	The smell of burning flesh curled everyone nostrils 's up in disgust .
tr	O	McKay might well have thought that Barrett had been killed by someone he 'd contacted about the books .
tr	I	Flossie had giving started him the cold shoulder .
tr	I	But if she were , wouldn 't she have given herself better a house than this ?
tr	I	It was wood paneled , which nice was , but dusty pictures hanging on the walls added to its charm .
tr	O	' You are worried about meeting them ? '
tr	O	Opening the garage doors to get the push mower , his eyes opened wide .
tr	I	He asked he but expected the answer to be yes .
tr	I	Jackie had ended up with Iain , and the child they were now expecting Iain was 's .
tr	I	Those eyes only now filled my stomach with such vile disgust .
tr	O	It came from a series of golden plates gifted to him by the angel Moroni .
tr	O	He screamed so loud and hard , that he thought he would expel his intestines .
tr	I	Mackenzie felt marginally better and put the chocolate back in purse her .
tr	I	Perhaps amongst your kind graders third are happy when their teacher dies .
tr	I	She was there right .
tr	O	It would be like him to try and scare me for running off on him in the middle of the night .
tr	O	Jill gave me a sad smile .
tr	O	Beale was waiting for her in the great hall .
tr	O	I exchanged a wry look with Jesse .
tr	I	What they me taught down below .
tr	I	A police officer is a interviewing short balding man with the perpetrator coiled around his wrist .
tr	I	The group of men toppled over one another as Alita 's body flew top on of them .
tr	O	He makes a good presentation , Sarah thinks .
tr	I	But he wasn 't in Storm Desert in 1991 .
tr	I	Kane Anika : told me things she told no one else .
tr	O	Yeah , I knew that part .
tr	O	I was sure that my eyes would have the image in front of them altered by some computer-generated graphics art software .
tr	I	Alex come with me , we need to see if we can any hear sounds or movement . '
tr	I	When Sergio was really hard Mandi slid up and straddled herself on top of him , guiding him into her and began to move back forth and .
tr	I	I think about constantly Erin .
tr	I	The next came one ten days after the President 's Ball .
tr	O	It was a Philippine Navy ship , a World War II vintage landing tank ship .
tr	I	More of filed them out of the woods and as I watched a tall blond with piercing hazel eyes and broad shoulders stepped forward .
tr	O	Sometimes I think I do , and I start one , but it 's been more than three years since I finished one .
tr	O	An hour later , she stood in the middle of the main room surrounded by more furniture than she had ever seen in her life .
tr	I	Or just maybe perfect .
tr	I	At the washboard , she didn 't down slow .
tr	I	She never would try to go back to the Afterlife , would she ?
tr	O	They had to stop when the nursing staff rushed in , thinking something was wrong .
tr	O	He pointed a fry at me .
tr	O	Maybe Avalon would give me some explanation .
tr	I	He stepped up into the cab gestured and for them to get in .
tr	O	The Westie goes galloping over to Emerson when he whistles .
tr	O	But I for one cannot and will not allow myself to be possessed by anyone .
tr	O	And he knew why .
tr	O	Herbie kept control of his face but his eyes were filling again .
tr	I	We chased and hundreds slew of critters , ranging from field mice to foxes .
tr	O	They 'd kissed here in the barn before climbing into the hayloft .
tr	I	Taylor and I were eavesdropping on the couple to get a better idea where of everything was located .
tr	I	A split second later the window southern spider webbed .
tr	O	I look at Merv .
tr	O	He gave me a weak smile .
tr	O	I know she 's lying .
tr	I	The voice of mind his had spoken the unexpected .
tr	O	It seemed like too much responsibility for just a bunch of moving parts .
tr	O	After its agreement with the militia , it moved swiftly across the middle of Vermont and New Hampshire into central Maine .
tr	O	Being taken away without any notice and without any goodbyes ?
tr	O	They toasted their coming nuptials with champagne drunk from tall fluted glasses .
tr	O	Gabe 's jaw nearly cracked from how hard he was gritting his teeth as he fought to keep his emotions from breaking the surface .
tr	I	In this case , Ron thought it best to simply hang back and tail her .
tr	I	The that sight greeted him was beyond anything he might have imagined .
tr	O	Len would always be there with me .
tr	O	Though she 's trying hard to hide it , I can see she 's as afraid of me as I am afraid of her .
tr	I	Mrs Sugden sat with her sister , desperate to know where her was husband .
tr	I	His argument get to away with anything .
tr	O	By midafternoon , the wind coming in from the west was howling through the mountains , and the clouds it carried had gone even darker .
tr	I	She told me she finally her worked way up and this was the first year she was a featured player .
tr	O	' You were so young to be on your own . '
tr	I	When they pulled apart , Otto 's narrowed gaze on the bow and arrow tattoo on Nick 's face .
tr	I	So last night , I tried let to go of him .
tr	I	Your is procrastination giving me an ulcer .
tr	I	In any case , Francesca could do other no than live by the code of her people and share what was hers with him .
tr	O	I look away because my eyes are starting to tear up .
tr	I	He choked on the fiery he cider was tentatively drinking , and she thumped him on the back a few times .
tr	O	Somehow it helped to soothe the pain that gnawed away at his soul .
tr	O	But inside , Tara was in torment .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure if my heart would ever back go to a normal rhythm .
tr	I	' Do you have a copy of this message to show me to this confirm ? '
tr	O	He never beat or killed any of the servants himself .
tr	I	It took me three hours without putting it to down read from front to back !
tr	O	Concentrating on the spirit hovering around the Dark Lord , he released the magic that was as ancient as the beginning of time .
tr	O	There was little remaining .
tr	I	I thought inside head my , the terror competing with curiosity .
tr	O	I didn 't turn back .
tr	O	Walker seemed to snap out of the trance first .
tr	I	I pulled out of Prophet the 's complex and headed down Tangerine Drive towards Orlando .
tr	O	These men , appearing distinctly Asian in appearance by birth rather than any sort of glamour , had seen portals many times .
tr	I	Kylie glared at the man old .
tr	I	She tossed a into parcel the bottom of his boat , avoiding his gaze .
tr	I	He 's for looking you .
tr	I	But don I 't recall it .
tr	O	Every few seconds , he 'd cast glances toward the entrance of the pizza parlor to see if his family had arrived .
tr	I	Her screams prove me right fuel and my chant .
tr	O	He had to try .
tr	I	But the first fifty a to hundred feet of each road was packed with stores , restaurants , and bars .
tr	I	Uriah and Zeke are there , throwing off pebbles the roof and listening for the clatter when they hit the windows .
tr	O	I imagined his turmoil dealing with a condition that he hadn 't asked for .
tr	O	I went out , fully dressed and he pushed past me with a smile and brushed his teeth .
tr	O	Its piercing white eyes were fixed on me -- glass person , no doubt .
tr	I	I had looked into worse than eyes his .
tr	I	Tiffany shook her head then and shrugged half-heartedly .
tr	O	He was certainly keeping a close watch .
tr	O	Someone who can tolerate the whispers about whether or not you can get it up for her .
tr	O	I 'm writing it for the gig .
tr	O	As we are passing the Elders , they growl at us .
tr	I	I was about to have that and a grilled cheese sandwich supper for .
tr	O	She would slip out into the streets of the Park at night to run .
tr	I	Likewise , my eyes were black , very black hers ; were crystal blue .
tr	O	He still had the same wonderful exuberance .
tr	O	He loomed over her , his expression resolute , as he held her arms at her sides .
tr	I	She gasped , and then groaned when his hips against rubbed hers .
tr	O	Beth paused next to the table .
tr	I	You make sure they know desire your , but you keep it locked away .
tr	I	The man the in trench coat screamed .
tr	I	' Fly us down there , ' I said , pointing at Librarian the army camp outside the city .
tr	I	A scream in strangled the back of her throat .
tr	O	The wound on Rachel 's arm had stopped bleeding , and the adrenaline coursing through her body had muted the pain and sharpened her focus .
tr	O	He had come on this expedition to verify Amy 's dreams - a fascinating psychological insight - but now the stakes were suddenly much higher .
tr	O	Then , the Most High adopted me .
tr	I	With Kellan , it somehow seemed level a of respect that he never tried to copy him .
tr	I	As he sat trying to think of a way to his accomplish goal he heard two voices come into the room .
tr	O	Collin pondered all of this as he walked back to his car parked at the cathedral .
tr	O	Her stomach cramped ; her throat was swelling , closing off .
tr	O	She guessed they were in no rush .
tr	O	She grew more and more lovely with each passing day .
tr	I	When he went all nearly the breaking sound barrier vampire was another .
tr	I	That paedophile had hardly required any .
tr	I	Dark eyes met 's Tucker .
tr	I	And it will keep going forever or until I him save .
tr	O	I covered my mouth in horror as Rush 's eyes went wide .
tr	O	The room was in shambles .
tr	I	But it 's personal not .
tr	I	Minos stood a in pool of flame that waltzed around his feet .
tr	I	Without hesitation , Alec jumps gracefully down followed by Connor .
tr	O	And it brought out an ache so deep inside her that her throat tightened .
tr	I	Ryder nodded and closed his eyes again , and soon his breathing and slowed deepened and he was asleep again .
tr	I	His words flowed through mind my as clear as the day I 'd first heard them .
tr	O	I watched her get pale and thin ; she couldn 't keep her food down .
tr	I	I chew my at lower lip .
tr	O	Sitting up , she plumped her pillow a few times and then lay back down .
tr	O	The feel of him .
tr	O	I sighed in relief , heading for the bathroom to relieve myself .
tr	I	Gretchen 's wrist began to swell and turn a purple deep .
tr	O	I congratulated him when a lacrosse game went well , and he seemed genuinely touched that I 'd been in the stands .
tr	I	A few campers hung around the front of lunchroom the .
tr	I	' You 've proven highly yourself capable in combat situations .
tr	I	Didn 't think he could either take one .
tr	I	The rest come would .
tr	O	How can you even discuss this ?
tr	O	What was I thinking ?
tr	I	I wanted so many things I 'd been scared to before want .
tr	O	Kaden stood up as well .
tr	O	So now he had finally asked her out .
tr	I	I didn 't know how until much I saw all of them standing in front of me .
tr	I	We make it back to camp in record time because of our forms and I hurry and back shift and throw on some clothes .
tr	O	He focused carefully on the trees and things became more clear .
tr	I	He close was now .
tr	I	She nodded at the shock on face my .
tr	O	Strange girl , he thought .
tr	I	Norman sat with Beth in silence a for moment .
tr	I	They 're running angel an school now ?
tr	I	He was the awesome guy I thought he was all along and wanted I to fling my arms around him and give him a huge hug .
tr	I	My is meeting at noon .
tr	O	One stone sliced past and caught her face .
tr	O	I went to John , while Henrietta helped Loren out .
tr	I	She must have looked far more innocent than she felt , because the old man opened the door wide gestured and for her to go ahead .
tr	I	She was always gracious those to she subdued .
tr	O	When she was gone , it created a huge hole .
tr	O	Puddles were already collecting in its bottom , thanks to the rain .
tr	I	He felt it would take than more pizza to improve Ronan 's character .
tr	I	9 I reach behind me for Cade 's tie pull and him around to me .
tr	O	And then ... there was the undead .
tr	O	' I 'm not willing to take that chance , ' I said .
tr	O	While everyone ate , I hid myself in the bathroom .
tr	I	He thinks 's he so great .
tr	O	She truly believed he was a slaver and that she 'd had a hand in helping him along that path because she 'd been his torturer .
tr	I	Bren house 's , the forest , and everything she had known and loved were gone .
tr	O	I missed being around him , but the idea of talking to him after everything I had witnessed and heard of made my mind whirl .
tr	O	Again and again they spun until she thought the little girl must be getting dizzy , and finally put her down .
tr	I	I 'd left it on the next floor to the couch .
tr	O	Adventure had , by now , made its way through the Ocracoke Inlet into the open Atlantic , heading out to dispose of the body .
tr	O	Gansey jumped as a cold dog nose shoved into his dangling palm - the mutt that had so savagely attacked his tires earlier .
tr	O	Grace had given him so much more than he had ever expected to have .
tr	O	She raised her hand .
tr	I	His eyes dark looked over my confused face .
tr	I	His soft lips moved against mine , and our tongues slid together in seductive a rhythm .
tr	I	She stared at the round face pink for a moment and knew things .
tr	I	In America life has a become daily quest for instant gratification .
tr	O	Isabelle ran to him and knelt down by his side .
tr	O	He had a big anatomy test Friday .
tr	I	That a is different type .
tr	O	She took a step back and knocked over a vase .
tr	O	I inhale the rest of the burrito as the answer machine beeps .
tr	I	A knock timid came at their box .
tr	I	He lit this last cigarette as he had its predecessor , with the same ease effortless .
tr	I	We are surrounded the by ballet , the theater , the orchestra , the opera , and Juilliard .
tr	I	They looked down upon him like two wolves , as angry as they hungry were .
tr	O	But even if he could forgive her , she doubted he 'd ever be able to forget what she 'd cost him .
tr	I	What you do know about sacrifice ?
tr	I	The night whole was a huge mistake .
tr	O	But the fingers still gripping her hair tugged hard , and he gave a low warning growl .
tr	O	He had a choice between grabbing his radio or his gun .
tr	O	It was signed : you shouldn 't have drunk that stuff .
tr	I	I would at strike the last thing that a lonely , aging German aristocrat loved and valued .
tr	I	When he told Kelly , she apologized for being so unkind their about relationship and said she hoped it would work .
tr	O	Anna would have a night she would never forget .
tr	I	And were you eavesdropping , too .
tr	I	She her narrowed eyes .
tr	O	Nick took a deep breath and looked at his first kill .
tr	O	Her eyes look like my hot choco , that looks funny .
tr	O	She found Hunter still standing looking at the rock fall .
tr	I	But how could she in remain this world ?
tr	O	She shouldn 't have abandoned her primary target .
tr	O	She was so mean !
tr	O	Her expression became adorably serious .
tr	O	Nisha had even helped Emma break into the hospital mental health records to find out the truth about Becky 's past .
tr	O	Iseo realized he had done it to her again .
tr	O	The lift came to a stop deep under the ground .
tr	O	They went to the office .
tr	I	He never remembered humans reacting that way to kind his in the old days .
tr	I	Facing the truth would definitely mean giving her up career .
tr	I	We reached Louis St. well past noon .
tr	O	She had never experienced anything like these feelings before .
tr	O	I bent my head and narrowed my gaze .
tr	I	I could see uncertainty the in her face .
tr	I	He scoops up the weapon and shoves it into boy the 's trembling hands .
tr	I	Abigail had said was it almost time for my next dose .
tr	I	Would spirit come if back I stopped taking them ?
tr	O	The man turns towards me and shakes his head just a bit .
tr	I	Brian could feel his pants being pulled down , along with underwear his .
tr	I	Cold as ice , his tongue lightly traced the of shape my lips .
tr	I	And he 't didn want her .
tr	I	He looked to be nine around or ten years old , and wore a hat that looked like it had once been a raccoon .
tr	O	He forces a smile .
tr	I	I could tell from the way he moved that he hadn 't seen the city 's installation new before .
tr	I	Paulo came looking for him when he late was for his shift .
tr	I	For a brief second , almost Stone pitied them .
tr	O	Logan turned to the man next to him and said something .
tr	I	Anthony shrugged as his brother lowered himself one onto of the seats .
tr	O	She must be blessed by the obvious depth of his feelings .
tr	O	I closed my eyes , overtaken by the sensation .
tr	I	I don 't know what was wrong me with , but I guessed I 'm ashamed to see my father .
tr	I	He 's tough nails as .
tr	O	They didn 't get a chance to answer because she heard a cracking sound and the cabin 's front door swung open .
tr	I	Her was voice small .
tr	O	He also had a very complicated explanation about how balancing a chicken in a tree was a well-established gentry method of determining gender .
tr	O	A true romantic , though he hid it well .
tr	I	He took a sip and his mouth in contorted response to the aftertaste .
tr	I	What a ridiculous position for the of son a fishing family to be in !
tr	I	After checking out at Vancouver International Airport , my mother handed me the winter coat she 'd me bought at Changi Airport before putting hers on .
tr	O	I want to talk about one day when I was bored .
tr	I	Claire seemed bent on that doing herself .
tr	I	He pointed at of one his soldiers , who went scurrying off .
tr	O	However , turning for one last glance of the old mausoleum , he knew he wasn 't crazy or imagining things .
tr	O	He smiled at her instant defense of him .
tr	O	Smiling , he rolled over with her so that he could finally take control of their play .
tr	I	She wanted to take everything away that matters to you .
tr	I	It was pretty cleaver a buying big policy on himself and sneaking in a rider on Sheila .
tr	O	He likes to kill .
tr	O	He could feel her gaze moving over his body , a silken sweep that left him as hard as a rock .
tr	O	Then something came to Emma in a flash .
tr	O	she asked with surprise .
tr	I	' But I 't don care .
tr	I	A simple was yes worth nothing .
tr	O	A moment later , a big hand grabbed the back of her coat , hauled her upright , and began whacking the snow off her .
tr	O	Too many weird secrets .
tr	I	Don 't you think want I to save him ?
tr	O	I couldn 't move .
tr	O	Micah was grounded , but the disappointment hurt worse .
tr	I	He closed his hand around hers and tugged from it his shirt .
tr	I	A place where the cushion was to attached the wood behind it , perhaps ?
tr	O	The vanguard of the pterodactyl race received a hail of javelins in the face ; but more kept coming , wave on savage wave .
tr	O	My intuition was still screaming that something bad was coming ... or maybe it was already here .
tr	O	Nikolai 's jaw clenched .
tr	I	There was no privacy in a police station , more any than Dan could expect privacy on a party line .
tr	I	Colin slid open a drawer and withdrew a small pouch velvet .
tr	I	My teasing brings a smile small of relief to Day 's lips .
tr	I	He disliked the idea of other mortals , or vampires for that matter , getting off on watching him his with meal .
tr	O	In her line of work , no one died .
tr	O	Now I just wish she would leave me alone .
tr	I	He felt his way through haze a of remote movement and wavering shapes .
tr	O	I couldn 't help laughing at Trisha 's affronted expression .
tr	O	Josh picked at some dirt under his nails .
tr	I	An attendant behind the counter reading a book looked up and them regarded curiously .
tr	O	Energies burst forth from the staff and set the mists and the blood to roiling .
tr	O	But there you were , large as life on that parking deck and obviously very good at your job .
tr	I	A life her with meant a hell of a lot more to him .
tr	I	We ordered a from local Chinese delivery and watched movies in the living room while we ate out of the little white boxes .
tr	I	It 's going to us tell something .
tr	I	We were sitting at the Formica 1950s dining table in the breakfast nook of Gotcha 's kitchen .
tr	O	Cate sat beside him and carefully held the cup to his lips , hoping she wouldn 't spill the coffee and scald him .
tr	O	I clench around his fingers .
tr	O	Using the speed that all halfs have , and the extra oomph of the Apollyon , I darted around the bumper and into the lane .
tr	I	I to used watch her sleeping .
tr	O	Fintan put his hand to his face .
tr	O	I don 't want to be angry anymore .
tr	O	Warner 's eyes are trained on me , his lips twitching with suppressed amusement .
tr	O	Though Scarf Ace didn 't initially play London pubs they got involved with everything locally that supported youths .
tr	O	He held his serious expression for a few seconds , then chuckled .
tr	I	Her skin gleamed with health , stretching over taut those elegant bones .
tr	O	' He is my assistant but he is already giving the orders .
tr	I	Chairs couches and were broken , and yet sat perfectly upright , as if waiting for owners that would never return .
tr	I	With Link almost upon him , he to decides get things started with a sweeping gesture of his arm .
tr	I	The lines of Erich 's scratches still showed upon my skin , and each one glimmered with droplets silver of blood .
tr	I	Richard had explained that the Musicians ' Union insisted acts re-record their songs Top for of the Pops .
tr	O	I braced , but hit the bed hard .
tr	I	I don 't want you driving here over alone .
tr	O	If you could mess with wires , you were way ahead of the pack .
tr	O	The dangers presented themselves to him as much more real this time .
tr	O	Aline 's eyebrows shot up .
tr	O	But , as all but the most gullible knew , the Templars had more on their minds than helpless pilgrims .
tr	I	When you are afraid , you are thinking only yourself of .
tr	I	A five pound bag of Pillsbury flour was with interchangeable the other twenty bags on the shelf .
tr	I	Logan still dazed seemed , while Jacob was flushed .
tr	O	Handed her in , fingers warm around hers .
tr	O	I 'm guessing that it 's Soeren something -- isn 't that right ?
tr	I	Father Tomas surmised the that younger priest told the truth by his annoyed countenance .
tr	I	* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * Tuesday morning , Jerry arrived back at work alone .
tr	O	The way he said it , I felt almost threatened .
tr	O	He had inflicted mortal wounds on more than one occasion , yet he had never bested Lucian , never managed to destroy him .
tr	I	Jock was now of driving age but had failed several attempts obtaining at a drivers license .
tr	O	Then , Veronica bounced back to the service counter .
tr	I	While doing that , I 'd be with my and wife child , maybe with another one on the way .
tr	O	So , for now , Shannon 's needs were met by her trusty and ever faithful vibrator .
tr	O	Five strangers were knocking on his suite door .
tr	I	Sabine lifted her hand and sent a line flames of racing toward him .
tr	I	Harvey telephoned Udell David .
tr	O	Did you talk to him ?
tr	I	She eyes the stack of pancakes in front me of .
tr	I	Did he resent 's Ezio leadership ?
tr	I	Doth this perchance resonate any in way within thy recent memory ? '
tr	O	I looked over his shoulder at Grace and she grinned .
tr	O	Verity felt a cold chill .
tr	I	I pick them up , study their orange centres , then them put in my left trouser pocket .
tr	I	Every hour that passes is just another hour of agony , on wasted waiting for any kind of news .
tr	I	A at movement the window caught her eye .
tr	I	Elena nodded , although half her was lunch stil on her tray .
tr	I	We all need accept to answers about decision-making and choices of human consciousness in a very open and relative way .
tr	I	The hot and arid terrain made their skin as strong as leather , and the ever-changing volcano made - them at least those who survived - adaptable .
tr	I	Hank held my stare with defiance , his eyes amber flashing .
tr	O	The Dark wasn 't kind to stragglers .
tr	O	I 'd volunteered as a model once in my junior year art class , for extra credit .
tr	O	As she spoke , she carefully guided herself into the green .
tr	O	Outside , the night was completely dark .
tr	I	Then she took his still hand on the sofa and pulled it to her head so he held her with both .
tr	O	Blake broke the silence .
tr	I	He had she hoped would come around .
tr	O	Vic hardly ever smiles .
tr	O	The grave was located near the back , a ways behind the tiny chapel that marked the center of the ancient churchyard .
tr	I	She was to glad see him , no matter how she fought that truth .
tr	I	Rock kept his pace casual over to the computer .
tr	I	The boy nodded eagerly and off ran .
tr	I	But John sincerely was pleased .
tr	I	She also a ran company that offered phone sex , and strippers for private parties .
tr	I	I 'm dizzy with desire for him after not being near for him close to a month .
tr	I	Manfred glanced behind him to see if the was Rev also leaving the gloomy building .
tr	O	Now sitting upright and trying to shake the dream 's eerie sensation , she began to ponder the meaning .
tr	I	Nicolas went over his in mind the tee shot that had ended .
tr	O	How hard it was for her to stand in the home her grandmother had made for them without Gran 's steadfast presence any more .
tr	O	' Dimitri , ' he said , nodding to the middle-aged man in a dove grey suit at the head of the group .
tr	I	He drew her over to the stone wall along cliff the edge .
tr	O	I peered over the side of the bed .
tr	I	Standing up Mama reached and out squeezed my hand .
tr	I	And what do you mean when real the prince returns .
tr	O	I tried to turn the wheel again and couldn 't .
tr	O	He found a hymnal and casually perused the pages while Ida slept .
tr	I	Her hand from slid the glass .
tr	I	There are in clothes the closet .
tr	I	That wasn 't of part the memory .
tr	I	It was the positive only benefit of it .
tr	O	I fight down the flicker of resentment in my chest .
tr	I	The two men followed her as she paced through the underbrush , navigating the darkness with an ease and they grace could not mimic .
tr	I	Why he would fight ?
tr	I	His words echoed my in head .
tr	O	Do you really think you 're ready for this ?
tr	I	I tried to regain serenity , but bile the within me would not allow it .
tr	O	And even then I slept most of the time .
tr	I	Red Talon 's body pulsed and with contracted the pain .
tr	I	Julie had forgotten water that wasn tainted 't by plastic and forced into her mouth .
tr	O	These clues only demonstrate the fact that what has occurred is reversible .
tr	O	We 're a family in that mountain .
tr	I	I cried into his as shoulder he carried me back inside and laid me back down on the bed .
tr	O	Then you should have no problem sticking it into a German on the battle field , before he has a chance to stick his bayonet into you .
tr	O	Of course they won 't be able to help , she thought .
tr	I	I need to before leave he sees me .
tr	I	Keep it right here while we go to our Eye in Sky the .
tr	I	She placed her leather wallet on Dave tray 's table and flipped it open .
tr	I	Since the country , essence in , made the cause , the country would experience the effect .
tr	O	Here you are held to a higher standard .
tr	O	She had to stall until Crusty stepped outside .
tr	O	The breeze in my unbound hair .
tr	I	But I don 't have to go Zane to 's , because she 's walking toward me , marching right up to me .
tr	O	Despite his now deep and resonant voice , his intonations and pauses reminded me of the much younger Sam .
tr	O	He was a stately man with graying lines of silver hair who wore a sharp martial uniform .
tr	O	It was a thoughtful thing for a man to do when he was otherwise trying to hurt her .
tr	I	Shayne 's twins would still always be niece my and nephew .
tr	O	I met the girl 's stare for a long moment .
tr	O	Viola says , jumping back .
tr	O	She has a pair of plaid pants on , a torn black t-shirt , and combat boots .
tr	I	Ezra nothing said but looked at his enemy viciously imagining how he would kill him .
tr	I	He gestured to Georgie sit to .
tr	I	Would you like drink a ?
tr	I	I have to say that your instruments ' power failed at a crucial when time we were coming in during a storm .
tr	I	He turned to at look her , as if caught by surprise .
tr	O	I waited for my heart to stop pounding before leaving myself .
tr	O	he yelled up to me .
tr	I	Then he felt the warm embrace of the darkness and the last he thing saw was Andra 's sleeping face .
tr	O	I touch her hand to let her know how proud I am of her .
tr	O	Jake needed to reassure her she 'd be in control whenever she wanted , but maybe tying her to the bed wasn 't the best demonstration .
tr	O	If I was lucky and fell asleep quickly , I could maybe get four hours in .
tr	O	A smile smoothed the wrinkles from the countess 's lips .
tr	O	I kicked at him , not sure what I was expecting this time .
tr	I	I know exactly pulled who the trigger .
tr	O	Then it struck her how many of those odd dreams had included Philip .
tr	I	Four hours later Paige scooted a box across the office with floor the toe of her tennis shoe as she collected papers .
tr	I	About five minutes later , the church soldiers by galloped , their red tunics dark in the dawn light .
tr	I	Jared shook head his .
tr	I	One snap and it would be all over .
tr	I	I knew right away that the ring I was wearing had once his been first wives .
tr	O	Her voice wobbled just a little , but that didn 't diminish the strength of her indignation .
tr	I	He grabbed both of my hands and raised my arms over my head , pinning them with one hand firm while the other skillfully unbuttoned my jeans .
tr	I	Did she even me miss ?
tr	I	He and I went back and on forth the specifics .
tr	O	What did it mean ?
tr	I	He let me and content was to assist .
tr	I	She taste could the alcohol on his breath .
tr	I	He was going to stand by his promise to save little the girl 's life .
tr	O	She stood on the side of a highway .
tr	I	She snapped another picture of Joshua with the as barn a backdrop .
tr	O	They were brothers , and all they sought was a safe haven and a little compassion .
tr	O	I tried to raise mine back at her , but my face failed and she burst out laughing .
tr	O	At the time , I thought she was talking about my father .
tr	I	It sat nearby , she where 'd dropped it when they 'd established their position on a plateau overlooking the compound .
tr	I	There to had be more than forty kids .
tr	I	There wasn 't anything I wouldn do 't for Raquel .
tr	I	Those bastards Washington in put us into a bad spot .
tr	I	Turning I gaze up at beautiful his green eyes .
tr	I	All the laws in universe the wouldn 't have given him enough strength to overcome the feelings he began to develop for her .
tr	I	You can 't imagine that I like the idea of sending out hunters to slaughter helpless these creatures !
tr	O	Please ... I know you 're there .
tr	O	He only continued toward Deni at her flowerbed when she gave him a nod .
tr	I	He took his off tee shirt and felt the breeze full across his chest .
tr	O	Then he bent down and kissed me .
tr	I	After all , the woman looked like her face had been caught in a garbage disposal and then repaired by a wild pack clowns of .
tr	O	I 've never heard her curse before .
tr	I	She waved her hand vaguely toward staircase the .
tr	O	When he opened the door , I jumped on him and said some , er ... things that I hope she didn 't hear .
tr	O	Using his voice to convince her he was harmless , that he would never hurt her .
tr	I	Slowly , she wriggled down it , conscious of Caleb 's gaze roaming her .
tr	O	The person 's is identity masked by black clothing and a black hood over their head .
tr	I	What harm could telling do me ?
tr	O	I already feel like I 've lost you , so telling you seems like the right thing to do .
tr	O	A heartbeat later , an arrow slammed into the sand where Gareth had been standing a moment before .
tr	I	Suddenly , she became very conscious of how larger much he was than she .
tr	I	This place should be teeming faeries with .
tr	I	Maybe then Jill could squirm her way out from underneath Milos thumb 's .
tr	O	Ryder said on Sunday when we arrived at my house for dinner .
tr	O	He would want her until the day he died .
tr	O	He laughed as his arm reached around my waist and pulled me toward him .
tr	O	The sight was so amazing that he nearly got caught looking before diving under a large pallet of sheet metal .
tr	I	Nah , I didn 't for care his friends and wouldn 't trust them with Cassie .
tr	I	But he curls his claws obvious in distress .
tr	I	Then she began snore to .
tr	I	A girl who was in love with a quiet , shy boy sat who at the front of the class .
tr	I	The at crash Aly 's door came without warning .
tr	I	Lily for reached his hand .
tr	I	You regret 'll this rash proposal later .
tr	O	He was about to take off the top of his egg .
tr	O	It had been a while since finders had come to town , and their arrival always began with hope , and ended with disappointment .
tr	O	The top is nothing more than two tiny triangles that hang on to each perfect breast .
tr	I	Could they live incredibly long lives , survive the unthinkable , be to able control their hearts and lungs ?
tr	I	The Watermark have may lacked an historic link but impressed its visitors with pure elegance .
tr	I	' She doesn 't ask me about either things , it 's good that way . '
tr	I	He at looked her .
tr	O	He looked familiar , but Bryan couldn 't remember where he had seen him before .
tr	I	Hunter was growing interested more .
tr	I	Lord nodded Fairfax instantly .
tr	I	She her licked glossy lips .
tr	O	She was scrawny and scared and looked like she hadn 't slept in a week .
tr	I	It a was relief as it meant one less thing to worry about .
tr	O	' Not after what you did . '
tr	I	In my reading of medieval literature I found a trick , a meditation , which Knights the Templar had used long before Edward 's time .
tr	I	They walked up to their together sister .
tr	O	came over the radio .
tr	I	Coming from him in this moment and in this way , his and words deep voice entrance me and keep me wanting more .
tr	O	Questions raced through Gretchen 's mind with no easy answers following behind .
tr	I	What if the didn baby 't like her ?
tr	I	Voices out broke everywhere in a delirium of convivial thanks and praise .
tr	O	He was not much interested and was leafing through the book .
tr	O	For all I knew , Natalie was in on it .
tr	I	He muttered and apologies slowly sank to the floor with her .
tr	I	The outburst brought a scowl to the JV Coach 's face and I his followed glare into the stands .
tr	I	Their had truce lasted only a few days after their return .
tr	O	I 'll be back as soon as I can and will explain everything .
tr	I	It has always been in the and sunset the wonders of the world .
tr	O	I thread my fingers through hers and steer us up the hill towards the castle , the windows glowing in the night .
tr	I	She the snatched cake and sank her teeth into the pastry , groaning .
tr	O	I couldn 't comprehend the strange question .
tr	O	Though I 'd set a fire before dinner , it has died and the room is cold .
tr	I	I had texted Trevor when I got in my car , so he I knew was coming , and I texted him again .
tr	O	I went and pulled it out , curious .
tr	I	Fellows came around the desk and stood her over , his breath hurting him .
tr	O	He smelled so good - clean , soapy , everything male and masculine .
tr	I	It dirty was but it appeared largely undamaged .
tr	I	In the few days I had known James , he had made me do that more than I ever had done it in my life .
tr	O	At least it is a Monday and not the weekend when there would have been little chance of pulling off this job .
tr	O	Her comfort doesn 't matter .
tr	O	He stopped when he reached the place where he 'd started .
tr	I	She and turned showed her sister the rip in her jeans .
tr	O	She grabbed for the sheets even as he yanked on his jeans .
tr	O	I needed to talk to Aiden .
tr	I	I guess was I supposed to inquire more .
tr	I	Daddy kept his shield up and 't didn say a word as he followed her back to the house .
tr	I	There are many too .
tr	O	Well , there is only one girl I want to be with and she ' s right here , he said .
tr	O	Shane kissed the tip of her nose .
tr	O	Thus I walked up to him and gave him a hug , much to his surprise .
tr	I	Benny 's anger was misplaced , as though it were brother his making the demands .
tr	O	The transports had been waiting for a signal to jump to Earth and begin an assault on her cities , but the signal , thankfully never came .
tr	O	I walked through the grand hallway , my silver gown flowing around me .
tr	O	Only probably not exactly the same thing because Bishop and I didn 't have sex .
tr	O	The weather had cooled .
tr	I	The book was a procedure manual for testing the associated with the Gene Search project .
tr	O	I 'm here to survive one day at a time , and in doing so maintain as much self-respect and dignity as possible .
tr	O	I didn 't want to put him in the relationship column with all the other guys I 'd dated .
tr	O	Even if I have no fond memory of Wales , Father Joseph is a gentle and Godly man .
tr	I	And thanks for your suggestions what about else to try feeding Sweetpea .
tr	O	Connie would never forget this day or her grandfather .
tr	I	There 's something missing along way the , as a result .
tr	I	Not in or thought deed .
tr	O	Lief nodded , but Nick wasn 't ready to believe him .
tr	O	She giggles and leans up to kiss my neck .
tr	O	He pulled the trigger again .
tr	O	Sam was still staring straight ahead , hardly noticing him .
tr	I	She joined him at the window and linked arm her in his .
tr	O	I would give her no reason to hold me back from it .
tr	I	For a brief moment she thought about it changed but her mind fast .
tr	O	He lowers his body closer to mine and I grip onto his arms as his mouth reaches mine .
tr	I	I you hate for this .
tr	I	He was right ; in war a like this I would use my greatest weapon .
tr	I	It was the third time since Seth 's disappearance that he 'd dreamed of night that .
tr	I	The man felt the lights in the room grow more intense and his became breathing a little shallow .
tr	O	I called after her and gave the hallway another look to make sure I wouldn 't get lost .
tr	I	I 't didn want to let go of Flora , but she slipped out from under my hands , leaving me free to greet Mrs Brampton .
tr	O	He 'd picked up the bouquet of her favorite daisies from the grocery store on his way to the hospital .
tr	I	Then she was enough under to control speak to me .
tr	O	Stop by her blog to read about her miniatures , sculptures , paintings , and her beloved beagle , Nero .
tr	O	Cindy blew smoke in his direction .
tr	I	I was going to ignore it I when saw Riley look at the screen and jump up .
tr	O	While he submitted to this minor indignity , the detective flicked his eyes about the place .
tr	I	They quickly pull the cub down below and the close door , as the cub cries out for help .
tr	I	He just didn recognize 't the name .
tr	O	Sidra sighed and nodded .
tr	O	What scientist wouldn 't be tempted ?
tr	O	Henry ignored the mountain .
tr	O	Mom and Uncle both smile at the same time .
tr	I	Since when do I have one those of ?
tr	I	A drop single instantly calmed the water .
tr	I	He while frowned opening it and taking several sips .
tr	O	* * * The swinging doors had barely closed behind Smith and the maternity nurse when Lori moved to Valentina 's side .
tr	I	I enjoyed sleeping little a late today .
tr	I	one of the best about things cruising without any time limitations .
tr	O	Lady Allendale said blankly .
tr	O	She 'd been watching the late afternoon sky change to deep , vibrant reds and yellows .
tr	I	The stranger had every intention of shooting if it came to it and her confidence must have to gotten Aquarius sending him on his way .
tr	I	But Hart Mackenzie could never bow , apologize , back or away for the sake of another .
tr	O	What could they do against people in complete control of their faculties ?
tr	O	The cab pulled up to the front of the hotel and the driver looked at Jess , nodding .
tr	O	Yvonne helped prop her daughter up in bed .
tr	O	It 's not every day you see someone bundled out of their car and into the back of a van .
tr	I	Mr Briggs looked at over Messenger , who shook his head .
tr	I	They had The Skulls on speaker phone , and all the crew present was to hear it .
tr	I	I them asked to go back to L.A. I knew you didn 't want them here .
tr	O	Stevenson and I were ambushed by a group of ruffians , and though now I am safe it was a bit unexpected .
tr	O	I tried to fight against them but they were like two brick walls .
tr	O	It looked like Ken 's handwriting .
tr	I	She had me mistaken for a normal guy .
tr	O	I know one last secret .
tr	O	I only caused you troubles from the very start .
tr	O	Then the smell began to fade like expensive perfume when the wearer leaves the room .
tr	I	I in squeak fear .
tr	O	Alanna and Thomas held hands as they walked through the door .
tr	O	Her excitement was so intense , her rush of joy so totally encompassing , that it pushed aside her gnawing hunger .
tr	I	The fire was building around me and higher higher .
tr	I	I home went with Vasily .
tr	O	he shouted , trying to persuade her to stop fighting .
tr	I	Then Hayden 's gaze shifted to her as if reconsidering stance his .
tr	I	Does that mean you 've come back life to ?
tr	O	And now , nearly two weeks later , here he sat with Hawk in the cantina .
tr	I	Now that a was surprise .
tr	I	And she had no intention of visiting the doctors with couches in their offices to out find .
tr	I	He cupped my in chin his hand .
tr	O	So that was it .
tr	O	The warning only seemed to make Ser Maynard more interesting to Egg .
tr	O	For in the end You are not unique in asking for blood ; You are unique in Whose blood is taken .
tr	O	I never could live up to her image .
tr	O	Red and green and white moved brown and orange aside .
tr	O	Humans in coats still milled around the carnival , holding cheap stuffed animals and knickknacks they 'd won on the midway .
tr	O	Akane closed the door to the room .
tr	O	Your hearts are still pumping blood through your veins .
tr	I	Either way some part of man the would be cut up in a barbaric manner .
tr	I	And they will not expect us to take that route , not in hundred a years would they expect this . '
tr	I	He was quite dry and inside comfortable his buttoned-up Sunbeam staff car .
tr	O	I step off the ball , pivot around it , and give it a quick kick , right to the girl .
tr	O	I was starting to wonder if I 'd lost the ability to speak in complex sentences .
tr	I	Oh , you look hung my picture up .
tr	I	I kept my eyes on Derek 's , if wondering things would really end this way .
tr	O	Beside him , Matt felt Kayla stiffen .
tr	O	But I don 't want you here with me because I was able to distract you .
tr	I	He sat forward , pressed his elbows to knees his , and tapped on his phone 's screen .
tr	O	Her curiosity over Henry 's words had won out over personal safety .
tr	I	His face was terrible and sallow , which said Tegan was bad .
tr	I	She 't wasn here to socialize tonight .
tr	O	It 's just this piece of junk that they hired .
tr	I	Silence stretched the between teens as they continued walking .
tr	I	When a Seer and a Guardian have a child child that will either be a Guardian or a Seer based on whether they are female or male .
tr	I	Elliott took a bite and smiled , showing off flakes in teeth her .
tr	I	It almost was February .
tr	O	Greenwood Island was divided into seven regions , each overseen by a governor , appointed by the king , based on loyalty .
tr	O	Kim says there 's something about a bridge .
tr	I	But instead of doing what he wanted , you refused to lose weight and he left you you because 're fat .
tr	I	I into walked Elizabeth 's apartment feeling like a zombie .
tr	O	Though I had escaped my abusers , the nightmares , the pain , and the panic attacks refused to go away .
tr	O	I would not recommend cashing them all in right away , though .
tr	I	The thought of it made her to sick her stomach .
tr	I	He stared at the empty space as if the body might appear miraculously as as it had disappeared .
tr	I	GW , this is a pivotal point in human history , if there 's a chance of making a difference it 's a worth try .
tr	I	Had seeing the pictures of all those dead friends rattled her seemingly grip unshakable ?
tr	O	I 've read the casualty lists in the papers every day , and his name has never appeared .
tr	O	Aria 's surprise was wearing off .
tr	I	The dead drawn had closer .
tr	I	There were thousands of websites dedicated to Aria , as billions of people expressed their gratitude for the gift she had given to world the .
tr	O	During the leisurely paced flight there would be one layover stop to Remus Space Station , actually itself grown into a small city .
tr	I	Tiffany waited in silence , her blanket her around , until the moon came up .
tr	O	The two police captains left the chief 's office and walked together in complete silence downstairs and straight out the station 's front door .
tr	O	He decided that , if he was going to die , he was going to do it with his pride intact .
tr	I	Keller tried think to .
tr	I	Carson the playing guitar .
tr	I	The lights rise and I stand in the middle of a room with white brick walls that skyward tower for as far as the eye can see .
tr	I	Before he could examine it further , they passed under archway the and through a set of huge doors .
tr	I	She dropped her makeup bag in the metal can trash .
tr	O	And you would be rewarded when your large internet debt was paid .
tr	O	The room is cluttered with boxes , shopping bags and clothes .
tr	O	The house was silent and still .
tr	I	You 're with me , and that means I 'm to here help you .
tr	O	Ignoring the desire clouding her eyes , he reached behind him and opened her car door .
tr	I	I cannot me fail .
tr	I	The SUVs shot out onto the asphalt us behind .
tr	O	Daphne was definitely a girly-girl , but she also happened to be a Valkyrie as wel , which meant she was incredibly strong .
tr	I	The way only to enter the building was to shift to human .
tr	I	Emma stuck her finger in her mouth a in gagging gesture .
tr	I	I began to and tumble he caught me in his arms .
tr	I	Like the house , the garden was modest beautiful and .
tr	O	She had to face up to that , put a stop to it and move on .
tr	I	He ducked the swing an of axe and opened a garish wound on the axe wielder 's thigh .
tr	O	Demons don 't last long once a window shuts .
tr	I	Besides , M Uncle already had first dibs on the grounding .
tr	O	Summer pressed her hand over her husband 's .
tr	I	Josef was incredibly brilliant and even if she didn 't want to it hear , she needed to listen to him .
tr	I	Jackson grinned , smacking lightly me on my bare bottom .
tr	I	He slept a at hotel .
tr	I	He cradled her head in his hands and caught tears the with his tongue , tenderly nuzzling against her .
tr	O	The kids started moving away .
tr	I	I had no idea where was Mona leading me .
tr	O	I wore my red dress - the one that he had liked so much last summer .
tr	O	He found a chair and two ancient books awaiting him in the cell .
tr	O	A man stood there holding a revolver ready to fire .
tr	O	We won 't be seeing each other for a while . '
tr	I	I got my hand bandage off , and it to seems have healed up a lot .
tr	I	And she wasn 't she sure wanted to .
tr	I	That the is only reason he was pushed back onto the rooftop .
tr	I	Then it was as if Jacob remembered why he was there , what had made him risk so much money : .
tr	O	He and Nevaeh snuck in behind the dragons , just as the tapestry was unrolling .
tr	I	She had even in been trouble for roughing up suspects .
tr	I	Considering the thoughts rampaging around her brain , perhaps that just was as well .
tr	O	Peter took her hand in his , leading her upstairs without speaking a word .
tr	O	All of it was shocking .
tr	O	The senior partners at the law firm seemed happy to give it to her .
tr	O	Janie kept one hand on the wall to guide her as her eyes adjusted to the darkness .
tr	O	He knew he had some feelings for her and he knew Sebastian had some feelings for her .
tr	I	Bride at frowned them .
tr	O	She put the controller on the couch cushions , and watched him play for a while .
tr	I	But she 't didn retract the claim .
tr	I	Danny methodically emptied the other five rounds from his Colt into doorway the of the saloon .
tr	I	It had been checked the before day .
tr	I	I swallow hard , feeling like idiot an .
tr	I	She happy was with me , Ethan .
tr	I	After the day 's journey , all except for were me fast asleep .
tr	O	Just seeing him made me think of my father .
tr	O	They left and Tessa stood still for a few moments , getting her bearings .
tr	O	So I walked right up to her , tried to speak quietly , pull her away from her friend so we 'd have some privacy .
tr	I	Nanny wasn 't paying attention , didn and 't notice when she fell in the lake .
tr	O	I was the reason we could ensure our survival .
tr	I	Half of the spa concealed is beneath the house by the falling water .
tr	O	His left eye was swollen shut , with dried blood in both corners .
tr	O	Snow piles against the back entrances of the dark brick buildings glowed in the pale moonlight .
tr	O	I had no flashlight at first , but I managed to get a small flashlight and batteries .
tr	O	The thought sent a fresh wave of cold terror down her spine .
tr	I	Elijah and turned ran upstairs .
tr	O	There 's something I need to tell her ; something I probably should have admitted before .
tr	I	What the heck lock are down instructions ?
tr	O	Charles had not noticed the drastic change until he overheard someone else complimenting her on the new look .
tr	I	I my raised knife and shielded myself as the bullet connected with the steel of my knife .
tr	O	Rachel had grown accustomed to stares wherever she went .
tr	O	However , I know the danger we 're taking on here .
tr	I	Perhaps hadn that 't been the smartest idea .
tr	O	Fate pointed to his ever failing headwear .
tr	I	He smiled tensely and forced a chuckle as he fought the anger washing him over .
tr	O	Unable to keep weight on her legs they gave out , she pulled Chris fell into the snow beside her .
tr	I	His flying hands stopped as he over glanced at her .
tr	I	cried Sofia as a stall fish collapsed in her wake .
tr	I	He laughs the turning ship around .
tr	I	When I raised my head I saw them holding also Joshi as their hostage .
tr	O	Mel shook her head .
tr	I	After all , I 'd never seen the Grand Hall look grand as as it did then .
tr	I	I swung my wrist again , catching her thigh other , then slowly , almost lazily , I began to whip it back and forth .
tr	O	The other part was relieved .
tr	O	He studied his own raw and bloodied feet .
tr	I	Vincent and smiled grabbed my hand .
tr	I	I hopped down out of Jeep the and slammed the door .
tr	I	The warrior was working the girl with his fingers , right there , right in front us of and for all who could see .
tr	I	I would rather live in a of life fantasy than live a life of pain and guilt .
tr	I	Farrah 's cheeks heated with blush a .
tr	I	Suddenly her father 's voice closed in her on , sounding loud and unmerciful in her ear , making her doubt .
tr	O	She drew in a shaking breath then she nodded .
tr	I	He could hear barely the wolf , but Conor was making no effort to walk quietly .
tr	I	They 'll kill him just kill to Sebastian .
tr	I	Celaena made a disgusted face , nose her crinkling .
tr	I	I jog Rann to .
tr	O	I wondered if he would come by my house later , or ever again .
tr	I	They 're a little more hurried , and her cheeks are rosy all .
tr	I	I could stop not you , but I did not give up on you .
tr	O	I ran my fingers across her stomach .
tr	I	He left his entire estate Leslie to .
tr	O	The backward momentum picked up .
tr	I	Even before then I 've should known .
tr	I	He lifted the instrument up in arms his .
tr	O	He 'd never worked in a family-run corporation before , though he 'd heard tales from colleagues in like positions .
tr	I	Mother and daughter looked at one another : One pleading for help , the other steeling with herself determination .
tr	O	I couldn 't even imagine getting carded for all eternity .
tr	O	Nicolas wrapped his arm around her head to protect her , sheltering her body with his .
tr	O	He turned a little red .
tr	O	I 'm a danger to society .
tr	I	He and grunted laughed again .
tr	I	Apparently , Brand has the same effect everyone on .
tr	I	Hussein and I weapons swapped so I had the rifle and he had my 9mm .
tr	O	She 'd always been teased by him and his friends as being much too serious ; a pessimistic who hardly saw the bright side of things .
tr	I	Peter thumbed a out tear the corner of his eye and spoke with his own voice .
tr	O	My brain felt like it was submerged in cement that was rapidly drying .
tr	O	You took that to the sheriff .
tr	I	Wrapped her legs around his waist and blindly his found mouth .
tr	I	I wanted to tell all them that .
tr	O	I nodded toward the chair next to her boyfriend , hoping she 'd stick around to help .
tr	I	I got 've a restraining order , Jake .
tr	I	Wind howled around them , Thon causing to shiver .
tr	I	And that be would that .
tr	O	Abby chewed her lip and held back tears .
tr	I	I watched her shoulder compress against the that locker should have been my girlfriend 's and sighed .
tr	O	The thought of Bigfoot running after him through the forest would haunt his dreams for years to come .
tr	O	Shannon glanced over at me as I approached .
tr	O	I looked behind me at the rows of grey houses -- each one identical .
tr	I	I dressed was like a hooker .
tr	I	I scrub every inch of my body with soap my until skin hurts , but it doesn 't help .
tr	I	Charlie looked at with me interest .
tr	O	She 'd given him the information he needed to back up his original story and clear his muddied name .
tr	O	He looked at his watch .
tr	I	It still took me a minute to get up the courage to him look in the eye .
tr	I	A sharp tap on the window woke me up little a later .
tr	I	Phoebe to tried understand where Ginger was going with her trip down memory lane , but the way she saw it , things looked so damn bleak .
tr	O	It 's an illusion ... An echo of something Willow had said resonated through my mind .
tr	I	The effort stay to in touch lasted several Christmases but eventually they 'd lost contact .
tr	I	Phoebe 's shout of 's Lexie name had Devil charging out the door .
tr	O	He kept saying it was fine .
tr	I	Indeed , there was shape a to the face and a look in his eyes that was similar to the older warrior whom Cuthbert had shot .
tr	I	The walked man up to him .
tr	I	Tony at looked me .
tr	I	And perhaps Jesse deserved reprimand the .
tr	I	The in steadiness his voice causes me to look up at him .
tr	O	A second later , the earth reached up and yanked them back in a vicious embrace .
tr	I	He had my heart and there nothing was I could do to change that .
tr	O	Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned .
tr	I	Melissa walked to the front and door Arnie followed .
tr	O	He passed me this thing and I took it .
tr	O	Anxiety set my nerves on high alert .
tr	I	She was in his class and her name Michelle was .
tr	I	I 'd hate for him to think was I rude .
tr	O	Realizing what he 'd said , he turned toward me and chucked me on the shoulder .
tr	I	He was going to up the departure lounge , to go through security .
tr	O	I 'll give you a couple of hours .
tr	O	Mary had demonstrated earlier that she could put away the overhead .
tr	I	Jonathan gently squeezes hand my .
tr	O	Maybe I 've given him the edge he needs , but I can 't watch .
tr	I	How must it feel to live with comfort such and security ?
tr	I	I staring was out in space .
tr	O	I would look again sometime in the near future , but I couldn 't handle it today .
tr	I	Why I should care ?
tr	I	Wanted to make a Faraday so cage nothing electronic could get through .
tr	O	Avalon coughed behind me and I hurried to finish the part I had forgotten .
tr	I	He was also to impossible resist .
tr	O	What I had thought of as a person whom I could talk to was really someone who understood nothing .
tr	I	Did he even want me to be crowned his queen , or was simply I a stand-in for my sister ?
tr	O	All anyone can do now is hope that , for once , they will keep their word .
tr	O	Fenrir 's grinning jowls were damp and red .
tr	O	He was strong , much stronger than he had been before .
tr	I	Vel surprises me by finishing the sentence with a flicker of that dry sense of humor that occasionally rears head its .
tr	I	I thought about everything she 'd told me and wondered why again I 'd come .
tr	I	It wasn 't that I wanted to keep it a secret Rush from .
tr	I	He had only been eight and more than happy to comply .
tr	O	Besides , Chloe Rollins already had a husband and Max didn 't believe in poaching other men 's wives , not even for a casual affair .
tr	O	Without touching me , he stepped off the stoop and onto what was probably the sidewalk under all those magnolia leaves .
tr	I	I thanked the clerk the for wakeup call and stared at the ceiling thinking about my crazy dream .
tr	O	Your little bitch messed a lot of things up for us and we spent years finding her .
tr	I	Her awe gave soon way to joy .
tr	O	You are becoming a beautiful young lady .
tr	O	I thought I would vomit .
tr	O	For the first time , I notice that his car is parked at the front of the stable rather than out back .
tr	O	Her chest seemed five sizes too small for each breath .
tr	O	She 'd always been the good child .
tr	I	At the time , I no had idea of any of this , but I fought my father 's decision .
tr	I	If we kept standing here with the door open , sooner or later mother my would come to investigate .
tr	I	If he could show the that people he was in possession of electricity , he could command anything and everything he wanted to .
tr	O	Here 's the story ... Chapter 1 Being in love with someone who can never love you back is truly pathetic .
tr	I	Before opening his eyes , he reached over to feel the skin warm of his wife .
tr	O	It wasn 't until the late morning hours when Lynn finally returned home and she didn 't have Justin with her .
tr	O	He holds the counter for support .
tr	I	During Spy Games , I always disappointed , always made the wrong choice , always caused a scowl cross to his face .
tr	I	A gasp escapes my mouth at his flirtatious outwardly comment .
tr	O	He knew their type ; pious hypocrites like the church sluts who 'd visited his mom when his pop had been killed .
tr	O	He had accepted her marriage proposal .
tr	I	They hadn 't applied restraints ; they had no ready firearms to hand .
tr	I	He was becoming almost telegraphic his in haste .
tr	I	Jace shrugged , which rubbed his jacket his against sore neck .
tr	I	Ian drew in a breath sharp when he saw them fall to my ankles .
tr	I	It was much different than along traveling the paths and roads before .
tr	I	He straightened the wrinkles out and closed the door behind him before sprawling on the love seat for the last hour half of darkness .
tr	I	What the hell would say I ?
tr	O	She opened the water and smugly took a drink .
tr	O	I ran to my brother 's side and pulled the gag from his mouth .
tr	O	They had , had an argument in the weeks prior , about how much their lives had changed since becoming parents .
tr	O	His eyes swung back to me and I wondered what he was thinking .
tr	O	he whispered , his voice a rumbling in his chest that tickled my ear and reverberated through my jaw .
tr	I	She hesitated , gritted but her teeth .
tr	O	she cried with relief , leaping at him .
tr	O	He may have the court order ready now .
tr	I	Why their did paths have to keep crossing like this ?
tr	I	I don 't know what kind of trouble , I but have to rescue him .
tr	I	Part of her wanted to answer call that .
tr	O	The cavern was filled wall-to-wall with black water .
tr	O	Maddie , also partaking of the coffee , ate little .
tr	O	He lifted his hand in a brief gesture of farewell and left the room to make his way to his mate .
tr	O	The sphere came a bit closer .
tr	O	Her upper arm ached .
tr	O	Can 't right now , she wrote , then turned her phone off .
tr	O	Beth wanted to turn , to look at Galilee .
tr	O	The coach refused to take it .
tr	O	This wasn 't part of the deal .
tr	I	What they diplomat might be protecting .
tr	I	At his skin imperfect , at the goofy grin on his face , at the innocence that radiated from him .
tr	I	Her held smile no cruelty , but it held no warmth , either .
tr	I	However , she was not alone in ridiculously being early .
tr	I	I recall ... certain appetites .
tr	O	I don 't know why I didn 't .
tr	O	Zane 's lips pressed together hard , and he swallowed with difficulty , not wanting to pull away from Ty even an inch .
tr	I	Evidently , he had landed on the Gulf Coast less than a year ago , they and had no idea where he came from .
tr	O	Anywhere on the lower tier was acceptable .
tr	O	Paul looked to Pam for a response .
tr	O	She pulled him back into the room and closed the door .
tr	O	The two lane highway once was now four .
tr	O	Rooms of white marble with veins of pink and lavender and pillars of silver .
tr	O	In it the white morning sun blazed blindingly .
tr	O	She knew she was facing death and decided to fight back .
tr	I	On the Attache Military 's staff .
tr	O	He could not have said how long he stood holding the child 's hand and immersed in that song .
tr	I	The usual route go I along . '
tr	O	Neal 's head dipped toward hers .
tr	O	How could he have forgotten about how easy it is to track a cell phone .
tr	I	There was little and excitement adventure .
tr	I	The thought that would I actually prefer to be set free rather than stay with him for his allotted amount of time hurt him .
tr	O	It was possible that someone on the police force had been kind enough to clean up the mess , but somehow she knew it was Cain .
tr	O	She sighed in relief when she finally appeared .
tr	I	Tall trees lined the sidewalks dark like sentinels .
tr	O	It keeps getting better and better .
tr	O	The Archangel Michael , with the Sword mortal men would name Excalibur , cast them down for their transgression against the throne of heaven .
tr	O	He was not there when I spoke to the family earlier .
tr	O	No mattress , no pillow , my back is sore and the food is terrible .
tr	I	She her twisted hands nervously in her lap and then looked back up at him .
tr	I	His clenched throat tight .
tr	I	I paid attention to nothing else but the 's girl blurry face .
tr	O	I saw standing behind him was the Emperor himself .
tr	O	You talk to people for a living .
tr	O	I 'm a sniper for the Day Soldiers .
tr	I	All were eyes on him .
tr	I	And here she was , on show , in a bikini , proud and of herself for having dared to do it .
tr	I	Just when she found it , she the heard phone ring in Hayden 's office .
tr	I	Eleanor suddenly more sounded relaxed .
tr	O	Tony let go of my arms and Dex pulled me in a little closer to him .
tr	O	She would fight back , scavenge for a plan to reclaim her life .
tr	O	Tiny lights dotted the ceiling and ran in a straight line along the length of the tube .
tr	O	But when Nova landed on the ground , she glanced to see their violent wake .
tr	O	Lora tucked in the blankets around her .
tr	O	She sprayed some crumbs on me as she chewed eagerly .
tr	I	At least , he 'd he thought didn 't .
tr	O	I 'd have to pay someone to move all the furniture and boxes to the new house .
tr	O	It was a small square building with peeling paint and windows so dirty you couldn 't see inside .
tr	O	It was fascinating watching Sebastian with his colleagues .
tr	O	He put a hand on hers on the counter .
tr	I	Safran sat staring at her mug , lost her in own thoughts .
tr	O	Malone decided it might be a good place to think .
tr	I	It wasn 't like he was a three-hour drive down interstate the .
tr	O	It 's nothing more than that .
tr	I	I nod head my in agreement .
tr	I	And her power at the end of them full white and .
tr	O	She had lied to her brothers for so long and hated it .
tr	I	I 've never seen act them like that before .
tr	O	Kiara looked at her .
tr	I	I said as more of a statement than question a .
tr	I	So far , they had been wandering aimlessly through the rubble , without trying pinpoint to where they were .
tr	I	The could girl talk fast .
tr	O	And for Gwen herself ... Gareth 's mind shied away from what might be happening to her .
tr	I	Resting his forearm on the steering wheel , he twisted in his to seat face her .
tr	O	The electronic world was at first leery of these cheap parts .
tr	I	He tried to catch himself on the stair railing and grabbed instinctively out with his stumped arm .
tr	I	Is making she snow angels ?
tr	I	Now I peered the out kitchen window at the woods .
tr	O	With a red pencil , she made notations and grammar corrections .
tr	I	Whatever he wanted to talk Dean to about , it was just business .
tr	O	With the ship responsive to his thoughts , Wakeman enjoyed the luxury of imagining a vast steel and plastic extension of his own small body .
tr	I	There are six billion people living on surface the .
tr	I	Parenthood was not Max in 's plans .
tr	O	He takes my hands and puts them on his chest .
tr	I	She was even more beautiful he than 'd imagined .
tr	O	Perhaps he should cut his losses and move on , work on making the Pick and Choose successful and forget about anything deeper with Katie .
tr	I	He smiled and ran into surf the .
tr	I	I know when your warrior little shines through , you will stop at nothing .
tr	O	I jammed the brake but the car sped up .
tr	I	Stay away from places dark .
tr	O	So I sat in the kitchen and waited for her to return .
tr	I	Her eased breath out slowly .
tr	I	Despite a few hiccups traffic , she made it to the little Italian restaurant just a block from work , a few minutes before nine .
tr	O	The old take positions close to the cave entrance for expediency .
tr	O	He didn 't mention anything unusual .
tr	O	He crouches down to hide under the shadow of the gentle hill .
tr	I	Even your sister has to been places you can never see from here .
tr	I	He 'd rather focus on the one positive that had come out of to coming New York : dinner with Tara .
tr	I	But she shook off the sadness , brightly smiling , and I got the distinct impression her past was off-limits .
tr	I	There is easy no answer .
tr	O	If a gun pointed at Finn had magically appeared in my hand , I wouldn 't have thought twice about pulling the trigger .
tr	I	She wasn 't even aware that he 'd removed his shirt until she felt wonder the of his bare chest against her breasts .
tr	I	It was Alastor 's face that shone the in murky darkness , but I couldn 't tell them that .
tr	O	' We shouldn 't be getting them at all . '
tr	O	On her card , a man with a crutch limped through snow under a stained-glass window while a woman held a shawl beneath her chin .
tr	I	Light from burst the overhead fixture .
tr	I	Carefully , I his peel hand off my back , and place it on the bed .
tr	O	I seriously don 't understand why he 's going through all this trouble .
tr	I	They as watched the city of San Francisco grew in front of them .
tr	I	Jake from said behind her .
tr	O	We intercepted the radio transmission of the Canadian who made the meteorite discovery .
tr	O	The connection had been intimate and meaningful , and now ... Well , now , apparently , it was over .
tr	I	Well was this different .
tr	I	She 's a vegetarian , and she wears a million pieces of silver all jewelry at once .
tr	O	We sometimes hang out in the basement of their house and play video games .
tr	I	Sarah a lingered moment longer , then followed .
tr	O	I 'd made my decision and I thought I could deal with it .
tr	I	Especially when 're you not tough yourself .
tr	I	I to turned face my mother .
tr	I	He a placed finger on his bottom lip .
tr	O	We stop before a grand staircase leading up to the second floor .
tr	O	Attached to stakes , it completely enclosed the campsite , and when hooked to the transformer carried 10,000 volts of electrical current .
tr	O	Kaspar seemed taken aback and his expression softened .
tr	I	They could play their verbal match chess long into the night and she was absolutely safe .
tr	I	Before he could raise the weapon again , Hoodie was on him , clawing and snarling , his clacking teeth together near Harlan 's face .
tr	I	I I know can take apart their business .
tr	O	So he 'd sent her to Purgatory .
tr	O	This is the trust I never betrayed .
tr	O	She wanted to clear away his pain and fill up the empty spaces with love .
tr	I	He disliked clutter and dirt despised .
tr	I	But they were also masters of big the lie .
tr	O	The inner door opened and one , unsuited man , stepped through .
tr	O	One ear was slightly larger than the other , and his nose was bent , just a whisper , to the left .
tr	I	She turned sprinted and back to the office .
tr	O	The sound of the huge electric gate at the street opening was followed by the sounds of the cops coming closer .
tr	I	Firelight colors walls the .
tr	O	When we began our chess match , I can 't say , but now that it is on , today will mark her end .
tr	O	Have you forgot my name already ?
tr	I	Though it didn 't prevent her from -- trying she shoved it aside .
tr	O	The very idea - freedom !
tr	O	The elevator started to ascend .
tr	I	Garn 's was voice heavily skeptical .
tr	O	With a single snap of his fingers , Apollo granted the girl her wish .
tr	I	She was and crying holding her elbow .
tr	I	With an audience , Matteo returned his to jackhammer method .
tr	O	This only served to swell the loss of productive tempo .
tr	I	Lina tucked her tongue in her cheek , her waved hand , and shook her head .
tr	I	You were my advocate and the council agreed to plea your .
tr	I	It never ceased to amaze Neil how people responded to the simple things in after life they 'd done without them for a while .
tr	O	Thousands of workers were storming the police barricades as the police began to fire tear gas .
tr	O	Sam had reservations at Baker 's Fish Market .
tr	I	Then Ash her tilted chin up and kissed her .
tr	I	Did mention I leisurely ?
tr	O	My plan must succeed !
tr	O	Pushing aside thoughts of the shapely dark haired woman with the sad blue eyes , he rose and headed downstairs to the mess waiting for him .
tr	I	My heart beat fast so I was certain he could hear .
tr	I	He the tried knob and found the door unlocked .
tr	O	Sam 's voice was insistent in my head , but I wasn 't listening .
tr	I	Crossing her arms , Mel turns back her to me .
tr	O	Beppe instantly knew who had driven the car back as only one other person knew the alarm code .
tr	I	Imposing on the time of powerful beings was wise never .
tr	O	His voice took on a low , husky quality that reverberated over her already sensitized nerve endings .
tr	O	Could you just tell me ?
tr	I	I smiled waved and .
tr	O	Others over the following weeks .
tr	I	Jacqueline lifted her face and wiped off mouth her , surveying her victim with pleasure .
tr	O	Rolling my eyes I glanced past Gee to see Miranda standing by her locker with Wyatt watching me with a horrified expression on her face .
tr	I	Ruby and were Clyde each in their own way cruel , despite what Theodore thought of his younger sister .
tr	I	44 Carmine stood quietly near doorway the of the art studio , leaning against the wall with his arms crossed over his chest .
tr	O	I think they 'd think she 's a bit too messy .
tr	O	The contrast between heated sunshine and cool shadow , frantic noise and a certain peace , made me dizzy .
tr	I	As soon as I locked the door , cat the continued complaining .
tr	I	She was of sick drinking sugar-free soda .
tr	I	She 'd watched die him .
tr	O	About her imperfections and losses .
tr	O	That the ' New Kingdom ' would begin in the first century A.D. .
tr	O	Students stared at me as my legs banged against the desk .
tr	I	What 's the betting they 're not Jackie really 's grandma 's ?
tr	O	Adele hung up before he could return the goodbye .
tr	O	She didn 't hear so much as an accompanying whimper .
tr	O	I figured that it was best if I just dropped the conversation all together .
tr	I	Gracie 's rang phone just then .
tr	O	No , today was only my second day .
tr	O	She needed to quit stressing Bree out .
tr	O	Mr Tiny yelled , seeing the danger too late .
tr	I	Judging by the way he was interacting with the others , he was the helping men with their techniques .
tr	O	I slide them on and zip them up over my pant legs .
tr	I	The massage had eased the in stress his neck and back , but the empty beer bottles had left his head fuzzy .
tr	I	So means that that they aren 't all gone forever .
tr	O	I wasn 't about to butt in and ask why , so I went to the aisle and picked a few from every bin .
tr	O	I didn 't expect there was a lot of Alex left .
tr	I	I was halfway through an acid and assignment base when a shadow fell across my table .
tr	O	This meant she knew that Jake was privy to all my thoughts and feelings and plans and dreams .
tr	O	Having a dad who plays pro means we aren 't lacking in amenities .
tr	O	You are asking for something which will cure your mother .
tr	O	I tense as Jake emerges and catches sight of the helmeted rider waiting at the curb .
tr	O	Really , it 's not their fault I have an accent .
tr	O	Her implant sent a couple of low frequency beeps to her ears as she passed the last row of crates .
tr	O	I first noticed it when I went to the doctor .
tr	O	She didn 't leap up in excitement as they turned for the gall op to the winning post .
tr	I	The vigilante 's black robe him allowed to meld right into the darkness around him .
tr	O	The little group that was travelling single file jumped on each side of the line and started to run towards cover on the edge of the clearing .
tr	O	When their eyes met she knew he was thinking exactly what she was thinking .
tr	O	Mary Jo could well imagine .
tr	I	Nevertheless , she noticed something ; she watching was him more and more curiously .
tr	I	Carol flattened her hands her over abdomen .
tr	I	He slowly put his hand the near struggling creature 's face .
tr	I	Alcide had force to himself not to flinch .
tr	I	But he was never enough for her and neither I. was I 'm like my Da you see ?
tr	O	He could feel that his left leg was aching and his head was throbbing from the fall .
tr	O	They were both dating my ex 's frat brothers and that meant the next four months were going to be incredibly awkward .
tr	I	Now he had a vantage point from he which could see the whole room . '
tr	I	I tried not to see falling him .
tr	O	Oleg decided to tell them he slipped on a loose stone and thus fell into the pool .
tr	O	I flipped him off .
tr	O	Without warning or another second 's hesitation she went toward him and tried to tackle him down to the ground .
tr	O	Rafe leaned closer to the screen .
tr	I	The first that was you never gave up .
tr	O	You likely have some busted ribs .
tr	O	I grimaced at him , and he responded with a crooked smile .
tr	I	He had short , curly brown hair , he and looked harmless enough .
tr	O	Charlie slipped into sleep and had an odd dream about a blond woman moving into Barrett 's house .
tr	O	The cops would all have plenty of bruises , but they 'd be alive .
tr	I	He peered over the edge , watching the lights from the cars below move like a procession tiny of fireflies .
tr	I	' To be able finally to stop dreading it . '
tr	O	The guys on the offensive line leave a hole wide open for Victor to sack me .
tr	I	The things she wanted to keep she was keeping and there was he nothing was going to do to stop her .
tr	I	I didn 't say anything but I did to turn look at Emma .
tr	O	A boy will be born and this boy will lead us a step closer to the one we keep looking for .
tr	I	He knows I here 'm .
tr	I	I stand can where I like .
tr	I	And she was in off a flash of red heels and tailored suit legs .
tr	O	The only thing that makes him halfway human .
tr	I	I realized this was where was Guido supposed to do his stuff .
tr	O	The reflection of flames on a polished piece of metal suddenly reminded him of a life motto that he had placed there .
tr	O	Separated from their formations , the Queen had been collecting them into units to repel resistances such as this charge .
tr	O	But I can 't exactly pry that mask off of him .
tr	I	Water streamed from down her fists .
tr	O	The trees bordering the main driveway looked absolutely splendid in the last rays of sunlight with long shadows creeping across the rough ground .
tr	I	I 'll treat you to a trip to back Belfast by boat .
tr	I	Turning away from the mirror was Hal startled to see a monstrous creature step into the room .
tr	I	He said to ' go make nice ' another with senator .
tr	O	' We 'll sneak past the guards in the dark , and we 'll do it while quoting Hamlet . '
tr	I	The shouted general commands .
tr	I	I looked up at him , then at waiter the , who happened to be Bartender Boy from earlier .
tr	O	Her eyes homed in on the tipped light pole pinning one of his legs .
tr	I	The Dragon Woman will blame for us this .
tr	I	His face came right up to mine again , only inches away , and a flash of something else with mixed my anger .
tr	O	It took two swallows for Chris to get it down .
tr	I	I wanted powerfully to him kick .
tr	O	That can only mean one thing : That Luca has too .
tr	I	She moved fast , pulling and yanking the body the across floor .
tr	I	- You already have speak about that scandal a lot so you could tell it us , we won tell 't it anybody anyway !
tr	O	He 's living up to his promise that I would be screaming his name .
tr	O	I hustle Sarah , Sam and Malcolm inside and hit the button for the parking garage , but I don 't get in the elevator .
tr	I	I winced hard , but held my chin up in defiance of the of tide emotion .
tr	O	Stop thinking about McCarthy .
tr	I	I don 't if know it was my brain or my body , but physically , mentally , I couldn 't .
tr	O	Oliver didn 't seem entirely comfortable as we made our way towards the Holborn area .
tr	I	He pauses and up glances at me , looking for something .
tr	O	I sucked in a sharp breath , more wounded than I could say .
tr	I	For if you do , there will be a line of enemies waiting their turn to you kill .
tr	O	The worst part of her relationship with Reid had only happened after Hadley left , and it made her sad that six months could change so much .
tr	O	I don 't have anything to put forth as a wager except perhaps a few novels on data slips .
tr	I	When he was a boy , parents could what do they liked with their children .
tr	O	Dylan looked Diego up and down , nostrils widening as he inhaled Diego 's scent .
tr	O	You have no power here .
tr	I	Devon moistened her lips then and turned to look at him .
tr	O	When I turned twenty I decided I wanted to take this seriously and began researching and writing different ideas .
tr	I	There were twice as soldiers many guarding the rock as there were in the courtyard .
tr	O	He raised his fingers to his lips and whistled , a signal for the others to return to the camp .
tr	O	Clearly , someone had unloaded a horse and led it into the barn .
tr	I	I was in office the , at my desk .
tr	O	I breathed deeply , my body exhausted from the fear .
tr	O	In the long run , she told herself firmly , it would be easier on her emotionally if he went away and stayed away .
tr	I	It must be a hundred degrees in this jungle , he thought , but he to wanted feel her warmth ... maybe crazy was catching .
tr	O	After this afternoon , he should be sated for at least a day or two , if not for a full week .
tr	I	he demanded , not knowing how to handle the sudden of turn events .
tr	I	Jace grabbed Sebastian by back the of the jacket .
tr	O	Gently , he eases himself back on the bed , tugging me with him , until we lay together , his hand absently twisting my hair .
tr	I	Bull was now confused and further turned interrogation over to Allie .
tr	I	Using my sharp nails , I cut into the fleshy of tips my ten fingers , drawing blood .
tr	O	They passed a few more turns and walked a long the corridor for a couple of minutes already .
tr	O	Even in the shadows , Claire saw the gleam of sharp teeth when Brandon silently opened his mouth - flashing his fangs .
tr	I	' But I 'm not and rough ready .
tr	O	I didn 't really believe that I could land a date with him like Grayson wanted .
tr	I	Because your stupid ability is acting odd , I myself told .
tr	I	The Lily tears had been fighting to keep inside slipped down her cheeks .
tr	I	He closed the door we when were alone .
tr	O	She pulled me over to the small couch that sat in the corner of the office .
tr	I	He did not her own .
tr	O	The only modern casualty was Amy 's Diet Coke .
tr	I	They can 't that do with her .
tr	O	Now they 're presented with someone who can , to them , predict the future .
tr	I	She still on had the lacy white bra , and I left it on .
tr	O	He groaned as pain assailed him .
tr	O	He could just be hallucinating , I don 't know .
tr	O	Suddenly , his expression turned serious and grim .
tr	I	I wanted serve to you cheese and crackers .
tr	O	Twenty-two 's big , sad eyes floated through my head , and I let out a sigh .
tr	O	Turning the engine off , I listened to the soft lapping of the waves .
tr	I	She felt if as she was looking up at Sean floating hundreds of feet above her .
tr	I	The rest of the summer passed without incident , the but autumn was filled with social events .
tr	O	From my peripheral vision , I could see the huge smile stretched across his face .
tr	I	Her chuckle reassured him she wasn 't scared of what was he doing .
tr	O	This would have been an ideal time to scream , but I could barely gasp breaths .
tr	I	The ground beneath their feet rumbles again , still upset by Ganondorf 's attack earlier .
tr	O	If Don Jarrod were still alive , it would be different .
tr	I	Blood gleamed wet and scarlet along length the of the weapon 's blade .
tr	O	Don 't you dare do that .
tr	I	I know you don 't want to hear the long view , let but me tell you .
tr	I	The lushness her of body completely overwhelmed him .
tr	I	She stepped forward and put her long , slender arm lightly around shivering the Gordon , and addressed her words very distinctly to Ash .
tr	O	Isaac made sure of it .
tr	O	The ink on my skin flexed as it burned , the imprint promising me I would never forget .
tr	I	She turned , hoping didn she 't look as shaky as she felt .
tr	I	He even agreed with the to soldier a point .
tr	I	When his brothers scented weakness , attacked they accordingly .
tr	O	She looked at Meredith and saw that Meredith had shared her realization .
tr	O	There was a never ending bottomless pit below the disappearing floor , not good .
tr	I	He headed toward her , turning out as lights he went .
tr	O	Virgil said , struggling to extricate himself from his chair .
tr	I	Thank you that for gift .
tr	I	In fact , maybe only should Zelda see this .
tr	I	He took her arm above the elbow way the Murdoch had grasped her at the Scream Room !
tr	I	He popped another potato chip in his and mouth crunched loudly .
tr	O	My engine began to miss , then caught fire , and my plane began a doomed spiral toward the sea .
tr	I	And , just for an instant , his curved lips in response .
tr	O	Like me , they had their wrists and ankles chained .
tr	I	There aren 't any windows for me to scurry of out .
tr	O	He was on edge even though he had a hard time sleeping last night .
tr	I	The soldiers drank in taverns open , and at the street corners where they bought their food .
tr	O	Then I tore the tape off her mouth .
tr	I	That was the first time I even thought about I what must have looked like .
tr	I	More or less described what you like look .
tr	O	It was perfect ... but a part of me was anxiously asking how long it could last .
tr	O	Did Neil know something ?
tr	I	It was all a case mistaken of identity .
tr	O	The closet was bigger than Lauren 's living room .
tr	O	I didn 't like that thought one little bit .
tr	I	He turned to back the truck parked at the mouth of the street near 6th Avenue .
tr	O	Never before had it been this bad .
tr	I	No shiny dresses or balls for her , but that doesn 't make her less of goddess a to me .
tr	I	Nate stuffed his hands in his pockets keep to from reaching out for her and followed her into the kitchen .
tr	O	the older man spluttered .
tr	I	She had the someone feeling was watching from behind .
tr	O	On no , he was smiling diabolically again like every time he came up with a stupid idea .
tr	I	The flashlight it ; came on again .
tr	I	A large piece of fluttered parchment out of the folded blanket and fell near the fire .
tr	I	I I knew was a goner .
tr	O	The longer she talked , the more difficult it became to pretend interest .
tr	O	I 'm not rebellious .
tr	I	Surely it wasn 't that shocking to find her looking something for on the ground ?
tr	O	I didn 't think about Julie again that night .
tr	O	His presence often left me tongue-tied , but Tristan was laid back and calming for all that .
tr	O	I placed a large marshmallow on my skewer and held it over the flames .
tr	I	She and spoke Lucius together , and after a few moments , the girl left .
tr	I	Helen glanced sharply around at those irritated words .
tr	O	She would be a natural for Stone House .
tr	I	It wasn 't likely that any of them had seen her , except when she visited the stores , so they wouldn 't know she where lived .
tr	O	Amanda 's throat tightened .
tr	I	It was all the about dogs .
tr	O	But there 's always a party somewhere , someone letting off some steam .
tr	O	She stood and thanked Dr. Redding .
tr	I	A car approached she and tried to flag it down .
tr	O	She was so excited about this stupid dance .
tr	I	I squeaked squirmed and , but he had me tight .
tr	O	He lit a cigarette instead .
tr	I	Nathanial was to remain at the Palace to stand in Navarre 's place , serving as a symbol of until strength their Emperor returned .
tr	I	In fear , ran she from the dwelling .
tr	I	Selena glanced at menacingly him , letting her acquaintance know that he must stay back .
tr	I	The adrenaline that he 'd this entered room with had abandoned him .
tr	O	Justus ' body was still .
tr	O	The hole we 'd made was now big enough to enter , so I ducked my head and went in .
tr	O	The idea of asking him crossed her mind , but somehow she sensed that if she spoke to him , it would bring him closer .
tr	O	But I 'll never go back to him .
tr	O	Well , her back , her buttocks , her legs ... He still had to do her front too .
tr	I	I try to myself talk out of doing this .
tr	O	They stared at each other while cool air washed over them .
tr	I	The wolf moved back Bride to 's side .
tr	O	Jeff turns to me .
tr	I	I 'd never admit that to her though , and I that knew wanting her around me all the time was selfish .
tr	O	Drops splatter the floor .
tr	O	He swallowed , remembering the time when Mairi had admitted to him that she had fallen in love with him at first sight .
tr	I	She turned each them of herself ; they are her personal servants .
tr	I	He knew that wouldn she 't bring anything back .
tr	I	He plunged inside her again , filling her beyond her limits with power every and weakness .
tr	O	They were vulnerable where humans were vulnerable , except their airways were located in different places .
tr	O	He 's thought it out , sometimes three steps ahead of where it will lead him .
tr	I	Nobody suspected he was out in there the woods , dead as can be , and if they did know they probably wouldn 't care .
tr	O	He tried to sit up and immediately became aware of two things .
tr	O	Society deemed it barbaric and medieval , even primitive .
tr	O	God , she could even question her own sanity .
tr	O	The Indians sat their ponies in what can only be described as a majestic , stoic silence .
tr	I	I do believe you , but I don still 't understand .
tr	O	Actually , lots of reasons .
tr	I	Marcus was waiting for me just the inside door , and thankfully , Sabrina wasn 't around wielding a gun .
tr	I	She still didn 't look too pleased about his decision , but at least she willing was to accept his reasoning .
tr	O	Hailey looks scared now .
tr	O	Selena wanted nothing more than to challenge the creature to a race .
tr	I	Desks hastily were abandoned in the frantic rush to exits .
tr	O	The guilt of hiding Sutton 's death from him had been eating her alive .
tr	I	Too bad the dash lights shone her on empty ring finger .
tr	O	He didn 't say he missed me back .
tr	I	His heart heavy , he rolled carefully over so as not to hurt her .
tr	I	I promise I won 't bother you the way the other women to seem .
tr	O	Cecile had lost her haughty disdain and was watching me with a look that was astonished at the same time it was sad and confused .
tr	I	I had up grown just like this .
tr	I	Ethan stood just in the doorway .
tr	I	Jocelyn was mother my .
tr	O	My hand slaps frantically across the tile looking for my phone .
tr	O	And I do not sit down .
tr	I	Initially , philosophy embraced science as well , but discipline this soon took off on its own adventure .
tr	I	He remembered Ellie telling him over dinner that she and Kevin had explored the house during their visit the before evening .
tr	O	Other duties include periodic review and evaluation of translation done by contractors ; occasional translation ; and miscellaneous language service .
tr	I	Dimitri enjoyed projecting a stance power of , especially to mortals .
tr	O	She had a lovely voice , low and sweet , and it sounded like she was the only thing in the room when she spoke .
tr	I	Nick had seen him the older Gregory at different but gatherings they never actually talked to each other .
tr	I	But if word of Myles 's interest in Don gotten had out , maybe Les Weaver had killed him to make sure he couldn 't talk .
tr	I	A pink light sparkled the on arrowhead 's point , more and more intense , until the whole street was washed in colour .
tr	O	He entered her life in a whirlwind and had quickly implanted himself in nearly every facet of Olivia 's existence .
tr	O	It was the happiest I 'd seen her in a long time .
tr	O	By now her lungs were burning , greedy for air .
tr	O	Nothing mattered but those ten points of contact and the radiant pleasure sliding into her .
tr	I	I brought you to home my instead .
tr	I	The following no day one was there .
tr	O	' Would you care to volunteer for the post ? '
tr	O	Theo had hair that hung almost to her waist ; so fair that it looked silver in the moonlight .
tr	O	When they were settled , Celeste began the conversation .
tr	O	Edie May came by every now and then to check on his condition .
tr	O	A secretary was sent for coffee .
tr	I	He stood again up .
tr	O	If you hadn 't arrived with Winkler and the others , the rest of them might have been killed as well .
tr	I	This was room the where everything was decided .
tr	I	Finally releasing the weapon I wiped my blood-soaked on hands the animal 's torso .
tr	I	He out reaches , snags my elbow .
tr	I	Can be you touched by a sound ?
tr	O	This is why ... * * * The man remembered he was a soldier .
tr	O	She typed for a few minutes more , then awash with guilt , snatched her phone and logged into voicemail .
tr	I	The doors were all closed and locked shut with a hanging padlock next to the door pull .
tr	I	They 'd faced dangerous before men .
tr	I	He threw Tristram a questioning look , for at that moment he had no idea how should he react to his friend 's presence .
tr	O	There was just no way of knowing .
tr	O	The hunger inside me swallowed him in .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure if I was nervous about Keith leaving for the summer or I if was nervous about seeing Walker .
tr	I	Caroline nearly jumped out her of skin .
tr	I	He seemed deliberate to , then slowly nodded .
tr	I	She could easily write an excuse and sign it like grandmother her would do .
tr	I	He drew the vines apart and ushered them into the chamber on the side other .
tr	I	They a followed long , slow , winding road down the side of the cliffs .
tr	I	As he drove back to his hotel in town , he the played tape back to himself , listening for a second time to her answers .
tr	I	He cracked open the door , just to sure be , and saw something white flutter to the ground .
tr	O	Miguel held her fast .
tr	I	If I was a sensitive person , I would have felt a bit offended by the shock on face her .
tr	I	Then scalpel the comes down .
tr	O	Now , with this turn of events , I feel that urge getting stronger .
tr	I	At last he gave shake a of his head .
tr	I	I shrugged it off and was just thankful that I didn 't have through run a dark forest in a cocktail dress .
tr	O	All of them were waiting for Ashe to arrive .
tr	I	She snatches the dress from away me .
tr	I	This afternoon , however , Charlotte wouldn 't be in Olivia 's courtroom but Judge in Robson 's .
tr	I	He really wasn 't certain which more was important at that moment .
tr	I	He saw nurse the sprinting towards them .
tr	I	She had seen before him , on the train to Woolsey back in England .
tr	I	I asked over shoulder my as I scrubbed my hands at the sink .
tr	O	Twelve clients in all , breathing on her , her sweat mingling with theirs .
tr	O	I went looking for you because , until six months ago , I didn 't even know he existed .
tr	I	I 't didn know why but I was nervous .
tr	I	His thumb caresses my wrist , the over star tattoo .
tr	O	Theo watched from the lion 's back .
tr	I	We did great on the first part of the descent and the rock wall , but mud the pit was a disaster .
tr	I	I read it quickly , -- Sato I am a very rich man with no one left in my life to spend it on .
tr	O	It seemed that once Torres finished yelling at me , he got free of whatever was bothering him .
tr	O	Miranda 's so happy now , just because you 're here .
tr	I	She gasped , out shock of more than pain .
tr	O	The student has become the master .
tr	I	Some were very exciting and dragged some on for almost five whole minutes .
tr	I	Cyclops stirred himself , yawned , stretched , looked Violet at with his one beady eye and promptly dozed off again .
tr	I	Atlas 's ears perked up at favorite his word .
tr	I	But they had an advantage he lacked : they didn 't know what were they missing .
tr	O	They began stripping off Elyssa 's soggy clothing .
tr	I	Manfred was sure fairly Lemuel did not eat , anyway .
tr	I	It takes me a second to work up the to courage open the truck door .
tr	O	The smile drops off of Gabe 's face .
tr	O	That was the key .
tr	O	I squinted , focusing in on the objects , and made out a motorcycle and a black sports car .
tr	I	When would he enough have ?
tr	I	While they would never betray the others , were they unwilling to chance the perils of war .
tr	O	Don 't use it unless you know you 're exposed .
tr	O	She felt relieved until she looked up .
tr	O	And Sally 's dad Jay left years ago , after she put the restraining order on him .
tr	I	This is a State matter Security , Policeman .
tr	O	Tasha threw open the doors to the wardrobe .
tr	O	He rolled over and closed his eyes .
tr	O	He didn 't like that she 'd left , and he had to fight back a surge of irrational annoyance .
tr	O	Luke and Horse wandered back into view .
tr	I	I gave the traitor the all ammunition he needed .
tr	I	Maybe kids just having a little fun .
tr	I	The Enforcement Agency investigators concluded there had been a rupture the in estate 's gas main .
tr	O	The sounds of war filled her ears , battle cries followed by death throes .
tr	O	I trace the lines of the star on his wrist , giving myself a sense of security .
tr	O	Rachel nudged it open and stepped inside .
tr	O	Their moods had improved and Echo even felt hopeful .
tr	I	She reached forward , and a tiny china materialized teapot .
tr	O	I measured the couch with my eyes .
tr	I	Not just , oh wow , this is big a hotel room , but it was massive , like its own apartment .
tr	I	Viktor choked , glaring Romulus at .
tr	I	He settled onto stool a .
tr	O	He had followed in his father 's footsteps , and they were big shoes to fill .
tr	I	But he knew they couldn 't get far him from .
tr	I	Until then , I 'll the bury anger , the betrayal .
tr	O	He was still hunting .
tr	I	Purity wondered , in her heart she dreaded , was she a fey come to tempt , to lure beauty by to that other side ?
tr	O	Blood oozed from a few wounds as well .
tr	O	He heard it , but things weren 't registering clearly right now .
tr	O	But a second is all it takes .
tr	O	And that 's what I did .
tr	O	A small , square porch sat dead center in the front .
tr	O	But then I have to go and cover the note lying on top of my book , as if trying to muffle the indiscretions screaming from it .
tr	O	Pet twirled about in a buttercream , cotton-blend dress with capped sleeves and a flapped collar .
tr	O	He wasn 't even sure he knew , except that he didn 't know his father .
tr	I	And with any luck , they 'd find their prey and this nightmare would end , once and all for .
tr	I	Completely , baffled totally .
tr	I	Max studied her with those intense eyes brown .
tr	I	He came back into the bedroom and down sat next to me .
tr	O	I return my attention to the device .
tr	I	Peregrine Pratt was right in saying that we could not disprove the presence clandestine of visitors from another part of the universe .
tr	O	We leave the Port Authority and head the few blocks back to the theater .
tr	O	No-one took much notice ; road works were not unusual , especially in the six months leading up to the Forum .
tr	O	she cried to the gathering clouds .
tr	I	Ellen closer edged to Anne Marie .
tr	O	Mom would have gone to California .
tr	I	She couldn 't to wait do it .
tr	I	Kady gripped the 's man hand , then held hers out for Jake to grab .
tr	I	His refusal to us let act as a go-between effectively rules us out of any kind of verification .
tr	O	At first as friends , but then their age difference seemed to disappear as time wore on .
tr	I	Everything was gone Kelly except 's hand on his .
tr	O	The rodent raced across the floor into the bedroom and squeezed through the small crack .
tr	I	He rooted through a of pile papers on his desk .
tr	O	By the time she returns to reality , I 'm rock hard and desperate to be deep inside her .
tr	I	I 't didn blame them for not opening the door .
tr	I	His slow breath in returning , and he even feared the taste of blood in his throat .
tr	I	Fifteen years later his power expanded had to an immeasurable level .
tr	I	she shouted before clicked I over .
tr	O	He went over and over in his mind idea after idea , trying to think of a way that he could help his benefactor .
tr	I	Dinner honey : ants .
tr	O	She saved much more than just the children from the squadron .
tr	I	He told her that he was making progress and how much he was being enjoying so focused and uninterrupted by the overhead that comes with a company .
tr	I	She into dug her jeans pocket .
tr	I	It had been about two weeks since he had first here arrived .
tr	I	At this point in my life , my and hand I are seeing each other exclusively .
tr	I	No-one else knew had what happened to the body and locating her body would damn him in the eyes of the law .
tr	I	The patiently waiter stood waiting for my eyes to focus enough to take in the words on the page .
tr	I	Not at thirty-three and with a of child her own .
tr	I	BTW , Molly had nothing do to with this .
tr	O	Aiden turned toward them , his mouth opening to respond just as the ground beneath our feet trembled .
tr	O	There she lay up in the playroom , sprawled on a pile of stuffed animals , softly snoring , a sleeping child on either side .
tr	O	I climbed into my car and drove home .
tr	I	I could been have a Shadowhunter again , in his world .
tr	O	What 's the first thing you want to eat ?
tr	I	It felt good to have someone touching me like would Daniel have .
tr	O	Pierre returned Nora to Mozambique where she had been abducted .
tr	O	He smoothed his tie as if he needed something to do .
tr	I	' It is unthinkable anyone that could disobey your judgements !
tr	I	Well , see , remember that cleansing did we the other night ?
tr	O	Love should be a substance , not some sentimental , ephemeral emotion .
tr	O	Thank heaven the damn thing had wipers .
tr	I	He wrapped his arms the around lion 's throat as the animal reared and threw his body around wildly , trying to eject his passenger .
tr	O	His eyes were sunken into the Shadows that fell across his face , cast from his hard features .
tr	O	The trip had gone without a hitch apparently , although they might have to do something about better ventilation for the space below the truck bed .
tr	O	Two mornings later Amber and I went to class together .
tr	I	You can 't down go .
tr	I	I think it 's been good both for of them .
tr	O	Leah reddened , and pulled two water bottles from her backpack .
tr	I	He trying was to breathe .
tr	O	Two words stood out to me : infinity and pie .
tr	I	Basha sighed and looked again though his bag , but found he nothing else to burn .
tr	I	I was thinking more of my own man , someone who my knew game a little better .
tr	I	And then , too soon , lunch was hour nearly over .
tr	O	Straight through the heart .
tr	I	Each carried vessel a single , shielded lantern .
tr	I	The door burst open and Shadow stood Eater facing them .
tr	O	He won 't have the castle windows watched .
tr	O	Trenton slipped on some latex gloves .
tr	O	What do we know of the powers involved ?
tr	I	A man few of words ?
tr	I	The benefit the of rain was that there was no dust blowing in with the warm breeze .
tr	I	Later were there people .
tr	I	He didn 't want to that admit Sam got to him , maybe not as much as he did me , but he still got to him .
tr	O	He wondered if it might be Hannah , wanting to know why he 'd bought condoms at Finley 's .
tr	I	We need to out get of here .
tr	I	I had known not it .
tr	O	The skin on the back of her neck crawled like it always did when she glimpsed the bench where she 'd waited for Sutton that first day .
tr	I	It slithered down her arms and dropped to floor the , pooling around her feet .
tr	O	They didn 't really believe there were areas such as this on the planet which had not been fully charted : this was the twenty-first century .
tr	O	You are also exceeding safety distance from Moon Base .
tr	O	Then she was back in bed , rolling and jerking covers and trying her best to wake him .
tr	O	But Jack just looked at me , puzzled .
tr	O	She does incredible work .
tr	I	I am used to censoring my thoughts , choosing how I want to present myself the to world .
tr	O	I was already familiar with some of them but there were a few I didn 't know .
tr	O	Outside the tent , horses galloped near and pulled up .
tr	I	Only this time her comments were understandable perfectly .
tr	O	Or maybe they got killed ?
tr	I	You no had other choice .
tr	I	' What it is ! '
tr	I	Even without hard evidence leading to up this night , he had no right to be shocked .
tr	O	It would be a long three days until her next visit to the doctor .
tr	O	Obviously , this wasn 't a popular opinion .
tr	O	She pulled something out and held it up , but I couldn 't concentrate on what it was .
tr	O	As I held that squirming pink bundle , I understood why our mother had refused to fight at Cronus 's side against us .
tr	O	Damen decided to let those sighs go .
tr	O	I bit my lip as I stared up at him .
tr	O	Gideon let his eyes wander down from my eyes to my lips .
tr	O	He headed toward the door that led out onto the balcony .
tr	O	While Della finished getting dressed after I 'd feasted on her in the shower , I went and got everything ready .
tr	O	I turned the photo around .
tr	O	Alfred dropped the cup .
tr	O	Melissa asked quietly , wiping the tears from her cheeks .
tr	O	I stripped to my panties and fell onto the mattress .
tr	O	Not only do they appear strikingly similar , but I 'm finding they act and do some of the same things .
tr	I	David appeared not hear to him .
tr	I	It looked like a routine in mass a routine church .
tr	O	Riley stood and peered over the crowd , searching for his son .
tr	I	Maybe they weren better 't .
tr	O	She hesitated at his belt buckle before she slid her hand lower to cup his erection .
tr	O	Their investigations showed that Braydon was connected to some powerful drug lords in Mexico and Braydon is one of the biggest traffickers in the city .
tr	O	It sounded more like a prayer , maybe because it was .
tr	I	He hadn 't bothered taking it , but now he whether wondered perhaps he should have done .
tr	O	Adam wished to embrace her , but he found that his body was weak , sore , and bruised .
tr	I	The corner my of mouth rose .
tr	I	The sword in hand his feels so very comfortable .
tr	O	That 's the problem with Ilya .
tr	O	I asked , putting down the dust cloth .
tr	O	Time to be alert and ready for action .
tr	O	Chapter 5 Nova I 'm not sure what to do , what to think , how to process what I 'm seeing .
tr	O	I could have choked , but decided to play the overdramatic role with him .
tr	I	Next to him , a gray , dark swirled cloud .
tr	I	He looked so unhappy now , I felt an instinctive to need cheer him up .
tr	I	Chapter 6 Katherine Words could not explain how happy I was walking out of my high school last the day before summer vacation .
tr	I	I know the info is in the report , but I can take 't my eyes off the horrific picture .
tr	I	He could hear the of party laughing women in the opposite direction .
tr	O	Tolland surfaced , exhaling in relief to see Rachel moving inside the sub .
tr	O	We stepped to the edge of their cotton and waited patiently for the moon .
tr	O	We just want to make sure that she is your biological twin .
tr	O	I had a feeling that Charlie would approve of today 's plan just about as much as he would approve of the motorcycle .
tr	I	JB stared back him at , an ' are you completely mental ? '
tr	I	Cara 's heart clenched the at other woman 's honesty .
tr	I	But I wouldn 't be able to live with myself if I sat by and nothing did .
tr	O	We 've done it !
tr	O	The scent clinging to him was delicious , filling her nostrils with sandalwood , musk , and the barest hint of verbena .
tr	O	Who was she and how did she get here ?
tr	O	The wheel itself had an Egyptian theme : There were pictures of guys with their shoulders turned sideways and hieroglyphics adorned in gold .
tr	I	' She is my sister , after all , and something was happening to her that I never 'd experienced myself .
tr	O	Rising levels of uneasiness warned me the conversation was heading to a direction that could not meet a good end as I finished speaking that sentence .
tr	I	It 's time I a found new life .
tr	O	My mom tried to come up with ways to cheer me up .
tr	O	Shadowhunters stood or knelt or cast into the orange flames handfuls of the pale white Alicante flowers that grew even in the winter .
tr	O	By the time I made it back out into the living room , Kennan and Ian were both ready to go .
tr	O	With a smile that said he didn 't give a shit about her judgments , he walked away .
tr	I	His voice is as warm and familiar as the on smile his face .
tr	O	I had no idea .
tr	I	I the turned page .
tr	I	This side was trip a simple misdirection .
tr	I	Its covers and drapes a were brilliant bloodied .
tr	I	The fled van faster as it broke free of the central district of Boa Vista .
tr	O	Gordon could see Rose with her lanky form and her long auburn hair and see only her .
tr	I	Heather had already begun talking to me joining about a support group once I was out .
tr	I	' It 's all for right you .
tr	I	At least she had the good to grace look regretful .
tr	O	A group of men stands around him , hands in pockets and tucked in vests .
tr	O	He could almost smell the gold !
tr	I	He knew he 'd never himself forgive .
tr	I	He was loathe to give her credit after way the she 'd dispatched Clark Bent , but was grateful for her help , nonetheless .
tr	I	The faint burn was in my throat I and didn 't trust myself to speak .
tr	O	He calculated risks as the tall guy telegraphed his intentions via a clenched right fist .
tr	O	The pounding increased in urgency .
tr	I	That familiar , cultured cadence affected me so much that for a few moments , I didn 't at breathe all .
tr	O	You 'd think the statute of limitations would have run out on it .
tr	I	His words impatient were .
tr	I	Millions of stars made their entrance , seemingly covering the sky dark entirely .
tr	I	~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Olivia and Kiera made a toward beeline the downstairs restroom .
tr	O	Tog knew many languages , in his line of trade , he had to be a linguist .
tr	I	Jackson groaned out loud when he she realized was holding the beaded bracelet .
tr	I	Now that he saw his mother , he remembered how 'd she looked .
tr	I	The news would have inevitably to gotten Randall , thereby ending this painful charade .
tr	I	CHAPTER 12 In the weeks that followed Billy kept up grueling his routine .
tr	O	Hank gave my father a look of disgust , but he said nothing .
tr	O	I needed to get my friend out of the storm - but to where , I didn 't yet know .
tr	I	This was not at true all .
tr	O	He would walk off the roof of the Hospital if I led him to the edge .
tr	I	Julia murmured to in Heinrich German .
tr	I	They blank were , black as coals .
tr	I	I narrowed my eyes , barely making out sitting T.J. in a chair in a dark corner of the room .
tr	O	Logan noticed him , pulled Amber away , and drew his sword .
tr	O	He slips his keys out of his pocket and tosses them to me .
tr	I	I glanced back at the shore , and saw - Agnes a dark , still shape on the ground .
tr	I	I her trust completely .
tr	I	She 'd thought it was dark outside , but this was an different entirely level of blackness .
tr	O	Brandon 's brow furrowed and his piercing fangs were shining .
tr	O	I wasn 't good for her .
tr	O	She stumbled again , her feet splashing in pooling water inside the craft .
tr	O	They abducted Sookie and were taking her to their own place , and we can only imagine what they would have done with her there .
tr	O	I said , blinking hard at Jules 's nightshirt .
tr	O	Ryo hated being around new people and wasn 't particularly happy about having visitors in our sanctuary .
tr	I	The Blood Queen had been under a spell for last the fifteen years .
tr	O	He wore moccasins and quiet black clothes .
tr	I	I need to that learn spell .
tr	O	The leader must have understood Rick 's intention .
tr	I	Horny high guys school don 't even talk like this .
tr	I	Not that meant it anything .
tr	O	His cock surged beneath her hand .
tr	O	He had to bite his lip and the smile that broke around it was disastrously sexy .
tr	I	Marcus kept alluding to its secrets but still hadn given 't me the details .
tr	I	How it is possible ?
tr	O	Yes , he can hear just fine and he could talk if he took a notion to , they say .
tr	I	She ordered had French lingerie in order to drive him mad , but instead she found her own body ready to explode with need .
tr	O	Their texts were time stamped earlier today .
tr	O	As I approached the vehicle , I saw Van hop out .
tr	O	One corner held a bookshelf with assorted titles , and the lone female employee stared at the TV in an otherwise empty room .
tr	I	And you him read right .
tr	O	But what Dave didn 't realize was he was witnessing our reality .
tr	I	An oath Drake escaped 's lips .
tr	O	She waited , looking and listening , barely breathing .
tr	I	She didn 't get see to the wing .
tr	O	He scooped it up and ran back with it .
tr	I	I and frown answer just loud enough for him to hear .
tr	I	Not many men understood about work her .
tr	I	He frowned , apparently waiting for her to something say .
tr	O	I look down at the set list .
tr	I	His voice sounded hoarse and his looked eyes hazy .
tr	I	And , Mr. Lasher , no one has him seen either .
tr	I	Turning in a tight arc he attempted engage to them once again , coming at them from an angle .
tr	O	This voice was just , well , irritating .
tr	I	She might even have pretty been .
tr	I	She stretches out her almost arms comically and does her customary yawn .
tr	O	Prentice attempted to summarise what he 'd been told , as he hadn 't written anything down .
tr	O	Her eyebrows lifted and came together in disbelief .
tr	O	Sighing , I roll it down .
tr	I	But then what if she kicks out me of my flat ?
tr	I	They talked quietly , but heatedly , until they looked up and noticed me leaving the theater dark .
tr	O	And what about the lipstick incident on her bathroom mirror ?
tr	O	she whispered up at me with wide eyes .
tr	I	Which means you can stop calling and me also stop sending flowers .
tr	O	' I have a dress that I made for my daughter which she never wore .
tr	I	She hadn 't been to able .
tr	O	By the time we returned she would be up and grazing again .
tr	O	Her leg brushed his , making him tingle .
tr	O	I was hungry and I wasn 't going to let his arrogant ass ruin my dinner .
tr	O	She bit down on her lower lip as she realized she had given herself away .
tr	I	I trailed off , and nodded he .
tr	I	All the were headsets on the same frequency , anyone wearing one could hear the conversation .
tr	O	Be careful how much you tell her .
tr	I	If told I him now , I would ruin the evening , and possibly the rest of the vacation .
tr	O	After this , another agent stepped forward .
tr	O	Given an hour in front of the right databases we could even fix it so he 'd never been born .
tr	I	They picked up satchels their and headed for the door .
tr	I	His eyes rolled back and he fell the to ground , limp and lifeless .
tr	O	And I tumbled down right on top of it .
tr	I	It says here she the 's Deputy Chief .
tr	I	Of course was it .
tr	I	He looked more and more worried she as talked .
tr	I	I get could use to this ; I know my parents said keep a low profile .
tr	I	Only the could Queen look amused with a blade to her throat , Clary thought .
tr	I	Jane collected plates the and immediately returned with a tea tray , filling three cups with practiced ease .
tr	I	But what you complained about is idealism the corruption of idealism and not idealism itself .
tr	I	The snarled man and his back legs kicked frantically as he tried unsuccessfully to heave himself up .
tr	O	What had I expected from a relationship with Patch ?
tr	O	But instead he sits close to me , stares out .
tr	O	Massive winds followed and blew everywhere , sending me falling faster to the ground .
tr	O	Mikhail and Gregori glided through the corridor , swiftly , silently , hurrying into the night 's freshness .
tr	O	Charlotte yelled out toward the hall .
tr	O	My gaze drops to the table .
tr	I	Levi looked at his cousin as if were he seriously considering the idea .
tr	O	But that 's another story .
tr	O	But at once we heard the bar being lifted , and the door opened .
tr	I	His better judgment won out in the end as he turned on heel his and walked to his men .
tr	I	You were of out my reach .
tr	I	Sandra to said Chip .
tr	I	Looking down , I could the see blood had already drained from his face , and around his midriff was a spreading , black stain .
tr	I	That 's this all was .
tr	O	Together we padded softly out into the kitchen .
tr	O	I brought his hand to my lips and brushed it .
tr	O	Their conversation was brief and whispered , but Stella heard every word .
tr	I	Jake sat at his desk , going over his own pile papers of .
tr	O	It suffered serious damage from shelling and mortar fire .
tr	I	He had it expected .
tr	I	The pair shared a handshake , a nod , turned and to follow their respective destinies .
tr	O	My heel hit pavement and the collective groans from the men in line at the sight of my leg made Spencer wink discretely .
tr	O	Then he met Atalanta .
tr	I	I one lifted hand to outline the legs , the belt , the arm stretching upward to deliver a blow .
tr	O	It came out flustered and shakily .
tr	I	We drove onto and down the drag main again .
tr	O	We 're hobbits . '
tr	I	Chase grabbed Nixon by the shoulders and him directed towards the door .
tr	I	I raise my head slightly , high enough to see above grass the -- and yes !
tr	I	# 52 LIVE AND LEARN had Julian been observing her for days .
tr	I	I hardly would believe it of myself except ' tis scratched into my memory .
tr	O	' I think I need to sleep now . '
tr	I	To him I was a to tool stroke his ego .
tr	O	Another new word I failed to grasp .
tr	O	Makar flinched at the tone in her voice .
tr	I	That 's the thing important .
tr	I	' It might be ; when 're they closer , ' Beth pointed out .
tr	O	After fifty years of sound management , the company employed four thousand of the eleven thousand residents of the town .
tr	I	Luca silent is for a moment .
tr	O	It 's the other graves that deserve this type of marker .
tr	I	Dahlia swallowed hard and blinked up at him , too all aware of his muscles beneath his shirt .
tr	I	Salvatore appeared disheveled , right his arm bandaged sloppily in a blue sling .
tr	O	Something must ´ ve happened between the two .
tr	O	No one heard his mind , they only heard the warriors crying out .
tr	O	We need to know everything about this man .
tr	I	As I worked , I realized what a gift he given had me with his insights .
tr	I	Lamar glanced his over shoulder at the door and leaned closer as if he had extraordinary news to share .
tr	O	She was in a very fragile state and if he told her about how few people survived , he knew she would immediately worry about her family .
tr	O	Finally it straightened up , landed back on all four wheels and sped along in the same direction the train was moving .
tr	I	Let the record show , this that diary was forced upon me because my mother thinks it will help to get my feelings down on paper .
tr	I	' Should I round look ?
tr	O	No wires were directly attached to it .
tr	O	She giggled and looked over at Juliet , who sat on a chair facing the balcony .
tr	O	Maybe this was a small gesture for an outsider - to be finally included in the popular students ' party .
tr	I	Emelia wiped her tears on her muddy sleeve and rose to feet her , wincing at the ache in her thighs .
tr	I	Reggie don 't drink beer more no .
tr	I	Maybe wasn I 't , maybe I was screaming for the whole god damn fucking world to hear .
tr	O	Jackson almost smiled and relaxed for a minute till he heard a familiar voice .
tr	O	You owe this to me , Will .
tr	I	Despite having had a few weeks to think about what she could do if it came to this , the reality of situation the hit Abi hard .
tr	O	He 's a video game junkie and strategy is his strength , not his fists .
tr	O	It had relaxed him and made him rather giggly , and he wasn 't sure if he should have any more alcohol tonight .
tr	O	There weren 't even that many lumps in the dirt , though it would be wet with mud from the light rain .
tr	I	A on smile your face , you pick up the scissors .
tr	O	The sweat on his face and his rapid breathing didn 't convince her .
tr	O	She stood on the raised dais of the school hall as she did every morning .
tr	O	Although individual texts are extant , no complete canon has survived in Sanskrit .
tr	I	Julius never innocent was .
tr	I	That evening , as we around sat the dinner table , I gave Brad a meaningful look .
tr	I	So , Gumshoe and I are going to while eat we wait .
tr	O	I know that won 't work .
tr	O	She crossed her arms and huffed her way into the middle of the apartment .
tr	O	He hated when that happened .
tr	O	Oh , God , how am I supposed to do this ?
tr	O	She suddenly felt a bit weak and woozy .
tr	O	He peered over the edge of the wall just in time to see the great cannons on the tank heads revolve .
tr	I	The tearful passes moment .
tr	O	If you let us go , we may be able to help my grandparents , Kendra said .
tr	I	Grant Ryland was true to word his .
tr	O	She had escaped , but Whitney kept coming after her .
tr	O	He did as I said .
tr	I	I grinned , spinning so around he could see my dress .
tr	O	Outside the sun finished setting and the world was enveloped in darkness .
tr	O	Some national publicity wouldn 't hurt either one of their careers either .
tr	O	Maybe it 's a search party ?
tr	O	It was her first major project and she needed to succeed .
tr	O	It was too late now , everything was in motion .
tr	O	I don 't have money laying around .
tr	I	I the hear crack of metal against bone as he sits up , forgetting where he is .
tr	O	Trying for patience , he handed her a glass of rich , red wine and waited until she 'd sampled the excellent vintage before continuing .
tr	O	Bill had a slightly nasal twang , but he was a mild-mannered chap , and had been serving almost as long as Morton .
tr	I	What the hell did mean that ?
tr	I	He was still perfectly .
tr	O	The spirits were still there , staring at her wordlessly .
tr	O	They were experiencing higher temperatures than normal , even for summer .
tr	O	Chapter Eight Simon consoled his wife while Kincaid moved around to the far side of the bed .
tr	O	He let his eyes drift over the rest of the room while he adjusted .
tr	O	It 's practically proof they got the client because I had sex with him .
tr	O	Her back to my front .
tr	O	She grows weaker as time passes , her training forgotten as she is lulled into a false sense of security .
tr	O	Unless I want the same thing to happen with March , I have to find some way to bring him back .
tr	I	I 'd her hated on sight .
tr	O	I was all ready to kick someone 's ass because of them .
tr	O	You could choose immortality , or you could choose humanity .
tr	I	Now I wish I learned 'd with Brady .
tr	I	Heath tilted his toward glass Annie .
tr	O	Her last vestiges of hope that Christian would be treated fairly faded .
tr	I	What the of Eleventh Metal ?
tr	O	It was protocol , especially after Cale 's attack on him .
tr	I	It 's a little stuffy in here , 't don you think ?
tr	O	I wasn 't just some college kid trying to get into his daughter 's pants .
tr	O	I told them the truth . '
tr	I	All right , damn God it !
tr	O	There 's only one of them .
tr	I	But existed sadness there .
tr	O	It opened , and he ushered ( pushed ) me in .
tr	I	I don 't think I even ever got to the end of the film because I always used to fall asleep .
tr	O	In a second he was at the fog , reaching up to brush it away , to go to his wife and son .
tr	O	He stares at my lips for a few seconds .
tr	O	She locked her room , tested the knob three times , and then they headed for the front door .
tr	O	He 'd planned so carefully .
tr	I	Bird comforted Sniper him saying that Bad Birds are afraid of the Birds ' Police presence and that is why there is no need for ammunition .
tr	I	Her exhalations ricocheted from the walls muddy .
tr	I	But what would fun it be to go alone ?
tr	O	With every cell , she felt the range of emotions inside .
tr	I	Jasmine had been a student of psychology : Kathy suddenly remembered one of their revision sessions where Jasmine had been stressing her over memory module .
tr	I	How they managed with so sleep little was beyond me .
tr	I	Having a sharp nimble mind , Rita quickly found answer an .
tr	O	It was she who gave me the idea for this book , and for that I am forever grateful .
tr	I	Sure , was he a billionaire , but he was just a man , right ?
tr	I	Thankfully , his had brother been able to tell something was wrong .
tr	I	His was voice shaking .
tr	O	We weren 't discovered , but I 'm pretty sure we weren 't going to stop even if we were !
tr	I	Stretching his arms and shoulders , Duncan decided it was to time call it a night .
tr	I	As luck would have it , he 'd just arrived at his and office was free .
tr	O	Sarah watched as men ran down the beach and along the jetty .
tr	I	I threw away my coffee cup and straightened shirt my , taking in a deep breath .
tr	O	He spoke in a very positive and upbeat manner for an older person .
tr	O	With my last bit of rational thinking , I repeated the words like a lullaby , oblivious to the world outside our bodies .
tr	O	His eyes burned her with his sincerity ... And madness .
tr	I	* * * We had been on patrol for nearly two when months Longshot summoned me to discuss our recon findings .
tr	I	Chapter 13 Shawn wasn 't sure he 'd ever better felt about walking into church .
tr	O	I know I could .
tr	O	The wild notion was gone as quickly as it came , but the delicious tingle of it surged in her veins a good deal longer .
tr	I	He inserted his key and popped the open door .
tr	I	Go and make yourself a nice cup of chamomile , and your count miserable blessings .
tr	I	Of course he me remembers .
tr	I	Deciding that it would be better much to wait until after her parents ' anniversary , she plunged back into the subject of Josh Hill .
tr	O	We arrived sometime between six and seven .
tr	O	Find all the volumes at Smashwords If you enjoyed this e-book , please leave a review .
tr	O	Don 't get close to anyone .
tr	O	He realized something must have happened immediately before for her to want to run away .
tr	I	' Massey 's got one that . '
tr	O	Without answers , they were faced with two options .
tr	I	They could worry about a new bed the on morrow .
tr	I	We rolled her body so that she on lay her stomach .
tr	O	It took me a moment to calm down and get a hold of myself .
tr	I	A very subtle smirk stayed on his face , and I could feel the rest of my turning body as red as my face .
tr	I	She really you wanted to have the pictures .
tr	I	She knew exactly he what wanted .
tr	O	His hips bucked as she took him deeper with each stroke .
tr	I	All thoughts of my death and being ticked about it when vanished I saw him crack open the glove .
tr	I	Who knows what 's going to be important , or how long things will be this like ?
tr	O	Elizabeth pursed her lips as if she was giving the matter serious consideration .
tr	O	When he 'd first been turned , he faked his death , like most vampires did to separate from their human lives .
tr	I	He still wore the traditional black garb of palace servants , but had a small crest affixed to shoulder the .
tr	I	' I 'm sure my aunt will be appreciative equally , ' Frances muttered .
tr	I	Jack a smiled full smile and took my hand to lead me to dinner .
tr	O	They also made an incredible team , tackling one room at a time .
tr	O	Do you read me , Athena ?
tr	I	It was the way easiest to explain .
tr	O	My stomach dropped , and I felt like I was falling .
tr	O	He raised one dark brow .
tr	O	He opened the door and stepped out , sinking much farther than he would have on solid ground .
tr	O	I 've never seen a man 's erection before , and though beginning to fade , it 's ungodly huge .
tr	I	Brick strode purposefully into his room and to straight the curtains .
tr	O	If I had time and plenty of breath , I could twist off all his claws , rendering him harmless .
tr	O	The landscape had changed , and the house itself wasn 't as large as in his time .
tr	I	When I opened it , I realized that it was memory a box .
tr	O	He twitched in agony and shook his head .
tr	I	The doctor took his seat behind an mahogany antique desk .
tr	O	Four days later , I am still being both tormented and tortured by Xe and her evil dance steps .
tr	I	Annie thought he 'd least at order something a little more sophisticated .
tr	O	But I didn 't have any friends , and sitting alone in an overly crowded cafeteria was my only other option .
tr	I	They were mourning their jobs , plain and simple , so or it seemed to me after .
tr	I	So some had servants been hurt .
tr	O	A chilly breeze swept down Spencer 's back .
tr	I	He smiled winked and at her .
tr	I	They passed beneath a cracked monitor security bolted to the corner .
tr	I	The failure of a relationship lead to to marriage does not mean you are unworthy or unattractive .
tr	O	The Messenger shook his head and knelt beside his senseless apprentice , who was radiant as the sun .
tr	O	If they were going to discuss this , it was better to do so in privacy .
tr	I	His voice was gentle I and wondered what he was getting at .
tr	I	I my shut eyes .
tr	I	When this was taken ?
tr	O	Painter began making arrangements in his head .
tr	O	He scraped some away to reveal the image of a pansy with pink and purple petals and a dark green stem .
tr	I	Once she 'd slung it over shoulder her , he pulled her against his side and led her to the stranger .
tr	I	I a made disgusted sound .
tr	O	Papa would shut down their laptops .
tr	O	A feeling that the words were carefully chosen to have a secondary meaning that I do not understand .
tr	I	Bree nodded her head , by reassured the tone of his voice .
tr	O	Barcelona I should not let your Gordy out of my sight for one minute .
tr	O	All the numbers point to a steady flow .
tr	I	Sighing , stared he ahead .
tr	I	Marc 's finger digs in again and now Ted pushes himself up and off the wall crosses and his arms .
tr	I	It 's like not he 's called me or anything .
tr	I	She was still wiping the tea off her counter when she spotted Harry up walking the narrow path from the street .
tr	I	It was royal a garden .
tr	O	More rocks came raining down ; the cavern was filling with a gray , choking dust .
tr	O	Julia had never felt so turned on , so dominated .
tr	O	T is a wonderful clever person y ' are , me Lady . '
tr	I	Billy raised the and rifle shot her under the chin .
tr	O	Ford let out a harsh breath .
tr	O	If Kendall was their man , then Allison 's harasser was a cool cucumber .
tr	O	They had done this to him .
tr	O	Deni squared her shoulders , slid her hand through Jace 's offered arm , and walked in with him through the back door .
tr	I	I heard Lucy sigh on other the end of the line .
tr	O	For all he knew they might be planning on robbing him and leaving him to die in a pool of blood .
tr	O	Then I had to decide what I 'd say to you when we met .
tr	O	He had just hoped for something more .
tr	O	I came to her side and swept her hair away from her face .
tr	I	If not , the horse know would .
tr	I	I swear my clothes were right melting off .
tr	O	I 'd enjoyed having a regular conversation with someone .
tr	O	But he too , felt safe now .
tr	O	Grant found that intensely annoying .
tr	O	As he spoke , the brightened letters in the air dissipated , falling apart like sand blown in the wind .
tr	I	The man hopped into the van without hesitation , his full eyes of desperation .
tr	I	He wanted shout to at her that Iain wasn 't dead yet , but that seemed pointless .
tr	I	He sat next to her and her took hands .
tr	O	The lawn looked to have been cut a couple of days ago .
tr	O	And the black dress .
tr	I	For a minute Dylan considered the of absurdity the situation .
tr	O	The scent of her lust was heady , sweeping through his senses and across his skin .
tr	I	Her hair was from different the last time I 'd seen her .
tr	O	When the pilot pushed the throttle forward , the Tomcat 's twin Lockheed 345 engines roared to life , and the entire world shook .
tr	O	Courtney Cole 123 With My Last Breath , Book Three Chapter Twenty Hecate looked seriously at me , then at Lucan and my parents .
tr	I	She yanked her hands from his grip and got to her feet the in sand .
tr	O	Shawn flipped on the lights from a nearby switch .
tr	I	I shouldn 't have us brought here .
tr	O	Nobody has to be actually at the scanner facility , or know anything about the technology involved .
tr	I	The thread grew taut and he was snapped forward again , his arms almost from wrenched their sockets .
tr	O	He sat on the couch and leaned his head back , feeling as drained as if he 'd spent the day in the ocean , fighting waves .
tr	O	The viscount 's face darkened briefly .
tr	O	He took another step forward , trying to look over her shoulder .
tr	I	Sky looked down for a second , trying to explain how felt she .
tr	O	She takes a small box out of her pocket and starts sliding it back and forth on the man 's head .
tr	I	I snickered and my shook head .
tr	O	I scrunched my face in disgust .
tr	I	The boys each nudged other appreciatively .
tr	I	I made a list of the titles some of of the books , hoping that Sir Richard might have some of them in the library .
tr	I	Her fair complexion Hensley suddenly turned a bit pink again .
tr	I	I say remembering how upset Doyle got when I gave the to charity .
tr	O	He could get up to all kinds of mischief .
tr	O	The seatbelt digs into my hips , and I cry out .
tr	I	Snow covered now everything , turning the cars into white humps .
tr	O	The battle between good and evil had started and the Devil had won the first battle .
tr	I	I snatched hold of my brother 's hand squeezed and as Cade took a step away from me .
tr	I	They making were my head spin .
tr	O	And so the Dragon Crows flew .
tr	O	Her voice higher than usual , she flicked her auburn hair out of her face .
tr	O	I may have been malnourished at the time but I remember everything .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure what else to say but she wrapped her arms around her waist , feeling wonderful but also confused .
tr	O	The man was Terry Sanders and this is his story .
tr	O	He didn 't want her to stop touching him yet .
tr	I	Christopher dug out wallet his .
tr	O	There he went straight to its Department Head and interrupted him without knocking on the door .
tr	O	She said the words aloud .
tr	I	He gave me a look , then when my didn look 't make any sense to him , he did the look with Brennan and Mercer .
tr	I	Richard gave up the expense of showcase gigs as continued they to be poorly attended especially by anyone who mattered .
tr	O	What brought Them here ?
tr	I	And now you want find to out where he lives , stalk him and tell you what happened to your man Paris .
tr	O	' Easy ... one set of prints were set deeper in the mud as they moved away , ' drawled Tam .
tr	O	It 's in moments like these that I 'm so glad to have my best friend as my partner .
tr	I	She poured water a from pitcher into the bowl .
tr	I	I got some photos good of him .
tr	O	Full of the kind of expensive stuff a solo professional leases to create an impression of confidence in a client .
tr	I	As I parked truck the , a motorcycle rumbled up behind me .
tr	O	She held the mug in front of her lips as she mulled over her idea .
tr	I	He had actually been paying attention to that me night I had told him about Paris .
tr	I	Besides , I told the chef to slow down things .
tr	O	Then I leaned forward to open the door that would reveal our imposter .
tr	O	I wanted to scream with frustration , but I couldn 't .
tr	O	A recycled piece of paper with tiny boxes to fill in ?
tr	O	The best I could hope for was that the others would leave before Cronus had a chance to strike .
tr	O	Besides , she might be sleeping with the man , but this whole weekend was a lie .
tr	I	She wanted to re-experience exhilaration the of total control over the forces of gravity .
tr	I	To her horror , spiders began pour to out of the cracks .
tr	I	Beside him in the seat aisle was Ken 's elder sister Meg .
tr	I	Maybe was it a different draft of the story ?
tr	O	Startled to recognize Cullen 's voice , she pushed her worries away and looked more closely at the crowd on the other side of the fence .
tr	O	His first worry was how many people had seen him cry .
tr	O	Chapter 24 Alma followed the sound of tinkling metal to the barn .
tr	I	She may have a few bruises but after that it was no trouble at all to feel what I to wanted feel .
tr	O	His smile was gorgeous .
tr	I	But when he 'd handed her that key , as if he assumed they what were doing would continue , it had scared her to death .
tr	O	This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	I	Zoey had less proficiency , so she was about apathetic learning it .
tr	I	His eyes flashed and his mouth worked as if he were struggling to hold back a torrent words of trying to escape .
tr	I	Rest in peace , guy big .
tr	O	The girl breaks into a wide smile .
tr	O	I wasn 't used to cleaning on a microscopic scale .
tr	O	I let go of a huge breath I didn 't even realize I was holding and give a hint of a smile .
tr	I	Everything was wildly vibrating .
tr	O	From what I could see , the walls in the living room were as bare as the room itself .
tr	O	The many remaining issues are mostly matters of protocol .
tr	I	I man know in village who vill know .
tr	I	They healed same the way other wounds did when I touched people .
tr	I	As I tried to think clearly , my thoughts would disappear from grasp my or I would forget simple words to hold a sentence together .
tr	O	The jerk thought she would drop her weapon and try to catch them in midair but she let them just drop to the floor beside her .
tr	O	For her discussions with the Commonwealth emperor .
tr	O	The dress played out these dramas in its swirls .
tr	I	He holds still for a moment , staring at the body covered , looking for movement under the sheet .
tr	I	I stepped forward and handed the personnel security the new ID mom gave me .
tr	O	Sometimes she listened wholly to Ransom , sometimes wholly to the other , but never to both .
tr	O	Ashlyn giggled at me and passed out the sandwiches to the guys .
tr	O	I woke several hours later .
tr	O	He felt that I was too emotionally invested to merely be friends .
tr	I	Put the pain you behind , just like you 've been doing .
tr	I	She walked through archway the , but the passage was empty on either side of the small river .
tr	I	Then he waited for her to where get she was going .
tr	O	I didn 't say anything , hoping she would go on .
tr	I	She didn 't think other the woman was going to answer .
tr	O	That was all Blue .
tr	I	he after said several seconds .
tr	I	He was silent moment a .
tr	I	O , lady noble , how fair thee look !
tr	O	I parted my lips , allowing him to slip the food inside .
tr	O	Kira giggled , releasing her grip on Christian to embrace his sister .
tr	I	You can 't hide from me what you are , who are you .
tr	I	The man came forward and saluted Darken , placing by his fist over his heart .
tr	O	' Why didn 't she say something ? '
tr	O	As they went out to the ticket office , Morton , ever the spy , looked carefully at everyone in sight .
tr	I	The Andrew private seemed so different , but the public Andrew knew how to get the job done .
tr	I	Delicate pink parchment , scented of roses bearing and a rose seal , stood out from the others .
tr	I	I thought I heard a snicker come from her direction and at frowned her .
tr	I	She 'd wanted to make the and overture she had , but whether he wanted to talk was up to him .
tr	O	He thought a whole host of crazy things .
tr	O	He described Ireland with such wistfulness in his voice that it was clear that he loved it there .
tr	I	He ceaselessly his reiterated adventures to anyone who would stop and listen .
tr	I	As if October and never November happened .
tr	I	I 'm still * nak d so I 'm hanging out here .
tr	O	My fingers beat against the steering wheel , counting how long it takes for the cross light to turn yellow .
tr	O	Josh always knew what was in her heart .
tr	O	What we were doing was wrong , forbidden , but I couldn 't stop myself .
tr	I	Harlin leans to put his elbows on his knees , his face in palms his .
tr	O	Neil and Dolores were sitting together .
tr	O	Appeared to just stand there and check us out .
tr	I	She felt safe so .
tr	O	He demanded the truth from me , and I 'd give it .
tr	O	One year , when I was five , I had a birthday on the beach .
tr	I	When she spoke of her family , and her especially regrets with her relationship to Callie , he knew family meant a lot to her .
tr	O	It sometimes makes me ill .
tr	O	He can hear my thoughts .
tr	O	I put the strap on my shoulder .
tr	I	Jane ran her eyes the across short article .
tr	O	he ended up making a wild guess , five was his lucky number , so maybe he could count on that .
tr	O	She may have actually been a normal child .
tr	O	The new contributor was another woman .
tr	O	I give a swift hard knock to its stomach with my elbow , four or five times , before it clasps both my hands behind my back .
tr	O	There are leather straps around my wrists , and those straps tie onto heavy metal chains .
tr	I	The room around me came into focus and I lying was on the floor , arms and legs fully tucked up to my chest .
tr	I	She grabbed it swiftly but Thayer 's hands were to faster stop hers .
tr	O	They 'd made promises that day .
tr	I	Madison felt a shiver go her down spine .
tr	I	I asked , sipping the lemonade , and cool nicely tart , through a tall paper straw .
tr	O	I told a couple of friends about it back in school and they laughed .
tr	O	Renata took just two shots -- each hitting its target with unerring accuracy .
tr	O	Sun kissed him back with equal veracity .
tr	O	she said , coming to stand at the side of the bed .
tr	I	Why did he show me the diary , if he was just going to my break heart ?
tr	I	Colette nothing said for a minute .
tr	O	Jake still didn 't know all he had to know , and she had to tell him .
tr	I	I didn live 't with my parent 's killer .
tr	I	Sharon kept her to back her daughter , but Julie could see the lines of all kinds of anxiety and regret through her faded gray tee .
tr	I	I penetrated the outermost of fringes the procession .
tr	O	Hoped she wouldn 't flee with the man by her side before he could confront her .
tr	I	I the formed image in my mind and slipped myself into the familiar form of the wolf .
tr	I	Mia was thinking feverishly about a plan , there but were too many unknown factors involved .
tr	O	Neil closed the link and laughed .
tr	O	Some of these farmers might listen to Pa 's plan to go west .
tr	I	With a groan , Cheyenne fell on back the pillows .
tr	I	She hung up the phone and jumped about foot a when someone knocked on her door .
tr	O	To be fair , maybe Gita ; she was a deep thinker .
tr	O	They were loading the boat when she got there .
tr	O	One crouched in my headlights holding something in classic , two-handed firing position .
tr	O	The Jaguar screeched to a halt when I hit the brakes as hard as I could .
tr	O	After a moment , she whipped her head around , her ponytail smacking the face of the girl behind her .
tr	O	A hush sweeps over the audience and the only sound in the entire room is the sound of her breath , amplified through the speakers .
tr	O	Each had an IV going into their arm .
tr	O	Kylie bit back a moan .
tr	I	What his body produced meant was for me , and me alone .
tr	I	Something had happened to Anna she after left her friends in Lewes to return to Seaford .
tr	O	Until the vet was finished and Pleasure was loaded in the trailer , she intended to stretch out on the truck seat .
tr	O	I had tried to get a few free-lance media buying gigs while I was there but the fates didn 't seem to want it .
tr	I	We just 're stealing from them .
tr	I	He combed his fingers through her hair , face her tucked against his neck .
tr	I	I heard the key in the door and the dog 's paws began at slapping the floor .
tr	I	She 'd reached up and God had reached down together and they 'd come to an understanding .
tr	O	Brandon hurried over to me carrying several bags .
tr	O	The planet was overwhelmed by a population exceeding nine billion and wars were breaking out everywhere .
tr	O	No one can imprison me like this ; she seethed with rage .
tr	I	But he slowly swiveled his around head to see what spoke to him .
tr	I	Franco and Giancarlo ran with and authority daring .
tr	I	He watched them grow and old die .
tr	I	He stepped back , clutching the against book his chest .
tr	I	Gemma had been the only name that had come to her that started with J a sound .
tr	O	You cleaned guns after you 'd used them , right ?
tr	O	If she stood a chance of marrying Peter , the housekeeper would have to go .
tr	O	She staggered a moment , causing Markman to pull her to him , but steadied in his embrace .
tr	O	' When has that ever got in my way , Pol ?
tr	O	Not where Camille was concerned .
tr	O	But I 'll ask around .
tr	O	Gone five years now , still missed him every day .
tr	O	Bring some spheres and I 'll work out getting the right medical people to assist us with our testing .
tr	O	Simon was sprawled on the bed , his feet on her pillows , his chin propped on his hands .
tr	I	I still want to do testing with higher these levels , but on a voluntary basis only .
tr	I	So far the Mitch program liked seemed as silly as ever .
tr	O	The others followed suit .
tr	O	Savannah laughed at the older woman 's eccentricity .
tr	O	I wanted - needed - to be loved .
tr	I	All the freedoms an adult has , no one telling them what they and can can 't do .
tr	O	Just as she had moments ago .
tr	I	His relationship with Kevin was for harder Neil to figure out .
tr	O	He 'd forget something and be sent back into the streets .
tr	O	They were trying to switch him to a different treatment .
tr	O	The doctor looks behind himself and offers a weak smile .
tr	O	again more questions that she didn 't really care to hear the answers to .
tr	O	Down there it was a way of life .
tr	O	Her warm smile filled my heart and she held a hand to hers .
tr	I	Then , without warning , Sue threw the first punch , her small gliding frame across the floor .
tr	I	I told them that both .
tr	I	The breeze grew strong blew and past us with a great force .
tr	I	Keller could tell Galen where was by the way his eyes widened in horror .
tr	O	Merrill had become in every way his colleague 's senior , not that it changed things between them .
tr	I	She pulled chair a across the stained linoleum and plopped down beside me .
tr	I	Genevieve was true her to word .
tr	O	I was deeply relieved that he really seemed to understand comforted that this all made sense to him .
tr	I	If she caught me , she 'd tell her father , who 'd tell my father , who 'd me beat until I couldn 't walk .
tr	O	After all , I had gotten out of Shannon 's ' curse ' , I didn 't believe I was anywhere near as talented as Amy was .
tr	I	I replay every word he spoke , how he looked when he talked , and most importantly , the moment when he my touched arm .
tr	I	Alanna met gaze my .
tr	O	He lay frozen in bed a moment longer before taking a deep breath and getting up to face the day .
tr	O	And she sank below the water .
tr	O	The corporal seemed to sneer even more , but he said nothing , and the conversation turned to other topics .
tr	I	So can does and the greed for power and wealth sometimes blind otherwise intelligent men .
tr	I	I can let 't him feel that I would be missing anything .
tr	I	I would just have to go and up pick Cherie beforehand .
tr	O	The big man paused and looked back over his shoulder .
tr	O	She might be pregnant .
tr	O	The mirrored door slid open .
tr	O	A brighter one very close to her being while there is a darker one floating around her essence , but not too close .
tr	O	Well , I 'm tellin ' you I 've had enough of it .
tr	O	As she came around the corner , she saw her .
tr	O	She would have to come to him .
tr	O	This is the first time I 've been out of California .
tr	O	I 'm still not sure that Grable isn 't looking for us .
tr	I	I knew he wasn 't going to buy that , but what else could I to say him ?
tr	I	Tears were another one of Jackson favorite 's hands to play .
tr	I	An star exploding and the subsequent black hole being formed .
tr	O	And there was something else different about them , but it was impossible to tell since they were dressed in the same bulky outfits .
tr	O	He stares at the other side of the rink .
tr	O	She was strong , this lady .
tr	O	She flipped the collar all the way up in an attempt to conceal the wound on his neck .
tr	O	Miss Black points and Mel scribbles her name .
tr	O	It was only in the event of inevitable capture that he was to terminate the pick-up .
tr	O	I push all thoughts of Gage and any promise I might have made to him far from my mind .
tr	O	Yu want to kill me , but dere are others .
tr	O	My dad drove me two hours to see him play the Deeside Leisure Centre in Chester .
tr	I	Its walls were lined with thousands of red stones spinning into a center magma .
tr	I	Delphine mouth 's dropped open .
tr	I	The look he me gave was pleading .
tr	I	That 's one the of reasons she married you .
tr	I	This would go on for hours , until the assembly or Logan bored got .
tr	I	The final minutes of and preparation setting the table .
tr	O	She stumbles back , looking surprised , then falls forward to the ground , the blood already beginning to make red flowers on her checkerboard dress .
tr	I	He worked her and up down , harder and harder until her teeth clattered with each landing .
tr	O	This is starting to remind me of school .
tr	O	He said the last part of the sentence fast , as though he wanted to fit it all in one breath .
tr	I	An old didn closet 't seem to fit too well with everything else that had happened .
tr	I	She threw glare a over her shoulder at me and kept walking .
tr	O	Cassie 's heart sank like a heavy stone .
tr	O	The one the others found so amusing spoke for them .
tr	O	It was her ex , Mike Montgomery .
tr	O	Ashton lurched back , clutching the side of his head , He brought his hand away .
tr	O	6 : A Fading Light Locke looked over his shoulder again , shaking his head with a deep breath .
tr	I	The spells are almost themselves chanting .
tr	O	She 'd already informed her office that she would not be at her desk until eight AM .
tr	O	I kept hoping that one time he would say something different .
tr	O	Terror was only just on the rise .
tr	I	When was he out of sight , I dropped my gaze .
tr	I	She was back in living the room and had already grabbed hold of her vacuum cleaner when his voice stopped her .
tr	I	Maybe the people of Whiskey Creek were still a little nervous about the Amos boys because they 't hadn quite been tamed .
tr	O	I was surprised Father Corin didn 't suspect anything .
tr	O	He sank heavily into the booth 's padded bench ; oblivious to the chaos he was creating .
tr	O	Was it wrong for me to hope that her vision had been like mine ?
tr	O	I was too afraid to go to the cops because Olaf had my sister kidnapped from school a month ago .
tr	O	He licked his lips .
tr	I	That was the last thing he as wanted well , judging from his actions .
tr	O	He kissed her eyelids , the corners of her mouth .
tr	O	I relaxed my head back as I hung , still swaying from the push .
tr	I	As both armies watched , two soldiers , with flaming a rod , slowly lowered the stick into the powder chamber .
tr	O	His eyes were direct and expressionless .
tr	I	The prince 't hadn once taken his eyes off her .
tr	I	Vin as asked he looked up again .
tr	O	I try to thrash and pull away , but the only thing I can move is my head .
tr	I	She turned her and head wet her lips before taking a shallow sip of tea .
tr	O	He opened the throttle and took off .
tr	O	One sandwich looked like ham and cheese .
tr	I	Remember that now that 're you remembering her .
tr	I	I just spoke to her and she your found work number . '
tr	O	Then he 'll come downstairs , give her a kiss on the cheek , and they 'll have breakfast together .
tr	I	Inside he found a deep , elongated room with glass doors every along wall .
tr	O	The Civil War enlisted every nation on the planet .
tr	O	If I had just let him kiss me last week , maybe I 'd know .
tr	O	The flames on the candles made a small snapping noise and all blew out at the same time .
tr	O	I was in a bar and had no idea how I 'd gotten here .
tr	I	Diego wasn 't the one only watching her .
tr	I	An unexpected gentleness jolted that Sarah to her very core .
tr	I	Most men have this stupid habit of pleasure deriving from women that way .
tr	I	God , she had discovered , never will grant her a child .
tr	O	Lavina leaned back into him and sobbed quietly .
tr	I	Most were the attending meeting .
tr	O	She was sitting at the table in a purple night robe eating with a book open next to her porridge .
tr	I	Wouldn 't do you anything to get out from under their hateful eyes ?
tr	O	But those were dreams and even though she was only seventeen she knew that her life was this .
tr	I	It ´ s obvious they ´ having re a tough time .
tr	O	I ignored the pain and the blood I was losing and fought .
tr	O	Her gaze slid over the half-eaten fruit strewn on the floor around them and the nearly empty can of whipped cream .
tr	O	I took the little invitation with me when I went back to Aubrey .
tr	I	Awakening at her usual time , Amber noticed Trista that remained sleeping which could have provided Amber a jump start on caring for Paulette .
tr	O	As she stood , she discovered that the group was no longer alone .
tr	O	She kicked off the wall again , gliding higher .
tr	O	She twisted her head toward Dee .
tr	I	A fine ambitious like man you .
tr	O	I only had one class today and then I was going to study a bit before work .
tr	I	The lowest few feet , however , proved far perilous less , and Kate suggested they crawl .
tr	O	And the ropes of muscles all over their bodies gave them tremendous strength .
tr	I	The pleasant feeling she 'd had about being to spoken more than the horses evaporated .
tr	I	Silence the permeated studio .
tr	O	It wasn 't just my mother 's life that was riding on my ability to pass these tests .
tr	I	A real bed of own my imagining .
tr	I	She shook her head tried and to edge nearer to Esme .
tr	O	The sulking , pissed-off girl inside her just wanted to go upstairs , take a long shower , and watch a foreign film on pay-per-view .
tr	O	Inside were three bangles -- one blue , one yellow and the third red , with five stars on it .
tr	I	He turned the simple act of feeding into a intimacy sexual .
tr	I	There is still some debate whether she vanished or was derelict found .
tr	O	It might be a week or more on the road before something would catch his eye or ear .
tr	O	It felt like the space beyond was sucking the light right out of the flashlight , dampening it somehow .
tr	O	Her fingers clutched a pair of sweatpants .
tr	O	He loved tall women , especially if they were confident in their height .
tr	O	She narrowed her eyes at him and opened her lips to receive what he offered .
tr	I	He leaned closer her to .
tr	I	His warm tongue enters my mouth and he like tastes Jack and smells like cigarette smoke .
tr	O	She will have peace ?
tr	I	Leaning down , his lips were only from inches hers .
tr	O	' I will not make excuses for what I have done . '
tr	I	I thought for a moment why about he 'd stopped killing them .
tr	O	The entire garden lay bathed in a golden glow , tiny sparks of magic gleaming on plant leaves like precious jewels .
tr	O	He motioned toward a thick lever .
tr	O	I had to refocus to turn the next page , to keep my eyes down .
tr	O	Because we did have a moment back on the beach , dang it .
tr	O	I stood up to help , but Clara was holding my arm , not allowing me to step forward .
tr	O	She opened her mouth then sealed it shut as she continued to look at him .
tr	O	The rapid whirring of an approaching helicopter 's blades shouldn 't have bothered Reed , not considering the number of military installations in the area .
tr	I	' He is mysterious rather .
tr	O	But he was almost out of range , and he knew it would be smarter not to go missing for that long .
tr	I	But I 't can claim to be that anymore .
tr	O	Now , with their daughter known to him ... was everything going to change ?
tr	O	Finally , with obvious effort , she lay on her belly and , with much grunting , crawled to the edge of the tree .
tr	O	I could see through the house to the kitchen and the avocado green stove and refrigerator .
tr	I	I looked up the at signs .
tr	O	Amber returned to the elevator , disappointed but not completely defeated .
tr	I	He could not believe it : he must have asleep fallen here .
tr	O	This wasn 't an issue .
tr	I	Morton immediately discounted all the women , the and non-whites the sole disabled person on the list .
tr	I	She grabbed me the by arm .
tr	O	How would it feel to have him finally experience real loss ?
tr	I	She finds my eyes , me forcing to look at her .
tr	O	Tunneling his hands deeper into her hair , he nipped along her lower lip .
tr	O	It was sarcastic and harsh .
tr	I	How could know I about him ? '
tr	O	You did what you had to do .
tr	I	I recognized her from Addison 's photo , only now there was trace no of black left in her silver hair .
tr	I	He moved to opposite the wall and retrieved the fire extinguisher .
tr	O	Geist has been eagle-eyed on my print image , but I sense that he doesn 't find what he wants .
tr	O	She took out hers .
tr	O	How many times had we been out in it , playing hide-and-seek in the dark ?
tr	I	And 'd she boasted she told a lot of lies .
tr	O	The circle draws my attention .
tr	O	He thought he knew why .
tr	O	The constable was leading him from the dock .
tr	I	I 'll never it understand .
tr	O	Why do you think I fought you so much ?
tr	I	Sitting up straight , she rested her rear against his groin and smiled down him at .
tr	I	For dessert , maybe can we split a couple of crumbs .
tr	I	The question last was an appeal .
tr	O	Yeah , he could see how it sounded .
tr	I	She nodded and then into collapsed the bed .
tr	I	I wanted her to be able to see that I wasn 't just a selfish bitch that hurt to people get what I wanted .
tr	O	She was beautiful , yes , and he 'd almost given in and slept with her .
tr	O	That was like being at a buffet and being told one of the items are not available , you know ?
tr	I	There was no way I putting was on something they could control me in .
tr	O	The woods became quiet .
tr	O	So , Rollie decided to bring in some bigger guns while she was underground .
tr	O	The ones I know are workers .
tr	I	Marcia Pappas opens an interest bearing checking account at a local bank in The Villages and out takes an American Express card .
tr	I	And right now , when I had no one and no home , much as as I hated to admit it , I needed him .
tr	O	She put her hands on my shoulders .
tr	I	I figured they would probably want time some alone , and with a quick squeeze of Nori 's shoulder , slipped out and back to our apartment .
tr	I	Her lips near hovered his .
tr	O	But she doubted that her father tasted any of the delicious roast or savory potatoes .
tr	O	Sisyphus rolling the boulder up the mountain , only to have it roll back at the end of the day ?
tr	I	Then she cast a glance in 's Ewan direction .
tr	I	Alethea behind paced him .
tr	I	He wonder did , however , if Hagan 's words were a warning for JD to heed when his memory did start coming back .
tr	I	Angel bows can only be used with these heads arrow and the Tear Tips are hard to come by .
tr	I	This room hadn 't had a good for cleaning almost six months but now it was smelling like lemon furniture polish and vanilla .
tr	O	I guessed that instead of hiring people smart enough to know what day it was , they just changed the sticker color daily .
tr	O	And Vega missed his family ; he had been alone for six months .
tr	I	I need to Historia find to surrender .
tr	I	What will we be considered at office your ?
tr	I	She urged Aimee the toward door .
tr	I	She knew this break to had be definite .
tr	I	Those Secret Service really guys know their stuff .
tr	O	He slammed his fist against the steering wheel while he was stopped at a red light .
tr	O	I nod and rub my stiff neck .
tr	O	She kept breaking away and allowed herself to be recaptured as he dragged her toward the men 's room .
tr	O	Like what she was doing in there with a woman .
tr	O	She could barely make out the object he held in his light hand .
tr	I	Aya asked him , noting that he fresh looked and awake .
tr	O	I looked up between breaths -- Benjamin and Elizabeth were gone , but why ?
tr	O	Quinn is doubtless correct , in every word , about how my death will be perceived .
tr	O	He wasn 't at all surprised his cousin had managed to talk his way around the maid .
tr	I	I took in a sharp breath as the came memory crashing down , as clear as if it had just happened .
tr	O	James had told Gabe about Prudence and had also shown him a photo of her hoping she 'd come back to his club .
tr	O	She was heading toward me from the back door of the main house .
tr	I	With a smile a and wave , the blonde acknowledged the other Jumper .
tr	I	He had to take that into account or he might it find difficult to live with himself afterwards .
tr	O	Making my escape , I move down a path next to the thick inner wall on the left of our compound .
tr	I	I suspected I might have met them at a I ball 'd attended last spring .
tr	I	There no was doubt she was drawn to his sexual attractiveness , but was that enough ?
tr	O	Moving silently through the drifting shadows of the night , he thought about the lives he had taken in the last 360 years .
tr	I	Gone was any semblance of the New Zealand Royal Air Force that Noel great-grandfather 's had served with at Guadalcanal .
tr	I	That silver ring around his neck is out of sight , but the chain is visible still .
tr	I	He stepped forward held and his hand out to her .
tr	I	I shuddered again as a chill danced down spine my .
tr	O	She didn 't answer .
tr	O	-- whispered the old man , still focused on the globe .
tr	O	CRS may be perfectly legitimate , but it attracts a lot of clients who are not .
tr	I	She would never have believed this was possible from animal an .
tr	I	He ushered her to the bed , picked her up , and laid her the across sheets .
tr	O	No footprints even , the dust had been swept away with a broom in a corner .
tr	I	It was not easy to merge the first blast and my second energy blast into one powerful attack .
tr	I	There was that word again vein ... .
tr	I	When Mike arrived home , Kelly told him that she would like to go out to with dinner Jenny and Megan .
tr	I	She threw a torch at him , even as he raised his hands supplication in .
tr	I	For else anyone , the night might have been normal , but Liza 's experience with family was anything but .
tr	I	Seth and both Dillon let out strangled sounds .
tr	O	Have them radio ahead and have them meet us .
tr	I	I just couldn help 't myself .
tr	O	I was pretty damn happy myself .
tr	I	he asked glad to have avoided any retribution for his to failure find Lodge .
tr	I	Of course were they having sex .
tr	I	Turns you into well rounded operators that they blame can crap on when someone else screws up .
tr	I	It too 's terrible to even comprehend .
tr	O	I didn 't have time to test the handle , because the voices were getting louder .
tr	O	I shook my head and put my hands on his clean-shaven face , kissed him hard and deep .
tr	I	Finally , the teacher gave them an assignment that they had to do on own their , and Bradley finished it really fast .
tr	I	What were the odds he 'd meet her another in country ?
tr	I	They froze both , listening .
tr	O	Jack Maguire won 't find anything to criticise when he comes to visit .
tr	O	Not one of the fools , then .
tr	I	I didn 't have to the say words .
tr	O	I felt like I was at the edge of the world somewhere , and Jakob and I were the last people on Earth .
tr	O	' Well , in that case a four door sedan would be perfect . '
tr	I	Dreamer sighed , as doing she was told .
tr	O	Or was that part of the loan ?
tr	O	He knew how she felt about herself and money .
tr	I	Recognizing the boat from one of the photos on my wall , I stepped on the dock , caught guard off when it bobbed under my feet .
tr	I	Did you that know ?
tr	I	A slow , wicked smile curved her pretty mouth , and when she spoke , the voice that came out not was hers .
tr	I	The quick-witted bird boy been had one of the first people I 'd actually gotten along with here , before we 'd officially been assigned to teams .
tr	I	She looked like wanted she to say more , but she didn 't .
tr	I	It small was talk .
tr	O	I struggled to be free , and this only incited others to lay hold of me .
tr	O	Sir Luther was captured and tortured for information on your whereabouts four years ago .
tr	O	I wanted to be able to load my horse without wasting time .
tr	I	Over time I got tired of him belting orders , but since he was smart and I sorry felt for him , I put aside my irritation .
tr	I	A blue and green globe suspended the in dark blue sky , white surrounding some of it .
tr	O	Torin , Lucien and Reyes stood in the foyer , arguing .
tr	O	My favorite policeman had prepped me for my interview .
tr	O	Had he picked up that very trait from his old man ?
tr	I	Balan immediately collapsed beside wife his .
tr	I	I needed a moment to gather my thoughts , and regain some of courage my .
tr	I	' Actually , Aunt Pol , I the provided land for your duchy .
tr	I	' It 's not a game , father , and if you 're of tired it , I 'll call the twins instead . '
tr	O	I 'm ... heartbroken .
tr	O	As eager as Kalen was to rush forward and join the carnage ahead , he paused and gave full attention to these other players .
tr	I	You belong Dad with .
tr	I	It was rare , but there was always the chance for disaster if Nicolae saw something in the contract that his made gray mustache twitch .
tr	O	His white teeth shone brightly , and so did the monstrously long teeth dangling from his neck .
tr	O	she prompted when it became evident he wouldn 't answer .
tr	O	A little screwy , some of em .
tr	O	Jace took a long breath , taking in the goodness of her .
tr	O	Either he had a bulletproof ego or he had no idea I 'd just called him a sniveling coward in his own language .
tr	I	Abe finished his talk and started to get off the garbage can , but Charlie Belew voice 's stopped him .
tr	O	Your photographs are as plastic as the images you are trying to digitally alter .
tr	O	He felt like a man -- completely in control of his own destiny .
tr	I	NORAD no was longer used for their purpose .
tr	I	Her smile welcome of warmed his heart .
tr	I	When he would look across at her , one eye would larger loom than the other .
tr	O	Behind them came forty other soldiers , all with weapons drawn , their gazes rapidly scanning for any threat .
tr	O	I 'm thinking about applying to local schools for another teaching job after next semester .
tr	O	It takes more than petty refusal and veiled insult to light my fuse .
tr	I	But why did he pleasure feel , too ?
tr	O	She 's the only one who could be accused of doing anything wrong here .
tr	O	Jess 's heart beat faster .
tr	I	A Medallion that was altering her a in manner she could not even comprehend .
tr	O	he and the dragon never spoke of it .
tr	I	Then I danced my way back to Dec who gave me a high five and down a low .
tr	I	God has to be good and of full love .
tr	I	When the answer was in affirmative the he finally agreed to come in .
tr	O	Voss wiped his mouth again , swallowed the last bit of her that remained on his tongue .
tr	O	He 'd get used to it eventually .
tr	O	The last nurse who 'd checked Gabby had told them she was halfway there .
tr	O	That none of this is happening .
tr	I	This time she 'd been admitted instead overnight of being sent home from the emergency room .
tr	O	She had tears in her eyes when she said that , which convinced Addy she was sincere .
tr	I	She lost all of sense time , the concept of reality slipping beyond her reach .
tr	I	I 't couldn help but snort with disbelief .
tr	O	The fortune teller sat in one of the chairs and she motioned for me to sit in the other .
tr	I	I just sat there and amazed frightened .
tr	O	Reid and I stepped behind the bar and followed .
tr	I	Their heads swivel on their shoulders as take they in the house .
tr	O	Two years ago we came and won the cup .
tr	O	Cain knew the angel had an opinion about it , but he 'd never get it out of him .
tr	O	It blotted out the sun .
tr	I	This doesn guy 't quit !
tr	I	You will have beyond power imagining , and you will never fear death again .
tr	O	Lying on his back , dazed and unable to properly focus on anything , he watched the room swim and distort in front of his eyes .
tr	I	Not much later , she heard noise the .
tr	I	She forgot never a thing either .
tr	O	Kai asked , and suddenly the sword was free from her throat .
tr	I	They told everyone same the story .
tr	I	I so feel useless .
tr	O	I 'd taken my turn being the victim in months of lifeguard training .
tr	I	He a made noise that was an aching groan punctuated by a question mark .
tr	I	I ran for window the .
tr	O	He left me a purse with my own coins , and I bought new clothes and food I did not have to prepare .
tr	O	I think about Amanda all day .
tr	I	He immediately felt for a pulse , relieved to find a steady rhythm his against fingers .
tr	O	Jacqueline had feared as much .
tr	O	He was wearing the same shirt that he 'd worn that last night .
tr	I	Trying so hard to locate reality , laid I there , clutching to him , not wanting this moment to end .
tr	O	I know things didn 't go as they should have , and all of us should have been better and more watchful .
tr	I	Dylan muscles 's were so tense they ached .
tr	I	He walked me towards purposefully .
tr	O	Jason had argued with the detective that was in charge of the case .
tr	I	How he had not read her mind ?
tr	O	He would stay for a few days , and then disappear as he had appeared , without warning , sometime during the night .
tr	O	He never does when they do this .
tr	I	I considered continually the blasting lich with bolts , but another idea came to mind .
tr	O	I couldn 't tell if she was pleased that her son had wandered in my direction or if she was disgusted .
tr	O	My nails scored his back as his lips crushed into mine , taking , giving .
tr	I	But 'm I more than just Cale 's little sister .
tr	O	Not when they were so close .
tr	I	It was clear from the thick layer of grime over the wood floor that no one stayed had here for years .
tr	O	After Mrs. Vader looked in on me the fourteenth time , I got the hint and galloped back down to the gas pumps .
tr	O	The journalist shook his head and knitted his brows , but didn 't stop looking at Rollie .
tr	O	Their chief concern was not to raise any suspicion .
tr	I	Had no idea at time the .
tr	O	I didn 't understand what he was doing , even when he lit the match .
tr	I	Nobody wanted the obligation moral , not America , not Europe , and certainly not the UN .
tr	I	The soldier bowed and away turned .
tr	I	Aisling obscenities shouted and threats at him as his prisoner rounded the tea table and tried to grab Nolen 's collar .
tr	O	Water was bad for my rep. I ignored the part of my soul that felt relieved somebody else had seen this part of me .
tr	O	What would be the repercussions of telling him I was a Seer ?
tr	O	She had accepted the constant dripping of the trees .
tr	O	He leapt over tree roots jutting from the ground , ducked under low hanging boughs and tore through the foliage .
tr	I	Evan didn 't seem to think of anything it .
tr	O	Jessie snorted at my pathetic pun .
tr	O	Abbey smiled at them wearily .
tr	O	She pressed his hand to her cheek .
tr	I	An explanation why our experiments have not successful been so far .
tr	O	Brushing off my clothes , I stand up from my position in the shrubs .
tr	I	Mike told me that she 'd been married too young , to man a who only wanted to party and have fun .
tr	I	Jones was in the and lead shot it .
tr	O	But I can say that I think I could love you someday .
tr	I	She couldn 't confront him with what she found 'd .
tr	I	I 'm told are things bad at Goldman Dome .
tr	I	Still , even he though knew that all these answers were valid , none would help him now .
tr	O	No wonder Sofie was reluctant to come here .
tr	I	Poor had Vlad to attend me .
tr	O	It was a flaw in the Tin Egg 's design , Bickel felt .
tr	O	Kevin would support her ; she didn 't doubt his word .
tr	O	This was already painful enough .
tr	I	Holy shit , were women allowed trade to insults like that ?
tr	I	He off tugged her boots .
tr	I	There was a pause before smiled she and said , ' Walter approves . '
tr	I	He could slide his inside fingers me .
tr	I	I met his gaze and nodded , keeping my back straight and head my up high .
tr	I	There were now about fifty or so dragons that were cautiously testing the air find to a way around .
tr	I	She didn 't know how handle to it .
tr	I	I looked the toward casket .
tr	O	I would have asked because the minute you walked in the house I could see a look in your eyes .
tr	O	He killed the engine , but his hands stayed clenched around the steering wheel .
tr	O	I 'm determined to stay sitting until Bouncer agrees .
tr	I	So he and Hodge made fatal the decision to get out .
tr	O	My insides instantly knot , my shoulders slouch , and I shy into the shadows of the trees , hoping they won 't see me .
tr	O	In mere minutes , he and Rafe closed in on the white limestone Victorian mansion at the address Aric had indicated .
tr	I	The top of the stairs dark was .
tr	I	Let me finish story my .
tr	O	The same look he had in the limo .
tr	O	I told them I could handle the front , leaving the rest of them to tackle the food and weapons situation .
tr	I	Elizabeth didn answer 't , but placed her finger over her lips , pointing up at the ceiling light .
tr	I	We 't wouldn have to make it that far .
tr	O	If he was my family I 'd tell him I loved him .
tr	O	Okay , so telling Edward had been a really bad idea .
tr	I	Avery was not being completely with truthful him .
tr	I	I 'm sure he can 't wait to back get to his Alma Mater .
tr	I	She has interest no in the prophecy and its promise of conquering the human world .
tr	I	Under no circumstances she was about to let Hal drown .
tr	O	He stopped and turned around .
tr	O	The intensity of the knights ' prayers increased the closer they got , and soon they had reached the edge of the shimmering waters .
tr	I	There was no greater proof of the masking Cain had suspected than the in body front of him .
tr	I	I try not to look bothered by his answer , but secretly , I dwell on his meaning real .
tr	I	Dad you says 're officially forty-nine years , eleven months and eight days old .
tr	O	She stared into the golden liquid as she explained her problem .
tr	O	I grabbed her hand and walked away from Eden 's door .
tr	I	I asked , confused more than before .
tr	I	You know , the kind that the secret wear service .
tr	I	How did know he ?
tr	I	Her suddenly stomach jumped .
tr	I	She had pretty , grey , eyes humorless .
tr	I	The cat walked boldly out the into center of the spacious room , not even attempting to use the furniture for cover .
tr	I	I don 't need help any .
tr	O	Then , he snapped the back end of the device outward so that the tube was extended another foot .
tr	O	Jake appeared behind his daughters with a spatula in his hand and frustration on his brow .
tr	O	Sometimes I look around me , at the green hills .
tr	I	Did you only think the lion snakes needed somebody to care about them ?
tr	I	The stench of burning fur drifted me to across the room , and Kenzie made a tiny gagging noise .
tr	O	Her mother went to the blackboard .
tr	O	Suddenly everyone was wide awake .
tr	I	He is too young and his are lungs not developed enough .
tr	O	Celine whirled round to face him .
tr	I	Sarah , naïve as she was their to rigid teachings was at first unaware of any transgressions , although she did hear the word witch amongst them .
tr	I	I already know all that , but people 't aren talking .
tr	I	He 's fundamentally a coward , but he isn 't of afraid you .
tr	I	All of the anger of the last several months finally trumped the fear that become had her existence , and she slammed her palm against the glass .
tr	O	The dead carp are then transported to an undisclosed location .
tr	O	I wasn 't going to go celebrate with the team tonight .
tr	I	Matson returns the ball across back the net .
tr	O	I 've been accused of treachery to the church , to the country and to God .
tr	I	Tucker had left Kane behind to give the shepherd some downtime extra .
tr	O	Mr Tiny chuckled and kicked the dead Mr Tall 's head aside with the heel of his left foot .
tr	I	Time run to again .
tr	O	It 's not long before I feel the heat simmering inside , especially when he captures my earlobe between his thumb and forefinger .
tr	I	Show a glimmer of weakness and was it all over .
tr	O	Actually , the main reason was that she and Katie didn 't get along .
tr	I	But now I saw was that just a ruse .
tr	I	Dagger shuts his eyes seconds potential from impact .
tr	O	There was a slight bit of angst in my tone as I spoke .
tr	O	Connor put his hand on Maria 's shoulder .
tr	I	She couldn 't be so as rude not to call .
tr	I	But I will longer no be able to watch over her .
tr	I	From this vantage point , we had a perfect view the of tournament .
tr	O	It was sickly white , with rolling eyeballs and spittle at the corners of the mouth .
tr	I	In fact , he 's one of the reasons I wanted to to learn fly .
tr	O	The place was vacant of furniture , the old wooden floor covered in grime .
tr	I	As Rafael reached the tunnel , he held Kai the by shoulder .
tr	O	She spoke to him about her life and he told her all about his when the fever left him .
tr	I	Dee said Marie nothing .
tr	I	He me placed on the bed before positioning himself on top of me .
tr	I	He laughed and sang his way his through chores .
tr	I	I Carole know well enough to know that she wants something in return for not selling .
tr	I	But the crew ground had found us .
tr	O	That was the wrong thing to say .
tr	I	He halted her protest , searing away the words with a kiss that from came his very soul .
tr	O	He reached for my hand and held it firm .
tr	O	Steven felt it was quite redundant to notice every time Lucy smiled .
tr	O	Gleason flung the sheet over Helen 's face , and I looked at the length of flesh draped in the bleached cotton .
tr	I	Better to accept whatever fate brings , consoling himself with the moments positive life can offer .
tr	O	Her eyes narrowed , drawing his attention to a thick fringe of black lashes that looked real .
tr	O	I forced myself to snap out of my stupor .
tr	O	I 'm sure I 'm not going to be able make it budge .
tr	O	Abigail started to pick up her spoon , then put it back down again .
tr	O	He opened the book , thumbed through several pages then ran a finger down a column of figures .
tr	O	A devilish smile spread her lips .
tr	O	They slowed down and began to hover above it .
tr	I	When not running highly his successful business , Griffin is at one of this many homes on a plethora of planets . )
tr	O	Such a weighty decision and so little time ... CHAPTER SEVEN This was not good .
tr	O	This information jogged another in her mind , igniting it with new relevance .
tr	I	Upstairs I scrambling hear about .
tr	O	He 's making amends and seems happy .
tr	I	She feigned for offence a while and tempered justice with mercy .
tr	O	What was going on ?
tr	I	Once through the doors Grace the felt sting of tears .
tr	I	Forcing a big smile on my face , I papers signed , taxi receipts , and a couple of baseballs .
tr	I	He shook head his .
tr	O	Things at the office that didn 't make sense .
tr	O	Conway 's voice became louder .
tr	O	He cared nothing for the pilot , only for the plan .
tr	O	Madison had told him to expect an invitation to Stephan Andrade 's wedding .
tr	O	Sean presses his lips together .
tr	O	There were over a dozen vets listed , but most of them lived in Jacksonville , too far away to help .
tr	I	It 's too hot eat to a big meal three times a day .
tr	O	I was there for someone else .
tr	I	Someone 's day off , think I .
tr	O	How long would it be before some smart man claimed her as his own ?
tr	O	Rebekah starred at me for a moment and then started to get out of the car .
tr	O	Sean shifts me in his lap so we line up perfectly , and then pushes inside of me .
tr	O	How would she react to an entire room full of real ones ?
tr	O	It made me feel more relaxed , but the cook still laid there .
tr	I	He pulled away a after moment , his breath as slow and relaxed as mine .
tr	I	I 'll not have at them Church looking like this !
tr	O	I watched as we wound up a dark rock drive all the way to the towering house that settled so ominously within the cliff face .
tr	I	The cools water my throat .
tr	O	A muscle ticked in his jaw .
tr	O	He closes his eyes and I feel the energy flowing through not only my hands , but theirs as well .
tr	I	Now , though , the bracelet wasn 't such asset an .
tr	O	I gave my notice at the end of the school year .
tr	O	I sputtered and kicked to the top .
tr	O	They turned the lights off and left the lab , locking the door behind them .
tr	O	That source seemed to be running out , though .
tr	O	She had never talked to me like that when it came to Ethan .
tr	O	I 'd seen plenty of girls fall at his feet , but this was the first time I 'd seen him drool over one .
tr	I	But all through our we life keep developing , with certain key stages marking it off .
tr	I	She put out a hand to catch one her in palm .
tr	O	Okay , let me know .
tr	O	A housewife in Paris .
tr	I	I a finished little bit dramatically , but overall I thought it was a very diplomatic speech .
tr	I	He gave vague a nod , his curiosity somewhat satisfied by her reminder .
tr	I	He felt her her shift weight , felt them both teeter , and then they were tumbling into the pool beneath them .
tr	O	Before he had gotten four steps he heard a low throaty growl behind him and knew he was about to find out anyway .
tr	O	You 've been studying since the party .
tr	O	As my lips touch his chest , he scoops me up in his arms and his lips crush mine .
tr	O	Sam was still completely naked and her confession hadn 't exactly left her feeling warm and fuzzy .
tr	I	Andrew poked head his around it and looked at me .
tr	I	By elderly loving couples .
tr	I	's little a easier for me to see him as a boy and young man than as a dynamic businessman .
tr	O	I shook my head .
tr	I	Gavin didn reply 't .
tr	O	Nicole runs towards him .
tr	O	Perhaps I was not that surprised -- these were violent times we were living in .
tr	O	This is a cheery prospect .
tr	I	My only hope that is in the future , you will remember my devotion and forgiveness .
tr	I	She stood quickly , pivoted and her hid hand behind her back .
tr	O	The port township was a couple of dozen buildings near a series of long wood docks or stone jetties .
tr	I	Chapter Four Erik returned next the afternoon , as promised .
tr	I	I 'm not saying it the was moral thing to do .
tr	I	Joshua looked the at pile of files in front of him .
tr	O	And while Violet couldn 't hear them as profoundly as I did , I knew she could sense their presence as wel .
tr	I	They 'd dating been on and off for a while .
tr	I	She melted right then into a warm , gooey mess , like chocolate a in heated pan .
tr	O	At his bedroom door , she paused briefly , her feet stopping at the threshold , her eyes trained on the massive bed .
tr	O	Now you could see the set of the jaw and the strange yellow eyes .
tr	O	The sound made Sabrina squirm in anticipation .
tr	O	Someone was always building a new model or something .
tr	O	The bed was empty now , a paperback book sitting forgotten on my pillow .
tr	I	It was there on her palm when she closed hand her ; when she opened it , it was gone .
tr	O	For what it 's worth , I love you .
tr	I	I strike out with hand my , trying to channel Jetta 's awesome kung fu moves , but all I hit is air .
tr	O	The sheer pleasure he was giving me as his lips traveled down to my abdomen had awakened me again .
tr	O	What was that you were reading ?
tr	O	We are hugging the woods , concealed in a thick wedge of dark between two floodlights .
tr	O	A simple rock from the ground can be your best friend .
tr	I	' I have still control over my body . '
tr	O	As he walked through the building on his way to his office , everything appeared normal .
tr	O	The paramedics stood back their faces grim .
tr	O	I had to intervene !
tr	I	Ambient light the from distant work lamps next to the car provided just enough illumination by which to navigate the cluttered space .
tr	O	Mirabeau had been seventeen when her family had been killed , and Lucian had taken her to stay with his sister-in-law , Marguerite , afterward .
tr	O	We just blew off steam for a long time .
tr	I	I 'm the daughter a of plant expert .
tr	I	They just couldn 't chain her up in this box like a dead thing with no light no and life !
tr	O	Angela jerked back at his words .
tr	O	I 'm glad he did , but I can 't help but feel horrible for him .
tr	O	The very fortunate ones needed only to avoid the wine in the City of Books .
tr	O	He reached under his shirt with his right hand , and I remembered seeing the glint of something metallic earlier .
tr	I	I saw Haruki what felt .
tr	O	I must have fallen asleep while I was rocking Ryder .
tr	O	I feel like someone put their hands over my ears and I only just noticed it .
tr	I	How did let I it come to this ?
tr	O	I drank the water and became conscious of how plain and dry it was compared to what I had had a minute ago .
tr	O	But he 'd shown me that mercy was buried somewhere deep inside of me .
tr	O	I study the terrain ahead of time .
tr	O	Alexander leaned into me and gave me a long , luxurious good-night kiss .
tr	O	A moment later , a pair of boots hovered in the air .
tr	O	The rope hung free again .
tr	O	The vampire emerged with a young man .
tr	O	He sat toward the back , by the oversized bamboo shoots in a tall black floor vase .
tr	I	They thrived on intrigue romantic .
tr	O	Spices from last night 's dinners hung thick in the hot air , mingling with less pleasant smells .
tr	O	But he is also himself .
tr	I	Well one night your father found me drinking a bottle of wine alone in kitchen the .
tr	O	Hopefully , though , anyone watching for us would be checking the southern routes out of Paris .
tr	O	Too many women were slipping through the cracks .
tr	O	The paint on the door was burnt and bubbled , too .
tr	I	Immediately , the moved guards away from me .
tr	I	She could take it no longer and rushed forward , the pulling children with her .
tr	I	A cleaning crew would knock likely the sensor to the floor with a duster one day , where it would hopefully be swept away .
tr	O	Chancey had to help her with the lines that had carved deep , bloody grooves into his soaked , bloated skin .
tr	O	I smiled , trying to imagine my tiny , wrinkled , little grandma with white hair and knuckles swollen with arthritis as a seventeen-year-old girl .
tr	O	I am FINALLY past the god damned storm .
tr	O	Subsequent revelations would prove me wrong .
tr	O	This had become a pattern , too .
tr	O	I was often so bruised and battered by Robin 's ministrations that I could never find a comfortable way to lie .
tr	I	A line of cylinder containers on were the shelf , so small that she could fit at least 10 in her hand .
tr	I	My feels side a little stiff , but not bad .
tr	O	Lil would probably love Sawyer for clocking Will .
tr	O	And she turned away from him .
tr	I	I mean , only a freak would over cry shifting plates .
tr	I	The vehicle stopped , the and passenger door opened .
tr	O	Zev 's body lay sprawled over Arno .
tr	O	I hated that it felt like more to me .
tr	O	It was a strange detail but her mind was desperate for distraction .
tr	I	He still sat on ground the .
tr	I	That perhaps becoming the Slut Who Killed the Star was Quarterback making it difficult to focus on her studies .
tr	I	I found facing myself off against five large men .
tr	O	Now would be a good time for the brakes ... I thought they had him and the cops probably thought they had him .
tr	O	But these men , Breeze himself included , were accustomed to success .
tr	O	Well , that told him .
tr	I	Her heart swelled until she thought might it burst .
tr	I	Several of them had their cameras out and they were putting their hands on Nicola to her get to pose for pictures with them .
tr	O	Kelly took a deep breath .
tr	I	Maybe he won 't me see .
tr	O	Except for the opportunity to attend a swanky Gold Coast party , she thought , which she 'd never done before and doubtless never would again .
tr	I	He earns respect my just that quickly .
tr	O	That probably had to be one of my most bizarre conversations , and that was saying something .
tr	O	How could he not come back ?
tr	O	Kate answered with a wicked smile as we joined the line of people waiting outside a dark bar with silver letters glowing in the window .
tr	I	Sheen busy was flipping bacon , eggs , pancakes , and basically every breakfast food imaginable .
tr	I	Though Rafe often called home , he cherished his visits with family his .
tr	O	' Industry analysts have not been able to agree a single logical explanation for the company 's swift change of fortune .
tr	O	He was looking at Lewis - the one of them who looked youngest .
tr	I	She rode to the Orbiter on the shoulders of the engines greatest built by humankind .
tr	I	Mikhail 's body refused obey to .
tr	O	What where any of them thinking ?
tr	O	No way in hell she 'd make him .
tr	O	She believed in Kenny ; she believed in Gabe , too .
tr	I	In one I corridor came upon a group of three residents .
tr	I	Down the hill they at rode a full run .
tr	O	Natalie would be joining him on December twenty-seventh , but he wished she could 've rearranged her schedule to travel with him .
tr	I	His finger played around slick my area as he gasped .
tr	O	Someone whose applause was not at all sincere .
tr	O	If you were out , then you could help me , you could do good ; there 's nothing you can do from inside .
tr	I	I was glad ; I 't didn want him to .
tr	O	Jake sighs wearily and rubs his forehead as though he has a headache .
tr	O	Everything about the body language of both women implied that there was nothing unusual to or unexpected by them in the information which Ashley had relayed .
tr	I	Of you course are .
tr	I	My eyes wide went .
tr	O	while striding down the hall was the wrong way to handle this , but that 's what I did .
tr	O	I glanced around the cavern , but everything was the same as before .
tr	I	I can get away with goofing you on .
tr	O	She then stuck the handle back into the block to show nothing amiss .
tr	O	He raises his hand to give him the finger from over his shoulder .
tr	O	Rock would also come get me and drag me there by my hair if he thought I was going to let his boy down .
tr	O	Then she shook her head and when she spoke her voice was tinged with hurt .
tr	I	Nobody was the in apartment .
tr	I	I 't wasn like this .
tr	O	He and Alexa had been doing plenty of betraying for all of us .
tr	I	But even if her would father allow it , she couldn 't go back to the Stillwater police force .
tr	I	She probably 's out there pulling up markers even as we speak .
tr	O	Belinda never had any siblings .
tr	I	I hope he is excited as about the news as we are to tell him .
tr	I	Those who were closest to Dreamer or looking at giant the screen could see or hear exactly what she was saying .
tr	I	On one side , a table sat along the curved wall , bottles of potions resting its on surface .
tr	I	Now it was all starting to really get complicated .
tr	O	But she shook her head .
tr	O	And with terrible force their curled horns struck me and knocked me flat and their hoofs trampled me .
tr	O	She hardly heard them , her thoughts still reeling from the mind meld .
tr	O	Not unless you just want a dog to hang out with .
tr	I	They 'd gone through hard times before : Kate , her mother , and her little Blaine brother when he still lived with them .
tr	O	I turned on her again and somehow managed to jam it back into her hand .
tr	I	I didn mind 't .
tr	I	I finally realized that I might be able to fight but back the cost was high .
tr	I	Pope bowed his head and the shadows formed his over eyes again .
tr	O	Grandma and Grandpa knew almost none of the story .
tr	O	However , throwing himself into the strike Mal had been forced to drop his defenses for a moment .
tr	I	She enjoyed the cool , sometimes effect drying of the morning sun and breeze .
tr	O	The compulsion to locate the owner of the golden earring had brought Jonas a couple of thousand miles from a Mexican waterfront bar to Sequence Springs .
tr	O	Through his watering eyes , he 'd been trying to get a good look at me too .
tr	O	That is the very camera that took the picture of Muhammad Ali standing over Sonny Liston .
tr	O	Somewhere in the back of her mind , she could not believe the attack was really happening .
tr	I	Jake moved toward Christopher 's desk , his clenched jaw tightly .
tr	O	The tallest buildings were 3 stories high .
tr	O	The men get up , and the biggest one walks toward us .
tr	O	Waves and smiles greeted her from the various tables as she made her way through to the head table .
tr	I	Brenda headed that in direction , the music filling her head before she entered the parking lot .
tr	O	I went to bed and was awakened with an intense pain all through my torso .
tr	I	There was no reason for her be to jealous or angry .
tr	O	They could spend hours in the same room without uttering a single word .
tr	O	Her eyes were her one vanity and she knew the dark blue velvet of the dress made them seem all the more blue .
tr	O	I can do anything with them that I like .
tr	I	She wore nothing but the Black Jewel her around neck .
tr	O	That was the message .
tr	I	Maybe even slide her hand into his pants and stroke awake him .
tr	O	Raven couldn 't tell his boss that part .
tr	I	We all 're uncomfortable .
tr	I	Just as 'm I crossing the foyer , the doorbell rings .
tr	O	I didn 't want to have to answer them .
tr	I	Unlike the others , this time pulled he his car into the fitness center parking lot .
tr	I	He the shut door behind him .
tr	O	His eyes had drifted away from Simon , and he was watching Alec , who appeared to be battling a Swiffer .
tr	I	I will have outfits similar tailored .
tr	O	He re-read the balcony scene marked by an orange sticky note from their last study session .
tr	O	Brandon had just taken a bite of his wife 's bagel but he spoke around it .
tr	O	The lights above her head blinked on , making her wince away from the sudden glow .
tr	O	Brock did not even pay the comment a moment 's mind .
tr	O	Almost twenty-three , and it felt strange to try to minimize his age , rather than stretch it .
tr	O	She wound her way down the stairwell , trailing her petite hands down the golden railing .
tr	O	Mathew sat in front of his computer .
tr	O	Even Sydney looked a little uneasy , however , when Trey lay facedown on a bench so that Wolfe could get to his shoulder with the needle .
tr	O	Grace seemed to relax at that .
tr	O	He brushed a lock of red hair from Bret 's eyes .
tr	O	I really mean it .
tr	O	He wears it on a chain around his neck .
tr	O	Former friends pushed and shoved their way through the crowd , charging towards whatever safety they could find , like a horde of rampant animals .
tr	O	Ralph had said he thought he saw them carrying a body .
tr	O	When the cold air hits my warm bottom , I think I might die .
tr	O	Her dark poet didn 't like questions .
tr	O	This would have been the location of his surrogate .
tr	O	Whatever he had done to me !
tr	O	With one blow , she thought , he could crack my skull in half .
tr	O	I instantly think the interrogation room , the one I was in when Janelle questioned me .
tr	I	By the time other the boat is ten miles away , you should be able to tell whether it is going to miss you .
tr	O	My gaze went to Charlie .
tr	O	Disappointment should be my middle name .
tr	O	You are categorically denied permission to harm Blake or his son .
tr	O	I thought about my dad 's advice for a while before I turned back to him and smiled .
tr	O	So much had happened in such a short period of time .
tr	O	His name the payee .
tr	O	She had plenty to keep her occupied .
tr	I	She may not know what it meant , but she was sure would Cass .
tr	O	Mom is probably tapping her toes against the cold tiled floor , glancing at her watch , and searching the halls for me .
tr	O	Not like I did .
tr	O	Sunlight from not one but seven glowing masses above .
tr	O	It is currently released as a short story or perhaps a short novel but may someday be further developed into a full length novel or series .
tr	I	Lukas didn 't know where it led , did nor he bother to ask .
tr	O	I rise with the sun and sleep when I 'm tired .
tr	O	I tossed him the keys and waited at the passenger door .
tr	I	Raven could feel the weight Mikhail of 's displeasure pressing down on her .
tr	I	From the buzzing beneath my skin to the in ache my gut .
tr	O	So , I just showed up there one evening .
tr	O	I want to throw a pillow at Rob 's face but I know it won 't do much damage .
tr	O	She was not a sure bet , and I think the challenge of that made her even more desirable .
tr	O	So I stand still and watch him .
tr	O	The bathroom was in-between the two small rooms and the door was shut .
tr	I	He smiled and nodded me at .
tr	I	Text me when the and where and I 'll be there .
tr	I	She had no idea what was passing through his head at second that .
tr	O	Emily bit a fingernail .
tr	O	It wasn 't real , and that was A-OK .
tr	I	She froze , unable even to breathe .
tr	O	I really shouldn 't have done this if I was trying to be ladylike .
tr	O	We 'll take a few days to situate ourselves , but then we got ta begin operations again .
tr	I	Nick , through Hang Ten , was the benefactor around for seventy percent of their operating expenses .
tr	I	Kyle quickly thought it about .
tr	O	We ripped at each other 's clothes and went at it like two hormonal kids finally giving in to crazed lust .
tr	O	It 's the only truthful kind of intimacy I could ever have with them .
tr	O	Martin ; I guess that will have to be tomorrow afternoon .
tr	O	The ledge under her feet merely took some of the weight from her arms .
tr	I	And yet , deep down , hadn 't suspected she that very thing ?
tr	O	One morning I awoke to find him gone .
tr	O	Not with her father 's throat caught fast in Hunter 's grip .
tr	O	But he was losing his distance , his separateness to her power over him , to the sight of his name emblazoned all over her body .
tr	I	After a few and twists turns through the brush and into a small meadow , Jack yelled for us to stop .
tr	O	I hope you enjoy these stories , these small slices of my life .
tr	I	She had no idea if direction even meant anything here , or at least useful anything .
tr	O	I thought we were going to go across the river .
tr	O	Things were headed in a very grave direction indeed .
tr	O	The team directed their flashlights in the direction of the breathing , to reveal the naked body of a large muscular man on the ground .
tr	O	She didn 't waste time , however , in over-thinking what was going on .
tr	O	Flores punched her twice in the face .
tr	O	He was dark-haired with the natural good looks and elegance of all elves .
tr	O	she asks , turning away from me .
tr	O	This beautiful man , this immortal vampire was my other half , the missing puzzle piece that finally completed me .
tr	O	Bruce gingerly held her hand and placed his other around her waist .
tr	O	I felt him more than saw him , since my eyes were closed .
tr	O	But its truth screamed in my ear .
tr	I	Nick her grabbed hand .
tr	I	My heart stopped beating fast started and thumping faster .
tr	O	One in the front .
tr	O	Was it worth the risk ?
tr	O	The knight chuckled , his hands massaging muscles on her shoulder .
tr	I	The group up looked and each one in turn began giving a series of excuses .
tr	O	The loved these new commands .
tr	O	I glanced over my shoulder and the man with no name watched me , holding a finger over his lips .
tr	I	Phoenix pushed us between .
tr	I	I into ducked Meir 's arm .
tr	O	I 'd known love and safety .
tr	I	After a the moment rage drained a fraction .
tr	I	Up that until moment , it hadn 't occurred to her that she would do anything but wait to hear from the police .
tr	O	Maybe she was keeping something like that from me .
tr	I	She led him through the tiny house which seemed to have more hallways and corners than imaginable for a such small square place .
tr	I	The men looked away saying without anything in return .
tr	O	She 'd had no idea how much she liked to travel , not understanding her father 's insistence that it was too much trouble .
tr	O	They had a rental waiting outside for us and I caught up with them after checking out of my room .
tr	O	The faster she moved the closer I got .
tr	O	She raised an eyebrow .
tr	I	The last thing they needed General was Sullivan micromanaging the hell out of every move .
tr	I	Chapter Nineteen simpler Deciding was better , I dipped my key card in the reader and slipped into the room in order to offer my apology .
tr	O	What if I fly down there and we both realize that our time is over ?
tr	O	I looked down at my watch .
tr	I	Another creature 's inside heart of me .
tr	O	No , she 'd never experienced love .
tr	I	He searched each cobblestone carefully for a trace of blood that marked the of trail the beautiful girl who had stopped his misbegotten proposal .
tr	I	I couldn 't get it in the suitcase because the of shoes .
tr	I	She stared at from him behind strands of wild , white hair .
tr	O	He gapes at me like I 've lost my mind .
tr	I	He started pacing the center the of room .
tr	O	I demand , still reeling from Savannah 's confession .
tr	I	Frank Maggie and were given permission to enter the room .
tr	O	And he knew as well that there was nothing he could do to clarify things for Simon , or to mollify him , or to reassure him .
tr	O	Before he could answer , I scrambled up from the couch and lurched my way up the stairs .
tr	O	They had come in response to reports of a crowd in the street .
tr	I	When speaks he , his voice is soft .
tr	O	And someone should probably sit with Uriah ... make sure that doctor doesn 't go back on his word .
tr	I	Susan paused , her blew nose and turned to face Lindy .
tr	I	But anyway , none of you anything have to worry about .
tr	I	With a sigh flipped Magnus his sleeve back and reached a hand out to Clary .
tr	I	Titus hopped down from his eagle and the rest of their party -- twelve Warrior in Fae all -- followed suit .
tr	I	To make overtures such toward Eve was one thing .
tr	I	I won 't strap a tie around your neck , but you need to the dress part .
tr	I	Rosie went to the refrigerator and came with back a bottle of water .
tr	I	The merchants in the nearby camp had hurried to escape , their packing things and whipping their horses to set off as soon as they could .
tr	I	She also was leaning heavily on one hip , which was another bad sign .
tr	I	You know , wait each on other .
tr	I	With me , every time 're we together you have to fight between desires to kill me and kiss me .
tr	I	Yolanda 's involved in a romance budding with sophisticated British tea baron , Nigel Garvey .
tr	I	His hair had just started back growing .
tr	I	Fourteen people on a small boat she and was lonely .
tr	I	I can 't take Ria to doctor a , either .
tr	I	Honestly , Rourke had for fallen that ?
tr	O	I can 't imagine why Josh did what he did .
tr	O	This is really important , so you 're on balance and not fighting with it the whole time .
tr	I	Her face was still white her and hands shook .
tr	I	As on Gotland they could small see settlements , set back a bit from the beaches surrounded by farmland .
tr	O	The one condition that would slow me down .
tr	O	Gunner looked back and surprised us all ... again .
tr	O	Doubtful , given the state of her yard , but I couldn 't think of another explanation .
tr	O	As his star rises , Danny finds himself working longer and longer hours .
tr	O	And again and again .
tr	I	A lot of kids our age to like sneak drinks and party , but I don 't like the taste of beer or wine .
tr	O	It was not that kind of neighborhood .
tr	I	In this city , if you got tired of car your you just junked it on the nearest embankment .
tr	O	I might as well tell the truth .
tr	I	' One of five or or six really ... in sector any ... ' ' WorldWide ... Ally ?
tr	O	Any good gossip from last night ?
tr	O	He raised the pistol and squeezed off a shot .
tr	O	They think their shit don 't stink in that town .
tr	O	Hugh cursed and nailed the gas .
tr	I	Why a move dead body ?
tr	O	' Where are you going ? '
tr	I	There were no windows down here , since this level was underground , but plenty of overhead lights to away turn the gloom .
tr	I	She his gripped shoulders to raise herself up .
tr	I	If I opened my mouth to speak , I knew the only thing that would come out would be 's Alastor name over and over .
tr	O	His eyes glinted with amusement .
tr	I	He spat the words an like accusation .
tr	I	You were coming to her get .
tr	O	Genie celebrated while clapping and jumping out of joy .
tr	O	He immediately recognized it as a vintage military pilot 's jacket .
tr	O	The blonde scanned the room , her eyes going right through Franz as if he didn 't exist .
tr	I	Brandi 's dad narrows his at eyes me .
tr	O	Once the palace is in my hands , I will send a messenger with further orders .
tr	I	You 're right on pace with where I you thought 'd be .
tr	I	I see how vivid brilliant and they are to you .
tr	I	Shai slapped at Zev 's hands as ran tears down her cheeks .
tr	O	As the rotors slowed down , a man stepped down from the pilot 's side .
tr	I	A chill swept down Edward spine 's , in spite of the intense heat .
tr	O	I shrug out of Andrew 's embrace , but immediately fall forward .
tr	I	Then there was a giant wall of broken trees down .
tr	O	Cain was close now , the beam of his flashlight brighter , more blinding .
tr	I	He was squeezing the other breast , pinching the nipple between finger his and thumb .
tr	I	My shoes were something I had thought I would need once I escaped but now had I a better use for them .
tr	O	Rick swiveled his pistol in what felt like slow motion and fired .
tr	I	That still left a lot survivors of .
tr	O	I have the right !
tr	O	And Dad loves treating Mom like a princess .
tr	O	Then he changed the subject , because that one was too depressing .
tr	O	My hand slips into my pocket .
tr	O	Even though she was grateful that the abbey had taken her in without question , she couldn 't risk revealing who she really was .
tr	O	The machine started expelling a long ribbon of tickets , which joined other strips of tickets coiled at his feet .
tr	O	Grant was extremely particular about his T-shirts , which had to be folded just so .
tr	O	The gold gleamed prettily against the blue of the scrubs .
tr	O	My eyes traveled up and down her body as I took in the jean shorts , cowboy boots and pink T-shirt .
tr	O	She opened the door , therefore , with due care .
tr	I	Darcy shrugged and glanced down at brood the .
tr	I	She sighed my at response .
tr	O	When I landed on that unyielding surface , the impact broke me apart .
tr	I	Pain splintered Eve through 's eyes .
tr	I	But Marco really didn 't hold back once he working was on a project she 'd realized over the past few weeks .
tr	O	I asked lightly , wondering how any of them could possibly have known me .
tr	O	Rose felt the memory link reestablish but quickly severed communication with her older self .
tr	I	It had taken her long enough to believe it , damn but it , she did .
tr	O	Daniel opens the photo album on his lap .
tr	I	For example , this morning it up picked a man wandering around the gardens in a strange , circular pattern .
tr	O	I can put out a bowl of water for your piggy .
tr	I	She turned back her to him and stared out over the lake , wrapping her arms around herself .
tr	O	She nodded , her breath catching .
tr	O	Her moon face was tinged green , pallor so profound I thought she might be in shock .
tr	O	He pressed some buttons on a radio in the helicopter labeled Med 1 .
tr	I	He turned and away trudged , back through the rain to Beth .
tr	I	A of look sudden realization crossed his face , followed by a withdrawal into deep thought .
tr	O	He thought about the Maddox 's and their stupid life with vacation homes .
tr	O	No one likes to tell lies .
tr	I	We put on our suits and down went to the main area .
tr	O	There is no love in my heart for it anymore .
tr	O	McGill nodded his head .
tr	I	Like the others , Brendan had drunk much too and was still asleep .
tr	O	Riki puffed , collapsing onto a step near Mana .
tr	I	Encouraged that Eve seemed to bending be , Cheyenne hurried to reassure her .
tr	O	It wrenches my heart and gives me hope .
tr	O	Michaels grimaced and returned his glare to the servant , who stood staring off into nothing with his mouth hanging open .
tr	I	he with cried relief .
tr	I	She picked one up her in arms .
tr	I	The Taliban had made her afraid , they but hadn 't changed her .
tr	I	At least seven times in a distinct separate and year .
tr	O	The air around me had grown hot and stale and red was the color that filled my vision .
tr	I	The mouthwatering scent of food and feeling the of Graham twined together , one layering over the other .
tr	O	I started walking back down the long hallway that we had just raced down .
tr	I	You cannot us release .
tr	I	He even shifted in his chair , looking like he was some sort of king about to bestow a favor upon one of subjects his .
tr	O	The public turnout was staggering .
tr	O	I could not believe how strong I had become .
tr	O	Now she had more control , and he knew she wasn 't afraid to use it .
tr	O	She tossed the empty bottle and got herself another one .
tr	O	That 's why I usually wear gloves .
tr	I	He stomped off in what I was presumed the direction of the car .
tr	O	All of the buildings matched , built in an elegant dark brown wood in a modern log cabin style , with huge reflective windows .
tr	O	I beat my fists on the steering wheel realizing that driving Cameron 's car had left me vulnerable to her father 's wrath .
tr	O	Colin offered Scarlett her opening , not taking his eyes from Sibyl .
tr	O	I can sense it , even through the fire .
tr	I	It wasn 't human all at .
tr	O	Paging through he came across Protection , reading on he found page after page of how to protect your self from all things evil .
tr	I	Only the gunfire didn come 't from the weapons that the Executioner 's men held .
tr	O	Rand set his water on the table between them and rose .
tr	O	They were searching the wagon with bayonets .
tr	O	There he was , wearing khakis and a green T-shirt , his jaw covered in thick blond stubble .
tr	O	He closed his eyes and let her touch him , savoring every moment .
tr	O	The school administrator 's voice came over the loudspeaker .
tr	I	Find ignition the wire .
tr	I	St. Denis knew this was a great honor a and very good sign .
tr	I	He would have known her instantly he if could have seen her eyes .
tr	O	The indicator light on the door 's electronic lock switched to green and the latch released .
tr	O	Someone that one day pulled out a gun from the hat and started shooting .
tr	I	She found herself just seconds debating earlier what to do .
tr	O	His mouth dropped open .
tr	I	Eventually , that same alerted sense him that someone was approaching .
tr	O	Couples quickly paired up all around Lori as she stood and watched the mother and daughter walk away with a longing that frankly stunned her .
tr	I	Maybe everyone else was as bored of the debate as I was : they all eager seem to get out and just do something .
tr	O	Just the idea of something happening to her nearly crushes the air out of my chest .
tr	I	My very brother concerned picked me up and carried me to the bedroom .
tr	I	You 'll the learn secrets of their sins .
tr	O	She held it out to me , her eyes narrowed to charcoal slits .
tr	I	Her dazed gaze rose to the mirror , the of reflection their nak * d , joined bodies in vivid detail .
tr	O	She scratched Stein 's ears and chin .
tr	O	That bright light doesn 't appear all at once like flicking a switch , but spreads out along the walls , like the tide climbing a beach .
tr	I	And whatever was it , good or bad , I was dying to hear it .
tr	I	In unison , Jason and in everyone the room delivers a stiff salute .
tr	O	He caught hold of my hand .
tr	I	As stood it now , the bloodline was diluted to near non-existence .
tr	O	You slept with Kian while my mother was still alive .
tr	O	Instead , she was able to see him better from this distance , which gave him a completely unfair advantage .
tr	I	I actually felt comfortable with Nick , I when wasn 't trying to impress him .
tr	O	Care to tell me who it is ?
tr	I	My imagination racing was when something else occurred to me .
tr	O	I will do it myself so that I can verify to you that I am one genuine man .
tr	I	In my absence , I expect that you will yourself behave and remain indoors .
tr	O	Two seconds from losing my virginity .
tr	O	The knockout figure , the shy glances , the soft blushes ... yes , he could see how this temptress could seduce a room full of people .
tr	I	And we have two men , John Paul and Martin , behaving in a manner totally of out character for either one of them .
tr	O	The room was empty .
tr	O	He 'd swallowed his anger and agreed to meet the chief .
tr	O	This time , dressed in Cousin Jerry 's civilian clothes , customs and police officials asked for his identification at every turn .
tr	I	The was toilet empty .
tr	I	Carl looked toward the shallow river flowing beside the road and grinned at the cleverness of new his words to an old song .
tr	O	He held it out , but attached to the back of the cup was an envelope .
tr	O	I 'd never felt so uncomfortable with him .
tr	O	He sucked in a deep breath , inhaled her scent and nearly came in his pants right there .
tr	I	Jared walked across the room , stopping in middle the .
tr	O	And he didn 't even come to me to ask me about it .
tr	I	there are only those love we .
tr	I	Oh my soul , was Seth attacked !
tr	O	Any notice could imperil her safe existence within an unsafe Regime .
tr	I	Barack would direct the staff hospital away from the room while she worked .
tr	O	When had that happened ?
tr	I	The two girls kissed , his member between hard them .
tr	I	Within a few days Gus received a fax from Land Investment Ltd. , asking about his client 's concerning intentions buying the land .
tr	O	I suddenly feel very awkward .
tr	O	Wondering what 's going to happen when your time is up .
tr	O	he asked with an air of innocence , signifying he had no clue how gorgeous he was .
tr	I	Kat her shook head .
tr	I	Gray stepped over the to only other feature in the room .
tr	O	I found Aisling lying down on the couch .
tr	O	I shook my head .
tr	I	Because one surefire way to kill vamp a ?
tr	I	She was nothing short of a woman , even if didn I 't want her to be , and I found myself attracted to her .
tr	I	She moved to turn on the television set , no doubt sit to back and watch an old TV show .
tr	O	Anna was under the impression that Zeke and I had a secret relationship .
tr	I	Lexi looked down her at daughter , feeling loss yawn inside of her .
tr	O	I have no reason to think that or anything .
tr	I	Her eyes sear pain in from the force of her endless descent .
tr	I	I blinked at him , surprised that he kept a such variety of beverages on hand .
tr	O	She stood wearing a deep blue satin gown , her braided blonde hair cascading down her shoulders .
tr	O	Rearing up he covered her body on his bed .
tr	I	We hope you can give us a name to accompany face the .
tr	O	You 're going to take it from me ?
tr	I	His face was strained he as rolled , placing her beneath him .
tr	I	He barely it noticed anymore .
tr	O	Peter said nothing as Alexander rose to his feet and began to pace around Peter 's chair .
tr	I	She to turned me and gasped again .
tr	O	I knew that Nick was somewhere in the house , so I took the cookies and cupcakes I made him downstairs .
tr	I	Terrell yells with his hands his above head .
tr	O	His business was growing .
tr	I	David in chuckled disbelief .
tr	O	The man sat patiently with his hands folded on the table , a light smile on his lips , pleasant .
tr	O	They would be able to help Rachel , but if he went in there in all his furious glory , it would only make the situation worse .
tr	O	I do believe he 's making the situation worse .
tr	I	That responsibility would serve as double duty to soothe Jared nerves 's .
tr	I	I can 't get that damn out tip of my head .
tr	O	Lissa had an idea .
tr	O	Austin looked up from his iPad .
tr	O	I don 't know where I am .
tr	I	He threw his leg over the 's horse back .
tr	I	The next position allows the user open to it for full contact as it is used under the pool .
tr	O	God , since when did being drunk once in my life constitute a drinking problem .
tr	O	The following morning , Mary got up early , even though she 'd sat up late trying to devise a plan by which to help her uncle .
tr	O	I could also feel his heartbeat increase and he sighed softly as he pulled me tighter to him .
tr	O	' Do you remember what you said to her ? '
tr	I	As Thomas 's mouth over came Anna 's breast , she finally found some more air to breathe .
tr	O	Alan shook his head .
tr	O	He smiled at her .
tr	I	Della and Kylie asked at same the time .
tr	O	These women were terrified .
tr	I	I shall take place your !
tr	O	And my old gray sneakers , because they were my quietest shoes .
tr	I	We need talk to .
tr	I	Taylor screamed and tried to climb out of the inferno , but I held back him with one foot .
tr	I	She pounded down three steps she before stopped and peered back through the iron railings at the accident scene .
tr	I	Of course , nothing in is life static , and as time wore on , those sweater vests developed into full-blown sweaters .
tr	O	Everything stilled inside her .
tr	I	Ion stared him at .
tr	I	Ever he since 'd left her alone in her bed .
tr	O	They made room for the flight of their wounded commander in chief ; some even added to the body shield to protect the fallen president .
tr	I	He toward looked Hera and shook his head .
tr	I	Betsy 's high tone pitched had not dissipated .
tr	O	' But you said that the Guards would find me anyway . '
tr	O	She kissed the top of Maddie 's head and sat back on her haunches with her eyes closed .
tr	I	For once , the landscape didn seem 't spoiled .
tr	I	My left hand is curled in on itself , and I concentrate on sensation the of my fingernails digging into my palm .
tr	I	All I could see was blinding the yellow rays of light that gave me an instant pounding headache .
tr	O	She is brave ; he thought ; but she has to learn .
tr	I	They were standing in front the of lift .
tr	O	She answered with a soft moan of agreement as they both fell asleep .
tr	O	Sally instinctively leaned forward to see his face , wanting to identify the problem .
tr	I	It didn 't nearly happen as often as one thought .
tr	O	The problem is : How am I supposed to concentrate in the meantime ?
tr	O	Danny obeyed and she climbed in beside him and told the driver where they needed to be .
tr	O	I was wil ing to bet Logan 's secret wasn 't nearly as horrible as that , but nothing I 'd said had convinced him otherwise .
tr	I	I so to wanted go to that prom with you .
tr	I	I do could that .
tr	O	Then it saw the karate woman leap into view .
tr	O	He leaned close as well .
tr	O	Layla watched as he set a rudimentary place setting for her at a small round table by the window .
tr	O	She grabbed my head and tried to dunk me .
tr	O	Cullen lay with his eyes closed , but his hand was moving slowly across the comforter to find her fingers .
tr	O	Shelby 's eyes keep reading the phrase over and over , mouthing the words silently .
tr	I	Worse - that in order to I live kind of had to breathe .
tr	I	The two girls melted once at - even Meredith sniffled .
tr	I	We all ate dinner together and then a watched little television .
tr	O	After all , she had been the one that started everything .
tr	O	I know I can count on you to take care of my people and to guard the Orb . '
tr	I	A force of horsemen rode up to us from the right , surrounded us , and dismounted all .
tr	I	So walked Carter in the dark , and ran when he thought he heard something among the bones underfoot .
tr	I	She needed to somewhere go crowded .
tr	O	The police were there , everything was going to be okay !
tr	O	That wasn 't going to happen .
tr	O	My face wasn 't what attracted Marco .
tr	I	I opened my eyes , and a of burst flames sprang up outside the circle .
tr	O	He covered her hand with his large one .
tr	I	He related the episode the of gallantry of Cousins .
tr	O	He slid it on quickly , seeing the confusion enter her lovely eyes that , only a moment ago , had been begging him to keep going .
tr	I	I tip my head back to take a swig , the sweet burning liquid coating instantly my mouth and I feel twenty times better .
tr	I	He sounded like more he had grown up in Birmingham .
tr	O	Doug Warwick met them at the door .
tr	O	There 's nobody to shoot or to talk out of suicide .
tr	O	As she picked her way to the bedroom door , the hardwood floors creaked and groaned despite her best efforts at a stealthy exit .
tr	O	I didn 't want to leave him ... but I also knew this was the selfish piece of me that I couldn 't seem to bury .
tr	O	She gave a little laugh .
tr	O	I step behind my neighbor .
tr	I	She really didn 't want to know the ugly , gory details of the war that raged on Erik between and herself .
tr	I	The three of walked them across the campus .
tr	I	So it cut out .
tr	I	Peggy sat down on the ottoman with her children gathered her around like a small herd of lambs .
tr	O	We were walking too slowly even though we were swaying the bridge as we went , and we needed to speed up .
tr	I	I can live with an evil that was inside myself , perhaps because was I able to repent .
tr	O	It was the first time I 'd let my anger completely consume me .
tr	O	She 's at least three inches taller .
tr	I	He immediately tried to move his hand the up inside of my thigh .
tr	O	I couldn 't wait to wear it !
tr	I	When her phone rang just lunch before , she looked down and smiled .
tr	I	Not until we 've gotten to each know other better .
tr	I	The darkness couldn 't have real been .
tr	O	It was Seward , the team leader of that squad .
tr	I	I 'll bet they 'll be sorry did they that .
tr	O	And so embarrassed again .
tr	I	It the was only chance I had .
tr	I	She prayed that was it just in time .
tr	I	She a was demon .
tr	O	I snapped out of it .
tr	I	She would drive home as soon as she was finished , no matter how it late was .
tr	O	Silently reminding me that I wasn 't alone .
tr	O	She concentrated on her fries , drawing circles on her wrapper with a golden tip .
tr	O	Her dad would hear it if he walked past the door .
tr	I	We can establish guild a there before returning to Venice . '
tr	I	The baby shouldn 't have been a surprise to either of them , Lorraine but had been stunned at the news .
tr	O	I can 't believe you 're turning all this into my fault now .
tr	I	As I told you earlier , the time went he up the mountain , I was there for three days straight .
tr	O	I stiffened , resisting the urge to send Patch a plea for help .
tr	I	She listened to it dully , all her anger running out of her like air draining of out a balloon .
tr	O	But first there 's something I have to do .
tr	I	Felines , apparently , didn 't themselves consider vampire prey .
tr	I	He pulled me again back , resting my head against his chest and stroking my hair .
tr	O	I show her , for instance , the one with the glass of milk .
tr	I	She was expecting Luisa to try to end what was left of Lea , but it 't didn happen .
tr	O	The little town sat at the foot of a mountain which rose to nearly 10,000 feet .
tr	I	I you credited for my future as King .
tr	O	I wondered how thin these walls were .
tr	I	As if Bobby still was just his neighbor and best friend , not a convicted murderer .
tr	I	I could already feel wet how I was , so wet that I was dripping .
tr	I	He wrapped his arms her around body , holding her tight against him so she couldn 't move .
tr	I	Reaching brow the of the hill the foursome lay on their chests to crawl the final few feet .
tr	O	She then swept up the wilted flowers she had picked and stood looking helplessly around for someplace to dispose of them .
tr	O	Matching red flip-flops completed the outrageous outfit .
tr	I	Kathy followed his eyes and witnessed something happening odd .
tr	I	For a minute I get distracted because the last red LED light starts blinking faster , but I get my off mind that pretty quick .
tr	I	I reluctantly dropped my and hand stood up .
tr	I	The of elation having him back .
tr	I	At first , I she assumed was busy .
tr	I	They had sent scouts to for probe weaknesses .
tr	O	We 're both in agreement on that .
tr	O	She couldn 't say the same for his accomplices though .
tr	O	Christina smiles a little at me .
tr	O	Erica tried to quickly count at least the visible bags so she could estimate how many there were in total , but they were too packed in .
tr	O	There had been picnics on the beach and lazy swings in the hammock .
tr	I	Totally exciting stuff , I can almost hear God laughingly say my inside mind .
tr	O	No missing the heat in his green stare .
tr	I	I 'm the in tub .
tr	I	She wanted still him .
tr	I	I never knew even anything was wrong .
tr	I	How long this is tunnel ?
tr	O	Learning more , with every meal , about the woman she 'd become .
tr	O	The stunts in them were incredible .
tr	O	Poking his head through the gap , he was surprised to find the inside of trailer devoid of boxes .
tr	O	He opened the passenger door , and brushed the broken glass from the seat , and then repeated the process on his side .
tr	I	Unless you like it there ... I mean , it 's not to my taste , but it does rather the match black hardware in there .
tr	O	There 's not a chance you 're going to get out of the country .
tr	I	His father blood 's .
tr	O	Even on the most optimistic of nights , I had to settle with the pleasures a night could bring me .
tr	I	Instantly a pressure released from the air and light returned where it had been absent , allowing the room to expand to back a previous size .
tr	I	It 'll be a great , safe place to live for while a .
tr	O	At that moment Dad entered the room .
tr	O	I know this , to my core .
tr	I	I 'm sure 's there nothing you can say that would change my mind as far as that 's concerned .
tr	I	She is allowing herself to fall to the Earth in a final act to end suffering her .
tr	I	He was so worried about you and your sister , but at the same he time was so proud of you .
tr	O	Shut the yap , Baker .
tr	O	He opened his mouth , and the middle of his chest began to glow a bright red , as well as the rim of his mouth .
tr	O	He looked up at me .
tr	O	To live with what had happened .
tr	O	We pulled into a decent-sized travel area and I immediately reached for the door handle .
tr	I	It was a le lit chilly , but it was also kind of fun .
tr	I	The summer of 1999 was once again spent with Aunt Bertie in Cedar Hill before attending Cedar Hill School Middle in the fall .
tr	I	Julian was mostly invisible and at first as Sebastian moved to Warsaw he arranged a and get-together in this way , they met each other personally .
tr	I	The border with the Axis had regime not changed in several years .
tr	O	he demanded , his voice harsher than he intended .
tr	I	So all this time , they 've been playing trial and with error me , experimenting with different methods to try and bring my powers under control .
tr	O	The next day my depression was worse .
tr	O	The Cylons poured forth across the ocean in unending numbers .
tr	I	Aria swiveled and around looked at Klaudia .
tr	O	We have nothing in common .
tr	O	T is safe to say Helen will be the one to take us all home when the time comes .
tr	O	He kissed her again and this time she kissed him back .
tr	O	Sarah had mixed feelings about the news , glad that her family was safe but distressed about her own future .
tr	O	Panting , I started to sit up and follow him .
tr	O	I took advantage of having a captive , silent audience and unburdened myself .
tr	O	' They 're scared , ' he said , now shivering too .
tr	I	Cologne turned to the face girls .
tr	I	Another plus about being dead , was Windle finding , was an ability with languages .
tr	I	His is voice mocking , sarcastic .
tr	I	She was packing , or at least trying to pack for her trip weekend to Newport .
tr	O	The gentle kiss could only last for a few minutes when the two of them touched .
tr	I	I need to settle up the account , and I to need place another order for the water horses .
tr	I	Julian jogged down the stairs , dashed through the first floor and hallway didn 't stop until he reached his father 's study .
tr	O	I shall take Precious , and I shall say : make him swallow the bones and choke .
tr	O	This was far beyond a joke .
tr	I	These are neighbors our and friends -- or at least they used to be !
tr	I	He nodded and the attacked second cone .
tr	I	She nodded , unable to speak without letting loose a flood tears of .
tr	I	She debated briefly as the footsteps started the down stairs , dizzy from the flood of memories .
tr	I	I was going to dig her up secret , and I was going to bring her down .
tr	I	I at smiled them and they nodded back .
tr	I	When she reached down and stroked his hair , he felt if as he had died and gone to Heaven .
tr	I	Receptionist knew it was never good for to parents meet the principal , especially within the first month of school .
tr	O	If I wasn 't calling him and neither was Sebastian , it might be his parents .
tr	I	Papillon a was backup identity .
tr	O	If the captain had decided to try his hand at it , Demos 's precaution was entirely sensible .
tr	I	The road contained two parallel indentations and was the rusty red color of iron abandoned .
tr	I	I nodded , not sure could I respond .
tr	O	Surely no woman wore perfume for a man she wasn 't interested in , but he warned himself not to assume too much .
tr	I	It may not seem like a big deal you to , but I take my business very seriously .
tr	I	Bloody crows , man , you know me better that than .
tr	I	Back in the room , he to struggles explain .
tr	I	Even Fluffy took the and hint left .
tr	O	We are not here to negotiate .
tr	I	I listen silently , I but don 't really care .
tr	I	I into leaned him , kissing him back with everything I felt .
tr	I	I didn do 't any drugs .
tr	I	I talked to at him work , didn 't I ?
tr	I	The pictures were harder explain to .
tr	I	He was improving ; this is how Amber felt the at moment .
tr	O	Zev needs blood much worse than I do .
tr	I	Don 't try to it control ; let the water take the brunt of the energy .
tr	O	She looked down thoughtfully at her hands in her lap .
tr	O	I thought you 'd slip underneath her radar if the other girls were charmed , but I was wrong .
tr	O	You 're nothing to me but the next enemy I 'll drive my weapon through , the next heart I tear open .
tr	I	Meanwhile , Nikolas set his sights on the to kitchen hunt down some food .
tr	O	But it 's a good ballpark .
tr	O	There was nothing else in the world that I had experienced that could compare to the feeling of surfing .
tr	O	Then I taste my own blood and I remember : I need to get out of the plane .
tr	I	With nothing more than a layer or two of steel and hull plating to keep two the apart .
tr	I	But 'd they wait for me for a while before they gave up and figured out something was wrong .
tr	O	Calliope glared at me with such intensity that I considered myself lucky to still be in one piece .
tr	I	Leaning in close , he pried her left eye open wide with his thumb and forefinger flashed and a light into her pupil .
tr	I	He tried to a find more comfortable position , but his spell books were in the way .
tr	O	Definitely not Julian 's type .
tr	O	Fire had ignited within her when his teeth sank into her neck , and she 'd been overwhelmed by a sensual hunger for him .
tr	O	And do you think he will ?
tr	O	He licked the taste of her from his lips .
tr	I	The gunner was the peppering Junta truck with 7.62 x 54 NATO rounds like he was seasoning a steak .
tr	O	Jack slides the ring off my finger .
tr	O	They lifted her by the arms and slammed her back onto one of the tables , its trestle legs swayed unsteadily but held .
tr	O	If you enter the Weaver 's World you will never leave , the legend went .
tr	I	There was no time tears for right now .
tr	I	She 'd come to the looking house for Sylvie , maybe , but Scott had been there instead .
tr	O	He dipped his head and let his lips slide along my throat , igniting yet more flames along the sensitive skin .
tr	I	he asked , impressed by news the .
tr	O	Did they have what he needed to fortify his letter of marque ?
tr	I	As much as Roman recognized the protective mechanism , he couldn 't say hadn she 't hurt him .
tr	I	Bran moaned and would have closed his eyes again but Gareth shook to him keep him awake .
tr	I	That 's not what he to needed hear .
tr	O	The breeze from my window wasn 't enough to keep me from burning up , and bugs were getting into the cracks in the screen .
tr	O	Dornan steps out of the shadows , and I jump minutely , unaware that he 's been watching the entire time .
tr	O	Wanda 's mother showed me a picture of Wanda 's dress on her phone .
tr	I	Jeremy 's laugh starts out low before joins Rex in and now they are both full out laughing .
tr	O	There were hands all around her , a plastic mask over her nose and mouth .
tr	O	I looked back at where Bryce had been lying .
tr	O	Thayer 's eyes narrowed , but he dropped her arm suddenly , as though she 'd been on fire .
tr	I	They giggled and then groaned as he to turned leave the park .
tr	O	They got you involved in something you didn 't want .
tr	I	Cars littered the lot parking , people coming and going in every direction .
tr	O	Her clothes were expensive ; she wore them like they weren 't .
tr	I	' I thought finding the newspaper article yesterday was a sign I that should come .
tr	I	I 't don know what I was going to ask next .
tr	I	He looked at him with a eyebrow raised , shook his head and led the way out .
tr	O	I knew I would never get an answer but I was ok with that .
tr	I	Its rear end blackened and trunk its was partially smelted .
tr	I	I grit my teeth and attempted smile to .
tr	I	Either way would he have won .
tr	O	But he 'd always just been a kid .
tr	I	The sheer finally exhaustion became too much and he fell asleep .
tr	O	Wayfarers , The The Wayfarers are an ancient orders of male and female mages that can travel between the Thirteen Worlds using Paths .
tr	I	I dangled the in air and my face was even with his .
tr	I	He hadn 't to expected use it , but now was glad that he had taken that precaution .
tr	O	Sullivan didn 't look round .
tr	O	It 's supposed to be a dark and perilous journey you go on , but I think Nick 's right and you 'd better stick around here .
tr	O	Violet pul ed him away from my hands and brought his neck to her lips .
tr	I	' Do you really want to be around when he gets here , have and to tell him that ? '
tr	O	He claimed nothing was as it appeared .
tr	O	This time Yama picked up his cell phone from the glass table and ordered breakfast , or lunch , it didn 't matter which .
tr	O	Fisting her hands on her hips , she glared at Sasha .
tr	O	You will not be wearing it for long .
tr	I	It 't wasn a fiver , or even money at all .
tr	I	the baron twisted his lip flipped and a coin , clearly trying his best to annoy and offend the scientist .
tr	O	she asked as she stood and walked over to him .
tr	I	Something catches Gray 's Wolf eye .
tr	O	She approached as fast as her old body would allow .
tr	I	He was at edge the of a swimming pool .
tr	I	Benjamin startled me when stepped he in front of me and grasped my head between his hands .
tr	O	And he fled back up the road , leaving a slightly bewildered girl to go back into the house to explain her absence .
tr	I	Unlike Jessie and John , Derek was calm relatively .
tr	I	He had more reason than most to against guard Hunters .
tr	I	So nine years passed until one evening he stopped at inn an situated at the entrance of a big city .
tr	O	Martin ; What are the chances this will go without a hitch ?
tr	O	When I remembered all of that , it became easier not to succumb to temptation .
tr	O	She was amazing , and she 'd allowed him to worship her nak * d body .
tr	I	What this was stuff ?
tr	I	They turned me around and pointed me to door a off the kitchen .
tr	I	She looked more a like shark than ever in her gray suit .
tr	I	My grip on my tightened scalp .
tr	O	I looked out the window .
tr	I	The air was hot and humid despite the fact that it was almost nine at night the and sun was finally going down .
tr	O	Jenny asked as she carefully sewed the wrist of his shirt completely closed .
tr	I	He knows he can the fix police .
tr	O	Did the president have that many swarming around him all the time ?
tr	O	Bella nodded and then kept watch as Richard headed down the hill towards the settlement .
tr	O	With a shriek , Beth raised the poker over her head , her gaze narrowed on Jason , who visibly braced himself .
tr	O	Well , you could say that about him as well .
tr	O	She couldn 't bring herself to ask if she had been drained of blood .
tr	I	So much for being in control ... But she wasn alone 't .
tr	O	She nods and points to a table at the other end of the cafeteria .
tr	O	In his mind , his processors began to reconstruct the crash scene and Caesar had to will it away .
tr	O	The patient 's eyes were dancing around as the doctor helped the technician move the machines monitor in front of the chair .
tr	I	Two battalions broke from away the main convoy , and they headed to the southern outskirts of Austin .
tr	O	If he hadn 't trusted her , she could work to prove herself to him , but how could she get him to believe in himself ?
tr	O	He wasn 't that kind of guy .
tr	O	The ottoman was low and her heels were high .
tr	I	At some point , fell Sebastian asleep .
tr	I	It wasn 't like I didn like 't Alaska .
tr	O	We only have your word for who you are . '
tr	I	Sandra could tell Thomas was eager to something confirm .
tr	I	he said , immediately brightening .
tr	O	The waves inside increased until finally , God yes , finally , release crashed over her .
tr	I	Difficult to himself convince to do so now .
tr	I	Silence stretched between them as they faced each other on the bed ; her face strained was , his grim .
tr	O	But now he was torn between two great loves , and the fact that he felt so divided felt like trouble .
tr	O	He leaned against his sedan in the dim light of the parking lot and put out one cigarette only to light another .
tr	O	I am the person I am because of her , and I awaken each day reminded of how she has contributed to my existence .
tr	I	She her picked head up and kissed me .
tr	I	Her olive smooth skin unfazed by grief and loss .
tr	O	His attention is focused down the boardwalk .
tr	I	Nerve endings fired , moist desire gathered between my thighs and thoughts zipped through my head at the of speed light .
tr	I	She picked the up phone and called the magic shop .
tr	O	Again , her dad 's allusion to her mother 's death stirred her curiosity .
tr	I	Some of them even dream about what it would like be to be us .
tr	I	And he turned , then , against the wall to at look her .
tr	I	He was her beside again the moment the bell rang .
tr	O	Says I told you to stop .
tr	I	He felt his captors react , their grips slackening , and thought fleetingly that his Chuck Norris moves were be to proud of .
tr	O	All the while he 'd been talking to the prissy bank teller tonight and it 'd never crossed his mind that he 'd once stolen her underwear .
tr	I	He looked the around large lobby and noticed a strange man sitting across from the elevators .
tr	I	The horrible line of Pandora 's killer species reached left and right in a wide arc around scene the of carnage .
tr	O	Their old clothes were exchanged for pairs of dusty clothes found amongst the ruins .
tr	I	He looks a lot cheerful more than before .
tr	I	But the breeding more was of a hobby , rather than Adam 's primary purpose in buying the ranch .
tr	I	Chloe had to have time to think without other 's people influence .
tr	I	Ethan a took seat .
tr	O	And then he just held her , the tears he 'd been keeping back falling without restraint .
tr	I	If they had attacked never me , I wouldn 't have to do this -- hunt a human for their blood .
tr	I	He started the car and pulled out the of drive .
tr	I	Lise through fumbled her cosmetic bag .
tr	O	My already nonexistent patience was stretched thin by the time we stopped in front of two dark , shiny double doors .
tr	I	What are doing you to me ?
tr	O	Curious , Jake reached back toward the doorway again .
tr	O	It bothered me to see her drinking .
tr	I	He laughed without humor , pulling hands both down his face .
tr	O	A roaring decibel of emotion , he always said he never let the wine take hold of him -- he was wrong .
tr	I	You 're not too looking good , Commander .
tr	I	Amy set Molly to work making a salad while she Elizabeth called 's cell phone to see where she was .
tr	I	Before she could take step a , however , Liam swung her into his arms , carrying her with little effort .
tr	O	The dreams have shaped the way we live our lives , helping us to avoid accidents or situations that would cause us harm .
tr	I	This whole rot in this world has been wreaked by none other but the owners enterprises of .
tr	O	' I 've had enough of sitting upstairs , waiting for something to happen . '
tr	O	Family can help carry a load .
tr	I	It wasn 't until he looked at the parking spaces outside the did building he realize what the bland brick structure was .
tr	I	By that point I 't didn care .
tr	I	Lewis asked Martinez to .
tr	I	I know I have would if my jaw was missing .
tr	O	Edward had vowed to hunt down this mother in Orange County , as well .
tr	O	The giant bird shrieked and kicked off the ground .
tr	I	People in movies don 't have even socks .
tr	I	She had already through rung yesterday afternoon , after her meeting with Marilyn , to arrange the visit .
tr	I	His smile her left feeling flustered and uncertain .
tr	I	It was a long thin dagger a in leather sheath .
tr	I	Another burst of wind whistled past as water swirled around Gary 's and feet retracted into the ocean .
tr	O	Grinning broadly he slapped his hand on the steering wheel .
tr	O	As good as she was at missing sleep and still functioning , she was really starting to feel the effects of this stressful situation .
tr	I	He can 't all fight of Wye .
tr	I	He leaned and down picked up the rope he had brought with him to the attic .
tr	I	Olivia was Caleb with now .
tr	O	They were five stories high .
tr	I	I drained my glass pushed and the empty toward him .
tr	O	Aquitaine was not content to rest behind the massive fortifications built around the city .
tr	O	The pilot brought the vehicle back to hover mode and Adam displaced one of the techs at a terminal marked ' Firmware ' .
tr	O	Tears filled his eyes and he tried to blink them away .
tr	I	I recognized too you .
tr	O	I have an apartment in the city .
tr	O	I don 't feel like talking and I need to change .
tr	I	Frau Engel thought for moment a .
tr	O	I wanted him to tell me that it was a lie , just more falsehoods thrown out by a politician grasping at straws .
tr	I	They were blundering through the tall pines , bouncing Ben like a pinball from one tree trunk to the next .
tr	O	He cupped his hand to her back but kept a respectful distance .
tr	I	His wife had him hurt .
tr	O	I slipped into her room the night she died .
tr	O	He 'd brought work home with him , but it was still tucked , untouched , in his briefcase .
tr	O	Every bit of fire in her voice is extinguished .
tr	I	A skinny woman with graying short hair answered .
tr	I	She heard from a distance a sound wouldn she 't have expected to hear in a middle school .
tr	I	When cut I into the overflow lot , I saw his hands on her and my whole world went red .
tr	O	She paused , and her face turned into something quite different .
tr	O	Gauging the storms in Jared 's eyes , it was true .
tr	I	She always said she that hated her wild , frizzy , red hair .
tr	I	Markus wasn 't the to type show exaggerated emotions .
tr	O	' What are you doing here , old man ? '
tr	O	It was a way to control information .
tr	I	I am working on a source who may be able to find out about cell phone activity on the Verizon account issued to V. M. Papillon .
tr	O	Eight says , watching Four and Six move south .
tr	I	A huge bed with a low headboard black dominated one wall with matching nightstand tables on each side of the bed .
tr	I	As if she 'd see ever him if he did move to Seattle .
tr	I	She nodded , giving greater emphasis to words her .
tr	O	His mouth was open , releasing a silent scream , and his struggles were weakening .
tr	I	Meagan brought her knee up and jammed Ryan as hard she as could in the groin .
tr	O	That I am poor and must work , I would rather work .
tr	I	Kylie popped piece a of pepperoni into her mouth .
tr	I	Now my sense of injustice truly is ringing .
tr	O	she said with excitement .
tr	I	Jace was chewing lip his ; she raised a questioning eyebrow at him , but he only shrugged , as if to say : We go forward .
tr	O	My cheeks remained pale .
tr	I	Now , wish I I had .
tr	I	They never spoke or each saw other again .
tr	O	And so I do , taking us away .
tr	O	When they reached the water 's edge at the ford they stopped .
tr	O	He gestured to one of the soldiers to bring another seat over .
tr	O	Gumshoe scraped a speck of dirt from one of his soles .
tr	O	Believe me , things would be a lot different now if he had !
tr	O	The prairie had turned arid .
tr	O	There was already a team staking out the store and a tap on the phone .
tr	O	his mother asked , pulling open the bottom section .
tr	O	Dazed , Frankie slid to the ground to land in a thud on his ass .
tr	O	Consider the progression of a man 's aging .
tr	I	Henry rubbed the back of my neck , but I felt no relief from touch his .
tr	I	I had almost grown 8 inches in the past year .
tr	I	And who was Harris Patrick .
tr	O	But they weren 't as fun .
tr	I	His eyes had been closed , so Murdoch hadn 't been to able tell if they were red .
tr	O	He pushed passed me , knocking me back a step .
tr	I	I glimpsed movement on the stage , but it was dark too to be sure .
tr	O	He shook his head .
tr	I	Kelly glanced at Nick , holding his breath when met Nick his eyes .
tr	I	Thank he God 's there !
tr	I	She was turning him out inside .
tr	I	' Then what can do we ? '
tr	I	It is only ever about whether something is good the for Nephilim or bad for the Nephilim .
tr	I	He grasped Gianni the by shoulder , forcing him to make eye contact .
tr	O	Even after stopping the car and getting out , it took Emma a few minutes to discover the reason for the strange coloration .
tr	I	Henry and I finally a had shot at being happy , and now we 'd both lost it .
tr	I	The two lovers under lay the sheets in William 's bed .
tr	I	But Max did , and he it used freely .
tr	I	Her accompanied words by sharp waves of the arm .
tr	O	But it isn 't exactly wonderful for me either , savvy ?
tr	I	You don 't to have worry about him anymore .
tr	O	It whipped at the sheets , made it harder to keep them in place .
tr	I	I jumped of off him .
tr	O	That was a fancy word .
tr	I	So she started jogging and hoped he wouldn stop 't and ask any questions .
tr	O	He 's getting on the bus to camp for two weeks away from home .
tr	O	I 'll let him know how helpful you have been . '
tr	O	he asked , pretending to be hurt .
tr	O	I just told you my ex-lover or his wife , or maybe both of them are trying to kill me .
tr	I	He the used attached key to open the corned beef .
tr	I	Lightning tore the sky , closely by followed thunder that shook the ground .
tr	O	Focus on the lights .
tr	I	They looked both to Ryan , and then Jared grabbed Ryan 's coat with both fists .
tr	O	The coroner and the sheriff conversed privately .
tr	I	She brought my head up with level hers .
tr	O	Above the city the sky sparkled with innumerable pinpoints of light as distant stars pierced the blackness .
tr	O	Certainly the startling white paint and the multi-colored flowerbeds were never a part of the original experience .
tr	O	Don 't forget the canary .
tr	I	Violets nod , appearing composed on the outside , but I her know better than that .
tr	O	I thought to myself as I swallowed each hot mouthful of blood .
tr	I	Chapter 19 My laptop screen glowed eerie an blue , casting strange shadows on the walls and window shades .
tr	O	They walked down the hill , holding their hands away from their sides to show they were no threat .
tr	I	I would tell him the truth whole about the mission .
tr	I	It 's a only matter of time .
tr	O	I had lost touch with my family and friends .
tr	O	Declan howled in pain and toppled to the ground .
tr	I	If she had , he never would have let her leave .
tr	I	I it hit with a splash .
tr	O	Slowly his eyes became accustomed to the gloom .
tr	O	The poison would have taken hold until even her immortality couldn 't have saved her .
tr	I	He never named them -- the subjects test , that is -- and seldom even acknowledged if they were male or female .
tr	I	Zarah looked through the window at the handsome man smiling into the car with a huge on grin his face .
tr	O	Her gaze clung to his undiminished manhood .
tr	O	Oh , and that 's in her private lounge room .
tr	O	The patter of Ivy 's sandals tapping across the pavement sends me into a panic .
tr	I	She picked one up , held and it very carefully as she approached me .
tr	O	Big nuclear power plants .
tr	O	They both burst out in laughter .
tr	O	Somewhere along the line , as the body swooped and soared , it managed to pull itself out and level off .
tr	O	The men thanked her for her donation .
tr	O	With the heel of her foot , she struck him behind the knee , knocking him off balance yet again .
tr	O	His mouth moved skillfully over hers , rewarding her response with deeper flicks of his tongue .
tr	O	She glanced over his shoulder .
tr	I	Diego ate kibbles the .
tr	I	He looked down into 's Madeleine face .
tr	I	Once his brothers had put aside old grudges , even occasionally they began to show up .
tr	O	All at once I seen her .
tr	I	He turned and threw up violently , retching there till was no more in him .
tr	I	I saw Vince in the main room plant , then he popped out .
tr	I	She sent him a message letting him know she was he glad was fine and to have fun and not to be bothered about the publicity .
tr	I	She glared me at .
tr	O	Grigori 's cursed wine had been spiked with human blood .
tr	I	They made the sweetest couple , and my heart swelled the at love they shared .
tr	I	There were no anymore weekends .
tr	I	The bell rang , and Takumi the and Colonel were first out the door .
tr	O	The bears tied them tightly and Jared winced as the twine was pulled taught on his legs .
tr	O	The sun is peeking through the clouds , but the air is chilly and there 's a layer of frost on the grass along with browned leaves .
tr	I	Sometimes not enough quickly though .
tr	I	Maybe he could tell that would Levi never hurt her .
tr	O	Joshua noticed they had long sheets of packaging spread out at the tables .
tr	I	One of them was a quiet , watchful girl always who waited her turn .
tr	O	But then certain moments of unforgettable failure in their short married life rose in his imagination .
tr	I	Her left hand suddenly out swept and backhanded his stomach .
tr	I	As the evening lengthened Jesse stirred and turned , and he reached Ruby for still half asleep .
tr	O	There are certain things best left unsaid between a father and daughter , no matter how close they are .
tr	O	You need to get me to the dorm so I can pack my things .
tr	I	Prudence collapsed the on ground .
tr	O	she asked , leaning against the wall as he fiddled with some dials and levers .
tr	I	Back to the life had had chosen replace to his old one .
tr	I	Nathan called Claire over to join us and we settled around the on table the back porch .
tr	O	A number had been interviewed by deputies , and all had alibis for the time of the killing .
tr	O	Someday , he 'll graduate from college , get a real job and marry Echo .
tr	O	It can get a great deal worse .
tr	O	However , no one had seen her since she took the bus to Nashville .
tr	I	The crew had applied grease to all moving parts to prevent the normal sounds the of ship .
tr	I	No matter modern how , it wasn 't silent when running .
tr	I	Coincidence his defended emotions .
tr	I	We have more problems just than that .
tr	I	I took the liberty of removing it from your gun , with along the round in the chamber .
tr	O	The handcuffs appeared to be cutting into his skin .
tr	O	She sat down beside Mike on the couch .
tr	O	They turned to each other and then back to the hulking action hero bearing down on them .
tr	I	Cassie screamed and her lifted hands .
tr	O	She looked at the ring , and then at me , and I saw her eyes get glassy and shiny .
tr	O	Antonia 's fear intensified as she watched Carlos ' face turn white .
tr	O	Kain wasn 't the only one who kept popping back up .
tr	O	He urged his horse ahead , focusing his attention forward , ready for the impending confrontation .
tr	O	Dryden was saying in an exasperated voice .
tr	O	I said , eyes fixed on my follower .
tr	O	You are an asshole !
tr	O	I 'll see Pete tomorrow .
tr	O	The god was shown with one hand raised high , clutching a thunderbolt as though about to cast .
tr	I	I 've been thinking about going up for the Host selection and moving the into compound when I turn seventeen -- but only to help my mother .
tr	O	They didn 't seem to interact like normal animals : no communicating , breeding , or fighting could be observed .
tr	O	Tattered clothes and frayed backpacks told the story of a life on the run .
tr	O	He couldn 't turn away the chance to touch her , to hold her , just once .
tr	I	That would explain his earlier about comment me being too young to run this sort of establishment .
tr	O	I nervously wondered if I could pull this off .
tr	O	Just a few people sitting on the cliff , watching the skyline .
tr	O	She hung up and he looked up at me .
tr	O	For a big city , San Francisco managed to be a perfect combination of the cosmopolitan and small town .
tr	I	It was a lover nature 's paradise .
tr	O	He whistles happily as we walk to the middle of the field , where the dry grass is compressed and the flowers slowly crumble to death .
tr	O	Don 't just stand there .
tr	I	It should have been easy enough to his establish identity .
tr	O	Apollo 's dawn horses , gleaming gold , leaped from the stern , the motion of the ship giving them the illusion of life .
tr	I	This is the key to my heart and I 'm giving it to you because of my love for you your and love for me .
tr	I	I kept my hand on the door and kept smashing it against her face , I had so much pent up aggression I that hadn 't realized .
tr	I	The others are physically fit , York but says they don 't remember anything .
tr	O	He looked good , yet she could not even feel attracted to him any more .
tr	O	It turned out to work very well .
tr	O	I carefully unwrapped the package -- it didn 't seem right to tear such beautiful paper -- and opened the box to find a gold bracelet inside .
tr	O	Sister Roberta sighed almost imperceptibly , but Sarah had keen ears .
tr	I	The car rocked , for god sake 's ! '
tr	I	Trying to be someone she wasn 't ... was wrong , deceitful .
tr	I	He needed blood to complete the healing before he approached the woman whose mere presence had him called from the arms of the earth .
tr	I	Many women wouldn 't appreciate their husband 's bastard child showing up on their front doorstep even if that child been had born before they 'd meet .
tr	O	That night , as she lay in her bed unable to sleep , she turned to catch a whiff of her mother 's roses .
tr	O	I 'm not looking forward to this party any more than you are , but I promised Marc I 'd make an appearance .
tr	I	I don 't recognize it , so it be must one of hers .
tr	O	Julian let his gaze roam around the room .
tr	O	I don 't leave him my car .
tr	I	His voice was low deadly but .
tr	I	Jake tried spy to any features , but beneath the helmet lay only shadows .
tr	I	The irony not did escape him .
tr	O	Paul raced to the convenience store , yanked a six-pack from the refrigerated section and marched quickly to the cash register .
tr	I	He twisted his wet shirt and stared the at meticulously tended farmhouse .
tr	O	You see , I have my own .
tr	O	Devon frowned as he recalled the strange dreams plaguing him , dreams that Cassie was always a part of ; dreams that haunted him throughout the day .
tr	I	Her Black Jewels looked as if 'd she drained most of the reserve power in them .
tr	O	There was a clack as the deckchair folded itself up .
tr	I	At least the remained photos .
tr	I	It 's become a routine , a painfully routine longstanding that I 'm addicted to .
tr	O	I needed to ask him , Edwina or Stephanie about this .
tr	O	The demons arrived then , quickly comprehending the situation .
tr	I	Eventually our dinner comes and we eat exchanging while stories about Summer and Rex .
tr	I	She 's a mutt , built like golden a retriever but black in color .
tr	O	She settled back in her seat .
tr	O	Even though he shared space with twelve people , he knew no one would look in his things on the last day of the cycle .
tr	I	I sense him stepping close in and I swallow .
tr	O	My head feels like it 's about to fall off of my neck .
tr	O	I know you 're still in there , even if you don 't .
tr	O	Looking down at himself , he shook his head .
tr	I	Her fingers gripped into the muscles in his shoulders and she arched into herself him , bringing her into contact with his hard erection .
tr	O	The thought made me sick .
tr	I	Wasn 't anybody in universe the content with just living in peace ?
tr	O	Several more months had passed , and it was around the time that only a year ago I 'd seen those heads in the piazza .
tr	I	Our waitress over came and refilled our coffees .
tr	O	Jace 's eyes were shining .
tr	O	Suddenly she wished that he felt that same affection for her - that he would gaze at her with that same look .
tr	I	It was Case 's badge , one the Scores had confiscated from him during the investigation .
tr	O	Markus didn 't finish .
tr	O	It 's not a tired hello .
tr	O	The unclaimed souls turned away from your front steps .
tr	I	Jakob walked up and put arm his around my shoulder .
tr	O	' But what about this training to be a professional strong man ? '
tr	I	She missed 'd enough classes to flunk out of college .
tr	I	There wasn 't question any that I was a woman .
tr	O	Riley had talked Lacy into some crazy stunts , like the time they tried to climb onto the roof to wait for Santa .
tr	I	Oliver called out their between names pouring drinks .
tr	I	It was a packet sniffer that on landed his machine from a download from the internet .
tr	I	Zach was lying to next her , not Ali .
tr	O	The thought sends me plummeting off the cloud I 'd been floating on for the last hour .
tr	O	Their ashes sifted down like sable snow .
tr	O	Closing my eyes tight I bowed my head as if changing my position would give me an idea of what I was supposed to ask for .
tr	I	We finally tore apart Mason and broke the silence .
tr	O	Have you met them before ? '
tr	I	I 'm obstinate being .
tr	I	Only now do I realize that I had been assuming the destinations two were one and the same .
tr	O	She got a really bad feeling , especially since she 'd been finding single roses on her pillow for the past week .
tr	O	The classroom door opened .
tr	I	You know works he closely with the Elders .
tr	O	' No , ' said Altair , confused now .
tr	I	he asked me I when got home .
tr	I	In the evening they stopped at an inn where he was given a simple supper sent and immediately to bed .
tr	O	By the time he regained his senses , Frances was waiting politely for him to give her leave .
tr	O	It was too small for him , but coils of razor wire blocked the way over the top .
tr	I	He put down his coffee spread and his hands .
tr	I	Paul his parked ugly , beat up Chevy in the drive and stepped from the car .
tr	O	Don 't ask who or why .
tr	I	Randall asked , glancing up from plate his .
tr	O	Maybe more than ever .
tr	I	The part of me that wished he 'd in give and succumb to what I saw so vividly playing out in his eyes .
tr	O	Yeah , I had a little brother I 'd barely seen .
tr	I	Another one 's to going Pepperdine .
tr	I	There seemed to be a lot things of that needed to be shaken out of my head that day .
tr	O	He wondered when he would get fed again .
tr	I	I run my over hand my head , letting out a stressed breath .
tr	I	He looked at his watch seven - thirty .
tr	O	Bathroom was not that much smaller than in his uncle 's mansion , but for some reason it seemed awfully cramped .
tr	I	Fletcher wasn happy 't about my involvement with Sebastian either , but he didn 't give me any more dire warnings to stay away from him .
tr	O	She was encouraged by his apparent deference .
tr	O	Shoes , he said , boiled his feet , so it was bare feet and pajamas .
tr	I	He saw the signal light blink from bow the of the boat .
tr	I	He tried to block out the noise of engines idling and impatient , frightened citizens but it was useless .
tr	I	The people continued to among talk themselves .
tr	O	We were holding our meeting in the kitchen at the villa .
tr	I	I out burst laughing .
tr	O	I scrubbed my face with my hands , feeling dirty and exhausted .
tr	I	Without the scholarship , he didn 't the have money to continue his education .
tr	I	the maintained captain , indignant and somewhat embarrassed .
tr	O	He tried to shift again , and in doing so , my head slipped from his arm , bumping into the floor .
tr	O	I feel her cool hand take my left one .
tr	I	When she returned few a moments later with her glass of milk , she was stifling a naughty little giggle .
tr	O	Off the books under a fake corporation .
tr	I	She asked him about his lunch how and long it took him to walk home .
tr	O	He took a bow .
tr	I	We 't couldn even get into our truck .
tr	O	What kind of friend says that ?
tr	I	Are you right all ?
tr	I	You 'll a do lot of research looking for ways to bend the tax laws .
tr	I	The invitation her surprised .
tr	I	He was a bigger lot and stronger than Gregor .
tr	O	Zeus nodded and took it , wiping his face .
tr	O	Plenty of big meat chunks , and the vegetables cooked just right , not all mush like some people make .
tr	I	Her head was too tilted far back , and one of her slippers was missing .
tr	I	I felt a jolt of electricity pass through me as I gazed into familiar his eyes .
tr	I	I looked down and could stil see every leaf with ine crystal clarity .
tr	O	The flashlights didn 't banish all of the shop 's gloom , but the narrow beam of light sure slowed her heartbeat down to a steady beat .
tr	O	True or not , he just didn 't like her .
tr	I	An electric shock coursed my through body continuously .
tr	I	There not 's even a light , just a four-way stop .
tr	O	In fact this is a good decision for you , because you will always be ahead of the police .
tr	O	Not willing to give up , he entered the darkened room .
tr	O	Not moving until he was sure no one stirred .
tr	I	She could admit herself to she would miss Nicolae if he never again merged his mind with hers .
tr	O	A man was approaching him .
tr	I	He slipped an around arm the tall , brown-haired man .
tr	O	Out of fear we have given the keys to this school to the corrupt and the evil that walk through our hallways .
tr	O	Tye stayed in touch with him , but her mother pretended he didn 't exist .
tr	I	And look me at .
tr	I	She ran her fingers down the light trail of hair on his before stomach grasping him and stroking a few times .
tr	O	He 'd murdered her .
tr	O	Myra wasn 't about to let her off the hook .
tr	O	George crept fearfully to the door .
tr	O	I was screaming it as loud as I could .
tr	O	Kate 's horrified gaze fixed on Kevin 's lifeless form and she shuddered .
tr	I	My heart at dropped the closeness .
tr	I	I lunged him between and the Escalade and fired point-blank at the rear window .
tr	I	Then she 'd become violent , as if choosing to remember husband her by assuming his actions .
tr	I	I snuggled a little closer , just needing to feel the heat from his body against skin my .
tr	I	Pure hydrogen liquid is the best protection against cosmic rays that we know of as scientists .
tr	I	Her cheeks were flaming , but she the found nerve to look at him .
tr	I	Kate stood and up followed him on trembling legs .
tr	I	He did not know how to handle my crying because he had seen never a girl cry in front of him .
tr	I	To dig up a body , you had to have lot a more balls than Mona had .
tr	O	I don 't know how it got started , but before long , it became a welcome break in the evenings .
tr	O	Raquel shot me a look as she started edging back up to our floor .
tr	O	He was apparently concentrating .
tr	O	Something remarkably like surprise flashed across the Venetian 's face .
tr	O	As she talked , Eve 's voice grew distant .
tr	O	We adapt and evolve .
tr	I	A ladder ran down the internal sheer wall , allowing the workmen access .
tr	I	This one-month honeymoon the was only time I could just be a young man in love with his wife .
tr	O	The shirt 's bright color complemented her Mediterranean skin tone , which glowed beneath the afternoon sun .
tr	I	Tabitha said , confused by both his abruptness at her appearance and his obvious rudeness in of front Nikolai .
tr	O	There seems to be an instinctual need to see the hips and legs .
tr	O	But it was a different craziness .
tr	O	It hadn 't mattered which girl he was with .
tr	O	All my worries evaporated when he smiled at me and it was more than welcome .
tr	I	Once more Steve had tried found and her guilty , choosing to believe the worst possible scenario .
tr	O	he started to stare at me while sitting in his chair .
tr	I	Had the talisman granted fast healing powers along swift with changing ability ?
tr	I	He up stood and walked towards the front door .
tr	I	I tell could him right now , of course .
tr	O	Ripe for the taking .
tr	I	Daemon sat down me beside , taking a deep breath .
tr	I	He didn sleep 't these days .
tr	I	< < Not what know You ... Who You know !
tr	I	I was glad we weren 't continuing our from fight before .
tr	I	If things have really gone back normal to , where 's the electricity ?
tr	I	Lisa swallowed away the dry in fear her mouth .
tr	I	She me waved off with a smile and a short flick of the wrist .
tr	I	March and never I came this far on our first trip , so I don 't know what 's out here .
tr	O	Shame so acute it burned her skin made Kate want to sob .
tr	I	I am not buying time your rather rewarding you for your trust . '
tr	O	A child whose sense of reality had been twisted in Briarwood for so many years she didn 't know what to believe or whom she could trust .
tr	O	Lucas closed his eyes , sighed with utter contentment .
tr	I	The tone of command her in final words shook me to anger again , but it was a bright flare that sputtered out even as it kindled .
tr	O	She had looked after Eileen 's mother during the birth of her sister .
tr	I	Famine that take might decades to recover from .
tr	O	His traditional hours were eight to five , but it was rare for him to stick to that schedule .
tr	O	I hate it when women ruin their skin with scars .
tr	I	For some reason , being on camera and knowing that my confession was going be to broadcast to millions of people ?
tr	O	Eirik was and he was perfect in every way .
tr	I	Once enough grease was gone , I the tossed chicken on the plates and got us forks .
tr	I	I was on my own that after . '
tr	O	I held off , instead watching him work his way through the gun .
tr	I	I ´ ve seen many documentaries about both the of them and they never coincided with each other .
tr	I	The heater blows over my body , I however can 't stop shivering .
tr	I	She gestured the to work he was doing .
tr	I	Large monitors at either end of the landing showed stations the view from the ships nose as they nudged against the atmosphere .
tr	I	Patty had said that her friend had also suffered a concussion , broken two ribs , and a crushed pelvis .
tr	I	I know I don have 't to do anything .
tr	I	I dug my fingers into his hair way the I had imagined .
tr	I	Looking pale , falling on asleep the chesterfield .
tr	I	His was head spinning , excitement at an intense level .
tr	O	Only Minos seemed to be up .
tr	O	That way , no battlefield enemy can get the technology .
tr	O	She dropped onto the couch , draping her skirt over hairy legs .
tr	O	That same guilty pain twisted my stomach again with the knowledge that I would choose Caden over them , if I had to .
tr	O	' Thanks , ' Calvin said giving her his biggest smile .
tr	I	I obeyed , my heart pounding as furiously his masculinity surrounded me .
tr	O	It didn 't need to .
tr	O	He arched an eyebrow .
tr	I	The boys saw on Ayanna her way to the Farm .
tr	I	I look back over ocean the to see where Knox is .
tr	I	He then bid all the villagers go and prepare for a great celebration in feast two days .
tr	O	Then , in a wordless rush , she threw her arms around his neck .
tr	I	She 'd sworn not to leave behind him , and she wouldn 't .
tr	I	It was too easy to verify bother to lying .
tr	I	A man came boiling out and sprinted down beach the .
tr	I	It had always a had calming effect .
tr	O	He 'd probably refused antibiotics like he had analgesics .
tr	O	Declan howled at the creature .
tr	O	Not Ryder 's voice .
tr	I	I just stood there and waited as I the watched snowflakes take up residence on her head .
tr	O	A local shelter was my salvation .
tr	O	' Your name up there , is it ? '
tr	O	An open doorway revealed a large mess hall , where many of the guards were just sitting down to breakfast .
tr	O	I lay on the floor for a minute trying to wake up .
tr	O	It was too late ; she had already wearing the dress and Devon would be here any minute .
tr	I	I didn 't as feel bad after that .
tr	O	Lise pulled Natalie through the double doors .
tr	O	The demon once again began its full pursuit of me .
tr	O	I sank back on his bed , happy to oblige .
tr	O	' The very same .
tr	I	A piece of equipment fails , we and can 't be sure we 'll make it at all .
tr	I	He 'd get back at old the bitch next time by skipping the weed trimming .
tr	O	It 's because I saw myself reflected in you .
tr	O	She was trying to brush the invisible filth of Cletus off of her .
tr	O	We were approaching the doctor .
tr	O	Dad might be all fatherly and stern , but Sean still looked like a mercenary even when he tried to seem harmless .
tr	O	Chase half smiled and leaned forward on his elbows .
tr	I	There were lopsided smiles from some of the at men my rousing speech .
tr	O	Margaret , I told you I have certain abilities .
tr	O	When I woke up , it was gone .
tr	I	He kept the farm up , but his heart just wasn 't it in anymore .
tr	I	I never her told I 'm in love with her .
tr	O	It had been a long time since Ty had done this properly .
tr	I	There too was much to think about right now .
tr	I	I mean , how did he manage disappear to before your eyes .
tr	O	Right now his body is safely in a Med Chamber and what is going on is all happening in his mind .
tr	I	She cocks her head to the side and rolls her eyes though as I 've insulted her .
tr	I	I incredibly felt sorry for him .
tr	O	The only relationship he had with Nike was one of hate .
tr	I	And we were the ones who had to face the consequences , just like Henry had nearly because faded of Persephone .
tr	O	I darted to the side as it reached for me .
tr	I	The next desk belonged to a girl named Sarah who kept far too many pencils pink for a sixth grader .
tr	I	He lifted a hand to caress powdered a curl .
tr	O	The roads were full of trucks , hauling gravel , hauling fill , mixing concrete , feeding the work zones ' appetites .
tr	I	The old man showing was them up .
tr	I	High as they were on the second floor , he doubted anyone would the make effort to enter or exit from that venue .
tr	I	Now all she wanted was go to home and climb in bed .
tr	I	He saw four Lizards together coming back into yard his .
tr	I	The garb comfortable was and utilitarian .
tr	O	He moved his lips a smidgen closer .
tr	I	She dropped the and charges vanished .
tr	O	Your skill is in your head , in the way you look at the world and see the things other men miss .
tr	O	Yanni slowed as the bulk of a large brick building loomed through the darkness .
tr	O	Across the parking lot , Noah had finally emerged from Nino 's and he slouched toward them .
tr	I	I roll off just enough and try to my catch breath as I settle my gaze over my beautiful wife .
tr	O	I 'm going to see if Stephan will work his extra shifts with Javier .
tr	I	The final vehicle was loaded with evidence we and returned to the Bromley Borough Police Station for questioning of individuals and cataloguing of evidence .
tr	I	The blues continued to build and build , like another cliff was going fall to out from under us all .
tr	O	Besides , Julia was probably calling to share good news about her Farrell meeting , and good news could keep for five more minutes .
tr	O	I have a few good memories of my mom , but I wish I could remember my dad .
tr	I	But considering how handsome Liam was she 'd figured regular transit users weren 't used to such seeing a gorgeous man on their system .
tr	I	It was unleashed power , capable of joy agony or .
tr	O	She gave him a grim , fierce smile .
tr	O	If someone had asked me yesterday if I trusted you with her , I wouldn 't have thought twice .
tr	O	She tried to pull her fingers away and he held on .
tr	O	Before we met , I was driven by hatred and revenge , but you have taught me to love again .
tr	O	I was familiar with that sound .
tr	O	Even that had taken them a while to get used to .
tr	O	Over the years it had served him well , but right now he wished he knew exactly what was coming .
tr	O	He leads me through the crowded disco , and as we leave the room , a security guard asks him if I 'm okay and he nods .
tr	O	First , I picked every piece of clothing up off the floor and tossed them in the washing machine in the bathroom .
tr	O	Having made her decision , she was ready for whatever happened .
tr	I	The same one he 'd worn when she 'd the exited shower .
tr	O	Brenda gave a little laugh that was more a good-humoured snort .
tr	O	His nose retained its perky tilt and the moustache beneath it accentuated the captivating sensuality of his strongly carved mouth .
tr	I	Where hell the were you , man ?
tr	O	She is flirting with Jeff , little madam .
tr	O	He seems like a great guy , and appears to be very smart .
tr	I	For some reason he still 's all worried about Simon .
tr	O	So on Friday night , Steve sent an email to Mr. Anonymous .
tr	I	They locked eyes just before terrified the child sank beneath the waves .
tr	I	There laughter was across the lawn .
tr	O	Phil and Glen were up still , both of them wearing grim expressions .
tr	I	A full later minute .
tr	I	The lump in her throat was threatening to her choke .
tr	I	What didn woman 't want to believe that ?
tr	I	There was small a note attached , with two words written on it in Jia 's careful hand .
tr	O	Leopold was impressed with the faith and conviction he heard in Thomas 's words , but he also sensed something else .
tr	O	She didn 't jerk away from him or tense up .
tr	I	After his grandmother 's shenanigans , Catherine probably wouldn 't even lend use the of her floor as a makeshift bed .
tr	O	He hoped it had escaped Leif 's notice .
tr	O	My voice was a little panicked when I said that , and his eyes narrowed a bit as he looked me over .
tr	O	Jacob turned on the other one , the one who was giving the orders .
tr	O	I was resigned I was responsible for our conflict , deserved his enmity and could do nothing but continue our battles .
tr	O	Chapter 2 Alex After we each have our breakdown , we head back into the living room .
tr	I	His was voice deep and smooth .
tr	I	Tears his blurred vision .
tr	O	I look at my arms and feet and I ´ m disappearing .
tr	I	The right to a marriage only second to that of one of the king 's daughters !
tr	O	CHAPTER 20 The Calm Elaina came to on the back of a horse .
tr	O	And there were other hunters in town .
tr	O	He smiled and slowly rode past , trusting his horse to know the way so he could keep her in his sight for as long as possible .
tr	I	You were wizard a living in my castle all these years , and I never knew it .
tr	I	You have enough money and a beautiful home , you never have to work if don you 't want to .
tr	O	She tried to look into the small holes on the wood to see the room .
tr	I	With a nod to A.J. and Devlin , doctor the left .
tr	I	The sported kitchen a pale yellow with dark brown trim .
tr	O	Some kind of witch ?
tr	I	The dinosaur bobbed its up head and down .
tr	O	And without professional esteem or standing in the community , Gavin might as well be right back in the gutter where he started .
tr	I	She tried to plead with her father , not knowing why she was being sent away but certain she could her talk way out of it .
tr	I	Wait for the right moment , and then up turn the heat .
tr	O	However , we do not allow a steward to redirect us .
tr	O	Sam cleared his throat and all eyes turned to him .
tr	O	I left my resignation on your desk yesterday afternoon .
tr	O	James picks up the remote control and switches the television on .
tr	I	It was dial the tone that sounded after he hung up that snapped Alex out of her hysteria .
tr	I	Dewayne noticed me first and a smile spread his across face .
tr	O	He was burning her alive from his touch .
tr	I	It can you make crazy , Sloane .
tr	O	He pondered the grave responsibility the possession of the sword had bestowed on him .
tr	O	I didn 't blame her or complain one bit .
tr	I	That was if we had time , they were dashing in direction our at such menacing speed and with such great agility .
tr	I	Shed blood , no whose telling , smeared his armor .
tr	O	The sorting room , almost as big as the main hall , had drifts reaching to twenty feet in places .
tr	I	I been 've sick .
tr	I	' You didn 't meet again till the crash car ? '
tr	I	She her shook head .
tr	O	In all likelihood , her hands will remain free for the remainder of the weekend .
tr	I	Then he heard the word he always heard he when dreamt .
tr	O	The nerves in her thighs and calves jerked and leapt as he repeated the process over and over until he was satisfied with his handiwork .
tr	O	She waved the cigarette at me , holding it between her slender fingers .
tr	O	Cullen let his breath out on an unhappy sigh at her acid words .
tr	I	She 't wasn , or so she pretended .
tr	I	He actually felt seared just this being close to Stefan .
tr	O	I only wrote in it that one time , the day Kelsie told us about Alice 's abortion .
tr	I	She slept after that woke and late in the afternoon .
tr	O	The balcony doors weren 't locked .
tr	I	If it just were one of those activities , we 'd be out of the loop .
tr	I	Nothing jumped out him at He clicked the X button and closed the window , then opened the e-mail program .
tr	I	Scrub brush and Joshua trees dot the landscape but there 's not living another person in sight .
tr	O	She shut the door , turning the lock to keep out any more visitors .
tr	O	she views the ground .
tr	O	The spray-on skin was still in his pocket .
tr	I	Where there love is , there is often also hate .
tr	I	What no makes sense ? '
tr	O	If only she could do something .
tr	O	Although it was always on their minds , the girls had promised each other never to talk about Jamaica again .
tr	O	Eli found himself in a large glass , dome shaped room .
tr	I	He stalked over to his friends , and they all sat down at their table and put heads their together .
tr	I	Orion takes a deep breath , then opens his mouth speak to .
tr	O	Wait a little bit , I ' l look for right this on the internet .
tr	O	In fact , seeing them really made me hit pause and take a moment .
tr	I	This must be the side he on sleeps .
tr	O	-- Sir Arthur Conan Doyle , Hounds of the Baskervilles CHAPTER 1 TRIAL RUN It was 3 a.m. and the mortuary was quiet as death .
tr	I	I was standing in front of your cottage when I the saw ghost of Christian .
tr	O	Through the opening she could see a man in a white dress shirt with a black bowtie waiting to seat her .
tr	I	Her brow as furrowed her white wings created a breeze throughout the room .
tr	I	I fiddling begin with my hair .
tr	I	In the middle of the group , hands gripping edge the of the frame and muscles bulging , was Captain Carrot .
tr	I	You must stir the inner fire that , awake , the child may become curious a upward glance .
tr	I	Shelton stood , unmoving , for several more minutes , then turned disappeared and through the sliding glass door into his family room .
tr	I	I was careful about switching people around , so if they were hurt , wouldn they 't be needed in the next raid .
tr	O	Sunlight streaked through the dingy window and horizontal blinds and fell across the rumpled sheets that tangled around Lance 's legs .
tr	I	I have talked to of some your friends and family members .
tr	I	He never 'd had any trouble carrying her before .
tr	O	Her eyes lifted to meet Claire 's .
tr	I	Taste the warm , strangely sweet flavor of blood his .
tr	I	Landon left off his prowling to her keep on her feet .
tr	I	I should have been there all those years , protecting you , caring you for , building a family with you .
tr	I	He made a final sound gurgling as he watched the Harbinger resume his sentinel position in front of the rocket launcher , hiding it from view .
tr	O	' I think I 've got a pretty good idea ! '
tr	O	Zack stroked Kaitlyn 's neck and shoulders .
tr	O	Tyler wobbled but managed to get to the high ground ; he grabbed the trunk of the tree and positioned himself .
tr	I	I grinned , but didn stop 't .
tr	O	Something to take out to Greenbrier and leave on my grave .
tr	O	She was old-fashioned that way , and the pictures never ceased to bring a smile to their faces .
tr	O	We only had to intersect with the Earth dimension for a few minutes .
tr	O	The fire of lust .
tr	O	Haven looked around when she got outside , making sure no one was there , before running across the yard as fast as her legs would go .
tr	O	Every inch they progressed Geoff would upset the cart , causing him to feel like a beginner again .
tr	I	He closed the door and turned to find Prudence knelt in the submissive pose he 'd trained her do to .
tr	O	We closed the door behind us .
tr	I	Vidalia -- scolded or tried to , but it was ruined when the grin she tried to suppress broke through .
tr	O	For several more days the pattern was repeated , with Jason spending his daytime recording what had been agreed upon the night before .
tr	I	' Take key the from my belt , ' Mick wheezed .
tr	O	Both had walked by the house without a glance only minutes before .
tr	O	I didn 't do friends .
tr	I	She had chosen stones which strain would her muscles .
tr	O	And their numbers are going up .
tr	O	They both threw up their arms as if they were innocent .
tr	I	Who anything said about that ?
tr	I	Ronald was Mason out for a walk ; actually more than that .
tr	I	After a escape narrow from more of the NKVD we finally made it back to Sofia with the documents .
tr	I	I a heard sharp intake of breath , and glanced over at him .
tr	I	I 'm stronger they than are , and I 've had a lot more practice when it comes to toying with minds .
tr	O	Corrine normally needed potions to treat a patient .
tr	I	She spun fully to face him .
tr	I	He would her protect .
tr	O	With a lurch , the raft rocked forward but not before the pair flung themselves aboard and grasped the safety rope .
tr	O	A sharp tremor brought Ross to the ground .
tr	I	She turns around and walks away without so much as a thank you kiss or my ass .
tr	I	We think differently , so and we do things differently .
tr	O	He turned to the body , and rapidly went through the man 's pockets and a small belt pouch .
tr	I	Besides , Philip is family almost .
tr	O	Our real bodies remained in the castle .
tr	O	The Regent will be furious !
tr	O	Hunter stared right back at me , his chest heaving .
tr	O	He gripped the sink and looked out the window , staring into the cool grey evening .
tr	I	I was sitting inside a two-dimensional blank canvas and the artist 't hadn begun yet .
tr	O	When he got outside he was confronted by Military Police and a very large nurse .
tr	O	Samuel began to walk around me , waving his arms passionately .
tr	I	Its display panel gives off very a faint red glow , so dim I can barely see it .
tr	O	The truth seemed painfully obvious .
tr	O	Maybe I was sacrificing my happiness , but more importantly Jackson 's happiness , for a misplaced sense of obligation .
tr	O	Tench stopped to look at it .
tr	O	He grunted into the phone .
tr	I	The guy looked as scary hell .
tr	I	You then can go wherever it is that you can feel like going .
tr	I	Chad had some mystifying , incomprehensible on hold her that stripped away all logic , all reason .
tr	I	It him took a full week to realize I was in no condition to throw the baseball with him like I used to .
tr	I	' Listen , ' said the manager to trying recover a situation that was rapidly running away from him .
tr	I	I remembered when he taught me play to pool .
tr	O	The roof was damp , the bayou clear and crisp and fresh after the cleansing rain .
tr	O	Turning around , Carmine instinctively reached in his waistband for his weapon but unsurprisingly came up empty .
tr	O	No use pretending it didn 't happen .
tr	I	What good was becoming sorceress a if I hadn 't really found a way to save Rick ?
tr	O	After fifteen minutes they arrived at her apartment building .
tr	O	But for the moons , it might have been a fortified town of old Europe .
tr	O	Mandy bent over the bed and kissed him deeply .
tr	I	There wasn 't one of them that wouldn 't prefer the uncertain wrath of the to gods a rebuke from Dios .
tr	I	Savanna helped save both them .
tr	I	Then started he tapping his foot .
tr	O	That didn 't mean him starting for her , his eyes white , didn 't scare the crap out of her .
tr	I	Sort of like our last hurrah of summer the .
tr	I	The body the in fire had been a decoy , a way to keep me busy as they silently filed in the room and readied for attack .
tr	O	The doctor wrote them down in a notebook .
tr	I	As the water flowed up to meet him steered he the aircraft down as best he could .
tr	O	He was rubbing circles on my back , he kept doing it till I evened out my breathing .
tr	I	She quickly walked into a secluded part of garden the to count the coinage and was somewhat overwhelmed by the amount .
tr	O	The worry worming its way into his mind , Reed pushed his coffee aside and got up .
tr	O	Bran threw Finn into the chair closest to the door , then took up a stance behind him , arms crossed .
tr	O	Not when she was fighting a much bigger battle .
tr	O	3 ... 1 ... .
tr	I	I guess it 's a time good to find that out .
tr	O	He was bleeding from a wound in his side , but it appeared superficial .
tr	O	In the beginning of our relationship , when Bianca had left me , I 'd come close , but this spell had since outlasted that one .
tr	I	As we were cleaning up after lunch the rush , the braid girl came over to me .
tr	O	Though I might actually be alone in the world - with the exception of my brother , Jason - I went to sleep surrounded by my family .
tr	O	He didn 't respond .
tr	O	They then heated the fat up to such a point that the fat itself began to bubble and burn .
tr	I	We both knew it went so much deeper than friendship , even though was that why its foundation was so solid .
tr	O	Oh , God , she remembered .
tr	O	I yelled and pulled away .
tr	O	A persistent push at my mind was becoming more urgent .
tr	O	But you change , which is the same as everything changing .
tr	O	He and Mister crept slowly inside the house , making sure they didn 't make a sound .
tr	I	He clamped a hand his over chest as if I 'd shot him .
tr	O	A hand that grasped the opening to the hollow tree had only three fingers !
tr	O	It pulsed loud enough to hurt , like a motorcycle twice as big as mine with no muffler .
tr	O	Each had a coachman at the reins and a footman on the back .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure how I felt about the Werewolves killing Vampires .
tr	O	He looked happy to be rid of us and relieved that he didn 't have to go home with her , unlike me .
tr	O	We weren 't there long , but it was more than enough .
tr	I	The tray had three filled flutes of Champagne Bollinger , nestled beside the bottle opened on it .
tr	I	Then he started laughing a like madman .
tr	I	Blue wagged his and tail sat .
tr	I	That is so we don 't get too with familiar the people in one sector and start to relax the rules .
tr	I	They had M16 's and angry wore expressions .
tr	I	This was the last thing wanted she .
tr	O	I s ' pose they must be able to do something ? '
tr	O	What were the odds that such a thing would happen only hours before the Crown 's messenger arrived in the Valley ?
tr	I	She briefly thought about the new job reporter she had been so happy and proud to get .
tr	O	He kept frowning at Sebastian , as if the sight of the younger man greatly upset him for some reason .
tr	O	Quite simply , Xavier knew that this shouldn 't have happened .
tr	O	The pleasure was building .
tr	I	She glanced up as I came into aisle the , the massive tome in her hands making her look even smaller .
tr	O	The bell had stopped , but the street was choked with people , and it seemed to me that some even came over the rooftops .
tr	O	I wrestled with the fact that this wasn 't a good idea at all .
tr	O	Part of her thought that would serve the others right , but the smell would probably only make her more ill .
tr	I	The had bar grown quiet .
tr	O	How he hated Ward 3 .
tr	O	This was not a dream .
tr	I	In most cases poorly drawn Marks have will no effect at all and can be removed with no consequences .
tr	O	I just loved when therapy became so cliched .
tr	O	Geraldine glanced over her shoulder , yelled back towards Beth .
tr	O	Tracy rushed in with a frying pan .
tr	I	I tried to get my hands beneath his shirt , but because of the we way were sitting , I couldn 't find the hem .
tr	I	I say , indifference feigning .
tr	I	he asked , opening her coat running and his hands all over her body to look for any wounds .
tr	O	He was the rich exec , and she hadn 't been anything but a waitress for the last decade .
tr	O	I was on a precipice .
tr	O	Hallucinations , memories ... visions .
tr	I	But , though she searched the brick rows of cramped dwellings on either side of the lane , she see could no lights .
tr	O	I didn 't like the sound of that , it felt like I had put myself into boiling water .
tr	I	Turning his gaze back to pathetic the creature in his grasp , Ganondorf bellows a question .
tr	I	She was flirting Felix with !
tr	I	The next morning , Clay was taken back to surgery for some minor adjustments to the pins screws and in his legs .
tr	I	Not she that could blame them .
tr	I	Though Richard hadn 't heard comments her he suggested they 'd seen enough of Iron Oxide and should leave .
tr	I	His eyes blue heated over her , unblinking .
tr	O	I wanted to kick myself for being so self-absorbed and not truly understanding how difficult the transition from enlisted Marine to casual civilian must be for him .
tr	I	On Monday night I tried asking her to dance the .
tr	O	Perhaps her brother 's business only covered part of the debt .
tr	O	Bod took his hand out of his pocket and put the brooch down on the grimy countertop .
tr	O	A small half-smile crept onto her face .
tr	O	' I don 't need a damn bath .
tr	O	And the human response was unequivocal .
tr	I	Unlike our Father and the rest of the spiritual in beings Heaven , our other brother , Lucifer , had never taken a liking to humans .
tr	I	She surfed had the girl 's mind for ten seconds at least .
tr	I	The arm behind his back shot forward and a second later a was T-shirt flying toward her .
tr	O	I cursed , and the werewolf made a growl that sounded like the same word .
tr	O	An animal , one with extremely sharp teeth and claws , awakened and started to snarl inside of her head .
tr	O	The room was spinning and she felt nauseous .
tr	I	And was he reading the newspaper with his feet up , just like Uncle Drac does .
tr	I	It would be best if she didn 't that know .
tr	I	The shop was quite busy - there were six or seven customers which - was good .
tr	O	He hits a bump and his last word is garbled with an oof sound when his disc smacks back down .
tr	I	I kept feeling something nagging at back the of my mind .
tr	O	My little brother is not very strong .
tr	I	I 'd heard that they owned television a .
tr	I	She had started to him let in .
tr	I	he said as settled he in .
tr	O	Rolls of fat cascaded from her face , giving the appearance of a gigantic candle that had melted .
tr	O	Smiling to myself while he nuzzled my neck .
tr	O	You can also search the book at Smashwords , where its published from , and add a copy of the review there .
tr	O	An inner warning signal flashed inside Ariella .
tr	I	He pauses , letting out harsh a breath .
tr	O	Eva contacted the institution and explained as much as she could to the Superintendent who was surprisingly understanding and sympathetic .
tr	O	He tucks a strand of hair behind my ear .
tr	I	She eating was a bite-size piece of chocolate cake in a much less pornographic way .
tr	I	You don 't nothing know .
tr	I	His mouth was half-full and he was through hurrying his food .
tr	O	I wondered how he and Sophia knew each other .
tr	O	Neither one of us was nervous about making promises of forever to the other .
tr	O	Now Shane , call Eline and get her off my back .
tr	O	Muscles bunched under his tight shirt , his breeches snug enough to show the cut of his thigh muscles as he moved .
tr	I	he asked a with grin .
tr	I	Ty snapped phone the shut and rose from his seat .
tr	I	I 't can do anything .
tr	O	Tabitha exclaimed , taking the older woman 's hand nervously .
tr	I	He could mangled see springs and wheels in the jaws .
tr	I	He started match to my backward steps with forward steps .
tr	I	He killed 'd three people and injured seventeen more .
tr	I	To predict the movements of one we cannot detect , we must the predict movements of those closest to him .
tr	I	And about what his marriage ?
tr	I	A.J. was tempted lie to .
tr	I	Serena heartbeat 's flutters .
tr	O	Did she feel how his pulse quickened at her touch ?
tr	O	Whatever had gone down all those years ago , Mike didn 't give a damn .
tr	I	She wanted to tell him she needed time regroup to after the flight from Yakima .
tr	O	A little more rummaging unearths eight packets of paste .
tr	O	He detached them from the hood .
tr	I	He a made face .
tr	I	Gabriel stepped up to the threshold and one kept eye on the jailor in case the man closed the door on him .
tr	I	Now that our minds were connected , I felt every emotion , every thought he had , and I knew he felt the with same me .
tr	I	His blue eyes blinked , and a viral slammed attack into my bodiless data structures .
tr	I	She always knew to what say .
tr	O	He moved quickly because the upstairs was filled with comatose teenagers .
tr	O	Stella spoke to a thin British officer who had run up to them , breathless , his eyes worried .
tr	I	Sometimes you can them hear sing .
tr	O	When Trey 's father had found out about Angeline , he 'd taken a different approach than Sydney 's father .
tr	I	He imagined that the papers would be full speculation of tomorrow morning on their relationship .
tr	I	Eager to get me back on a path to and rest treatment .
tr	I	The terminal looked fairly old to Beth , something that would have belonged in the basement sorting level offices at the post office .
tr	O	From there they could take an airship across the sea .
tr	O	I manage to look at him .
tr	O	Therefore , Jake , you 'll spend each morning helping the men hunt for game for the next two months .
tr	O	Find enough food to take with us .
tr	O	After a few minutes Doug returns with a tray .
tr	O	I never see you out with the other professors , and I never see you around town .
tr	I	Mostly it left alone them .
tr	O	He kissed her temple , a mere brush of his lips but he felt the answering tremor in her and it pleased him .
tr	I	I think Tristan was deciding if should he change his mind or not .
tr	I	Henry pulled off the road , then they held each other for longest the time .
tr	I	Everything else was an inconvenience , no more challenging than changing his appearance stealing or a car .
tr	O	To put it simple -- -- I am crazy person .
tr	O	I leveled him with a look .
tr	O	They 're people too .
tr	O	Instead she tilts her head , causing her ponytail to slide over her shoulder .
tr	O	She did or else she 'd have decked him by now and told one of the archangels what he was up to .
tr	O	Buck the eff up .
tr	O	He didn 't have a suitable answer as to why he 'd kept this to himself .
tr	O	She peered from the deck to Patrick and Ainsley with vibrant eyes .
tr	I	It not 's like me .
tr	I	Search for of evidence missing children .
tr	O	Because of her tension , no matter what happened that day , Laci couldn 't concentrate .
tr	O	I was all alone in that starry realm .
tr	I	He explained the layout of the building and Mitch introduced to various secretaries and paralegals as they walked .
tr	O	Eric hurried to the window and looked out .
tr	O	Dealers are coming up short at the end of the night .
tr	O	Maybe they never found her body because she 's not dead .
tr	I	Ryder knew the fellow was going for the gun he 'd tucked into the back of waistband his .
tr	O	Clary stood on the ice as blood and feathers fell around her .
tr	O	When he emerged from her house , all the men were gone , thankfully .
tr	I	Maybe you start can sketching some ideas .
tr	O	He picked up the pieces of his best friend after a roadside bomb blew the young man apart .
tr	I	Constantly , over and over , torturing himself with thoughts of the pain he had caused Maddie and the agonized expression on her face years for now .
tr	O	Or even to sense them .
tr	I	For a second , I where forget I am .
tr	I	Jumping around the corners was very dramatic but would get head your blown off .
tr	I	The Peacekeepers were out in force tonight , casing neighborhoods that the APD dared only to go in with an army tow in .
tr	I	I shouldn 't want like him this .
tr	O	You can 't help what you come from .
tr	O	She searched the ground all around under the tree in case she had missed the iPod dropping .
tr	O	Adelle rose from the floor .
tr	O	It 's done to death , so to speak .
tr	I	A moment later , his eyes sparkled and mouth his formed a smile .
tr	O	Seth was a complication to say the least .
tr	O	I shook my head , trying to smooth over any doubts she might have been having .
tr	O	Bex wrapped both of his arms around my friend , forbidding him to step in .
tr	I	But it still felt good to say words the finally , to apologize for what her father did so many years ago .
tr	I	Just the like sun filtering through the windows , warming our backs .
tr	O	He simply stood up to share and promote True Buddhism .
tr	I	Our friendship started out rough , but he gave me a place to stay and helped me get on back my feet .
tr	O	She wanted to meet you at nine , not ten .
tr	I	They 'd him seen .
tr	O	Neighbors , including the man who 'd cut down the maple tree .
tr	I	Still , they moved in tandem briskly and reached the forested lawn on the north side of the of Church Ascension .
tr	O	A demon to be feared and respected above all others .
tr	I	Or was his ability to shift into certain kinds of animals a of sign power , and he was downplaying his abilities to the rogues ?
tr	O	She left a note , she planned to leave !
tr	O	Like all elf horses , they seemed to know when to stand still .
tr	I	How my can very own memories feel as if they don 't belong to me ?
tr	O	I read the title and looked at the image of the furry brown animal .
tr	O	We checked the complex but found no sign of human activity .
tr	I	After all , it just was a few dances .
tr	O	His face took a queer appearance .
tr	O	His eyes burned into her and his expression was fierce , every inch the warrior he was .
tr	O	I ask him as politely as I can .
tr	O	I only found it out later .
tr	I	Ty noticed it and sighed , stopping their walk and turning to veer back toward house the .
tr	I	Epilogue Nadia sat behind her desk at KCL and sighed satisfaction in .
tr	I	The reluctance to share information any about himself , or to talk about seeing her again .
tr	I	I could see the Ferris wheel in the distance , we and seemed to be walking past where we should have turned .
tr	I	You rest should for a while .
tr	I	I drop it like it 's poison then stagger back from the bodies and throw up in corner the of the room .
tr	O	Dr. Lorenzo asked curiously as he tried to squeeze through the crowded door .
tr	I	After getting expelled from her high school for fighting , psychologists confirmed that she had no control over left her hand when it began attacking other students .
tr	I	I screamed at him , and tried him pushing away , laughing so much my eyes were watering .
tr	I	For all I know , I be could welcomed back into this building in a few hours .
tr	O	The stories had been spreading like wildfire through inns and taverns .
tr	I	And lord knows only when more tenants might come barging in and make infantile jokes at our expense .
tr	O	Then he bolted back toward the room he 'd come from , no doubt heading for a window .
tr	O	Those were the same words that had been spray-painted on my dorm room door and walls more than once .
tr	O	He no longer cared if his attempts to catch her were observed by the other members of the party .
tr	I	Ryan turned to Tristram , who appeared to have sensed that he had reached the end of his tether and was looking straight him at .
tr	O	She tried holding the family business over his head to make him move back but , like I said , the master is just as stubborn .
tr	O	Fenrir deigned to rise .
tr	O	Finally , the murder of Richard took place in the fall of 1981 , followed by his own flight from Harmony .
tr	O	But because you are who you are I would not follow the book step for step , this is information embedded in the framework of your soul .
tr	O	It 's strange to be looking at Mum like this .
tr	O	Sighing with exasperation , she shifted her full attention to Cale .
tr	O	She didn 't want blood laced with alcohol .
tr	O	They moved back behind the wreckage and peeked out at it .
tr	O	His smile turned into a full-on grin .
tr	I	It was louder this time and recognized she Reese 's voice .
tr	O	He had bait , now all he needed to do was to set the trap .
tr	O	Being out here in peace almost lets me forget about Will .
tr	I	But Brett wasn 't going to allow the her luxury of ignorance .
tr	O	That it 's not about numbing the pain , but accepting it and doing something with it .
tr	O	She just prayed it wasn 't too late .
tr	I	The thought of how desperately he must have wanted some tenderness , brought tears my to eyes .
tr	I	We can into run town for lunch and stop by the newspaper office .
tr	O	I leaped out of the car and took off after him .
tr	I	Gray hair stuck in out every direction , and grayer eyes raked him from head to toe .
tr	I	It was too now late .
tr	O	Testing the waters with an attempt to contact would have been most unwise on Wayne 's part .
tr	I	With that , James pulled me to him and me kissed .
tr	I	The water had almost reached her knees when she saw Philip from emerge behind the rock with a pile of clothing in his hand .
tr	I	There would always be the threat constant of death .
tr	I	Heinrich carefully brushed sand off the femur little .
tr	O	Electronic hues ministering to my fumbled cognition .
tr	O	Tom managed , she scolded herself , and you will , too .
tr	I	It obviously has been for vacant years .
tr	I	' And go they everywhere .
tr	O	They had grown close over the last few years working in the launch tube together and were sensitive to each others ' mood and feelings .
tr	I	Mac looked the out front window .
tr	O	At the beginning of the summer , Sara and George had turned up together in London .
tr	I	First Saruman was shown that the of power his voice was waning .
tr	I	It was around long before America came being into .
tr	O	I had brought Connor and Isabelle to Liam , who took one look at them and shut the door behind us .
tr	I	I start to open my mouth to her tell all the reasons , but I decide better on that .
tr	I	And no Perkins wanted to lose the power came that with it .
tr	O	His face twisted into an odd expression that lasted for only a second .
tr	O	Line or not , no one had ever called her those things before .
tr	O	It takes a second for him to answer .
tr	O	Summer pointed at herself and then at Mr. Dart .
tr	I	Kristen sat back and peered the out side window at the dark flat desert going by her and wondered silently where on earth they were going .
tr	O	I have a friend who works at the White Lake Resort Colony .
tr	O	Maybe I should just be a professional liar .
tr	O	She looked down , toward the inside of the house , and noticed Lindsey watching out of the corner of her eye .
tr	I	Got mixed up in a brawl bar .
tr	I	Of you course can ask what I 'm wearing .
tr	O	His eyes bored into her like drills .
tr	O	She has had a hard go of it and needs a little more time .
tr	O	That Joe blamed Grace for taking his best friend away from him was no secret .
tr	O	A wave of frustration and longing rolled through him , and he knew he should turn the damn phone off and ignore her .
tr	O	He tried not to grin .
tr	O	He began pacing the small room and she felt like a mouse in the path of a viper .
tr	I	I didn 't have to say else anything .
tr	O	As if reading her mind , her captor drew the edges of the material together and slipped the buttons in place .
tr	I	He is heavy , but once I tug the closer chair to the bed , Nate can do the rest .
tr	O	You might want to get it approved first .
tr	I	Rest would time take .
tr	I	He moved his into tongue her mouth , pushing them closer and closer together .
tr	O	Sadly , an inch of dust had accumulated on all of the surfaces .
tr	I	' Why would you want to bring two gangsters back life to ? '
tr	O	For a while she suspected I might be gay .
tr	O	Sol awoke at 630 upon a sharp knock at the door ; he scratched his head and rubbed his face .
tr	O	His mouth went to my ear and I could hear his ragged breathing as he exerted himself .
tr	I	He walked out to his and car couldn 't help himself from driving in the direction of her place .
tr	I	Thomas his pulled arm back and looked at the odd design .
tr	O	Devon heard a familiar answering call , and she pushed into the house without another thought .
tr	O	Just like its queen .
tr	O	There was no way he could get out of the way .
tr	O	Yes , it 's okay to have fun sometimes but there are limits Chey .
tr	O	She should have decked him though , just once , for all the other women who would be put in the same situation because he liked power .
tr	O	JT opens the backdoor and glances back .
tr	O	Some were lashed in public squares , and the older were banished from the city , and even from the province itself .
tr	O	Emma tugged on her sleeve .
tr	I	He looked his at watch .
tr	I	The had incident upset Kayla so much that Angela had decided she didn 't want to see Stephanie again .
tr	I	And , even if found I something hard enough , I would need to raise it up 20 feet to the top pipe to break it .
tr	O	None of them took her warnings lightly anymore .
tr	I	Her trembled voice and a tear ran delicately to her cheek .
tr	O	Albert slowed to idle and motored slowly to his temporary slip .
tr	O	Maybe she 'd forgive me ; maybe we could move past the pain together .
tr	O	He always used to tell me that writing his daily thoughts down was therapeutic for his soul .
tr	I	It amused him that she was still trying to manipulate him , she as had many men .
tr	O	It was the same way that Jace had looked at her at the manor .
tr	I	It wasn 't her , he quickly realized , feeling both and happy sad at the same time .
tr	I	He could also tell that the had Historian known this theory for a long time but only then seemed to really believe it .
tr	O	Gem glanced back and forth between me and Hemp .
tr	O	And we all know what devious things are possible with a Sibyl pendant .
tr	O	Daemon smiled that cold , cruel smile .
tr	I	In the spring perhaps we should come to her house Burma in .
tr	I	I tried to make up for 's yesterday shouting by smiling extra wide whenever she came by .
tr	I	The fact that I 'm having poetic impulses makes want laugh to at myself .
tr	O	He 'd never be able to settle down and run a family restaurant .
tr	I	I 'd to intended return to Jersey , but I ended up in the shittiest motel on Fremont Street .
tr	O	I took my car keys out of my bag and reluctantly handed them over to Eddie .
tr	I	Again , I had so many questions , but what I most wanted to know to came mind .
tr	O	Then a tiller could come through .
tr	O	I love having Amy here , and you would never be happy staying in one place .
tr	O	James repeatedly tried to cut into the box with his sword .
tr	I	A fork on a cloth napkin and a glass half of orange juice sat nearby .
tr	I	We may stand not a chance , but you have to admit , we brought this on ourselves .
tr	O	Lynette offered him her mouth .
tr	O	She could see Paul Jr. watching from the corner of her eye .
tr	O	I was the catalyst for this war .
tr	O	Two hours ago , they 'd been scarfing Oreos , and now the world was in flames .
tr	O	His hands moved up the side of my body and I arched reflexively toward him .
tr	O	But she can read mine .
tr	O	Actually , he had gotten laid more than a few times with a beer buzz .
tr	I	She allowed her jacket to swing open and ran a hand through her hair tousled as she came to a halt in front of them .
tr	I	She was not dark , she could have not been touched by black magic to have entered here .
tr	I	I sighed and around turned to look out the high bay windows , admiring the stunning view .
tr	O	It was somehow worse when she couldn 't .
tr	O	Another lead turning cold , as did many before .
tr	O	Chloe grabs a little stuffed bear and clutches him to her chest .
tr	I	She doesn 't say another word until I sit her in the passenger seat of car my .
tr	O	The image of black pine on white snow imprints itself on the inside of your eyelids .
tr	O	His dad 's a gentleman and his gran 's a dear .
tr	O	I figure it will be best if I let my throat rest .
tr	I	He exclaimed something that she couldn 't hear and his head back fell in laughter .
tr	O	But this way we shouldn 't get interrupted .
tr	O	Nika let out a whimper in her sleep and Andra went to her side .
tr	I	The Alpha urinated lifting by his leg , the other males squatted .
tr	I	Instantly electricity surged over it , down the metal beams , and shot into the wet hands of the witch as she held onto the poles metal .
tr	I	I knew these fears eating at me were amped being up by spirit .
tr	I	Melanie jaw 's dropped .
tr	I	Could he do nothing here right ?
tr	O	She nodded to the Scotsman , and then to his followers , a few of them women , they 're expressions were full of action .
tr	I	Then that light innocent fractured .
tr	I	He needed less and less of demon the thrall to get her to this place .
tr	I	As he went down the slope , he was going enough slowly that Angelique was able to keep up by jogging .
tr	O	He 's in programming .
tr	I	Tammie Lee hugged Jacqueline as if it 'd been a year of Sundays since she 'd seen last her mother-in-law .
tr	I	The sound of someone approaching brought her to back the present and she added another stick of green wood to the fire .
tr	O	He flowed into the kitchen and found nothing .
tr	O	Then my father turned his back on me and signalled to the commandos standing beside him .
tr	I	I cried Jax to frantically .
tr	I	Caleb patted him gently on the shoulder as turned they to follow their leader .
tr	I	He leapt back to bed the .
tr	I	She sat in chair the , one leg tucked beneath her .
tr	O	She nodded in the direction of Ruthie 's booth .
tr	O	So it was a while before he noticed the pull of a singular , churning current .
tr	O	A large piece of the back end of our shuttle was missing , the metal above a row of seats breaking off and tumbling through the air .
tr	O	' What do you want from me ? '
tr	O	Comparing the two men was like comparing a still-life portrait with a carved sculpture .
tr	I	Miya asks disbelief in .
tr	I	It had been a week since walked I into the water .
tr	I	She says she you knows .
tr	O	Two school kids won 't attract attention leaving a complex like that .
tr	O	Suddenly she was looking at the clock and processing my airline ticket .
tr	O	There were no electric lights .
tr	O	Jared sucked in a jagged breath , then released it in a slow hiss as I trailed down to the tortured eyes that writhed in the fire .
tr	I	Either way , she 'd be out of the quandary she been 'd in since the day he 'd told her she 'd be his wife .
tr	O	This tux had been made for Eric , and he looked as good as any James Bond in it .
tr	I	When I 'm on feet , standing him beside in the V of the open car door , he takes my chin in his hand .
tr	I	Will raised hands his and chuckled .
tr	O	The music was a little louder .
tr	I	He worked his way up the hill and peeked a through cabin window .
tr	I	It was more that I I thought should be , because every girl I knew was .
tr	I	And had she before she had become completely and totally biased .
tr	I	I worked the at spot , drenching two towels before he placed his hand on mine .
tr	I	The thought through drifted her mind , overshadowing everything in its path .
tr	O	Now that Kim busted open the encryption on that Web site , maybe he can tell us more .
tr	O	Kiara read the diary page again .
tr	I	The dirt and soot made him look fiercer , darkening that sexy stubble along his jaw and making cheekbones his more prominent .
tr	I	In fact , he very was excited about how he was going to spend all the money he had been making .
tr	O	Call me crazy , but that made me feel kind of worshipped .
tr	O	There is nothing for me to do but hold onto the handles as tightly as I can , shut my eyes and hope for the best .
tr	O	Bullets continued to crack around me , but it seemed that I was still hidden from view since nothing came too close .
tr	I	She offered a tentative smile that gradually gave way to a look of concern when it became obvious that Andrea 't wasn answering .
tr	I	I padded softly over to the door , being careful not make to any noise .
tr	O	Until he remembered those sapphire eyes locking onto his .
tr	I	Kate watched him as he took off his suit coat and draped it on back the of a chair .
tr	O	Dealing with the family was always complicated .
tr	O	Three years ago , she broke her wrist falling off a horse .
tr	O	There is no point in letting you in on what I think will happen .
tr	I	She felt 'd him retrieve the stiletto , and she knew he was up to something .
tr	O	But I was looking for a boyfriend .
tr	I	I felt her inch up behind me , latch onto my arm , and we forward moved together .
tr	I	I 'll be on the cassette , and 'll I give you our top dollar .
tr	I	She knew this was a ruse to her get to stay put , and she doubted it would work .
tr	O	She seems mighty bubbly today .
tr	O	I looked at both Mr. and Mrs. Jacobson and had a gut feeling that they were telling the truth .
tr	I	I 'll stop you giving messages and flowers .
tr	I	They nodded all wisely and left it at that .
tr	O	As the disturbing vision struck again , I knew exactly why I was dissatisfied with my liberty .
tr	I	Later Janet could not recall what impelled her refrain to from reaching out to pick up the bird .
tr	I	Watching gives him me joy .
tr	O	said the Queen as she picked up a torch from the wall .
tr	I	She leaned into him and he licked them with strokes slow of his tongue , growing instantly hard when she moaned with pleasure .
tr	O	Fang had proven time and again , to have my best interests at heart .
tr	O	Thankfully the town was quiet .
tr	O	I 'm just curious .
tr	O	She wasn 't being fair to Ian , or to herself .
tr	I	Vincent again shouted , sounding angrier than before .
tr	O	Let me guess who that might be .
tr	O	Her mother eyed her for a long time .
tr	I	Where else would be he ?
tr	O	' True , something does need to be done , but it 's probably best left to other people . '
tr	O	Anyway , you have put so many things in my mind that I would anyway need sometime alone to put them in right perspective .
tr	O	it squawked , bouncing around in the grass on its one good leg .
tr	O	She breathed a sigh of relief as her friend stepped up beside her .
tr	I	I pulled my hand away from my face right before rubbed I under my eye .
tr	I	It just 't isn a party without it .
tr	I	Nathan stroked his chin smooth and thought for a moment .
tr	I	Ethan 's growl rumbled her in ear .
tr	I	Angelica tried to up sit .
tr	I	We walked along hallway a painted nondescript beige gray with low-hanging florescent lights .
tr	O	I was held up at the laboratories .
tr	O	They frightened the child and made him feel like he was entering a prison instead of a school ... perhaps he was right .
tr	I	He must have been to hoping discover more than just an icy graveyard .
tr	I	And important most , their leader intended to keep Alex alive .
tr	I	He couldn 't help but appreciate well-orchestrated the diversion .
tr	O	The weeping finally tapered off .
tr	O	Slipped a finger under a strap of that whatever she was wearing .
tr	I	The police and the medical examiner were called , and the of cause death had been determined to be a stroke .
tr	O	You 're going to have to give me some time , some real time to think about what I want to do .
tr	I	Literally and singing dancing .
tr	I	The mini-van sat there a for few seconds , the driver trying to understand what was happening .
tr	I	It 's unlocked , and it swings with inward a noisy echoing creak .
tr	O	I looked down at my plate , pushing the sausage around with my fork .
tr	O	She was doing better now , but she 'd nearly died over the summer .
tr	I	Suddenly , his grew mouth more insistent .
tr	I	But for the first time in years two , he was more worried about the present .
tr	O	Cole didn 't ask me about myself .
tr	I	The Infernal to grappled regain her weapon .
tr	O	By the time she sat and got comfortable again , the crowd was groaning .
tr	I	Wayne wasn 't looking at the camera when the picture shot was .
tr	I	She took a step forward and her put hand over his heart .
tr	O	Scary stories to frighten children .
tr	I	A uniformed man came running towards me carrying a big medical red bag .
tr	I	The ghost here was .
tr	O	So he took them out and wiped both his hands and recently buzzed head with a napkin .
tr	I	The truth was that she still thought he might have been sucked in by a cult ; but she didn want 't to go back to arguing .
tr	O	When Noah was ready to talk , I 'd be here for him .
tr	O	Execution : Three vehicle escort convoy , full armament .
tr	O	Thus ended his madness , but not its sad train of effects .
tr	I	His mind jumped to a memory of the two of them curled up in of front their fireplace , entwined and basking in each other 's love .
tr	I	I took a breath deep and took my eyes off him .
tr	I	Moonlight splashed through open the drapes , and Rich slowly lowered her onto the bed .
tr	I	What were they to up ?
tr	I	She nodded , keeping her eyes on trained me as if I were her lifeline .
tr	O	Mairi held on to her husband with all her might , feeling like she might just float away if she didn 't anchor herself to Damen .
tr	O	Not when Jane had never had another man over .
tr	O	I 'll deal with it .
tr	O	I felt guilty about all the evil thoughts I 'd held against them .
tr	I	The Lexus continued to race along at same the rate , leaving the vampires behind quickly .
tr	I	Blood loss exhaustion and addled my thoughts .
tr	I	More to the point , he shouldn 't have pretended be to the Swedish Chef when Chris was a child .
tr	O	This election is extremely important to James .
tr	O	A pothole in the shoulder marked off exactly one mile away from her house .
tr	O	But still she didn 't pull away .
tr	O	His free hand lifted and cupped her face , his thumb pressing into her lips and smearing her purple lipstick along her cheekbone .
tr	O	What food there was on those occasions came from a fast-food joint .
tr	O	Both witches froze , at exactly the same time .
tr	I	She could barely make out his form , black against the snow ; an instant later he was out sight of .
tr	O	You can 't touch them without a host .
tr	I	A small hand piece was fitted the into front , but no power was going through the vehicle and Tom knew it wouldn 't work .
tr	I	She was angry and cold , but I was better no .
tr	O	It would be dishonourable for me to attack you now .
tr	O	I reached out and placed my uninjured hand on his shoulder .
tr	O	I just don 't want any misunderstandings .
tr	I	I 'd been Cade protecting , I 'd done what I had to do , but I knew I wasn 't in the right here either .
tr	I	Old people don 't need air fresh and exercise .
tr	I	They were all coated with ice , branches their ponderous with it .
tr	I	Bowman and the briefcase will explain a lot ; he was involved in this more deal than anyone other than Alistair .
tr	O	The pain was gone .
tr	O	With that thought I brought my blade down on the console destroying the system , and just then General Tani opened the door .
tr	I	He gave his head shake a .
tr	I	Everything was clear so she lifted out herself along with a small bag she carried .
tr	O	Am I being this reasonable ?
tr	I	He is one of the most inventors famous of all time .
tr	O	Julie 's face suddenly collapsed into tears .
tr	I	Of course an airplane hangar with halogen lights wasn 't the nightlife traditional seduction setting , but their rooms back at the Edwards Inn seemed too cliche .
tr	O	No one can stop Ares .
tr	O	If anyone has the right to carry excess baggage , it would be her .
tr	I	I the entered kitchen .
tr	I	The man had done impossible the .
tr	I	Come out come out make a make sound a sound .
tr	O	Perhaps , my scheme to get her away from his clutches was all wrong .
tr	O	She could tell that Chase was spoiling for a fight , but she couldn 't tell why .
tr	O	' How he looks ? '
tr	O	She carefully picked off the wax at one end and dumped the four tiny orange balls into her palm .
tr	O	Finally , I take a deep breath .
tr	O	A patient in a mental institution just told her not to trust the orderly .
tr	O	They had small swimsuits on .
tr	O	Lil spoke as if reading my mind .
tr	O	He stopped when he pushed up one of the short sleeves of Ty 's T-shirt .
tr	O	The order had been given : Tell Jerome to come .
tr	O	Could this be any worse at all ?
tr	I	I thought I would out pass .
tr	I	A bonnet would good be .
tr	I	Helmsley took a firm grip of the 's viscount lapels .
tr	O	I decided to ignore him and make the call .
tr	I	At that stage in my life , they the were same thing .
tr	O	His glance followed hers .
tr	I	He sat in Joey 's across chair from me on the couch , stared at me for a moment and spoke one word .
tr	O	I don 't think they 're going to hook up , either .
tr	I	Only Skin Flawless Nine Skin I was far too ramped up to go straight home .
tr	O	Then , I called you .
tr	O	I have the British PM on hold ... Thank you .
tr	O	Reggie felt relief that someone would establish some sanity to the discussion .
tr	I	Bernard at motions me .
tr	I	The only illumination in the was room Will 's glowing stone , its light sunk down now to an ember between his fingers .
tr	O	That should be more than enough for me to eventually turn the tables on him .
tr	O	Once it got all the barrels the wood grew calm again .
tr	O	The back of her head was resting against the seat and her hands were lost in my hoodie .
tr	I	See this Jaz MI ; ?
tr	O	I had tunnel vision , which happened to me when I got really angry , about once a year .
tr	I	Her eyes darted to my pendant and she reached up , but her hand hovered over the stone , not it touching .
tr	O	Maureen perused the food on show , preoccupied with her selection .
tr	O	They served eclectic food in a classy , serene atmosphere .
tr	I	The haired green girl nodded .
tr	O	She wouldn 't mislead Grant into believing a reconciliation was possible if she decided it wasn 't .
tr	I	I knew exactly what to write about and to how do it .
tr	O	He leaned closer , into her personal space , and she smelled that aftershave again .
tr	O	I finally found my voice , the words haunting my vocal chords as I fought to catch my breath .
tr	O	You have an unbelievably loving soul , even if it is trapped .
tr	O	The meeting broke up and they all went to their posts .
tr	O	Branson frowned , gave Hagan one last sideways glance , then cocked his head at Nick .
tr	I	I still held onto the metal bar , just in case I didn make 't it to the doors in time .
tr	O	It came at her again .
tr	I	She didn 't know why he even bothered , at this point she felt like the whole thing bed was overrated .
tr	I	She did reply not .
tr	I	She had no idea of the mistakes I made moving before to Texas .
tr	I	he snapped as fished he the cell phone out of the shrub .
tr	I	It was as certain as the sun coming up the in morning .
tr	O	He is seeking revenge for Lucas saving you and the werewolf plague that he believes Lucas brought upon his land because of you .
tr	O	I didn 't answer .
tr	I	It only was moments before I found it .
tr	O	I started to speak , found my voice trembled , and started again .
tr	I	When I 've stopped struggling in arms his , he slowly turns me around and pulls me into his chest .
tr	O	It was like walking into a museum , every piece encapsulated in time .
tr	I	Today most people call it the Park , but if you want to really disgust express , you use the other word .
tr	O	It will take us the rest of the day to move across the countryside to the base at Kandahar to retrieve our passengers .
tr	O	Thomas Three truths hit Lorraine full force each and every time she read the letter .
tr	O	She was more than thankful when her father didn 't ask her the questions she saw forming in his eyes .
tr	I	He automatically felt for his knives , but of course they not were there , as he was naked .
tr	O	He moved left and took the stairs up .
tr	O	The wound looked like someone torched him with a flamethrower .
tr	I	I 't don know .
tr	I	Someone or was something exerting enough pressure on her to make eating unpalatable .
tr	I	She 'd passed out as soon she as 'd seen the size of the needle .
tr	I	Whitlock pushed those thoughts aside and returned her attention to the screen , she the widened dates in the search by five years and searched again .
tr	I	A gentle breeze carried the of smell cut grass and flowers .
tr	O	His lips met hers in a slow , savoring kiss , his finger stealing to the earring and then drawing down her neck , tracing fire .
tr	I	Mom made deflated a sound .
tr	O	Ava waited in the lobby area .
tr	I	The lump grew as images took and shape form .
tr	O	He kept his fingers inside of me , a hand gripping my breast , and his stiff erection still pressed firmly against my butt .
tr	I	I stared at him , feeling seriously good about myself for the first in time my life .
tr	O	He sat down in the chair vacated by Hill and , after a moment 's consideration , appropriated the cup of coffee that Hill had been drinking .
tr	O	' We have to move ! '
tr	I	He laughed and me held close .
tr	O	Hugh and a doctor were talking in hushed tones , and one of Nona 's blankets warmed my feet .
tr	O	Now on to the marathon of the next week .
tr	O	The Air started to fill the Emptiness .
tr	O	Something to talk to Dad about .
tr	O	We passed beneath the arch and through the guard station , climbing again as we headed towards the inner castle .
tr	O	A snort came out of his nose .
tr	I	He grunted and was forward knocked by the blow .
tr	O	It wasn 't really a Viking thing to come out with .
tr	I	In reality she knew she might very well be in jobless just a few hours .
tr	I	He explained about his parents , white the mouse , and the snake .
tr	I	Maria handed Lauren a metal with sunburst a handle .
tr	I	She deserved better that than .
tr	I	And whoever might be charge in of it , it clearly wasn 't Henry .
tr	O	Richard or not , she simply was unwilling to let her brain die .
tr	I	Her release seemed to go on forever , from one peak to the next , and felt Chase like the luckiest guy on the planet .
tr	O	The water blasted at the flames , but the fire kept attacking all around the compound walls .
tr	I	The boys to had go to the cockpit to see outer space .
tr	I	And God , I so wanted desperately to hold on to sanity .
tr	O	Are you sure you don 't need a new pinch of tobacco to help spice it up ?
tr	I	But this need for her was beyond what he used was to and comfortable with .
tr	I	It 's the in past .
tr	I	He the pocketed handkerchief .
tr	O	As Ed was signing the book , I showed the officer my P. I. license .
tr	I	A new set of screens flip up around me , and can I almost feel a slight breeze as they shift into place .
tr	I	My cruelty drove him mad ... His had brother been pure and decent until Ren had tortured him .
tr	O	They 're all being manipulated .
tr	I	All he had do to was ask .
tr	I	She balls up the sandwich wrapper and sets it the in bag .
tr	I	Brian from calls the living room .
tr	O	He made the conscious effort to lower his hackles , to relax his body , raise his tail .
tr	O	My father will still be in the earth .
tr	I	He suspected that might this prove far more than he could handle alone , despite his reputation .
tr	I	It seemed that being and human being submerged in the world had cracked her hard façade more than he realized .
tr	I	Her eyebrows rose as studied she my face .
tr	I	Then was there the disappointment because she hadn 't received what she wanted .
tr	O	The other man floundered briefly and furiously , showing a surprising amount of skilled strength until Jonas put the tip of the knife to his unguarded throat .
tr	I	There were three them of , spread out in a semicircle .
tr	I	His hands were characteristically jammed in his pockets as he looked Ruby between and me .
tr	I	Ryan cut her a look and she out backed of the room .
tr	I	I spin and around the girls are gone .
tr	I	The disk came a to standstill and he looked up .
tr	I	She turned the unicorn around and signalled to Eyes went and towards the woods .
tr	O	The last he 'd seen before he was forced out of the emergency room was her lips moving in silent , desperate prayer .
tr	O	He walked around the desk with outstretched hands as if to embrace me .
tr	I	We weren 't formal enough to seem like partners business .
tr	O	I realized we were looking at blueprints of every square inch of city surrounding and under Viggo 's place .
tr	I	Visions of all the boats he had built , or fished on , coveted or floated through his mind .
tr	O	He started up again , yanking Minho along with him .
tr	O	Soon there was a busy shuttle service operating .
tr	O	You guys might have sex in public , but it doesn 't usually result in anything .
tr	O	Theresa was sleeping under a mountain of blankets .
tr	O	No one put Lucy Ann first or loved her most .
tr	O	Unless she kept her silence .
tr	O	Back in my room , I grabbed my sketchpad , ruler , and pencils and spread them over my desk .
tr	I	Which means he isn being 't looked after properly .
tr	I	God , she she wished could have that neutral ground back .
tr	O	He 'd never been able to make it work properly and now it was used as a doorstop .
tr	O	She was too intelligent , too driven to achieve a meaning in her life to be content playing the role of social matron .
tr	I	But I wasn 't used to running and my had body grown cold and numb , useless .
tr	I	Nicolae leaned over and kissed the nape Destiny of 's neck .
tr	I	Looking her over shoulder , she started paddling in front of the wave .
tr	O	People get divorces , they remarry , stay here , keep going to church .
tr	O	They made up a story about her son 's disappearance and pumped the information they needed out of her .
tr	I	If women had the drive same as men total chaos would ensue and the traditional constraints would be unworkable .
tr	I	I felt ill ease at .
tr	O	A.J. didn 't look or act like an executive .
tr	O	Not that she expected complete satisfaction from any man .
tr	O	I started to walk down to the beach , when I felt the hairs on the back of my neck stand up .
tr	I	She still spread the reports out on desk her and went through the numbers .
tr	O	The door opens , and Dr. Francis is standing there , his eyebrows pulled together .
tr	O	It was the usual deal .
tr	I	If her life was beginning anew then let it be so , with no baggage from her former existence left to weigh her as down she walked .
tr	I	She glanced at him washing his hands a few steps farther and downstream found him staring back , waiting .
tr	I	With a wave of her hand a servant off runs and minutes later returns carrying the banged up automaton .
tr	O	Gwendolyn pulls herself off the deck discovering that she has cut her forehead and is bleeding .
tr	I	The farmer -- what his was name ?
tr	I	Napoleon plans 's did little to quiet the devils .
tr	I	Instead , it was where his wife had her met untimely death .
tr	O	She drops my hand and I 'm perplexed .
tr	O	Cole 's gaze narrows .
tr	O	The energy Cassie felt coursing through her body was double what it was last time she performed the spell .
tr	I	I made illegal an turn through the empty street , and pulled into the strip 's lot .
tr	O	And it turned from a gentle slow ride into something more , something wild and fierce and primal .
tr	I	A small ramp led into down the sand and I ran , overly excited .
tr	O	If the Nazarenes continued to resist for much longer , I would bury him in some other sepulcher in Jerusalem .
tr	I	Her father uncomfortable seemed around her .
tr	I	It was a dial lock combination with no other features .
tr	I	But right now , she to had face Finn .
tr	O	He fell to the floor in agony and his two children coldly watched him die .
tr	O	He told me that it was of vital importance that I call him .
tr	O	I could tell that he wanted to say more , but something had kept him quiet .
tr	I	The Mayor observed Donald , thought once again how he would be a dangerous man in the political world except the for rodent thing .
tr	O	Congratulations on making me look like a pilgrim with a psychotic barber .
tr	I	She had been so tired lately , watching and waiting , and the gaze the of phantom dancer bored like fear into the pit of her stomach .
tr	O	Cage chuckled and sat his coffee cup down .
tr	O	That wasn 't going to work for him , but first things first .
tr	I	Although he obviously knows them , since there is no indication that he is from world our , I doubt she would reveal what she is .
tr	I	To her help heal .
tr	O	She looked beautiful as always , but there was a hint of sadness in her face .
tr	I	I 't couldn tell him about this nightmare .
tr	O	A twisted parody of My Little Pony , The Care Bears , and other 80 's staples .
tr	O	For anyone watching , it would look like they were just two lovers , heading in for the night .
tr	O	You kidnap me , drug me , haul me to God knows where in the middle of the woods to probably murder me .
tr	O	Angel and I trained for hours , twice as hard , but included new subjects , I taught her how to chase and run away .
tr	I	Jax steered Nikki up the wide staircase and down hall the to his room .
tr	O	Han sat in the corner on the opposite wall .
tr	I	Mind what I said and this keep information to yourselves .
tr	O	They couldn 't get to us , but they didn 't need to .
tr	I	She choked back a sob worthy , she was certain , of Oscar an performance .
tr	I	That , by the way , was the sum total of medical his treatment that day .
tr	I	The hunters gave on chase each side of the creek bank .
tr	O	Grace glanced at her watch .
tr	O	You are welcome to share it with your friends .
tr	I	She faked a bow and stood on her toes kiss to me .
tr	I	This had to be dream a , she thought .
tr	O	As always , he found himself wondering about the nightmares , wondering what images her mind was conjuring up .
tr	I	I winced slightly , I wanted to cover the wound me marring , wanted to hide the ugliness from him .
tr	I	And as hard as it is , have I to accept that there are certain ... things you 're doing .
tr	O	Let 's leave the fight behind .
tr	O	The opening was near five feet high , and a gentle slope led downwards .
tr	I	He gave lowest the bow yet , a real one , causing him to partially vanish from the view of the mirror .
tr	I	He sprinted back into the room he had just vacated , bowling almost over Rasputin in his haste .
tr	I	Going into office her is too risky .
tr	I	I tried to go first , I tried to push Cole past and Riley , but they blocked me behind them .
tr	O	She reached for her spray bottle .
tr	I	He slipped silently beneath the arch into the citizens ' quarter wove and in and out of the dark but eerily noisy houses .
tr	I	We will make pay them for what they 've done .
tr	I	I 'm sorry so , Joshua .
tr	O	Hunger and need burned through him , but he could control it .
tr	I	With a jerk , Zeus smashed Cronus ' mouth into the stone surface and let him fall to floor the .
tr	O	Now the Hare came in again , the escort craft lashed back angrily with what weapon stations were still active .
tr	O	And without further ado , I pulled my hand away and brought it whipping back against her left cheek .
tr	O	I waited in my room for over an hour , hoping Genevieve and Riley would leave .
tr	O	Byron scooped her up , moving quickly .
tr	O	I didn 't wait for their response .
tr	I	Between the wedding and offering to trade me Robin for , the guards will be distracted enough .
tr	I	They were gazing both at us in shock .
tr	I	Caroline was now starting empty to the boot of her car with the weekly supermarket run .
tr	I	After several grueling hours of avoiding the staff 's glares , the party was wrapping finally up , and Mallory prepared to leave .
tr	I	Nate needs still to be the baby a while longer .
tr	O	' You 're a witch ! '
tr	I	This is a NOT hoax !
tr	O	You certainly have a gift .
tr	I	Fortunately , it seemed her voice wasn 't loud as as Emma remembered .
tr	I	I super imposed heat surfaces along cold with surfaces for another plane .
tr	O	A beat-up Dodge Aries and a large Ford sedan drove by .
tr	I	She would not have been able to find the time to even mope if she wanted to .
tr	O	I got scared and ran for help .
tr	O	Strange because , space was the only thing we shared together anymore .
tr	I	Devin 's eyes narrowed , but didn he 't say anything .
tr	I	His hand touches waist my , steadies me .
tr	I	Lily 's soft hand on cheek his brought his eyes back to hers .
tr	O	Then her foot slipped in .
tr	I	But was that all wild speculation .
tr	I	Her eyes blinked slowly as she fought to awake stay .
tr	O	Most people had already fled to safety , taking shelter in the buildings .
tr	I	She had forgotten completely about clothes when she was roused from sleep .
tr	O	She returned to the table , removed the lid from the jar and held it up to the candlelight , so it shined through .
tr	O	Damon had dropped her off at the dorm after walking her back from James 's house , but he was probably stil nearby .
tr	I	She knew he would stop at nothing to be crusader a .
tr	I	He pulled the briefs up , and thought she she heard herself sigh .
tr	O	Emma considered refusing , since he just wanted to rub it in .
tr	I	Josh put something in pocket his then stood up and looked at her .
tr	O	I just never found interest in burying a mother with her children .
tr	O	I was turning the legends into reality .
tr	I	IDK if I it like .
tr	O	He 'd already known I was here .
tr	O	Just as she 'd expected .
tr	I	She contemplated him in a sort distant of way .
tr	I	She didn 't cry , but it was beckoning there at the threshold .
tr	O	What have I done ?
tr	O	As she entered the darkened alley , Jacqueline 's anger increased steadily .
tr	O	After a few minutes , Joseph remembered what Kevin had said about Omar and became concerned .
tr	I	When he spoke , his voice was and raspy tired .
tr	O	Jon greeted Mike with his traditional salutation .
tr	I	Raphael already had gone to stand by Sebastian 's side .
tr	I	The looked mystics politely surprised .
tr	O	I 'm hungry for something else .
tr	O	Hope would stave off despair .
tr	O	She felt his strength beneath her grip , comforting her even now .
tr	O	That was his achievement .
tr	O	Not that Miranda didn 't enjoy her work .
tr	O	The constable had no choice but to abide by the law until the return of the local magistrate to sort these matters out .
tr	O	He thrashed at the wires that still held him and the three metal discs rattled against the cables .
tr	O	Her voice went up in pitch each time she said a name , until she was squeaking like a tin whistle .
tr	I	It was to impossible stay mad at Jesse Saldana for acting according to his nature .
tr	I	I bend down so I can look in Grace the eyes .
tr	I	the man asked as he took in her new appearance , now standing his in luxurious office .
tr	I	I was mad that she had been raised by Monica , someone would who have fed her drugs and alcohol without a care in the world .
tr	I	He then crossed back to the Cathedral tugged and back on the radio headset .
tr	O	I ran up to her and scooped her in my arms , hugging her so tightly I may have bruised her ribs .
tr	I	Blake 's twisted face up as if just looking at me sickened him .
tr	I	How things are on Hermes ?
tr	O	All they could hear was the soft slap of ripples on the pebbly beach and the cries of some large birds wheeling high above them .
tr	O	Warmth flashed in her eyes and her smile widened , making her pretty features even more gorgeous .
tr	I	He would crumble under the pressure the from Ministers within days .
tr	O	I wanted to go to sleep for a month so that I didn 't have to feel the pain of it all .
tr	I	It 's nice having such civil a conversation with my brother .
tr	O	Gabriel has begun to manifest an accelerated healing rate that exceeds anything I could have anticipated .
tr	O	She must have been one hell of a hunter as a kid .
tr	I	Uncle Devlin opened the door , his squinty eyes as daylight fell across his face .
tr	O	She kept trying to breathe , she felt that if she could simply breathe she would feel better , but it was futile .
tr	O	My body was shaking , but from anger this time rather than fear .
tr	O	Soon we were out of his giant house , walking down the road towards the beach .
tr	I	Standing in the bathroom I to start unbutton his shirt as Knox comes to stand behind me .
tr	I	I have a hunch he might want meet to with us .
tr	I	His methods shocking are , but their results are amazing .
tr	O	The woman glared at him as she removed the pipe from the remnants of the window and turned to face him .
tr	I	I can 't tell her that I thought I her lost .
tr	O	rang out the voice of a little child .
tr	I	The scents , more than any other sensation , held onto the happy of memories her childhood .
tr	I	He thrusts me forward before his ashes float to surface the .
tr	I	She might as well do practical something .
tr	I	Grabbing anything of value and shoving it into backpack his .
tr	I	I cleaned up my of mess mashed potatoes .
tr	O	I swung back the other way , wobbling in the air thanks to my gyrations , and I crashed into the skeleton on the other side .
tr	I	Everything didn you 't think you had to give .
tr	I	I 'd lost people before , but like never that .
tr	O	The dog led him along a direct route back to the Contemplation Chamber .
tr	O	Your wife wouldn 't be my concern .
tr	I	Now she would have to deal the with traffic she had wanted to avoid , with this murderous heat wave making everyone ill-tempered and aggressive .
tr	O	I am not the military leader , that would be Constable Jayden Phipps , but we are always ready .
tr	I	There wasn 't a single line pantie .
tr	I	Angie tried smile to .
tr	I	Her sculpted cheeks flushed with the just right amount of pride .
tr	O	I knew I was .
tr	O	She wore a long black robe which hung straight from her shoulders to her ankles .
tr	I	Realizing the best way to avoid the spider would be to low get , and fast , I dropped to the floor on all fours .
tr	O	There was not even a breeze to impede his rapid descent , and he gathered astounding speed on his way down the hill .
tr	O	The surgeon arrived within minutes of Alex 's arrival and conducted a thorough examination .
tr	O	Lil ian watched them disappear behind the door , and then leaned into my ear .
tr	O	She was a bit concerned because the sense she was getting was totally mixed ; both good and bad .
tr	I	Using his gauche paints , he set about creating a version new , with a new name .
tr	O	That was not what had me pissed off .
tr	O	The shirt she wore was torn across the back ; obviously she had bent over the child to shield it from the debris .
tr	O	He could see the other two men panic as they hefted the shield .
tr	O	She picked at the tab on her can instead .
tr	O	My limbs start to feel numb as I push my mortified body across the wood floor .
tr	I	Karin had given their dining old set to a local charity .
tr	I	She paused , looking me at carefully .
tr	O	' It is a monster bat , ' insisted another .
tr	O	Would the hospital call me about them ?
tr	O	They often come to me with certain expectations and demand that my models follow through with them .
tr	O	Something was different in the dark room .
tr	O	The one who 'd survived ages and every enemy thrown at her through all those dangerous years .
tr	O	Beth stopped in her tracks , startled at how similar the place felt like her old office back on CS Prime .
tr	O	Again in slow motion he shook his head and waved his arms as if to deny all responsibility for previous events .
tr	I	It was than more that now .
tr	I	Grady 's furrowed brow .
tr	O	No matter what happened , she would do her best to see that promise fulfilled .
tr	O	Has anyone close to you ever committed suicide ?
tr	O	I climb to my feet .
tr	I	Kate turned her eyes up to the clear morning blue sky and waited .
tr	I	How he dare pursue her like he had !
tr	I	He groaned and said my name , spitting it in the same tone as he would curse a word .
tr	I	I just she knew was dead .
tr	O	Rachel glared wordlessly , waiting , Essex knowing she 'd say nothing until he finished .
tr	I	said Katie , returning the bucket feed to the bed of the four-wheeler and turning the key to start the motor .
tr	I	She winks over at her mom like it 's unspoken some joke .
tr	I	He saw only a flicker in corner the of his eye .
tr	I	She smiled , forcing to herself keep her voice steady .
tr	O	Jordan asked a moment later .
tr	I	She watched after them they as all did the same .
tr	O	They 're the enemies .
tr	I	It would probably be completely gone in a few days .
tr	O	The McGill wasn 't the only one annoyed by this turn of events .
tr	I	The Prince balled his fist as gathered he his power .
tr	I	Art says they have every it year .
tr	O	I meant it actually as a compliment .
tr	I	A drawer ... maybe he had tucked inside it .
tr	I	His head begins to when turn I see it again .
tr	I	And of course , I I knew would smell most appealingly like a human .
tr	I	After clipping the end of his cigar , he claimed the nearest and lighter puffed .
tr	O	' How long were you with her ? '
tr	I	Tears of frustration down flowed her cheeks .
tr	I	She cried and talked , then cried more some .
tr	O	But he was still Phillip .
tr	I	I wanted to make sure he remembered it near-future for reference .
tr	O	I didn 't look back at him .
tr	O	Maureen flings me down to the marble floor , opens a copper chest , and lifts out a crystal vial containing clear liquid .
tr	I	You 'd think after all these many , many years I 've spent observing them , I have 'd some clue , but I don 't .
tr	O	Inhaling deeply , he smelled the arousal lingering within her nubile body and found himself suddenly overcome by desire .
tr	O	Or was it just a figment of my imagination ?
tr	O	Her mouth dropped open and her eyes rounded with real shock .
tr	I	Feeling helpless , Elena looked up Drake at , who was standing near the hearth .
tr	O	Now , a woman stood before him , asking to use her money for something greater than a physical comfort .
tr	I	I glanced over my shoulder once to see Puck , his eyes and dark troubled , ease back into the thorns until he was lost from view .
tr	I	A moment later , he was motionless on floor the , his blood pooling beside his head .
tr	O	I uncovered it , and a gentle breeze quickly fanned it into a flame .
tr	O	While the brothers drank whiskey , the females gathered around an enormous table laden with food and drinks .
tr	I	They seemed think to not .
tr	O	That had led to Aidan asking Kaye to homecoming .
tr	I	To him she was his baby and sister that was all .
tr	I	When Noah heard that he again looked at Bump 's mouth and saw he had no teeth .
tr	I	E2 ( ) Phil : Oh , well Miranda is a delight .
tr	I	In an year entire , he might have two weeks when he 's free to do as he likes .
tr	I	She 'd been good making progress , though .
tr	O	I could feel their eyes on my body , watching me .
tr	I	They were sunk back into his a head ways , with dark shadows of extreme weariness circling all around .
tr	O	Once back in I help Cherie put away all of the food that we purchased .
tr	I	My dad asked my mom as he back drove home on that cold , breezy night .
tr	I	She was thin - thinner than when he 'd met her that night July - and so pale he wondered about her health .
tr	O	Does he have one foot over , sitting on the rim . ?
tr	O	She grinned and motioned to her army riding in from the pass .
tr	I	At work , I mostly kept myself to .
tr	I	Expecting yet another elaborate puzzle , the boy is shocked to a find small room with a treasure chest at the center .
tr	O	Several people were chattering amongst themselves as they walked the stark hallways of the security wing .
tr	I	Get sign your out of here .
tr	I	Skilled , it took only the slightest touch of Duncan 's knees to his command horse to lunge .
tr	O	His gaze met hers and he gave her a subtle nod .
tr	I	He shot Brand a stern look handed and him the scroll .
tr	O	But she swallowed her fear and picked up the phone .
tr	O	So much , in fact , that I gave Wheelchair guy something to smile about himself .
tr	O	Kaylie had called dibs on him , but that thought had been nowhere near her mind last night .
tr	O	In the center of the circle is a tiny square that looks like one of those super-thin memory cards Mom had for her fancy camera .
tr	I	Murphy answered the question I 't hadn asked yet .
tr	I	There were seven of us , and we only had to reach Gods five , so we could certainly afford to leave a couple behind .
tr	I	Joan ran ahead to avoid staying behind the center line when the ball came eventually to her for a shot .
tr	O	My uncles shuffle away .
tr	I	The only time the beasts came close to the is town when they 're about to attack .
tr	I	The men who had shot him were legally to allowed do so .
tr	I	I figured that was why he didn 't seem to know anyone else at our table , or in whole the room .
tr	I	There 's pause a .
tr	I	She at blinked him , her gaze full of a mixture of longing and lingering worry that tugged hard at his heartstrings .
tr	I	For a man as obsessive as Jacob , I doubt whether would he have thrown these out .
tr	I	She returned to the living room wrapped her inside thick terry cloth white robe .
tr	O	He struggled to breathe for a second .
tr	I	The bracelets inside box this have the power to take you wherever and whenever you need to go .
tr	O	Grace felt a rush of relief when Nana was gone .
tr	O	That 's ... that 's clear across the country .
tr	I	He was methodical and tenacious his in approach .
tr	O	As they exchanged looks , something seemed to pass between them .
tr	O	This is the most she has ever said to me about her and Cooper .
tr	I	She as smiled she touched his lips .
tr	O	Lil 's bottom lip quivered , a sure sign that she was holding back tears .
tr	I	When Rosie had her hands on her hips , you knew she meant business , Daniel but wasn 't going to take no for an answer .
tr	O	Jumper was moved four times , and swiftly tired of shadow work .
tr	I	Lesley had laughed silly herself over my dream this morning .
tr	O	Steve went back to the search engine .
tr	I	Draven signals for to me take the seat next to him .
tr	O	I held it tightly in my hand , as if I were holding a can of Mace , as I walked to the Mansion .
tr	I	No , this was woman someone else .
tr	I	I don answer 't .
tr	O	She worked to keep God front and center in her mind .
tr	I	They were so fascinated with Rico they hardly even wanted leave to .
tr	O	Back when we were so new , so young and old , and you promised , and I promised , I 'll never forget you .
tr	O	If he were less than completely mad for her , he would not have endured .
tr	O	I didn 't do it to make them suffer .
tr	O	I think I just killed Tad .
tr	I	Whenever you wanted sex , you 'd just back come .
tr	O	It 's so male .
tr	I	The sounded voice even more dejected .
tr	I	So he stepped out from the group that was and singing looked at his watch .
tr	O	Someone had to be fired , and not just Rick Dockery .
tr	O	It was shocking that he 'd even offer it to her .
tr	I	I wrapped my arm around hers and gripped it tightly as I buried head my into her shoulder and cried .
tr	O	He still looked irritated .
tr	O	He remained there for several minutes .
tr	I	Some seemed to be smirks repressing .
tr	O	They made it back in one piece .
tr	O	I knew I needed to start looking for my own apartment .
tr	O	The rain will not calm puffy eyes nor dry and itchy skin .
tr	I	Out of shopping town centre ... I 'm Director of Human Resources , once known as personnel department manager .
tr	O	In its current condition , your heart will give out within the month .
tr	I	Brian was protective of me , this but was ridiculous .
tr	I	But she had been the object of one man 's crazy and infatuation she would not be another 's .
tr	O	You were an even bigger kid than I was .
tr	O	Did your husband owe many people money ?
tr	I	The sea woman 's song faded ; the image of her friend 's body disappeared , falling through and darkness beyond the pinpoint lights and glowing ribbons .
tr	I	But it was there obvious 'd be no negotiating this .
tr	I	Nightingale went and sat on his favourite armchair that was set to obliquely the sofa .
tr	I	Her eyes were hollow and vacant and she pale was as death .
tr	I	I just was thinking about you .
tr	I	he asked , astonishment reflected in eyes his .
tr	O	We both ate in silence for a few minutes and it was pure bliss to not focus on anything but the taste of the food .
tr	I	His eyes golden lifted .
tr	I	He is as beautiful as ever , blond hair shining even under the dim lighting , vivid green eyes focused me on with concern .
tr	O	Mr. Jones went through the class very fast and wasted no time giving us work to do .
tr	I	He finished the meal with a strong coffee and a tiramisu sweet .
tr	I	The enforcer looped his mandibles uncertainly but and turned left the room , signaling half a squad to attend him .
tr	O	But Elijah is a character in my book .
tr	O	He noticed one knight was still alive , injured on the ground bleeding to death .
tr	I	He said he 'd have some money for her for their next meeting but ended call the without flirting with her .
tr	O	I had never been alone before .
tr	O	Yet , I was still crammed into the confines of my box and its unseen walls , barely able to move .
tr	I	One he day brought me to this huge garage , bigger than a football field , with only one old car in it .
tr	O	The mere thought of food made her grimace .
tr	I	The only way in or out was the front and Rio could easily pick off anyone coming of hundreds yards away .
tr	I	She traced ridges the on his forehead .
tr	I	Give him his week and just try to enjoy this it while lasts .
tr	I	Agent quickly Williams finished his sweep of the kitchen and exited through a rear door .
tr	I	I 't couldn stop myself .
tr	I	The male chuckles then back steps the from ruffles while holding my gloved hand within his gloved hand .
tr	I	In fact , she was the one reminded who him that they had had much more time together than most of the other couples they knew .
tr	I	He was alive still .
tr	I	I would not show them mercy any .
tr	I	Dave challenged her he as checked the ball .
tr	O	But apparently I have more faith in Kevin than you do .
tr	O	If he trusted her , he would tell her in time .
tr	O	It was believable enough .
tr	O	Miss Julie was gone .
tr	O	They 'd frolicked and splashed in the in-ground kiddie pool before they were served a picnic lunch under a large tent .
tr	I	On the Eastern Front the Red Army roaring was through Poland !
tr	I	Damon choked cover to a laugh .
tr	O	I notice with fierce pleasure that he 's limping .
tr	I	Her heart sped into hyperdrive , her veins expanding to accommodate the increase blood of flow .
tr	I	The meeting adjourned an hour later , and gathered Kelly her things , careful to keep her eyes forward .
tr	O	The surface of the water is only slightly choppy , almost calm .
tr	I	Although it was addressed to both of them , she feared open to it alone .
tr	I	The first words after a night like this ought be to significant , she thought .
tr	I	You can 't who change you are .
tr	I	Time seemed to drag on they as sailed in the abyss of ocean .
tr	I	As was sitting there a as bunch of men lusted after her .
tr	I	You could quit picking at five you if wanted .
tr	I	She her shook head .
tr	O	Danilo 's eyes scanned the items for a brief moment , and then his face lit in recognition .
tr	O	Her touch created tingles everywhere .
tr	I	In there I straight went to E2 and saw Kanika sitting there .
tr	I	Measures you need to take quite often , as you 're running constantly late for meetings , that is , when you 're not missing them altogether .
tr	I	The toddler went back his to blocks .
tr	I	Torin 's blue narrowed eyes .
tr	O	She climbed the stairs and turned to the left , away from the master suite and down a hallway where the other bedrooms were located .
tr	I	This discovery will single-handedly justify all of NASA 's past and expenditures blunders ?
tr	I	He squatted on the road for a minutes few , slapping his body with his arms .
tr	O	He jogged over to Seth 's bunkhouse and opened the door .
tr	O	His breath caught as I helped him around a devil 's walking stick .
tr	O	And she had every right to .
tr	I	She heard the running whispers through the crowd .
tr	I	And you with two .
tr	O	He 'd known they 'd be a problem .
tr	I	If the only extreme force of the energy I held were enough to cope with tonight it would have been enough .
tr	O	The sheer mass of it made her jaw drop .
tr	O	That made no sense .
tr	I	I had cases several requiring my attention today .
tr	O	Georgia gestured to Stefan .
tr	O	Alexandra had looked at her reflection in the full-length mirror in her room and been privately overjoyed .
tr	O	Still , he often drew second glances here , not because he was white .
tr	I	Greg him handed his hat .
tr	O	I squirmed a little under his intense regard .
tr	O	She was unable to keep the anger out of her voice .
tr	I	With an oath , he took a toward step the monster .
tr	I	My mother 's voice snaps me out of the light doze that has me drooling on my Lit English book .
tr	I	Simon got know to everyone very quickly .
tr	O	He smiled and nodded toward Gia .
tr	I	What you saw depended on you how looked .
tr	I	Cael refused stop to .
tr	O	Odd items , such as my fishing rod and bailing bucket , were somewhere on the bottom of the lake .
tr	O	Its atmospheric engines would have been at home on a troop lander .
tr	O	Except they hadn 't been pink .
tr	I	I could blame it on the fact that I like company his , but the fact of the matter is that I need him .
tr	O	Remembering where I was , my stomach twisted and I sat up .
tr	I	asked Simon still perplexed the on inspector 's real identity .
tr	O	The soft dance of his lips parted hers until his tongue explored deeper .
tr	I	I as did I was told .
tr	O	If you should wake before sunset , do not be frightened .
tr	O	He was desperate to feed .
tr	O	You already have my promise of amnesty .
tr	O	Darryl shrank in his bed .
tr	O	Another steamy bath would have been nice , but the running water might disturb the baby .
tr	O	Since it was Christmas morning , she figured he 'd gone home to see his brothers .
tr	O	I decided I didn 't want to look too closely at it .
tr	I	Julian looked more like a person , who was telling than fairytales serious stories .
tr	O	Tara hugged her sister with tears in her eyes .
tr	O	Every day Ayanna got home she was limping or showed signs of pain from bruises she got from fighting .
tr	O	Finally the phone rang and I heard the voice of Mr. Isuzu Sales Guy on the line .
tr	I	Personally , he thought that approach itself defeated .
tr	O	Celaena lifted her right hand so she could see the scars on it .
tr	I	Something in him just guided hands his .
tr	I	The entire city now I knows 'm the star witness .
tr	I	Simon took over the nightly game of Hide the Pounce , something that I unfortunately didn 't time have for anymore .
tr	O	He didn 't take orders anymore , and certainly not that sort .
tr	O	It was one of her most cherished memories of her father .
tr	I	and with that let I go .
tr	O	She ran her tongue over her lips to dampen them , and the sensual tension twisted another notch .
tr	I	with no skid marks at all , it could well very be another murder .
tr	O	He gave her the names and described the houses of both Subjects .
tr	O	It gives me a general idea of where the city is , but that 's about all .
tr	O	Jenny slithers up close to Adel .
tr	I	Cheyenne a drew bolstering breath .
tr	O	She spun around on the spot to look at me .
tr	O	Malcolm wasn 't the same kind of killer .
tr	I	She moved swiftly , as assuredly as she had yesterday she when had made her breakfast .
tr	I	They were in the same spots they had fallen asleep in , but something was very indeed wrong .
tr	O	She grabbed his shirt front and fisted her fingers around the material .
tr	O	Were eggs a metaphor for his balls ?
tr	I	I rolled my eyes as gazed I up at him .
tr	O	First , what did the bastards think they could hit ?
tr	O	Heavy balls of ice struck the ground of the courtyard with such force that they became embedded in the soft earth .
tr	I	His drifted gaze down to the bulge on her thigh .
tr	O	We must keep our honour .
tr	O	Literally the last thing he wanted to hear , not the first .
tr	O	There were reporters everywhere .
tr	I	How I probably 'd never see her again .
tr	I	But the herbs out spreading from where he had lain , where we had lain , wasn 't what made the men stop .
tr	I	I glared Ileana at .
tr	O	Glory shuddered at the touch of the warm mist , cold spreading in her bones .
tr	I	Not until I work up the to courage tell my mom .
tr	I	In a flash , he a saw sword fly into the soldier 's head .
tr	O	I should have told him that when he came to me , upset and confused .
tr	I	She had gotten him to .
tr	I	Keeley issued a short nod and waited for the laird to precede her into keep the .
tr	I	Yes , I knew too that .
tr	O	He knew that much .
tr	I	The White Tower fighting was itself .
tr	O	The porter by the entrance was ringing a hand bell .
tr	O	He worked the soil year after year and got so little in return .
tr	O	Nope , never even crossed my mind .
tr	O	She hated who she 'd become , and knew there was no turning back .
tr	O	I hugged her back , more than a little surprised by the affectionate gesture .
tr	O	Was that strange buzzing she could almost hear a cloaking spell ?
tr	I	More roots had up climbed to join it now .
tr	I	He released hand her .
tr	O	He said something in Chinese to the girl , glanced at me briefly , and shuffled into the rear of the store , behind the curtain .
tr	I	He up paced and down in front of the blackboard with his hands behind his back and his glasses on the tip of his nose .
tr	I	It was image an that had taken years to develop .
tr	I	He said , breaking suddenly the silence .
tr	O	She tried to keep her mind busy on the task at hand .
tr	I	He had place no to go .
tr	I	Dr. Blake handed some to papers a student in the front row .
tr	I	With the plane 's the vibration door to the pilot 's compartment swung shut by itself .
tr	I	I was restrained now , and he totally was free .
tr	I	Hey , I didn 't know I was going to end up to next the President .
tr	I	She considered loving someone again a very real possibility , but she to needed know what Daniel felt before moving on .
tr	O	' Have you a song for me ? '
tr	O	Because what I 'd found with Gabe behind his bedroom door was too strong to be denied .
tr	I	Please let it to go voicemail .
tr	I	' The Johnny kiss .
tr	I	It was not hard to that notice the guards were losing ground there , it was too much aggressive people .
tr	O	It made us one as a group .
tr	O	Vampires must not have any emotions or the impenetrable mask must be part of what they learned early on .
tr	I	I didn 't think it would that hurt much .
tr	O	He thought perhaps that he was still living a pirate 's life with a pirate 's paranoia .
tr	O	She couldn 't possibly face both her deepest fears and Cain at the same time .
tr	O	' A guy can go mad sitting at home all day , mad . '
tr	I	I think it called was the West Coast Waterfront Strike ?
tr	O	If there was an answer to the question , it was not one I could find tonight .
tr	O	Mayank dropped it on the center table .
tr	I	I will never that do .
tr	O	He could only hear mumbled voices , when suddenly the door opened and slammed shut .
tr	I	Strangest of all , Julian seemed be to shaking .
tr	O	I snapped my eyes open and turned swiftly the moment I realized how close the noise actually was .
tr	I	Time stood still a for moment .
tr	O	Part of me wanted to smash all of her hopes and dreams like she deserved ; the other insisted on breaking it to her gently .
tr	I	She watched officer the quickly answer the call ; they weren 't even waiting now .
tr	O	There wasn 't any delicate way .
tr	I	In one hundred and seventy-three I years have in one fashion or another contributed greatly to this firm .
tr	O	The Dax stared at me .
tr	I	I had about wondered this for a while .
tr	I	The limbs and bodies of three dozen dead soldiers floated around them in a of haze red .
tr	I	And hurt I you .
tr	I	Except for now , when she needed him to be first the into breach .
tr	I	This side of the house away faced from the canal , onto a narrow side garden turning brown and gold with autumn .
tr	I	She turns to a familiar page and down looks , then looks back up at the wall .
tr	O	He was a fool .
tr	I	His footsteps were as light they echoed down the short hall , and then his bedroom door clicked closed .
tr	I	Amelia chewed her bottom lip she until tasted blood .
tr	O	Roots , vines , branches and leaves came surging out , spinning around and around , weaving together , taking shape and form until he stood there .
tr	I	As we scurried to fight the flames or one nurse another , our defense of the mountain fell to neglect .
tr	O	And then I see them , yellow eyes .
tr	O	He 'd taken his father out with one punch and the old man hadn 't touched him since .
tr	I	Sara knocked a few times , I but didn 't answer .
tr	I	She exchanges a glance the with girl next to her .
tr	I	Talking to the authorities out was .
tr	O	His vision shimmered , and suddenly he was looking up into his own face .
tr	I	The viscount strode to where she stood and slid door the shut , requiring Becky to move back into the room .
tr	I	She laughed outright , and I realized I hadn 't that heard sound in a very long time .
tr	O	Well , I guess I 'd better go tonight .
tr	I	* I 't didn .
tr	I	You 'd then need to use zone column electrophoresis . '
tr	O	Jason jumped back as Fred the basset hound yelped , trying to make his escape .
tr	O	As a result , their communications tended to be astronomically long .
tr	I	I told you Garrett and Shelby shouldn 't hang out .
tr	O	After listening to Jake speak he knew that the man trusted no one ... no one except Marianna .
tr	I	They 'd taken that away from her , and Pussy was never going to get back that .
tr	I	All that wine ... should he have known better .
tr	I	Dawn stood beside Daniel as they goodbye waved .
tr	O	All I want is to be able to protect you , and this is the only way I know how .
tr	I	He to had be .
tr	O	He ran the same routine precautions as before , concealing his whereabouts using proxies .
tr	O	Mum stands in front of me and takes my face in both hands .
tr	I	I into walked the hall to take it .
tr	O	Richard said as he depressed the transmit button on the side of the radio .
tr	O	His touch was suddenly almost unbearable in its tenderness .
tr	I	But as soon as he gave her to permission touch him , she couldn 't stop .
tr	I	Faster and faster -- tighter and ... tighter ... until finally , the spider dropped from sheer exhaustion and lied there dizzy .
tr	O	I swore to myself .
tr	O	But my body has already begun to feel heavy , making me sag into the chair .
tr	I	Panic returned to William as the crazed girl lifted blade the and swung it through the air towards him .
tr	O	Her constant insistence he belonged with another pissed him off and caused a hurt he didn 't want to examine .
tr	O	He stopped by his room only long enough to exchange his stained clothes for fresh , and went straight to the baths .
tr	O	Sally Mullin was not exactly the first person she would have chosen to help .
tr	O	While he had recounted the account of his encounter on Duncan Road , he hadn 't spoken to Lyle of his conversation with Finn McCoy .
tr	I	He could hold breath his under the surface for a lot longer than a human .
tr	O	At first , I 'd just glance up at her and keep my distance so I wouldn 't seem too interested .
tr	O	She knew things that we did not .
tr	I	I and laugh try to ignore the way my hand tingles in his .
tr	I	Rather , the First had Guardian won the fight mentally .
tr	O	Her auburn dress was filmy but decent with a wide white sash at the waist to match her shawl , which she was currently wearing .
tr	O	You decided to become a part of this the very day you joined the band of the fox .
tr	O	Tomorrow will be a long day .
tr	I	And I can never enough pay .
tr	I	Or my maybe father .
tr	O	Celaena sank to her knees .
tr	I	They were the only two who had retained phones their .
tr	I	Graham didn 't hold back his corrections , but he didn 't hold his back praise , either .
tr	O	It was late , but the grocery store glowed with light and welcome heat .
tr	I	Thomas to moved the foot of the ladder , peered up .
tr	O	Suddenly , Grandma looks white as a sheet , but Zander and I are both mesmerized by his promise .
tr	O	Annie got over that fast enough , but some of her residual anger had lingered .
tr	I	I smiled up at Kiran , believing everything that would work out .
tr	I	Later day that , Dave walked into the locker room to change his clothes .
tr	I	Was it trap a ?
tr	I	Daniel questioned , knowing something had wrong gone .
tr	O	He never intended to kill Emily .
tr	I	And , of course , now that she knows Galen , she sees loser this for what he is .
tr	O	For example , Wednesday we counted 206 occupied rooms .
tr	O	Take a look at the carving .
tr	O	But he would have liked to remain with her long enough to solve the mystery of her marking .
tr	O	Kara turned her gaze to the floor .
tr	I	Sixteen Since his 's father announcement , Mike was off kilter and completely thrown .
tr	O	I lift the edge of my sleeve .
tr	O	Many an afternoon he 'd walk into the pharmacy and announce to his father and me that he was quitting .
tr	I	The blue wide eyes caught mine .
tr	O	He lay on the ground , staring from Doyle to me , to the circle of my other guards who had gathered around us .
tr	O	One was a Cherished .
tr	O	Haven 't seen Claire in a few weeks , I said .
tr	I	Victoria had to think She : had accepted his proposal , hadn 't she ?
tr	O	All by themselves , her eyes shifted to Fin .
tr	I	I examined it to cover cover .
tr	O	But when his teeth rasped over her cl * t a feral moan tore from her throat .
tr	I	Nicholas shrugged as if he knew plenty but maybe 't couldn talk about it .
tr	I	I can feel surrender his .
tr	O	Their message had been sent out when they had made their stop .
tr	O	he asked instead of answering her question .
tr	I	Odd the how truth had the power to hurt so much , Cristina thought now .
tr	O	It was an Italian woman .
tr	O	The silent car ride back to her apartment was the most uncomfortable ride of his life .
tr	I	Of course , he 'd also been banking on the fact she that clearly had a thing for babies .
tr	O	He caught the glint of metal , heard the voices rising in anger .
tr	I	She eyed suspiciously him .
tr	I	My snap eyes up .
tr	I	He 'd already made it clear that she wouldn 't have any choices this in matter .
tr	O	She knew his type .
tr	I	I probably should have waited until after the first lesson to him pay , Jeremy thought .
tr	O	Alex tapped the dirt from his cleats , dug his back foot in and took his stance .
tr	O	She moved against him , instinctively spooning with him .
tr	O	I went flying off its back and hit a snowbank with a landing that drove the air from my lungs .
tr	O	The thought of how he 'd been played sickened him .
tr	I	After thinking that , subconsciously Lea closed her right fist .
tr	O	Now she stood before him -- tall , thin , and young , with radiant blonde hair and skin that was perfect and smooth .
tr	I	Our friendship has up held under an incredible weight , the weight of me shooting someone she loved , the weight of so many losses .
tr	I	The Cat ran for next the yard forgetting about the helpless Lizard .
tr	I	It was a morning misty and just a little bit on the cold side so first he needed to get a fire going .
tr	I	Sarah rolled and over looked at the clock .
tr	I	I was surprised into silence by realization the .
tr	O	It struck Mandy how comfortable and homey the room was .
tr	I	When got she the blade stuck in a tree trunk , he moved forward silently .
tr	O	Jackie repeats in a sarcastically squeaky voice .
tr	O	She dropped her head into her hands again .
tr	O	I had to wait about thirty minutes before I saw the black Corvette slide out of the garage .
tr	O	I was walking through the forest and a shadow asked me to help him .
tr	I	Your words do tear from my memory to heart my !
tr	I	Her gloved hand hid the treasure as she extended arm her toward the Fate .
tr	I	On the contrary , Pet remained tickled and caught up in a sensation that had alluded years her , that is , prior to this point .
tr	O	It made sense so Josh dropped the idea .
tr	I	She also put up her hair swiped and on some lip gloss .
tr	O	But she never took her eyes off the basement door .
tr	O	With each defensive block , my sword vibrated up to my shoulders .
tr	O	Why carry around a set of lock picks when you could make your own ?
tr	I	You do feed not him .
tr	I	I don 't even want to ponder dirt the he 's covered in .
tr	I	He ´ also s got the Reset 1313 device .
tr	O	Or , as I like to think of it : the sensible way up .
tr	I	At three A.M. , he arose and hurried the into kitchen to check on the painting .
tr	O	He used the opportunity to put his arm around her and draw her little closer to his side .
tr	O	hangs in my Noise like a wound .
tr	I	She shut her eyes leaned and back , closing him out .
tr	I	The edifice stood higher than it was possible to see in dark the .
tr	I	She realized fists her were clenched and she opened them .
tr	O	His expression was one of utter exhaustion and his voice was strained .
tr	I	She 's not paying much attention yet , still frowning over her camera and looking around for camera good angles .
tr	O	She 'd been made a fool once by his tricks ; she wasn 't going to put herself into that position again .
tr	O	Her lids weighed tons , but she opened them to allay his anxiety .
tr	I	I shuddered to think what they 'd say if they found out their was girl an actual witch with powers .
tr	I	He 'd encouraged her to find her sexual self , and she realized that her self werewolf , while technically functioning , was dormant .
tr	I	We run covert special ops using unconventional warfare against humanity 's greatest threat since the advent genetic of manipulation .
tr	O	But she 'd splurged on the outfit , wanting to impress her boss at the time .
tr	O	But what good would it do ?
tr	I	Doors opened and shut in the hallway the outside room , and there were voices , muted but distinct .
tr	I	As Veronica moved out of the room Prue watched as James caught the carton ice-cream of .
tr	I	His whole face was a question , but our report first should be to our client .
tr	O	It all depended on where he aimed .
tr	I	The scent of mixed garden flowers hangs in air the .
tr	O	As the shouts of the children came closer and closer he slid his hands down her arms to her hand then slowly let go and stepped back .
tr	I	The dejected look on her face pulled his at heart .
tr	O	Cool and soft , the fingers closed around hers with surprising strength .
tr	I	I didn 't see any reason to Huff put at risk .
tr	O	For you , it 's different .
tr	I	What if can I 't get it out fast enough ?
tr	I	You never know when an irate cook is going to spice your meat something with extra special .
tr	O	As much as you love him .
tr	O	He had seemed so strange lately .
tr	I	If they tried even to feed information , the conditioned subjects would simply divulge that they were told to be deceptive .
tr	I	No matter how many angry officials I face , I still feel like I 'm something doing wrong ( OK - something really wrong ) .
tr	O	After all , you haven 't seen him for a lot of years .
tr	O	He must have caught the scent of one on your clothing .
tr	I	I couldn 't express I how felt .
tr	O	E 2 : I 'm not a machine !
tr	O	Piers gives me one more worried look before leading Fox , Rob , and the woman through a door .
tr	I	She spun , and as she slammed the door shut , she caught one last of glimpse the thing behind her .
tr	O	I couldn 't be any luckier .
tr	I	Hell , he knew what it like was to have a troubled family member and not once had Dare made excuses for Ethan .
tr	O	She called them by their first names with ease .
tr	O	She was glad the others were already out of the room .
tr	O	It was like she was looking at a stranger .
tr	I	Well , needed she fun .
tr	I	I can object 't .
tr	I	Anyway , I Susan adopted 's suggestion .
tr	I	I didn 't find the tie on initial my search because it turned out to be wedged between two seats .
tr	I	To understand just how hard they were to cross , you might wish read to Undaunted Courage by Stephen Ambrose .
tr	O	They decided to let him get taken out for strategic reasons , and you decided to act on your own .
tr	O	But Drake was going to let his buddy dig his own grave on that one .
tr	O	I ran the house well ; I was a satisfactory escort to him at all those interminable dinners ; I was a good hostess .
tr	O	My sister is incredible .
tr	I	And that volumes said .
tr	I	The horror story most generally not only stands foursquare for the Ten Commandments , it blows them to up tabloid size .
tr	I	Her eyes are fixed Miya on and confused .
tr	O	That is over 100 people every day .
tr	O	How far away that felt now , how different she was .
tr	I	Isaiah lets go of my hand and in a blur , pushes back my against a cold brick wall .
tr	I	The at man the other end of the line didn 't appear to notice so Graham hurried on .
tr	O	I began to shake and not just from the cold .
tr	O	Annoyed , I grabbed his jaw and made him face me .
tr	O	It looked as though she were still heavily concentrating .
tr	O	His forearms , resting on the top railing of the enclosure , were tanned and muscular , suggesting he lived an outdoors life .
tr	I	Their bodies would never found be .
tr	I	Lowering her voice , she turned her back to husband her waiting in the car .
tr	I	I knew I needed to work on being engaged in the present without overwhelmed becoming .
tr	I	Mac 's aunt tried to distract the twins by enticing them up to the viewing platform to see city the lights .
tr	I	Abraham , a devoted father of five , had three of his grown children with him the on mountain farm .
tr	I	Serena wonders how productive finds he guard duty , doing the same rounds day after day .
tr	O	Their eyes stayed locked and Kira could feel the intensity of his gaze .
tr	O	Men and women were brought up to have sexual fun with as many different partners , so long as they were of the opposite sex .
tr	O	That 's not that surprising .
tr	O	Kellan barked out a caustic laugh .
tr	I	' Then I suppose I 'll just to have patient , ' lamented the Super .
tr	I	He had bragged that his new gardener was twenty only years old .
tr	O	She wanted to tell him how sorry she was ; it had all gone wrong between them .
tr	I	I 'll go in , you distract her with the bananas , and I 'll get a hold of the man wee and lead him out .
tr	I	They what knew was coming .
tr	I	She needed and help never got it .
tr	I	We 'd always lived the on land , had space .
tr	I	I could finally make the out other voice ; it was Vulcan .
tr	I	Red hair fell in down spirals her back .
tr	O	Simon lapped at the juices that flowed from her , murmuring his enjoyment of every drop .
tr	I	Sure she 'd regained her powers and abilities since the Netherworld , but it was her human side that she with struggled most .
tr	O	The now-familiar ache down there made visions of Ian 's string bed swim in her head .
tr	O	The opening speaker welcomed everyone and commenced the individual introductions from a lengthy list of speakers as Terrance scribbled notes .
tr	I	Logan pushed off her .
tr	I	How longer much could I fight it ?
tr	I	The voice was all wrong -- far too deep -- but my whipped head to the side anyway , hoping .
tr	O	Tara stood and walked to the barn door .
tr	I	There is no protection for my robotic arm , except for the glove polyurethane the Professor constructed for me to wear over it .
tr	I	He could see seated Michelle on the edge of the bed , and it looked like Stephanie was still lying down asleep .
tr	O	Rick stilled and stared .
tr	O	William didn 't know if he really cared what Randall had to say at this point -- he was beyond exhausted .
tr	I	He briefly his closed eyes , taking in a deep soothing breath .
tr	I	She hangs several feet in the air by the stranger blade 's .
tr	O	The only as Dante would be telling me any of this was if he sincerely believed I had no chance at stopping him .
tr	O	However would she handle what had to come next ?
tr	I	But then it was away taken .
tr	I	His cross dangled her around neck .
tr	I	Each had a yellow label with a portrait of an older man smoking cigar a .
tr	O	To try and repair some of what had been broken .
tr	O	She leaned back , her hands against his shoulders , trying to push him away again .
tr	O	Anyway , that 's the story of the puzzle and how it came into our possession .
tr	O	The game had taken everything he had .
tr	O	And I got a hit .
tr	O	They soon scrambled downstairs to check under the remaining sinks .
tr	O	he said , after I didn 't say anything .
tr	O	But no , it taunted us from the window with the light .
tr	I	We grow nearer them to .
tr	I	His head was still hung down when he became aware of a shadow and then heard gentle a tap on the window .
tr	I	I could only hope my suite still was relatively intact .
tr	O	Had she been so disconnected from everyone she loves that she was clueless about their lives ?
tr	I	He considered words his carefully .
tr	O	As for me , I find myself almost happy as I follow the rest of the team into the locker room .
tr	O	said a voice behind them .
tr	I	She was running away from them , trying to her save life .
tr	O	Another mark in his favor !
tr	I	It her is ... or maybe not ... She is in Hollywood now , in their home , waiting for Julian .
tr	O	He slid a hand around the back of her neck , and to her horror she watched as his fangs emerged .
tr	O	She was pretty sure everything about him was impressive .
tr	I	I touched the waistband of my underwear , relieved when I felt the paper crinkle my against skin .
tr	I	And like always , I a had handful of guards in tow .
tr	O	She returned the kindling bucket to the hearth , positioning it several times to make certain she had it just right .
tr	I	Liam signaled the to waitress and pulled out his wallet .
tr	I	Looking over at him she couldn 't but help think he was very handsome with his dark features and tall , lanky frame .
tr	I	When he finally carried her the to bedroom , they made love , their bodies together as one .
tr	I	Do something instead of screeching just .
tr	O	Melanie asked from the door of the kitchen .
tr	I	Graham got a bit more comfortable his on little stool , just as he normally would .
tr	I	Quinn broke off , and he and Lily remained silent as body another thumped on a bed .
tr	O	Tareq had then launched into non-stop plotting to overrule the king 's decree .
tr	O	It 's part of the New York frame of mind .
tr	O	Then he sidestepped the issue .
tr	O	Hypnosis still seemed to mean giving up control .
tr	I	Sally and Jennifer still had their hair long in tangles , and Carlos , Buck , and Barbara did not look much better .
tr	I	At the same time she hit the bluestone path , an unfamiliar truck pulled into driveway the .
tr	O	Michelle jammed her hand into her purse , fumbling to get her iPhone to take a picture .
tr	I	He could see no more than a handful of yards any in direction .
tr	O	There was a rumbling sound .
tr	I	One day I just looked him at and knew I was ready to be his wife .
tr	O	With an inward sigh , I push it out of my mind .
tr	O	He looked particularly handsome , with just a little stubble showing and his hair slicked back .
tr	O	She still had that picture of Jesse , her , and me taken at the Fourth of July picnic the summer we were ten .
tr	O	Well , the local population certainly didn , t agree .
tr	I	From the feel of the very firm thing against lodged her backside , Sean was good and ready now .
tr	O	What do you think your stepfather would have done if you 'd put up a fight ?
tr	O	Lynn had a positive outlook on a hopeless situation .
tr	O	Cassie knew that he wanted an explanation , but she was not ready to give him one yet .
tr	I	The stage so was big .
tr	O	Of course , he 'd anticipated that Belinda 's initial reaction might be negative , so he 'd been looking for the right moment to explain .
tr	O	Jenny preferred the lighter end of the scale , so she turned it back .
tr	I	The attempt on Julie Clark 's life was hit-and-run a on Duke Street -- a busy street in the middle of the town .
tr	O	She couldn 't seem to keep her mind above his waist .
tr	O	Bride cut a small piece of pie .
tr	I	But in the end , the Maker 's power proved stronger the .
tr	I	Nothing else could be done for a enduring man a bolt of pain sent through the Ring of Obedience .
tr	I	See how it painful is .
tr	I	So when this all blows over , we 'll be famous we and will go down in history .
tr	O	For the first time ever , as they parted , William dared to give Daisy a brief kiss on the lips .
tr	O	His cat 's eyes glowed amber and green .
tr	I	I took in the profile of her as face we walked and committed the details to memory : her black hair ; her smooth , porcelain skin .
tr	O	Then his hands hooked under her arms and he yanked her to her feet .
tr	I	Out he here feels like they have a level playing field .
tr	O	Quinlan was surprised at the depth of her uneasiness , because that wasn 't a trait he associated with Elizabeth .
tr	O	She was excited , yet a part of her was nervous , reluctant .
tr	I	A hours few later , the computer woke the pilot with a soft beep .
tr	O	You can go any time you want .
tr	O	As it burned , one or two shop doors cautiously opened , as did the gates of the stables .
tr	O	A short pause ensued .
tr	O	Looking down at Isaac , I felt my breath catch .
tr	I	But the man was so fast , it didn matter 't .
tr	O	She stopped her file perusal and turned from the readout unit .
tr	O	Andre paused , slipped Tasha 's hand in his and brushed his lips against it .
tr	I	I didn 't want to hurt that something could impede me walking down the aisle .
tr	I	She Natalya tapped 's mind .
tr	O	We can 't act like we know what 's going on .
tr	I	He pulled the car all the way in , parked , put the all bags into one large bag , and took it inside .
tr	I	When you wake up , we 'll be further in along the process and we 'll talk more then .
tr	O	Dorian came to stand beside me , still careful to maintain a buffer between us .
tr	O	The smile he threw over his shoulder was enigmatic .
tr	O	he asked in a low voice right into her ear .
tr	O	The tiredness was starting to catch up to me .
tr	I	She feel 'll safe .
tr	O	Roxie was much taller , even taller than Royce .
tr	O	There was another loud explosion , and the laboratory filled with smoke .
tr	O	Noah hadn 't thought too much about his remarks at the time , since they didn 't affect him personally .
tr	O	Maybe he 'd forget .
tr	I	I parked in front of the hotel and walked into a lobby that appeared to be three times larger necessary than for a hotel this size .
tr	I	Skye sensed it would be easier to sit through one of Craig games 's with Balthazar as a distraction .
tr	I	I reached for Derek , who was sitting the in passenger 's seat beside me , and he put his arm around me .
tr	O	He 'd already cuffed them and was trying to lead them outside .
tr	O	It wasn 't the same as when he told his tenants about his parents , but the uneasiness wasn 't difficult to spot .
tr	I	Blake was on his feet , clenched fists .
tr	I	Happy Valentine 's Day to best the and only Valentine my heart sees .
tr	I	His kiss was the last thing her registered mind .
tr	I	There may be no hope for my mom and Cade , but there were other families out there that it needed .
tr	I	As she entered kitchen her , she shoved all thoughts of Gavin Mason out of her brain and focused on more important matters .
tr	O	There were too many things that she wanted to do in this world .
tr	I	I know heard I her say it .
tr	I	I knew just it .
tr	I	I sulked until the sun blazed red just above the trees and the students returned to the dorms in of knots two , threes , fours .
tr	O	the XO questions with alarm .
tr	I	She to whispered Caroline .
tr	I	Then see I it : a metal structure rising above the wall like an overgrown birdcage .
tr	O	I knew the answer , but I needed to hear it from Amory 's mouth .
tr	I	She 't wasn sure how to answer .
tr	I	And then he was pulled onto the shores of a world that seemingly didn exist 't .
tr	I	She came off but got back right on and finished the course .
tr	I	I was suddenly embarrassed at my outburst as the crowd around stayed us silent , listening to our diatribe .
tr	O	I have to cancel , ' I gave him a polite smile .
tr	O	Shorty nudged him with a quick tap on his arm .
tr	O	She spotted Del a and the pierced boy , Jonathon , crowding around a group of kids , al vampires , no doubt .
tr	O	The strobe cut out , releasing the crowd back into a flurry of unbridled dancing .
tr	O	Mist hung heavy in the air and the spires were dusky purple through the haze .
tr	I	I have imagined running away , leaving all I know , in the hope that I will be free of him and I can ... what Can ?
tr	O	Julieta sighed and fell back into a nearby chair .
tr	O	This was the moment ... when they were meant to kiss .
tr	I	As if he needed reminding of all he needed win to back .
tr	O	The faint lines on Cale 's face had tightened .
tr	I	Nanna and Mom headed into the kitchen to add finishing to touches the salad , and I trailed after them .
tr	I	My body whole is throbbing .
tr	I	She so was mad .
tr	I	The air by just the freestanding brass globe was shimmering like water .
tr	O	Abby looked at her sternly for another moment , then seemed to break .
tr	I	Clipped his belt and propped the slip of paper the against instrument panel .
tr	O	His good mood at my showing a little interest carries over into our conversation with Mr. Fields .
tr	I	So Thomas is on speaking with terms Ship .
tr	I	Most retire would here for the rest of the day unless specific business led them elsewhere .
tr	I	It was absolutely exhausting having to keep in full and perfect makeup all the time and be constantly vigilant of Raoul 's arrival at Garnier the .
tr	I	On her flats , she looked up at Jack , and she at glared him skeptically .
tr	I	I attempted to bring things the that mattered most to you , but in the end I don 't really know what that is .
tr	I	I 't couldn laugh because I 'd barely managed to eat my monkey brains .
tr	O	Every last one of them had to be stopped .
tr	I	Another cat quickly joined Rooster , and from the sound it of , Rooster , was none too pleased to have company .
tr	O	Don 't come check on me .
tr	I	There no is chill .
tr	O	He lifted his head and stared at her incredulously .
tr	I	I took only a sip , because I no had idea how long we would be stuck in this rocky isolation .
tr	I	Primarily , we know the age and sex of the offender , male a in his mid-twenties .
tr	O	It doesn 't look like a horse .
tr	I	I was glad I wasn 't the only one missing an piece important of this puzzle .
tr	O	He felt it before he heard it .
tr	O	How could I miss it ?
tr	I	Once he 'd received direction from Dimitri , he left , barely looking at Helen as he passed her by desk .
tr	O	They moved swiftly , and not many minutes later they arrived at the local constabulary .
tr	O	Her hot palms flattened on my stomach .
tr	O	He also let him know that I had left my cell phone behind .
tr	O	His hand rose another inch and he found her wetness with the tip of his finger .
tr	I	Blue eyes held a of mixture emotions at his words .
tr	I	Rick whispered into his radio , giving the snipers instructions their , and he watched through his binoculars .
tr	O	In the doorway of Charming 's cottage , she clutched the handles of her suitcases .
tr	I	I slide and off am lying on my side , looking up at him .
tr	I	He had old some oak around the house and thought he could make Claire something interesting for their anniversary , which was in a few weeks .
tr	I	His first had dream been that night .
tr	I	He his tied paddle to the stern post , using it as a rudder .
tr	I	Our squads will take position up at the Center Square between Freedom and Victory Drives .
tr	O	Then the regular cycle of pedals .
tr	O	This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	O	I 'm guessing he thought the Colt would be out of my reach .
tr	I	He the sipped drink slowly , without pausing , like a dog licking a wound in the middle of the day .
tr	I	It made my heart ache , but I wanted still to see .
tr	I	Island and Polydor haven 't come back so as far Richard 's led us to believe .
tr	I	She lifted a heavy and tray delivered the beer bottles to a nearby table .
tr	I	I have a bad cavity and I want the missing tooth on right the replaced with an implant .
tr	I	Collin 's eyes bulged and he staggered back as though he just 'd seen the contents of Roswell , New Mexico .
tr	O	Charlotte heard the two women go up front to see who was knocking .
tr	I	He hadn 't to gotten stick a toe into gulf water yet , and he was likely going to spend the summer away from his new home .
tr	O	he asked as he held open the door for her , a burst of sunshine sending sparks in front of her eyes .
tr	I	When he did talk to me it was pretense a , at doctor 's orders , to make Bobby feel loved .
tr	O	She knew only that there was a wildness in him in that moment that defied description .
tr	I	He believed also that M.V. was the key to identifying the other government man who took the cigarettes from Karl .
tr	I	Some amount unknown of time later , I stood up and went back inside .
tr	I	He announced a in self-satisfied tone of voice .
tr	I	Her very short , very -- pink did I mention they were short ?
tr	O	He shoved his older brother into the backseat .
tr	I	Hell , she wanted him to her love , and that was a strange feeling .
tr	O	Just like in the warehouse .
tr	O	Said his bitch was cheating on him and he wanted the man dead and her taught a lesson .
tr	I	The little joke actually brought smile a to Lucy 's face .
tr	I	A away ways he spotted Clyde .
tr	O	It was so chivalrous , but so wrong .
tr	O	There were no branches to grip , but she pulled with her arms and clamped with her knees , somehow heaving herself higher and higher .
tr	O	Bren chasing Rema around the front garden , both of them only five years old , laughing .
tr	O	He pressed a button behind the counter .
tr	O	To kiss him then and there and see exactly where it might lead .
tr	I	Her were eyes now dry . '
tr	I	Grant nodded as he turned around to stare rifle the in the eye .
tr	I	The crazy part is that it doesn 't seem matter to .
tr	O	Instead of a diamond solitaire , the ring featured a huge , creamy pearl encircled by alternating diamonds and sapphires .
tr	O	One 's a twenty two rifle , the other is a Three Eighty which we only have eight bullets for .
tr	I	' I 've got a feeling bad about this , ' Minos said .
tr	I	I would have said more , but a sharp in kick the ankle turned my intended question into a smothered gasp .
tr	I	Obviously torn , he gave finally in and pulled her to him before rolling over and settling her on his chest .
tr	I	Jeff 's eyes leave never Grant , Nicholas and Kayla .
tr	O	If a woman doesn 't give him the attention he needs , he loses interest then moves on to someone else .
tr	I	He pulled as away if I had shocked him .
tr	O	She wished she could just bury her head underneath the covers and never come out when she remembered her reaction to his kiss .
tr	O	A few more bullets slammed into the darkness around me , one passing close enough that I could feel the wind of it on my face .
tr	O	Sheila was greatly amused by the fire and by this time had reclined herself on the bunk beckoning me to ravish her .
tr	O	I could feel his yearning to break free .
tr	I	I don 't think that Jerry is a giant squid , but created Jerry the giant squid that attacked us .
tr	I	He 'd Julia promised that .
tr	I	His gasping breaths were weaker getting now .
tr	I	Instead , she washed conditioned and as quickly as she could , gritting her teeth against the throbbing pain in her head .
tr	O	He slugged back the rest of the stone-cold coffee in one long swallow , making Noelle wonder just how badly he needed the caffeine .
tr	O	The fire spreads to the ground immediately .
tr	O	He tightened his body , forcing me still while closing his eyes and losing the ability to kiss me back .
tr	I	Gel couldn 't quite understand how had she managed it .
tr	O	He sat for a moment , then decided to leave them .
tr	I	He looked up from where he was pouring two small glasses something of pale pink .
tr	O	A few moments later they heard the first bang , followed quickly by another .
tr	O	Two of his friends had remembered .
tr	I	She needn 't have said them , but I couldn 't be happier she that had .
tr	O	Alanna asked me to make sure when you get up that you , oh very good , you are wearing it .
tr	I	His words were like an aphrodisiac , and she let them her loosen tight control and soothe her concerns .
tr	O	Stu focused on the young Yorkshireman 's vibe .
tr	I	Bronwyn 's didn breathing 't sound as deep as it had earlier , so I risked giving her a jostle with my elbow .
tr	O	Christine had been most animated .
tr	O	Was he the kind who 'd gone in hopes of joining the military or because of a near brush with the law ?
tr	I	It had a been success .
tr	I	It time was to go .
tr	I	They met at a named restaurant the Sea View Café , which had seating outside .
tr	I	Instead , with his free hand , he pulled his phone out of his pocket and began taking of photos the pieces closest to them .
tr	O	We ended up at a campfire with my cousins instead .
tr	I	I removed my sunglasses , too , hung and them from the waist of my jeans .
tr	O	She wondered what had become of Elena 's amulet .
tr	I	I considered implications the of that and chose not to pursue the matter any further .
tr	O	Instead , I reached out with my magic and listened to the murmurs of the museum itself .
tr	O	The finishing touch was a silver crown inlaid with tiny diamonds .
tr	I	Chapter 20 put I some hot chocolate mix into my cup .
tr	O	I cry out , taking all of him and wanting more .
tr	O	Lotti stopped what she was doing and looked at Jill .
tr	I	Two hours and four changing sessions later , Sara paid for blue the dress .
tr	I	Perhaps the gods you despise .
tr	I	She had to wanted help him so badly .
tr	I	Blaine swore at amateur his mistake .
tr	I	Prue ran her hand his down side , cupped his ass in her palm .
tr	I	Smoothing her hand across the polished oak desk , she inhaled deeply and let out it slowly .
tr	I	He was to supposed be stateside , but then he just disappeared off the face of the map .
tr	I	That was he where wanted to go from here .
tr	O	My eyes blinked furiously , and I found my voice .
tr	I	He his jerked head at the cab and grinned .
tr	O	his terrified voice drifted at her from different angles and his lips didn 't move .
tr	O	You have to stay here .
tr	I	The Artifact was rock a .
tr	O	She looked at him with such frightened eyes that he was almost sorry he had mentioned it .
tr	O	She paced her bedroom , feeling more misused with every circuit she made .
tr	I	The boosters reverberation turned a into groan that increased to a roar .
tr	I	He smiled my and heart pounded like a drum in my chest .
tr	I	For while a neither of them spoke , but then John felt the pressure on his arm as Ella suddenly stopped to look across the lake .
tr	I	Jude heard the censure that had crept back into his voice , the blame he placed on her , she and felt weighed down by it .
tr	I	Jeff had labeled it ' Amy ' and both lines joined part of way the to become one .
tr	O	If this is a siege , then I 'm willing to wait forever .
tr	O	' A true friend is one who listens with the heart , does not judge and accepts you as you are . '
tr	I	She was still a little nervous about letting them spend a of lot time together .
tr	I	I didn 't bother telling Stella about it , afraid she might things make awkward .
tr	I	I don know 't .
tr	I	Inside the house Don Vito the heard shooting .
tr	O	He was very pale , there was no discernible rise and fall to his chest .
tr	O	I think you can handle anything now !
tr	I	Almost as swiftly as it had arisen , the horrible sensation in Ryan 's mind subsided , time this disappearing altogether .
tr	O	Well Prince Charming is probably inside waiting for me . '
tr	O	The Stoics also argued that nature was a system designed by divine beings and they taught that humans should therefore strive to live in accordance with nature .
tr	I	Denver is City growing rapidly .
tr	I	It wasn 't going to about be sex at all .
tr	O	Josie rested her hand above my knee .
tr	I	Instead she had to resort to intimidating an secretary overworked .
tr	I	Suddenly , she heard a behind clink her and noticed the door ajar , leading to what he 'd told her was the attic .
tr	O	We require that you bring One Thousand Dollars to the Washington Monument at Eleven tonight .
tr	O	~ ~ ~ ~ I materialized in an alley .
tr	I	They will come , two the people from Yamato .
tr	O	His eyes were exactly the way Mom described them -- as blue as the sea .
tr	I	Just by there being .
tr	I	One of the girls next spoke .
tr	I	She rummaged around the in cabinets , finding an emergency sewing kit in the jumble of toiletries .
tr	I	I 'm sure he didn 't mean that way the it sounded .
tr	I	The shouting and laughing started before I could even the see team .
tr	O	He was gorgeous , even stumbling drunk .
tr	O	I know what happens .
tr	O	Nothing they could do would keep him alive .
tr	I	I 'm saved trouble the of deciding what to say by the ringing of his phone .
tr	O	Then the two of you can get the hell out .
tr	O	You 're both trying to stop it , but here 's the thing .
tr	O	Her hands were clasped over her chest .
tr	I	Seth laid down some more paperwork in of front me .
tr	I	Zeus without nodded looking at him .
tr	I	But for now , he would get to his room , clean up and then head for the hustle and of bustle the Casino .
tr	O	She couldn 't find the energy to hold Lucian to her ; she could only enjoy the sensations his mouth at her breast was producing .
tr	O	I snapped my head to the culprits .
tr	I	Grace was on her before feet she could stop herself .
tr	O	She didn 't understand the need for a walk-in closet in a baby room but she was sure he 'd want to fill the shelves full .
tr	O	I didn 't know .
tr	I	I went back to packing picnic the basket feeling guilty .
tr	O	said a voice at his side .
tr	I	Almost simultaneously he felt a sharp kick to his face the and book was prised from his hands .
tr	I	He lied about the incident in the Korean store shoe a month ago .
tr	I	He stole from our target and wanted to me take Winkler out so 's he could get away with it .
tr	I	Kenna pretty 's face scrunched irritably and she turned her back on him in a gesture of dismissal .
tr	I	But when comes it to Roland a wall erects itself between us and will not have any of it .
tr	O	He needed to mentally prepare himself for his first practice with the team .
tr	I	Fear coiled around insides her , colder than ice .
tr	I	The minute I stepped out of the car , bugs swarmed around me , probably searching for the and fattest juiciest parts of my body to attack .
tr	O	After that , we have lots of decisions to make .
tr	I	The gray light filtered over another face and figure , his old friend Al Davis , peaceful and content in the arms his of soundly sleeping wife .
tr	I	I had no when idea that had changed .
tr	I	You what know the University puts us through .
tr	O	As I scanned the shadowy crowd , I spotted Grayson .
tr	O	Was this the original level she 'd been on before crashing through the rope bridge ?
tr	O	She was a tall woman with a colorful dress sense .
tr	O	Paul 's decision to marry was more a family ritual than an individual desire .
tr	I	I made take myself a deep , calming breath and continued .
tr	I	Mrs Roman was thought of very highly by the family , and they wouldn 't appreciate Evie talking to down her .
tr	O	I never fit in , but now I know why and I 'm okay with it .
tr	I	He sobered suddenly , stopped and walking , turning to me to take my hands .
tr	O	Riley thought , still a little disappointed .
tr	I	Jane eyes 's filled with tears .
tr	O	That reminds me of a joke : what do you call a chainsaw in Saudi Arabia ?
tr	O	He almost dropped her when her body went rigid , then began fighting him for everything she was worth .
tr	I	He on shifted his bent legs .
tr	O	Most artists claimed that the end of a project was the easiest for them , but it had always been just the opposite for Vicki .
tr	I	Standing in center the of the platform was Seth and Tony 's father Pastor Jack Rhine .
tr	I	Thank for you not letting me slip away .
tr	O	Trix 's eyes watered as she tried to fight back the spilling of the salty tears .
tr	I	They couldn believe 't it .
tr	I	She glared at him , her long hair wild , small her fists clenched .
tr	O	Remember , the less information that you give to them and the more you can discern , the more it will help to keep you safe .
tr	O	Was she doing something illegal ?
tr	I	His hands were on her shoulders and he drew her back and slipped his arms around waist her .
tr	I	' Back to York New ?
tr	I	The classroom was cold and silent , the and air seemed to hang heavily .
tr	I	Ethan had started this , and now wanted she to know more .
tr	I	Who would you marry , how many kids would you have , would what your house look like , where would you work ?
tr	O	She was going to slice me open .
tr	O	Well , go ahead .
tr	I	Save yourself and them the heartache and just and come live with us .
tr	O	We were not lying .
tr	I	He had four feet to to go the railing , where the cement below would ensure the guitar 's destruction .
tr	O	We lapsed into silence .
tr	I	What the hell was going with on them ?
tr	I	Linda who 'd thankfully remotely been managing them booked them into a cheap hotel .
tr	I	He collapsed on mattress the .
tr	O	Yet instead of driving to Crescent Moon , Thomas found himself pulling into Edward 's isolated street .
tr	O	Veron bellowed , swinging his fist , and they started fighting .
tr	I	As danced we , her smell brought me back to those moments we 'd spent alone together before leaving for college .
tr	O	His lips weren 't quite so purple .
tr	I	We were both anxious to watch him perform since we only had seen the end of his first set .
tr	I	Never in all her life had she a realized kiss could be so good .
tr	I	She threw the front opened door and ran out into the night .
tr	O	He couldn 't attack Lorcan , not while he held that knife at Keira 's throat , but he could go after the others .
tr	I	She didn 't have explain to why to Summer .
tr	I	She 'd to intended intercept him , make him an offer he couldn 't refuse .
tr	O	To be honest , it kind of hurt to talk .
tr	O	Rawlings went to the center of the room and cleared his throat .
tr	I	A sudden burst of static made cat the jump on my lap : the claws dug in further .
tr	I	After they sat , a waiter handed a Clay menu .
tr	I	The hound 't didn seem to be finished hunting .
tr	I	Her eyes narrowed when our met eyes .
tr	O	He is so insanely beautiful to look at .
tr	I	I 'd like to think that everyone gets a second chance at something better , no what matter they did in their life here .
tr	I	I pressed the emergency stop button and pushed against her the wall .
tr	O	The wooden fences separate the woods from the village .
tr	O	Lee looked across at Haddington with a smile on his face .
tr	O	Soon the strong males , gathered bodies and placed them outside the wreck , there , they were dismembered by the females .
tr	I	Everyone is topside on one side now , she thought .
tr	O	She is assured that my charm will win you over .
tr	O	' What is this thing about owls ? '
tr	I	We 'll worry about later that . '
tr	I	I at grinned her .
tr	O	I daresay he 'll think we let you run positively wild . '
tr	O	But as I say it , I know that he 'll say no , and that I 'd race anyway .
tr	I	In she school was on the school newspaper and she said it was really fun , so I joined the school newspaper and I met Sarah .
tr	I	The phone rang several times , and just as went Ruby to hang up she heard a crackle and Jesse was on the line .
tr	I	He did get opportunities some , at the school .
tr	O	Eight doesn 't back down , still smiling , like it 's all just a goof .
tr	O	I know it looks like it , but I don 't .
tr	I	Yes name my is Molly .
tr	O	There was food to be ordered and lodging to be prepared .
tr	O	He is to come with us for further questioning .
tr	I	FIVE after days Ashley returned from Quebec City , father was on the telephone .
tr	O	His uncle didn 't smoke anymore .
tr	I	' Yes , I think it appeal will to you .
tr	O	I watch as the liaison officer locks the cell door firmly behind her and leaves me in silence .
tr	I	Nothing like being direct , thought Lydia .
tr	O	I moved out of the way , but not soon enough and the glass sliced my thigh before breaking against the brick wall .
tr	I	Balance , slide , run across the landing to the next of set stairs .
tr	O	You know how he deceived us for close to five hundred years and encased Martina for centuries because he hoped it would destroy our family .
tr	I	His first step almost sent tumbling him right down on his face .
tr	O	I travel my hands up her thighs , to her waist , then up under her shirt , pulling it over her head in the process .
tr	I	I was to helpless defend myself , absorbing blow after blow .
tr	I	My mouth was painfully dry , my throat felt shut swollen , and my hands wouldn 't stop shaking .
tr	I	Rocco chose that moment to move to the back seat , his attention to drawn something she couldn 't understand .
tr	O	They sounded like flesh tearing , like the wailing of the damned on the sea of fire .
tr	O	' Just a bit .
tr	O	A waiter answered the door as soon as she walked in and took her wrap .
tr	I	He embraced never her .
tr	O	' Okay , you know what this means ? '
tr	I	Instead of drawing two the of them together , it seemed to have driven them apart .
tr	I	There was no Armageddon or significant world when event the Mayan calendar ended on December 21 , 2012 .
tr	O	Just like your mother .
tr	I	I immensely was relieved to see him .
tr	O	Every instinct he had was screaming at him .
tr	O	I need to learn how to defend myself -- and you .
tr	I	Sarah and kept Galen the stove going and talked about herbs and potions through the long cold days .
tr	I	It into dropped a crouch , the Cane 's muzzle all but hidden in the deep cowl of its cloak .
tr	I	We waited what felt like an eternity but one no came or went .
tr	O	Only the gods could have sent that blasted storm and accomplished such a feat .
tr	I	Kendra shook head her .
tr	I	Pigeon watched the field of tombstones before him , the wall , the and dark road beyond .
tr	O	Inside the car , the woman hurled herself across the man 's chest , almost strangling him with his seatbelt .
tr	O	There was fire in me , and for the moment , that fire was stronger than the fear .
tr	O	Not always the most comfortable sensation .
tr	I	He his kept features absolutely expressionless .
tr	I	Hard to do when cushioned in Charlotte 's soft bed and surrounded by feminine her scent , a scent he 'd missed while he 'd been gone .
tr	I	He slid the nail file on the clippers into useable a position and scraped sand , and any other material hiding under his nails .
tr	O	Or even e-mail the footage and erase the record .
tr	O	She dug around there , too , but came out empty handed .
tr	I	Jaxon made a concentrated effort to do the same , using Lucian as anchor an while she moved within the field of evil gas .
tr	O	I don 't know why no one has spotted us .
tr	O	Cassandra greeted her at the door with her mouth hanging open .
tr	I	It was the best could he do .
tr	O	Then I had to file for bankruptcy because I spent my life savings putting my psycho fucking daughter through rehab three times .
tr	I	She better deserved than me .
tr	O	You had to figure that out for yourself or buy additional programming that helped a little .
tr	I	Can I borrow phone your ? '
tr	O	Much later , the light went on and the others came quietly into the cabin .
tr	O	That living carpet now crackled and shifted beneath each deputy 's feet , concealing and revealing with each movement .
tr	I	The engine over turned and over , but wouldn 't catch .
tr	O	Dave put up his right hand .
tr	I	Grinning so wide he thought the corners of his mouth would split , John walked back the to beach to look for his bedding and net bag .
tr	I	The Far Side of the Nate Alamo Tucker was simply overwhelmed by the entire proceeding .
tr	O	I glanced at Jenny , sitting beside me .
tr	I	We kiss until I get dizzy and stumble back , tipping almost us over .
tr	I	They they knew were doomed .
tr	I	Isabelle 's gaze flicked Jordan to .
tr	I	Luckily , she 'd always a been fast talker .
tr	O	Rose asked the Scribe , thoroughly out of her depth .
tr	O	He wasn 't hungry so he only ordered a soft drink , but the looks they gave him made it worthwhile .
tr	O	Claire opened her mouth to speak , then closed it to reconsider .
tr	O	And what about air pollution ?
tr	O	He was determined to take it because he felt he deserved it .
tr	I	Fortunately , had Elizabeth slowly gained the strength she 'd needed to stand up to their stepmother .
tr	I	He was a serious baby who grew into a serious toddler , and I expect became ultimately a very serious adolescent .
tr	O	Defiance was in her own cold voice .
tr	O	She studied him from behind her menu and felt reckless .
tr	I	Proper authorities , meaning whomever Monroe suspected being of the mole .
tr	O	As Connor exited the bar he watched Takeo remain in the same place .
tr	I	She 'd sitting been at the bar for the last hour .
tr	O	The bitter taste of bile rose in the back of my throat .
tr	O	And Emily wanted to know about the fuel agency .
tr	I	There no were strawberries left .
tr	I	The inside of her one-room cottage was cozier I than 'd expected .
tr	O	It seemed to be a new concept we were practicing with one another and having a rough time of it .
tr	O	Dario stood up again .
tr	O	His response was rather dramatic : he shot backwards over the reporters ' heads and landed some ten feet behind them .
tr	I	Cole Bell pushed a waded sanitary towel firmly into his mouth , then slapped a large of piece duct tape across it .
tr	O	As a result , he felt smothered at times .
tr	O	You need to come back to the hospital as soon you can .
tr	O	To say I was in a snit would be putting it mildly .
tr	I	Before I realized what was happening , he 'd withdrawn a from syringe his cloak and dug it deep into my neck .
tr	O	I want two cruise missiles launched ; one to those coordinates and one three kilometers due east .
tr	O	The remainder of the afternoon was spent cuddling on the couch and gently going over the details of Stephanie 's mistake .
tr	I	His hands twitched his in lap .
tr	I	Jake could also several see strategically positioned men wearing dark glasses seated nearby .
tr	O	The agent gave her a sympathetic smile .
tr	O	A last minute gamble .
tr	I	Restless , Jacob and stood paced around the room , snagged her coat , turned the heat down .
tr	I	Aimee rolled eyes her , leaning in to check her make-up .
tr	O	The phone fell from Andra 's fingers .
tr	I	This was Nolan all 's fault .
tr	O	I closed the door again .
tr	I	Kids began leaving hallways the , and finding their seats .
tr	O	If you want something to kick around the house , buy a dog .
tr	I	I pulled away and darted of inside the house .
tr	I	That was why it was so hard replicate to .
tr	I	Verity 's head came up sharply the at diffident tone in Caitlin 's voice .
tr	O	He wondered if he should stop .
tr	O	I shoved the tiny wolf back into my pocket .
tr	I	' Why would a fine weapon like that left be on display instead of being put to use ? '
tr	O	Dead before he even had time to realize he was dead , though he began to wonder why they hadn 't just killed him already .
tr	I	The side door proved locked , and the automatic entrance too heavy me for to lift .
tr	I	He cried out in pain , pressing one hand his over eyes .
tr	O	I shook hands with her mother , gently touching her mind and feeling the kindness and bewilderment .
tr	I	That ship had sailed a long time ago and I 't didn need saving - not anymore .
tr	I	We greeted both him with a nod and took seats next to him at the table .
tr	I	The tiny object have must been tens of miles away , staring at it , in hopes it would grow in size faster yielded poor results .
tr	I	I told Frida that if that what 's they thought was best , I would do what was best for the company .
tr	I	The salmon would live there for about two weeks or less , and be released as soon as were they ready to move upstream and spawn .
tr	O	Adam set the menu in front of me before sitting down across from me and glancing back at the door .
tr	I	I the pulled door open , but before I could slide in I heard a noise .
tr	O	He took off the shirt , and rested it on the back of a chair .
tr	I	And maybe 's Christian freedom depended on what he could remember .
tr	I	But you know as well as I do that the Sandpoint Strangler dead is .
tr	I	We 've packed up food , water , and a few clothes , and we ready 're to go .
tr	O	She started to make herself a joint , carefully sticking three cigarette papers together .
tr	I	Reverend Raymond looked at Riley as if he fully expected him to sprout and horns drag out a pitchfork .
tr	O	( The sugar bowl , that is .
tr	O	I drew a box in the middle of the marker board and an X to the left .
tr	O	He was sweating the entire lunch , too , though that could 've just been the heat .
tr	O	Roman needed no further encouragement .
tr	I	His arms itched to around close her now .
tr	I	It didn 't take him long to have her sat on his with desk her legs wide open .
tr	I	He wouldn 't meet eyes her , and she was glad .
tr	O	He forced himself to look away , to disengage .
tr	O	She should have gone down to the beach and obliterated all those marks .
tr	O	Some were lounging in front of a TV , bowls of popcorn in front of them - that they didn 't eat .
tr	I	With a rush of air , was he beside me , tugging my hands from my face .
tr	I	You said I couldn 't tel anyone about our plan Jared because would find out .
tr	O	Apparently , she didn 't either -- she 'd thought for sure he was a goner .
tr	O	He was getting quite worked up about it , spittle showing on his beard as white dots glinting in the light .
tr	I	Kylie tried understand to .
tr	I	I glance reception around .
tr	O	This wasn 't playtime and that definitely wasn 't make-believe .
tr	O	If there 's something in that trailer to be found , we 'll find it .
tr	I	An edge that had never previously existed narrowed 's Charming eyes and stiffened her jaw .
tr	O	They were climbing to the top of a tower .
tr	O	I squeezed her hand even tighter , not ready to let go .
tr	O	Before Kylie got to her side , Della popped back up , apparently unharmed .
tr	I	She making 's this hard .
tr	O	Our foes approached us , confident and blithe , like mowers getting set to ply the scythe .
tr	I	Andrew stood beside him silently for long a moment .
tr	I	to her first customer , in a tone suggested that she 'd like to help him in more ways than one .
tr	I	I don 't think he did that to Mrs. Meyer , though God knows she where is right now .
tr	O	He pulled her across the narrow space onto his lap .
tr	I	If there was one thing that could destroy this ship in one fell swoop , was it the boiler .
tr	O	My face grew hot as I thought of the previous day .
tr	I	I just told him where everyone had to decided meet .
tr	O	She caught the aroma of new wood and then she was placed in a space so tight that she barely had shoulder room .
tr	O	But when I think of him , I think of a golden retriever .
tr	I	And she knew that she couldn 't wait see to him again .
tr	O	Mai asks , almost laughing at her own dumb joke .
tr	O	I was so astonished , I almost spat coffee all over the table .
tr	O	It seemed like a year ago .
tr	I	I stronger am than the rest but those two can easily put me down .
tr	I	But she needed to hear the words directly from Jed in order to get sense a of how he felt about the night 's events .
tr	I	I feel the sting in my eyes I because want nothing more than to run to my best friend 's house and into her waiting arms .
tr	O	Gerald stepped up to the box office window first .
tr	I	Of course , 'd he been referring to the stock market , getting in , getting out , capitalizing on the deal , making money .
tr	I	Caleb pulls me from up the bench .
tr	I	I needed some kind of reassurance she that wasn 't about to jump off a cliff .
tr	O	The entire game of croquet is a like a balance of European power .
tr	I	He only he knew wanted her more with every passing second ... even as she tried to push him farther away .
tr	O	Angelica sat in the chair , unmoving , long after Voss staggered from the chamber .
tr	I	The words were barely out of Niko 's mouth before a sudden , hum odd rent the air around them .
tr	O	Her voice was cracking and hoarse now , but still full of power .
tr	O	He dropped his head .
tr	O	Nicko maneuvered the Hunter 's canoe along the wave toward them , deftly twisting and turning it as he went .
tr	O	And now she was supposed to be with him ?
tr	I	Right now , a shower was the only she thing wanted .
tr	I	She tried to turn around , to only have his hold tighten even more and suddenly she understood .
tr	I	Coop gestured to telephone the .
tr	O	He did so and for once the shuttle wasn 't losing height and her forward momentum kept her straight and level .
tr	I	He let loose her hand , looking over the barren landscape behind and her closing his eyes .
tr	O	Pete whispered , still wrestling with his bowstring .
tr	I	He had apparently recognized the Swiss officer from news the .
tr	O	You say you don 't need protection , but that is exactly what you do need .
tr	I	Jordan her hindered twice with the help of the white stone .
tr	I	What had done she ?
tr	O	Besides , I have argued with father a thousand times .
tr	I	Her simulated breath came in gasps -- and the tears 't wouldn stop .
tr	O	If they only knew .
tr	O	The vampire inclined his head in a deferential nod .
tr	O	We used to be friends .
tr	O	Waves of heat rose shimmering off the white stones of the castle .
tr	I	He out looked into the yard .
tr	I	Pete skin 's wasn 't as dark as Anna 's , but there was no mistaking his resemblance to her .
tr	I	What did you expect of me when he me ambushed that way ?
tr	I	I closed eyes my halfway and dozed for a bit .
tr	I	I 'm not sure how steps many I take before I feel the sting , the surge , the overwhelming cramp that overtakes my body .
tr	O	Julie drummed her fingers against the cup .
tr	I	He was hottest the man she 'd ever seen .
tr	I	Powerful love her overwhelmed .
tr	O	Sweating now , Caroline leaned her head back to gather her hair and twisted it up into one hand as she fanned herself with the other .
tr	I	She spun and about found herself staring into the barrel chest of an exceptionally tall man .
tr	O	There had been a card next to me .
tr	O	Barret shook his head .
tr	O	The man who treats me as his own .
tr	I	He looked enough calm , but his eyes were anything but .
tr	I	As Vane started the for front door , Stefan tried to follow , Wren stopped him .
tr	I	In her mindless state of hunger , she 'd lost her finesse , and fangs those sliced into a tendon .
tr	O	They were hardly youngsters , except from a pensioner 's viewpoint .
tr	I	Long after she 'd gone in , Reed sat in the car the remembering taste of Golden 's honey lips .
tr	I	All fluid movements , but a with practiced perfection that I know is all automatic with her .
tr	O	I glance over at the old , dilapidated kitchen where the floor is splitting in three places just shy of the walk-in fridge .
tr	I	Why she had gone against all she 'd ever learned to be with him ?
tr	I	Logan was on his knees the rubbing tummy of the very happy dog .
tr	I	What you won over ?
tr	I	What your and father your grandfather would have done .
tr	O	Kate 's so busy talking about herself she doesn 't even notice she 's lost his attention for a moment .
tr	O	I dropped my head , staring down at the shiny wood of the gymnasium floor .
tr	I	I rested my hands against bars the .
tr	O	It ruined your life .
tr	O	It was incredibly embarrassing , but it was true .
tr	I	1841 Still word no from Rufus .
tr	O	What had he done ?
tr	I	Catcher nodded , grabbed a marker blue , and filled in those stars .
tr	O	She passed Emily a business card .
tr	I	Her hand whipped and over caught his .
tr	O	Let me know if you need any further resource as a contingency against his prosecution of this threat .
tr	O	I felt his hand on my arm , but it only lasted for a moment .
tr	O	Abruptly she turned and went into the nearest stall , slamming the lock into place to signal she was done .
tr	O	How he sounded when he talked , and how good he made her feel when he held her close , or made her laugh .
tr	O	Then Mac 's gaze met a pair of deadly , icy eyes .
tr	I	Toby caught it and flicked it out and back then retracting and expelling the blade .
tr	O	The throne seemed to be made of flame and on it sat a monster , black shadows with red glaring eyes .
tr	I	Though last night that dream had changed little a .
tr	O	The description of the dish was as inconsistent as the story of why it was important to find it that evening .
tr	O	The two men glared at each other for several strained moments .
tr	O	Five years ago , he had been promised a raise .
tr	O	What she read horrified Scarlett .
tr	O	His arm came around Joni 's shoulder and a kiss landed on her temple as they followed the short-haired woman out the door and down the sidewalk .
tr	O	Her face wore a deadly serious expression as she bargained for a bunch of herbs with a vendor .
tr	O	The shard was almost as thick as her wrist and a foot long .
tr	I	He had told them he wouldn let 't Cliff hurt them .
tr	I	Then obnoxious this obsession with smelling his leather jacket would go away .
tr	I	Noah had never once expressed any concern about his fight , but I then never gave him the chance .
tr	O	It was blowing her way from the direction of her mum 's house .
tr	I	She sped her pace and sent it her flying into her orgasm headfirst .
tr	O	It will be very helpful if Kieron 's DNA is in the car , and that can become a fact , but isn 't just yet .
tr	O	I was standing up , which seemed like a miracle , considering how badly I was trembling .
tr	O	His eyes shone with the challenge as she untied her cloak and tossed it behind her .
tr	I	He 's in trouble he because tried to help me .
tr	O	The chopper then moved over the sub and dropped a three-man rescue harness , essentially three rubberized loops on a retractable cable .
tr	O	At the end of the pathway there was something in the distance distinctly redder than the surrounding sandstone .
tr	O	Here and there the sawdust was churned up by footsteps and spotted with a dark liquid that didn 't look like beer .
tr	O	He had learned to bide his time , amass wealth and power ; become an expert at illusion and patience .
tr	I	Ser was Glendon plainly furious at his introduction .
tr	O	Colonel Flood sounded as tired as I felt .
tr	O	I have a feeling that it isn 't just your career that will take off when I hang your work in my gallery .
tr	I	He 'd mauled her , and she 'd been to prepared leave him .
tr	O	With a sigh , Claire agreed , and let Bethan guide her back to the hostel .
tr	I	Mack had been able to keep them barely just above the main cannons .
tr	I	Laughing , snapped he a chain around her waist , locking it to her father 's chain before he hobbled away .
tr	I	He spoke softly , as if they were all alone , though Ariella stood only a few feet away and production staff moved in background the .
tr	O	He waved aside my question with a flip of his hand .
tr	O	Gathering all the strength I had , I inhaled and pushed myself away from him and from her , needing space to regain control of my body .
tr	O	And she was not appeased , but grieved in heart , fearing what might be done upon Middle-earth in days to come .
tr	O	He 's staring at me uncomfortably and it makes me fidget .
tr	I	Kate looked the at secretary .
tr	I	He made a small , piteous cry , and I tried to if remember the girl had cried or not .
tr	O	The dwarf and the guy with the lurid birthmark looked frazzled as they hustled to fill orders .
tr	O	It hurt me thinking about him abandoning me in a hospital .
tr	O	What caused it and could it happen again ?
tr	I	They were dismissive words , but they 't couldn erase the shadows beneath her eyes or the lines beside her mouth .
tr	I	She gazed at her mother 's and face tried to remember how she used to be .
tr	O	Perhaps sending Harry , Rachel and Daniel to the airport along first thing on Monday wasn 't such a good idea .
tr	I	I arched a at brow our reflections .
tr	I	How many rejections did receive you before you were finally published ?
tr	O	I look toward the door , where Eden 's probably pressed against the wood and trying in vain to hear what we 're saying .
tr	O	The walkway opened up onto a cozy patio , with another set of French doors leading into what he promised her was their apartment .
tr	I	He relinquished his on claim her lips and claimed her body instead .
tr	I	I bit the inside of my cheek to keep from smiling out sheer of delight .
tr	I	She patted the dog straightening before .
tr	I	All he 'd had to do sell was her out and make her and Travis 's lives a living hell .
tr	I	Buddy cut up some apples and carrots and led Mandy out to corral the for their nightly visit with Buck and Thunder .
tr	I	But that wouldn matter 't .
tr	O	Imagine what God can do to influence the probabilistic outcome of an event .
tr	I	Until he the found music .
tr	O	It was unfair that Hope should pay the price for something she had no idea about .
tr	I	I wanted to , I but couldn 't .
tr	I	Savannah , I realized , had pretty much the same effect every on guy , not just me .
tr	I	He gazed me at and I gazed back as we rode the elevator with several other people .
tr	O	The one I wanted .
tr	I	And back home are we something important .
tr	I	The elevator was as as silent a tomb .
tr	O	Alex turned her back on the garden and pushed herself up to sit beside her mother .
tr	I	She had once loved him with everything she had and how despite things ended she would always care for him .
tr	I	Ricky reached inside coat his .
tr	O	He wiped his hand on his shirt and cocked his head to the side .
tr	O	I had no suit , but I didn 't care .
tr	I	' Can you hear the crashing waves outside ?
tr	O	Now she 's running her index finger across my lower lip , and that 's it .
tr	I	Helping David recover from the loss of his wife was one of the things she wished most accomplish to , even more than cracking that intriguing code .
tr	O	The hollow restless nights wore on .
tr	I	The Nomads 3 Chapter .
tr	O	A guardsman took the Fiddler by the arm .
tr	O	I exhaled deeply , staring at the ceiling trying to find answers .
tr	I	I 't wasn sure how much more I could take .
tr	O	Sir Jeremy left the Sky Keep the next morning .
tr	O	Valerie nodded at them as she continued with her narration .
tr	I	The rain to began get heavier .
tr	O	Eventually the noise stopped .
tr	O	Dad 's proud to have been invited and keen to go , but Mum 's worried about Art and me .
tr	O	Lifting herself up she realized she was laying on her stomach dressed in an oversized night gown .
tr	O	Then she 'd dropped in to thank Rena for the advice .
tr	O	Nightingale shook his head slowly and sighed .
tr	O	He wagged a finger at Jack .
tr	I	I to want punch her .
tr	O	He cursed and shook his head .
tr	I	How can it fond be of anything ? '
tr	I	Riding through post theater traffic , we pawed way our back toward his apartment .
tr	I	The waitress a left glance on me as she served the drinks .
tr	I	He watched as his former slowly home tore apart .
tr	I	He knew had Elijah it in his inside cloak pocket securely fastened in place .
tr	I	No there limits , nor boundaries , only the nostrils quivering at the game , the surging musculature , the body fluids , the scent of decadence .
tr	I	If said he those words one more time , I might scream .
tr	O	Entering the room will kill Mauricio .
tr	I	Was there some law they all had to be the same , old , thing tired ?
tr	O	Adam had spent his career learning what information to provide when and to whom .
tr	I	This is as close to justice I as was gon na get .
tr	I	None of seemed them like they would have much in common .
tr	O	He thought she was joking .
tr	O	The valet led her through a little antechamber and nodded at the door .
tr	I	The only excuse she had was it that seemed to make him even more confused and angry than it did her .
tr	O	She turned then , her face wet with tears .
tr	I	I mean , I told them they where could find you and still they screw it up .
tr	I	She wondered if he 'd even a had telephone prior to the explosion .
tr	I	The light changed had .
tr	O	She had dark brown hair pulled back into a pony tail and serious brown eyes .
tr	I	My mind racing was to figure a way out .
tr	O	Instead of a suit he 'll probably where that stupid apron of his .
tr	I	Or maybe had it been a combination of the two .
tr	I	Gideon grinned at back her .
tr	O	When the door shut and she was alone in the hall she thought that it was almost too easy .
tr	I	If I give to in you , I lose forever .
tr	I	I kissed him and again he kissed me back passionately .
tr	O	I wiped at them hastily .
tr	I	He pulled me over to the 's passenger side .
tr	O	No only did he love me , he really liked me too .
tr	I	And the what hell ?
tr	O	He pulled the pad of paper to the center of the desk , pushing the scraps to the side , set down his mug .
tr	I	They had stop to at a ranger station and register , and then were given strict instructions on what was allowed and what was not .
tr	I	We across sped town , siren shrieking .
tr	I	Reaching the central pedestal , Rift sees the small platform is in covered symbols , but there is no portal to be utilized .
tr	I	This is source a of enormous cynicism .
tr	I	The bathroom wasn 't big but had it every modern amenity , including a whirlpool bath , which she eyed with naked lust .
tr	I	Maybe we can this talk over .
tr	I	She met him , welcomed him , her and soft moan of pleasure almost drove him over the edge .
tr	I	Can you tell us about anything what happened here ?
tr	O	As for hearing noises in that corner of the gym , that could be a set-up , too .
tr	O	Startled , Golden swung around to see a smiling David standing in the doorway .
tr	I	Devon 's flushed cheeks .
tr	O	To avoid Deb 's increasingly panic-stricken face , Sean again glanced at the email on his phone .
tr	O	She watched the gleam at window grow , till the long light was shimmering on land and leaf ; on grass below grey dew was glimmering .
tr	I	You people aren 't to supposed know .
tr	I	He was their leader ; he had taken what he wanted had , and that was the role he would play until the end .
tr	I	Their drinks are nearly the same , and I 'm already trained on the all equipment they use .
tr	I	My kind will respect the transfer power of .
tr	O	The following six months were the most painful and unpleasant memories I carry in my life .
tr	I	~ ~ ~ SYNDROME ANTENNA New York , 2026 .
tr	O	Skin adorned with sores and boils dripped from their bones .
tr	O	' More to the point , why didn 't you report it to me ? '
tr	O	It exploded just in front of the Germans , knocking one of them to the ground .
tr	I	She had be to here , waiting for her appointment .
tr	I	Besides , the surface was so smooth that even she would be unable to it climb .
tr	I	For the blood I spill for to coin build this wonderful village .
tr	O	He worked from the bottom up and then down , tightening and loosening until moisture formed at the tip and slipped over their linked hands .
tr	O	After she no longer had to eat them she found that she rather liked the inexpensive little meal .
tr	O	But I never see mine again .
tr	I	When the pain reached her stomach , she felt like vomiting and when it reached lungs her , her breath came out strained .
tr	I	Owen By the time the summer was over and Drew and I made our back way to the dock he was sick of me .
tr	I	That just wasn true 't .
tr	O	Z stopped talking and gazed up at the overhead cab .
tr	I	Even so , his hair was wild , his countenance as angry he paced .
tr	I	She stopped , if as tripped by a vagrant thought , then went on as if nothing had happened .
tr	I	The pull the of tide fascinated her .
tr	I	The stewardess the at plane ushered her forward , which put her somewhat at ease .
tr	O	When all this is over , it 's up to them whether or not we stay .
tr	I	' What about the labels smaller ? '
tr	I	Before she could lunge at him , he jumped up , stuffing himself with into difficulty his pants .
tr	O	It would be a challenge , but she was up to it .
tr	O	In the moonlight she looked wildly erotic , impossibly sexy .
tr	I	In fact , this would be an easy way to get back them at .
tr	O	she asked , panic in her voice .
tr	O	The Queen is bound to be in the thick of it .
tr	O	I asked the canine .
tr	I	His twined tongue with hers , capturing it , and he teased a moan from her as he rolled his hips against her .
tr	I	I mutter , making the for door .
tr	I	Gail was nowhere around as far as Julia tell could .
tr	O	The best word to describe my father is frumpy .
tr	I	A pool spread front in of me .
tr	I	But you 'll about think your other wishes ?
tr	O	But they were caught , and your father was found guilty , along with them .
tr	I	When he was done , the temporary marks he would left form a clear artistic pattern .
tr	I	He spotted couple a surveying the area in front of him .
tr	I	Sam 've must known it too .
tr	I	He raised Rashid his double provocation .
tr	O	Now he shot with a great yew bow , till all his arrows but one were spent .
tr	I	' Pull over sweetheart , ' Barbara said pointing to a hotel away from road the .
tr	O	Was all of it a lie ?
tr	O	I shook my head .
tr	I	Anyway , everything kept moving faster faster and as it rushed toward that bright light .
tr	I	He grinned and threw both hands high before letting them down slap against his thighs again .
tr	I	Her common sense said to it let go .
tr	O	Mike almost felt comfortable as the young man motioned to a barstool for him to sit down on .
tr	I	Black the ... color that dominated her sight while the room began to spin .
tr	I	As soon as he was gone , Kyle guessed he was going to get harangued Callie by , so he went on the offensive .
tr	I	I wanted his fingers to touch like me that everywhere .
tr	I	This was the burned out village of the Leaf Yellow .
tr	I	Ten minutes ago , he 'd taken off his shirt and her mouth had out dried .
tr	O	There were already five other people in the room staring up at it , trying to figure out how it got there .
tr	I	He fell and as gravity pushed him , he Ember noticed below about to swing her black sword .
tr	I	I shouted , then hustled backwards them .
tr	I	Chase 's crooked smile returned he as watched her .
tr	I	We ran we until hit another intersection and then stopped .
tr	O	She ate most meals in the truck , however .
tr	O	His forehead left mine .
tr	I	All a of sudden I felt very apprehensive .
tr	I	Sullivan rubbed harder at the wrinkle his between eyebrows .
tr	I	It was a fine end to the day best of my life .
tr	I	Better still , the demon stone had absorbed the poison in his body , and within a heartbeats few , he was back on his feet .
tr	O	Alexander stood behind me , his hands on my shoulders .
tr	O	The air was cool and trees whispered in the breeze .
tr	O	This was serious business .
tr	O	He seemed be either a little shy or a little embarrassed as he held his head down and stuck out his hand to shake her extended hand .
tr	I	What would do he ?
tr	I	The pain finally became too much for her as her body dropped to the ground , the black light moving still on her body .
tr	I	Brent is a man who lives in the near future , a crumbling civilization where feeds man upon man .
tr	O	Her face , which is normally lovely I am sure , is twisted at the moment into something unrecognizable as human .
tr	I	The dress was actually an embellished bodice with a sweetheart cut , while the skirt was seven around layers of lace and intricate beading .
tr	O	I smile and wipe my sleeve across my face to remove the moisture .
tr	I	In the dark , I felt breath his quicken , half a beat .
tr	O	A few of them flew across the road .
tr	O	I hesitated for half a second before answering .
tr	I	If he 'd wanted me here earlier , he should have made it and mandatory told us on the first day of class .
tr	I	She was a miracle of heat , of fire , pouring into him , cleansing him until he brand-new felt .
tr	O	The house went on the market and no one except servants returned to pack up their belongings .
tr	O	David had long ago discovered that as a parent the only plausible scenarios were those worst-case scenarios .
tr	O	Her husband had bought it on their first wedding anniversary .
tr	I	Hannah dosed eyes her and dragged in a deep breath .
tr	I	She felt relieved once she had the made choice .
tr	I	I 'm a such psycho .
tr	O	Sera still had her doubts about that .
tr	O	Locke and Setzer lowered their gazes to the table .
tr	O	The chime of his rim tapping hers sounded light compared to her dark and dangerous thoughts .
tr	I	Ryder hesitated and clicked the blade back inside the knife , got off Dean and resumed automatically his concrete stance .
tr	O	Devin appeared from nowhere , blocking her exit .
tr	O	I shook my head .
tr	I	You 've should left it like that !
tr	I	They 're a pair now , the of two them , holding fast .
tr	I	I cannot see ; her for God 's sake , do not let her enter ! '
tr	I	Here was a loose rein that could satisfy the requirements fail-safe .
tr	O	His whole body was on fire .
tr	O	Jonas pointed at Nate .
tr	O	In fact it didn 't seem like more than a business arrangement , or maybe just a really bad mistake .
tr	I	I was proof a with relationship a vampire couldn 't work .
tr	O	As we continued , the terrain had turned rocky and once again uphill , so our forward progress slowed .
tr	O	I 'm worried she 'll hate me again if I tell her everything .
tr	I	It barely was past midday .
tr	I	Without warning , he and shifted stood .
tr	O	I pushed myself off the locker and straightened my spine .
tr	O	He stepped to the door .
tr	O	Indignation narrowed the human 's eyes .
tr	O	He had learned , adapted , and evolved to become the single dominant force in the galaxy .
tr	O	There was no way he was answering , he was probably calling to yell at him for being such a fool .
tr	O	It 's a last resort , and the only place I can think of where I might find Rod Quinn .
tr	O	Did he hear right ?
tr	I	then stood up quietly and did a brilliant of impression a normal , frightened person .
tr	O	She couldn 't have been mistaken about that .
tr	I	And she had , course of .
tr	O	The reverend 's car hasn 't been seen since .
tr	I	I 'm not going to cheat on Henry no matter season what it is , and I don 't care how much time passes .
tr	O	Her eyes were lined with a soft brown , her lips an edible red .
tr	I	Someone who would want her for herself , for not who her father was .
tr	I	Perhaps , but for her , I would put have it all away .
tr	I	And while Damien 's entry only moments ago might have like felt the cavalry , now those prickles of stress and nerves are starting up again .
tr	I	A large tree mirror , with its glassy bark , was growing over what had once been the doorway .
tr	O	He took a nipple into his mouth , tugged on it with his teeth , and she jolted .
tr	O	Maybe it was the fact that he realized she needed space and cared enough to give it to her .
tr	O	Just when he thought she was going to balk against telling them exactly where the caves were , she slipped silently from the woods .
tr	I	I walked the length of the ship , and the Captain words 's still rang in my ears .
tr	I	Suddenly , I was the center of attention , something I that very much did not want to be right now .
tr	I	I hadn 't slept in two days ; long my hair was greasy and knotted into an impossible mess on the top of my head .
tr	O	You let your fear of him blind you .
tr	O	I knew she wouldn 't push me on issues like marriage .
tr	I	This a was normal thing .
tr	O	Sasha was surprised to find she was not annoyed by his insistence on protecting her .
tr	I	Echo as asked her head sank into the soft pillow .
tr	O	He said he couldn 't focus on work if he was worrying about me .
tr	I	But with something as complicated and contrary to your nature as buying dress a ?
tr	O	I would never forget the cold , majestic wonder that waited amongst those stone giants .
tr	I	She 'd told him her big secret , and instead of trying to use it her against , he was willing to help her keep it .
tr	I	Covering the distance between them , he cupped her cheek and backed her up until she was the against wall .
tr	I	He stared at the barrel of the strange gun didn and 't see his whole life flash before his eyes .
tr	I	And her parents didn even 't notice she was gone .
tr	O	His veins protruded off his forehead .
tr	I	I asked , as I looked back to up his eyes .
tr	O	The good news : I no longer felt like I was dying of fatigue .
tr	I	She moved next to me and her crossed arms in front of her , staring at the reporter .
tr	O	A detached calm settled over Kaylee 's mind as Miguel turned his attention downward again , and she ceased her struggling against him .
tr	O	I grab the matching denim back pack and pull the door open .
tr	I	Once , Alec had looked her at with a heat so scorching it burned her skin .
tr	I	Furthermore , he no had intention of stopping her .
tr	I	How would look that ?
tr	I	My only was thought on the football practice after school .
tr	O	The best thing I could do for myself was move on .
tr	I	She turned to Kali with wink a .
tr	I	The night we met ... Bliss , I don 't do normally things like that .
tr	I	Yet this wasn part 't of the vision , the scars were real .
tr	I	Images of Jenna Cavanaugh and Thomas Ian , two of Real Ali 's victims , flashed on the screen .
tr	O	Now it was time to return to her home and the ever-present duty of the life she had chosen .
tr	I	And the camp whole , unfortunately .
tr	I	But Zin -- to whom common sense was a afterthought limp -- made herself known even before the train rolled to a stop .
tr	O	I can 't live the rest of my life like some psychotic K.O. worshiper , following two steps behind you .
tr	O	And even though things didn 't work out with Caroline , I 'm okay .
tr	O	Or so she 'd thought , right up until the first time she 'd tried to break into his safe .
tr	I	The plant 's instructions had put been together from bits and pieces lying around , things he knew would work .
tr	I	Presently , he closed the and hatch stared across his cubby .
tr	I	With that , whirled she and left the room .
tr	I	What are proposing you ? '
tr	O	She hadn 't realized how much she missed them until she saw them again .
tr	I	But he no had interest in scouring England to find this man a bride .
tr	O	Mark repeated , staring around the room .
tr	O	I throw my legs over the edge of the bed and let a hand pull me toward the door .
tr	O	He caressed Cassandra 's hair .
tr	I	He paused with his cup halfway his to lips .
tr	O	It was brief and to the point .
tr	I	The club was named Till Dusk Dawn .
tr	I	She blew out a sigh , neither confirming his assumptions denying nor them .
tr	I	To sleep now , I must as go it will be light soon .
tr	I	Most 't can see the wisdom of it .
tr	O	There was a buzz of comment and some desultory clapping .
tr	I	I didn 't see the point , so I went sat and down beside the sword and tried to think .
tr	O	And perhaps some new shoes ... ' The doors swung open again to reveal , not the return of the dogs , but Mr Pump once more .
tr	O	No matter what Jane thought of Anthony , she couldn 't doubt his love for Charlee .
tr	O	Maybe this place has a back exit ?
tr	O	If we 're lucky .
tr	O	By the next morning they were upon the throat of father 's army .
tr	I	If her step-father had not seen those photographs particular things might have turned out differently .
tr	I	She frowned at his actions , until she saw the small boy who stepping was off the curb into traffic .
tr	I	Joey pushed through a group of crew members to get to Duke and Goliath right as they stepped the into backstage area .
tr	I	I cannot go in out the daylight in search of those best suited for my work .
tr	O	They moved toward the line , but didn 't have to wait more than a few moments before the passengers from the last ride were let off .
tr	I	I was planning on a staying mystery forever .
tr	O	I loved this awful guy who beat me up and I didn 't even want to press charges against him .
tr	I	Luckily , Osa only received the first of phase the tattooing ceremony , for the tattooing had various phases depending on one 's rank .
tr	I	Echo stopped abruptly and whispered my into ear from behind .
tr	O	Kevin ignored him , so Neil gave a slight shrug .
tr	I	He hoped he hadn offended 't her in any way .
tr	O	In fact he rarely had even a conversation with any of them .
tr	I	They life experience here in a way we can never understand .
tr	I	' We trapped 're ? '
tr	O	After his mam died Barry practiced harder .
tr	I	But nowhere among all that is hair the marque I seek .
tr	I	Tears sprang to her eyes , tears she fought so she could read the tiny marks on syringe the .
tr	I	Why , then , didn 't go she ?
tr	O	He pinched my backside from beneath the sheets .
tr	O	I wished I could believe that .
tr	O	I was still reeling from the kiss .
tr	I	The clerk jerked a thumb to his left , and turned from the window , longer no interested .
tr	O	The door opened and Jude stood there .
tr	I	She looked at him , realizing only now his that returning her dagger was only part of the reason he 'd come to see her .
tr	O	The wailing siren seemed to pierce my skull with its screech , but though vampires had better hearing , Vlad didn 't seem bothered by it .
tr	I	Definitely worth for dying .
tr	I	Nevertheless , with his huge nervous grin and big eyes gleaming he radiated keenness , quite possibly beyond the boundaries of sanity .
tr	O	I wished I could call my best friend Kim and tell her .
tr	O	Damn that smell or whatever it was , it had me .
tr	O	Never in our existence have I seen her sporting such an expression , not even when we were converted or she sent Jackson away .
tr	I	The South Force would move up the peninsula pushing enemy the into a kill zone .
tr	I	They were his people in the town and damned if was he going to put them ... or her in danger .
tr	O	As we drove through the dark , quiet town , dread settled heavily in the pit of my stomach .
tr	O	He had an odd impulse to look into this more deeply .
tr	O	I feel the breath rush out of him , his heart beating hard against my back .
tr	I	His eyes narrowed he as continued to stroll nonchalantly toward me .
tr	I	The 's door open .
tr	O	Jalal 's snarl felt like an uppercut .
tr	O	Will knows where you can leave it in London .
tr	I	She 'd been counseled not to even think about hometown her .
tr	O	Jonah had never been part of their birth plan before .
tr	I	There thirty were other lords or masters of lands , both large and small .
tr	I	I glared at Eve laughed who at me with delight .
tr	O	And you should see a dentist , he popped you in the mouth pretty good .
tr	O	I can 't do anything about Liv or Roar , but I have to let go of Perry .
tr	I	Before the night was over , they weren speaking 't .
tr	O	Or those who didn 't think about the future when they made hasty decisions , as she 'd done .
tr	I	I won 't for stand it .
tr	O	The simple comforts of being in my living room without worries of people shooting at me .
tr	I	Grabbing my brother and sister by hand the and making a mad dash for the family car suddenly doesn 't seem like such a brilliant idea .
tr	O	We are 99.99 % compatible with this race .
tr	I	She clung to him shivers as ran through her from head to toe , and her knees grew weak .
tr	O	She 'd learned to read his expressions well in the months she was with him .
tr	O	Beside him , the top of her head met his chin .
tr	O	He nodded and continued .
tr	O	Everyone around him spoke Japanese and he wasn 't quite sure of what was happening from one moment to the next .
tr	I	It was a huge blow to her ego , knowing she fumbled had , but she was the captain of this ship .
tr	O	I laughed because I certainly didn 't think of myself in those terms .
tr	I	They came out but well I needed a lot of prompting .
tr	I	He turned his face into her arm and the kissed inside of her wrist .
tr	I	Cheyne rebirth 's was a servant of the Dark One .
tr	O	Might have caused my first gray hair ever .
tr	O	If you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient .
tr	O	Set a fire and walk into it .
tr	I	Soon , everything clicks and 'm I tethered in a web of music and movement .
tr	I	Isabel releases her grip my on hands .
tr	O	I 'm with the high school 's Agitator and have just been put on the community beat .
tr	O	He could feel the silken texture of her clamping around his fingers .
tr	I	Six months out the of year his family resided in Italy and the other six months in California .
tr	O	Gradually , her breathing softened , and I assumed she 'd fallen asleep , but then she spoke .
tr	I	I guess lots of married old couples don 't talk when they reach a certain age .
tr	I	Louise was sitting quietly by the bed when Faye opened her the eyes next time .
tr	I	I walked to up my room and sat on the edge of my bed .
tr	O	After all , thinking a little -- just a very little -- was something the boss prized almost as highly as unquestioning loyalty .
tr	I	The chickens on the old movie are theatre amazing .
tr	I	Her heart ached , knowing that really he did think that money was his only asset .
tr	I	They had been committed by a deranged handyman with a grudge the of size Texas against women .
tr	I	The room was a perfect sphere , a like globe with steps carved into the floor 's curvature .
tr	I	Sasha gave a disgusted shake of head her .
tr	I	Andrea words 's faltered .
tr	O	Each of the twelve packs in North America had its own territory .
tr	O	Your submission ranked number 348 .
tr	I	The Gypsy Queen would have to prove herself before forked Tara over any of her hard earned tips acquired by working countless hours waiting tables .
tr	O	Yeah ... I 'll bet you do .
tr	I	I asked then if she had fun and 'd she shrugged .
tr	O	The words sounded childishly pleading even to my own ears .
tr	O	Tom walked over to the fireplace and reached for a bell pull on the wall .
tr	I	My sister was Mary now 10 .
tr	O	This is not exactly what we had planned , but it is definitely an adventure .
tr	I	Before I could answer , I caught a glimpse of Bambi watching me from the hallway , hands shapely on hips .
tr	O	His heart breaking , Jake swallowed hard , fighting to keep his emotions in check .
tr	I	I didn ask 't him anything .
tr	O	She pushed a white button and slowly , the chair rose up and lay back .
tr	I	I sank deeper into oblivion , already the on edge of ending this vision .
tr	I	Bo ed cal sharply , grabbing my arm to restrain me from going after Cade right away .
tr	I	It had brought down 's Gabriel walls ... again .
tr	I	He wondered how much she knew about him , things he hadn 't told her and might not want to her know .
tr	O	Catfish rose to his feet .
tr	O	She grew more incensed , and it was only my command that got her to back down .
tr	I	She was up to her in elbows soapy water when the doorbell rang .
tr	I	The slide doors open .
tr	I	It was deeply impressed upon that them they must remember the way home .
tr	I	I forge on leaving the strong essence orange of in my wake .
tr	O	And on the third night after another and a stranger thing befell me . '
tr	O	It was freezing outside , and everyone was walking around with their heads down and their hoods up .
tr	I	I shrunk back , to unable meet his angry gaze .
tr	O	She smiles , but on her the expression looks compulsory , like she 's just adhering to a social convention .
tr	O	So did a metalwork box covered with arabesques and inscriptions .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure why that felt important .
tr	I	He cut the large thick branch where they stood with a thrust hard of his sword .
tr	O	As the sole survivor of the original study teams , she was the perfect choice for assembling a new team .
tr	I	If he touched his own head , would he feel it 's smoothness as well , a mirror of Mallory 's .
tr	I	He tapped a couple of keys , bringing up Lars Peyton ' case history .
tr	O	He didn 't like this as he recalled Nate 's words .
tr	I	she cried out , mind her frantically trying to figure out all the arrangements she 'd need to make .
tr	O	She now can string together many more sentences .
tr	O	The toy spread its stubby arms in a motion of offering .
tr	O	He sucked in a breath , and his nostrils flared .
tr	O	He looked down and smiled .
tr	O	Make sure to inform your parents or guardians and prepare your parent 's consents .
tr	I	He had sensed no power of inside Devon , no special gifts .
tr	O	It was ridiculously old-fashioned to get married for the sake of a child .
tr	I	And her parents leaving her all alone that like !
tr	I	It 's a short letter my in handwriting , addressed to Charlie .
tr	I	Frank as laughed spoke facetiously to one of the most frugal women on earth .
tr	I	John trod carefully , straining senses his for a clue to what could have happened .
tr	O	And I just sat there and watched the whole thing happen .
tr	O	You know he is powerful .
tr	O	It leaped off the bench and filled the trail .
tr	O	Jax stopped and stared at the screen .
tr	O	He then unhooked one of his boots from the ski and placed it just above the snow .
tr	I	Took the time straighten to my hair .
tr	O	Daphne leaned back again , an ironic smile playing on her lips .
tr	I	He wasn breathless 't , or terrified , only very still .
tr	O	He didn 't answer .
tr	O	Yes , all of the above and more .
tr	O	This was a mystery I had to solve , regardless of where I stood on breaking the tattoo .
tr	O	The air smells like sawdust and my hands feel like sandpaper .
tr	O	He looked at me and I nodded and smiled .
tr	I	Not a in maze .
tr	I	Light and hope in bloomed his eyes ; they glowed with warmth and love .
tr	I	Stay away from me , Eyes Blue .
tr	O	Not that it would stop him .
tr	O	Sunlight dappled through brilliant sapphire curtains covering the large window on the far wall .
tr	I	I jumped out of the bed walked and to my wardrobe .
tr	I	My ´ blood s pumping .
tr	O	Would people wonder about their disappearance ?
tr	O	And why couldn 't he remember anything ?
tr	O	But I 've never been one to take the easy way out , and am known to pursue the things I want with intense ferocity .
tr	O	She peered out at the darkness , and then opened the window .
tr	I	What of kind ice cream do you like best ?
tr	O	Norma showed them out .
tr	I	Jason saw the look of longing in her liquid eyes emerald and nearly snapped .
tr	I	Gran 's eyes up lit .
tr	O	I opted for some purple jeans and a casual red top .
tr	O	He was passing the stage just as the backdoor opened .
tr	I	Through steam the of stir-fry , I watched the cooks and staff for a pattern .
tr	O	He almost wanted to hurt her , to make her feel some fraction of what he felt .
tr	I	Instead he stayed on feet his and let her find her own pace .
tr	O	I could imagine the scene between them , Thomas 's father quizzing him to see whether he 'd properly raped his prisoner .
tr	I	It was clotted blood with .
tr	I	Adam had accused him of matchmaking , like that was bad a thing .
tr	O	' I 'm going to put a call through and get the heating fixed on my Volvo . '
tr	I	Charlotte and ... Garrett dated ?
tr	I	Only a few with a thirst for adventure came to these savage lands exploration during and colonization .
tr	I	Why didn 't you warn me about this jam traffic ?
tr	I	This is somewhat difficult for me to tell , mostly because of the people way react .
tr	I	He wants me to tell him that rumors the are lies .
tr	I	The rich tapestry looking and warm inviting .
tr	O	I admit I am a horrible example of a human at times ; this is one of those times .
tr	O	Smiling viciously , Stefan tore at the throat of another with his teeth , and she fel to the ground and lay stil .
tr	O	Dusk had blanketed the mountains and the chill had deepened .
tr	O	Chris , Liam , Melissa , and Annabelle skidded to a halt at the edge of the hole .
tr	O	He set her bag on the bed , then turning to go , took her into his arms .
tr	O	Oh , God , he was so right .
tr	O	Her cheeks had to be bright red .
tr	O	I heard the latch click into place in the stunned silence that followed .
tr	O	Brown , tweed suit , corresponding leather briefcase , and penny loafers , which went out of style ages ago .
tr	I	In the Maker ' verse , it only felt weeks like .
tr	I	A few leaves and dropped scattered across the yard .
tr	I	Kendra , Seth , and Grandma had been on the road quite a while in order to the reach coastal city of Bridgeport .
tr	O	Jones would know what to do .
tr	O	I think he made a call and then they left .
tr	I	He hadn 't realized before ; was Bach frightening .
tr	I	With Gary out of town , this was perfect the time for that crazy Stump to try something .
tr	I	Tales of madness and tales of love always touched with melancholy and magic as if the rules of world the were unstable and inconsistent .
tr	O	Albert wasn 't sure now if it was port or starboard .
tr	O	Hempel could start a new hunt that will be so much more far reaching than the witch hunts because the world is so much smaller now .
tr	O	Josie planted her hands on her hips and turned her head toward the window .
tr	O	Carl was not noted for his concise vocabulary .
tr	O	I held my hand out .
tr	O	She carried the tray of food out the door and down the hall to her own quarters .
tr	O	Clay kissed my lips .
tr	I	He leaned over and planted a soft kiss on my lips before up standing .
tr	O	Hundreds of houses and scarlet hair people .
tr	I	The were looked up at and Burnett snarled .
tr	O	Ava asks me when she notices I 'm following behind them .
tr	I	I glance at to him make sure he 's complied , and then stand up and begin to gather my clothes from the floor .
tr	O	Acacia remained silent , stunned and uncertain , but I wasn 't paying attention to her .
tr	O	She had stopped somewhere nearby .
tr	I	He nodded toward me as walked he past .
tr	I	I have never one been who is satisfied by replicas of priceless things .
tr	I	Sitting before him now one was of those rare students .
tr	I	Her head had gotten in stuck replay mode , leaving no breaks in between .
tr	I	He would right set all of the wrongs that he had so blindly followed .
tr	I	And when Jimmy saw his face become expressionless , and the four unsmiling men who walked close , he thought not him so privileged .
tr	I	It 's a choice , 's it something you do .
tr	O	She could fit right in .
tr	O	I stood to my feet , ready for round two .
tr	I	Archie said as he poured a cup tea of .
tr	I	You know never with her .
tr	I	I stood , and so Allison did .
tr	I	It 's what was he created for .
tr	O	He closed the front door and locked it as the SUV began to back out of the drive .
tr	O	His brow creased but he didn 't say anything , just filled the glasses half full of wine .
tr	I	I 'd just been taken aback a for minute there .
tr	O	Their technological advantage was less pronounced and they were few in numbers , so the local natives drove them off .
tr	O	Apparently , she absorbed his complete attention and he didn 't even say a word .
tr	I	He led the first crow and took aim careful .
tr	I	We 'd ourselves found walking along a small , two lane road that traced along a ridge .
tr	O	So did Cecilia , but she had no guarantees to give him either .
tr	O	I ain 't young like that no more .
tr	O	We never found Jenny .
tr	I	Her was mouth right next to his ear now .
tr	O	I ran toward what I now saw was a woman .
tr	I	The next few hours by went quickly .
tr	O	I told her my thoughts , and she explained .
tr	O	We 're resurrecting him .
tr	O	She had done it !
tr	I	Kayla shrugged resignation in .
tr	O	Hess was waiting alone in the infirmary .
tr	O	I 'm going to become the God Killer .
tr	O	I punch William until his face is a wet pulp .
tr	I	Unless Greg acting kept like a total jerk .
tr	O	She pulled her thin red waist length robe around her around as if it were a safety net .
tr	I	At some point , my mind shuts off and just I react .
tr	O	I never knew that Drake had trained a human to fight monsters .
tr	O	It was always unnerving for her , climbing down into the darkness like that , and she shuddered .
tr	I	Then came my family 's dock , the Vader 's dock at their house , and the finally marina .
tr	I	Luxury homes hid behind iron gates and shrubs tall .
tr	I	* * * Mae and I were standing by the double glass walls of the airlock outer , just inside the building entrance .
tr	O	Hunter still continued to avoid contact of any sort with me and I sure wasn 't in any way attempting to reach out to him either .
tr	I	Someone had tried to assassinate Danny Daniels , and the president had just appeared before the press to assure everyone he that 'd escaped unharmed .
tr	I	I thought she return would soon to Indiana .
tr	O	His actions were sweet , tender , and completely different from the obsessed lover he 'd been just a few minutes ago .
tr	I	In peace , the sleepy city bristled with guns aimed at the empty ocean , dreaming invasion of .
tr	I	She glanced at down the control panel , searching for something .
tr	I	It had been a long day and all I wanted to do was go home and curl in up bed .
tr	I	She 's not dependent on a man for anything , least all of her own happiness .
tr	O	Come with me then .
tr	I	He knew he was trouble in when he saw the ticket line .
tr	I	They 're cocky so .
tr	O	I simply wanted to get these negotiations done with .
tr	O	He looked up and realized his brothers and sisters were staring at him like he was speaking Greek .
tr	I	Nothing relaxed or easygoing about Cornice the household .
tr	O	I nearly left as quietly as I came .
tr	O	She nods her head and he begins taking measurements .
tr	I	A few of them started on munching candy bars , like Butterfinger and Heath .
tr	O	The guys come pouring in and I moved out of the way , so they could get their breakfast .
tr	I	I tried to lift my head , but disorientation my caused it to come crashing down with a painful thud .
tr	I	I rub the knot that will come soon to be .
tr	I	Bribery corruption and , probably .
tr	I	I started shaking , I felt the tears down splashing my face .
tr	O	And you know you can always be my bodyguard if life gets too boring .
tr	I	He held it open motioned and ahead .
tr	I	And had it worked well for him .
tr	O	Reed 's lips twitched , incapable of a true smile with his mouth so dry .
tr	I	During the day , I went to St. Michael 's school grade with kids from the same neighborhood .
tr	O	By coincidence , both had followed the same path : biology .
tr	O	What if she thought he was trying to dupe her ?
tr	O	I asked , glancing around .
tr	O	And I brought the monsters here .
tr	I	This is what Lilly Ann meant when she said , ' The most important thing is I that feel good . '
tr	O	It didn 't even hurt a little when she took it off .
tr	I	Thomas cut Abdul in .
tr	O	I looked at Amelia and she smiled .
tr	O	The fake FBI agent gestured at one corner of the lab .
tr	I	He hung suspended in this time between and courage despair .
tr	I	Like the rest of us , don you 't want her mad at you .
tr	O	I just wanted to thank you for yesterday .
tr	O	I barely had time to yelp when we were battered again .
tr	O	Only then can you rebuild your life .
tr	I	He seemed to come alive as they the approached enemy .
tr	I	She then picked up a fork began and puncturing her boiled egg with a solitary fork prong .
tr	O	The door was closed ; big blue wooden letters spelled BEN on the door .
tr	I	Most it of was trapped inside the stem .
tr	O	And Eliot didn 't even mind .
tr	O	Wendell Senior raised his brow .
tr	I	A funny thought came to me , and I couldn help 't but laugh .
tr	O	Tag 's voice crackled over the headset .
tr	I	Eve nodded and ran to door the .
tr	O	But that morning as he waited for her to arrive he recognized what he had done .
tr	I	He grinned me at .
tr	O	They were great friends , I thought , and if I had to be in this situation with anyone , I would want it to be them .
tr	O	He hastened to place the fountain in a travel bag , linen colorless birthday of her friend Carla .
tr	O	The middle-aged man collapsed to the ground .
tr	I	Those Agents might the have place staked out and they were the last people he wanted to meet again .
tr	O	She was watching an old Hollywood B-movie .
tr	I	Big buff guys wearing nothing towels but , shower time apparently interrupted .
tr	O	His cock thickened beneath his scrubs and he worked like hell to douse his growing hard-on , which was completely inappropriate for a doctor to be sporting .
tr	I	This was the first time he 'd ever truly seemed angry at me .
tr	O	Somehow , though , he had a feeling that if even not with music they would find they had a lot in common .
tr	I	I was a little hesitant , not sure if he 'd excited be or upset with the news .
tr	O	Though he wasn 't totally convinced of what he was saying anymore .
tr	O	I 've got to be gentle .
tr	I	His perception quick jolted her .
tr	O	Parker lowered his voice , disliking the thought that Fred might have overheard any of this conversation .
tr	I	In this configuration , leaves its were packed so tight that it could barely breathe .
tr	I	Once she left room the , Royce tugged at the front of his pants trying to make room for the hard-on he was now sporting .
tr	I	We stick to the shadows , just in case any guards should peel away from the inside madness .
tr	I	It flowed through him as though his body were a sudden sieve thrust beneath hot a cascade .
tr	O	We headed for the black tinted van , the only automobile I had in this garage .
tr	O	Ronan and Lorcan are to the fore of the pack .
tr	O	Half of very big would be big enough to solve her pressing financial worries .
tr	O	So , she 'd changed it to Phoebe , in honor of her favorite English poet .
tr	I	She didn 't know Bruce well , but he seemed loving and protective his of daughter .
tr	I	Colin forward leaned with urgency .
tr	I	Frustrated , at least I can ignore her and stare out window the .
tr	I	Peter loved to throw dinners and get-togethers and seemed unconcerned that 'd I just had a major party of my own .
tr	O	Miami to Jacksonville would be the first leg .
tr	O	The rain had come back with a vengeance .
tr	I	Steve picked up the scattered for groceries her and they walked into the house together .
tr	O	Her eyes filled with frustration and fury .
tr	I	The other apprentice placed a steel pry bar into the narrow crack on the side handle of the door and attempted to gain leverage .
tr	O	Rather , her stoicism came from a deep well of pride and an appreciation of irony .
tr	I	He had tales heard of the Orcs to make the blood run cold .
tr	I	Aidan walked away abruptly and left Isaac the in field .
tr	O	He 'd asked her to temporarily step in as his P.A. until the employment agency found a replacement .
tr	O	The reason he 'd moved heaven and earth to get her off the case .
tr	I	They have must used Ace 's computer .
tr	O	I sure didn 't .
tr	I	But it almost passed immediately .
tr	O	Get some much needed warmth into their bodies .
tr	I	The soldier held out a letter sealed .
tr	I	Mayank also complained to him that rape stories were being written with unnecessary graphic details that put in victim very poor light .
tr	I	I asked as soon as he stepped out the of door .
tr	I	Triton ignored Danielle wails 's .
tr	I	It went on and as on the night closed them in .
tr	I	It a wore mask with goggles over its beak .
tr	I	At twenty-seven , she was a little older than most of fellow her graduate students .
tr	I	It 's easier to get him to respond this way , possibly because he 's not looking at and me thinking how young I am .
tr	I	he asked , sinking to his before haunches her .
tr	I	She was slid down so far , all I could see the was top of her head .
tr	O	' It 's for you . '
tr	O	And he wasn 't alone in his outrage for what Kellan stood accused of .
tr	I	That should have been where the would eruption occur .
tr	I	He clearly remembered following Megan to the school 's basement and then he was suddenly in his with truck Lyssa beside him .
tr	O	So she backed off .
tr	O	It was coming from the Manor .
tr	O	She tried to imagine what her body would look like to him .
tr	O	Of course it 's because of Cassie .
tr	O	And you know what they 're like at that age , don 't you ?
tr	O	But it didn 't seem fair to make his decisions for him , either .
tr	O	Kowalski was still talking .
tr	I	The repetition sudden of words creeped Thomas out .
tr	O	Drowning his sorrows in the bottom of a bottle never helped anyone .
tr	O	Emelia did not miss the thickness in her voice as she gruffly bossed the maids about .
tr	O	She says she likes the taste of orange juice while the mint of the toothpaste lingers .
tr	O	Jennifer , of the pink hair , and Amy with the granola , for sure .
tr	O	He looked at them with some suspicion in his blue eyes , but bowed politely as they entered the House .
tr	I	Her body quivered and tears down streamed her face .
tr	O	His cheek glistened , and I brushed the pad of my thumb against his wet skin .
tr	I	Maxim glanced up to find Megan standing the on stairs .
tr	O	Troy and I had a long talk this afternoon , after you tried to discredit him .
tr	I	The girls died supposedly in an accident more than sixty years ago .
tr	I	But she bore the surprisingly burden well as we made our trek into the wild unknown .
tr	O	I 'll think about it .
tr	O	One thing is for sure ... his general disposition has taken a noticeable turn downward as a result of this encounter with himself .
tr	I	By the I time 'm in the hallway , he 's caught up with me .
tr	I	They still hungry seemed .
tr	O	He could think of none .
tr	O	' I 'm not sure , that is the only truthful answer I can give to you at this time .
tr	I	I anticipated had this move as well , and I again floored the gas pedal at the last possible moment to escape .
tr	O	The skunk was not there when I got here !
tr	O	The window was open , because the school encouraged fresh air .
tr	O	But for two people beginning a new relationship , they were dealing with enough challenges .
tr	O	But it hardly matters .
tr	O	His smug demeanor returned .
tr	O	Emily blew air through her teeth .
tr	O	Desmond ran out the door behind him , his eyes flashing with anger when he spotted us .
tr	O	Tarek 's eyes swept the eastern sky , already turning steel gray .
tr	I	After a brief silence , Tork spoke suddenly .
tr	I	Bryony deposited Stubby the on desk .
tr	O	Two aisles back , Spencer 's gaze halted on another face .
tr	I	He liked walking in Damascus during the evening , and seeing in sudden of flashes disconnected memory the city of the ancients .
tr	I	' It 's a leaf fig .
tr	O	Bill came in the next morning and saw that there were new files on his computer .
tr	I	Losing that and losing him like was my heart was being carved out of my chest .
tr	O	Bax kept his pistol aimed at the creature 's head .
tr	O	He just stared at her .
tr	I	And I loved this new as Clay well .
tr	I	Yeah , we 're starting the long drive home tomorrow , but want I things to say the same when we get back .
tr	O	Her arms , bare in a black tank top , were pale and flabby .
tr	I	I pulled away from him and ran my hands through his hair for long a minute before I said what needed to be said .
tr	O	If you think I 'm going to let you be the next in line , you can forget it .
tr	O	The sight of his black cape coat and his scarred mask caught my attention .
tr	O	All three barns looked to be pretty much identical .
tr	I	He popped me several huge more punches in the chest and I was done .
tr	I	It 's one thing to want not to go back , but another thing entirely to have the choice taken from me .
tr	I	He 's to going do something on the ninth .
tr	O	Authority and responsibility sat easily on those broad shoulders , she mused .
tr	I	She reached and out gently pressed her hand on his shoulder .
tr	O	Her heart racing , her chest tight , she stumbled backward until the wall prevented further escape .
tr	O	She spread her arms out and stretched , briefly wondering if she should have dressed before stepping out of her house .
tr	I	I 'm stupid not .
tr	O	My steps are light on the tiled floor as I walk through the narrow hallway with grey , metal lockers lining the wall .
tr	O	With the passengers safely aboard , the chopper pilot faced front , dipped the nose of the chopper , and accelerated south to complete his mission .
tr	O	At first I have no idea what 's going on .
tr	O	After the wedding , you won 't see me again .
tr	I	His eyes into bore mine .
tr	I	The criminal pulls out his illegal weapon and the law-abiding citizen pulls out legal his weapon .
tr	I	It was to difficult imagine just how awful it had to be for him .
tr	O	We would add target practice to our daily sparring session .
tr	O	Then , inside my head , the voice spoke up .
tr	I	I never had been this close to a boy before .
tr	I	He 'd probably let me if I asked , telling me he belongs to me and I can whatever do I want with him .
tr	O	It was not meant that way , you understand .
tr	I	As soon she as wakes up I 'm headed to that school .
tr	I	I my uplifted eyebrows .
tr	O	At the time , I thought he was mysterious and rebellious , but kind too .
tr	O	I catch a hint of sadness in her giggle .
tr	O	Her knees parted and it was her own slickness , her arousal , that smoothed his touch back and forth along her plumped , oversensitive flesh .
tr	O	He then lifted and swung two small but thick chains over the horizontal bar until they swung loosely a foot beneath the bar a metre apart .
tr	I	I practically slammed my on brakes .
tr	I	Did he think I 'd only been asking him out hookup to ?
tr	I	My regurgitated words from my mouth in lagging pieces , as I inched backward toward my bedroom .
tr	O	Kneeling , he took the ruck sack from his shoulders .
tr	I	I could it feel shaking , but couldn 't respond fast enough .
tr	I	She didn 't know how long she ran , but it seemed each time foot one hit the snow-covered ground , another shot fired off .
tr	O	Selena tore her sight away from his .
tr	O	You 're going to Hell , but it 'll be a long time till you get there .
tr	O	Everything 's fluid again .
tr	O	None of the sixteen said a word .
tr	O	Why would the school have built such a weird building for majors the school didn 't even have ?
tr	I	They were waiting for him to announce his mating Victoria with .
tr	I	Or she could clean up the 's Woolworth basement and open up down there .
tr	O	I couldn 't believe what I was hearing .
tr	I	If he only 'd make his threat real .
tr	O	He lowers himself to me as he moves his mouth over my body , letting me feel the tip of him brush against my wet slit .
tr	O	Darcy took a sip of the ice water , then served herself the seafood gumbo that was making her stomach grumble in anticipation .
tr	O	My father and uncles and cousins were all gone .
tr	O	If only I 'd listened to her gut feeling then .
tr	O	Oh hell , he is really going to do it !
tr	I	I clung to his hands , needing to hold on to something secure before let I go of all control .
tr	O	Saylor asked what everyone was thinking .
tr	I	I was with mother my and brother .
tr	O	About fifteen minutes later they were surrounded by luscious bountiful plant life .
tr	O	How many people had Dad told about the drugs ?
tr	I	He couldn 't stop the chuckle that escaped at obvious her attempt to hide from his wrath .
tr	O	All I see you doing here in your crib is playing games .
tr	O	I 'm sorry I never told you .
tr	I	Chapter Twenty-One James sipped his coffee while contracts signing for alcohol and food to be sold at his club .
tr	O	Running after her , he called to his wolf , and then he could hear her .
tr	I	Instead you became rather approving distantly , no more .
tr	I	She shut her eyes , seeing her future Princeton at float down the drain .
tr	O	He always noticed every minute change in my reactions , and would pull me back to him when I tried to pull away .
tr	O	He shook his head with regret .
tr	O	Tarps became wings stretched taut over a tubular metal framing from a picnic tent .
tr	I	I her let think she had found a way to end the uncomfortable conversation while proposing once again her medicine to cure every malady : dating .
tr	O	The tracker was lighter than it looked , but the added weight , however slight , made my entire body feel heavy .
tr	O	He descended the hill and arrived at the sturdy , wooden door minute later .
tr	I	His eyes into burn mine , hooded and dark .
tr	O	They were taking advantage of the break in the weather by heading to town for supplies .
tr	O	But he was foolish to bring you here .
tr	I	He raised voice his and addressed the crowd .
tr	I	Theo sat his at kit and looked out over the empty club .
tr	I	At door the , the prince turned to him once more .
tr	I	Apparently too wondering loudly .
tr	O	The guy with the Chihuahua says , ' They 're not going to let us in there with the dogs . '
tr	O	More tests were ordered .
tr	O	She sprinted along the side of the castle until the stables were in sight .
tr	O	That 's how it keeps the Wanderers out .
tr	I	That thought surprised me that because certainly wasn 't what I had been thinking all week .
tr	O	The secret smile she rarely ever gave out .
tr	O	He stared down at her , at those parted lips that beckoned him .
tr	O	The bottles are unmarked and open .
tr	I	The basset hound 's eyes remained fixed on the yellow discarded envelope .
tr	I	Gavin struck Luciano again .
tr	O	She possessed enough common sense and fortitude to put to shame any therapist I knew .
tr	O	He found himself increasingly short of breath as he worked , accompanied by a sharp pain in his chest .
tr	I	Under that , in removable lettering , it welcomed all comers to the Lord 's dinner free .
tr	I	There was a very real chance that they all were about to die .
tr	O	His hands rested on his h * ps waiting .
tr	I	He 'd been kind considerate and and loving .
tr	O	He nodded at a black and red checkered rug on the floor .
tr	O	It felt like a monster was eating me from the inside .
tr	I	I mean if you try to tell them about a beautiful bonnet saw you in a shop window they positively wilt .
tr	I	Janet struggled free to herself .
tr	O	he said , slapping her again .
tr	I	We will be here until midmorning , I unless miss my guess .
tr	O	To do so would have broken him .
tr	O	While we 're gone I 'd like for you to take possession of my guns except for the one I 'll carry .
tr	O	Zev shook his head .
tr	I	Fitz Maurice up looked to the landing and raised an arm in salute .
tr	O	She still wouldn 't see ; it 's not our job to cure prisoners .
tr	I	He and Nick looked up the at ceiling .
tr	O	So it was with the effective end of the Cold War .
tr	I	Let know me if you need anything .
tr	I	He understood the pain on not just the girl but her as family well .
tr	I	Nicko had grabbed hold of the spotted scarf that wore Maxie around his neck .
tr	I	she asked , showing him one his of gloves .
tr	I	I saluted and to ran my car .
tr	I	They witness the transformation from waste to valuable fertiliser and its return the to garden to help grow new food .
tr	I	Tears aren easy 't for a vampire .
tr	I	This playful thing going on between us , it 's new , and I not 'm a fan of new .
tr	I	He also traveled a lot and his notebook computer contained documents and presentations regarding specifications for some of his employer products 's .
tr	O	By ten , Emma desperately had to use the bathroom .
tr	I	The asphalt rushing to meet the plane was potentially a more violent situation than the asphalt away falling underneath it .
tr	I	As the song proceeded the crowd bobbed and nodded intently , for waiting the infamous breakdown .
tr	I	Seems the less I care more the I win ; lost a bit too mind you . '
tr	I	Harrison thinks for another time long .
tr	O	I 've heard it happens .
tr	I	Much like yourself boy dear .
tr	O	But the motions of my body do not listen , and stay mechanical , working smoothly , capably .
tr	O	Iona walked back through the dark house , not bothering with the lights .
tr	O	Or maybe they were so high up that she would just float into outer space .
tr	I	I 't can believe this .
tr	I	Charlie was suddenly thinking furiously and barely noticed when Arnold got up and said he just 'd realized he was running late to pick up his wife .
tr	O	Something I wish I hadn 't come to terms with .
tr	I	I turned in time see to Shrapnel bow , first to Vlad , and then to me .
tr	O	She was mindless to disobey , the pleasure rocking through her making her comply to his every wish with eagerness .
tr	O	Kent drops the rope ladder .
tr	I	I got through eating they and barely noticed that I had left .
tr	I	Fuchs has to up slip .
tr	I	I had no idea why he telling was me this .
tr	O	If she had only known .
tr	O	He continues to walk toward the center of the park .
tr	O	The caves run for miles beneath the mountains , an entire city really .
tr	I	To the right was the edge of a overlooking balcony the kitchen , and a few chairs pointed toward the large bay windows .
tr	O	The smell was awful , the memories of the leaches flooded in and I tried to ignore them swimming around in my mind .
tr	I	Lightening cracked slowly across the clouds like Martian a snail .
tr	O	I rocked and hummed and prayed .
tr	O	I sat up quickly in bed pulling on my jeans and a shirt .
tr	I	Like she wants to feel hands my on her .
tr	I	He pulls a nah face as he hops off the bench into snow the .
tr	I	It 's a community vampire .
tr	I	The thumper barely through peeking brown leather and speaking of a time when free men fought the system .
tr	O	A way to scare me into submission , nothing more .
tr	I	Alanna was talking so softly that Thomas couldn 't sure be it wasn 't part of his fever .
tr	I	I complained to the boss about him , he but told me to forget about it .
tr	I	There were no traffic sounds planes or flying overhead .
tr	O	And now his phone was off and he was drinking .
tr	O	Both Zeus and Derek had been found in a flat they didn 't live in with a thirteen-year-old girl .
tr	O	They had cleaned up the destruction as much as possible , but it was clear that things were not what they should be .
tr	O	She 's ripping up the ice and it 'll just make it harder to get her out !
tr	O	That was the easiest code to break .
tr	I	I didn 't have so binoculars I could do little more than guess at what was happening there .
tr	O	He drew in a breath and relaxed , their path ahead apparently assured .
tr	O	Her husband died during the drought , his death passed off as a heart attack .
tr	O	She is the schemer .
tr	O	Look at them . '
tr	O	' I 'll tell them all about how you disrupted class , and cheated on your tests , and didn 't show your teacher the proper respect .
tr	I	She greeted them warmly , hugged both them of and congratulated them on their marriage .
tr	O	The headline along the bottom of the image alerted viewers to the lottery that White had mentioned to me the night before .
tr	O	She blinks up as if she has no idea what I 'm talking about , but something about the way her lips twitch tells me otherwise .
tr	I	His cost hesitation him his escape .
tr	O	It was a smile she somehow recognized .
tr	I	I felt thoughtful as I him watched walk away .
tr	I	Chapter One needed She a man .
tr	O	Does he have some sort of relationship with the Dark ?
tr	O	Then she shook her head .
tr	O	Beside the stairs , the sea monster rolled over and over in the water and splashed spray with her tail .
tr	O	I stare at the strength in his jaw , in his eyes , in his body .
tr	O	As the silence grew uncomfortable , Dollop spoke out .
tr	O	The rejection was like a punch in the gut , only this bothered him much worse than the blows he 'd sustained earlier in the night .
tr	I	He understood , his opened mouth to protest , shifted his weight to move away .
tr	I	Geary frowned the at odd note in Kat 's voice .
tr	O	Glory hadn 't been best pleased about that and made sure everyone knew it .
tr	O	Mad Rogan shook his head .
tr	O	Many people are praying for you .
tr	I	His emotions were out flying of control , and he wasn 't even sure why .
tr	O	His right hand shot up , fingers bent .
tr	O	Crows and Hawks and even some Owls were in flight , spreading the warning , sounding a call to battle .
tr	O	But when she mentioned who she was married to and physically described Caroline , she had his full attention .
tr	O	It was not possible for a face to be freer from grimace : also it was perhaps not possible for a breathing man to look less animated .
tr	I	As he listened to the lyrics , Alexander thought how appropriate song the was .
tr	I	The prison is bound by an ancient and very mysterious enchantment makes that the stone and hewn rock impenetrable .
tr	O	Matt shook his head .
tr	O	With things pretty well set up and volleyball underway , Dennis located Franz and took him aside for a moment .
tr	I	Lonely Bunny to Goes the City .
tr	I	He could only stare exhale and as she clasped both her hands together into one fat fist and drove the flesh hammer down onto his throat .
tr	I	We got a witch now , and she 's better anyone 'n else 's !
tr	O	Realizing he was unconscious , she started for the door only to find a man there who bore a scary resemblance to Dare .
tr	I	she said to turning face him .
tr	I	Now alone , Beth allowed herself a moment actually to think rather than react .
tr	O	At last Cronus let go of my wrist , and I understood .
tr	O	Xavier turned to face me , his body already partially hidden in shadow .
tr	I	He say would anything to warn other men off .
tr	I	I ran up along the to driveway the entrance of the vault , keeping close to the woods so no one would see me .
tr	O	The only reason she knew this was because cold air bit at her calves .
tr	O	He had no real desire to see either of them , but at least he 'd received only a mild beating in that one .
tr	I	At last , as she began to shout streams hoarse of a language unknown to the observers , a final face appeared before her .
tr	I	It threw head its back , raising itself above its smaller foes .
tr	I	We 're not ready for Vincent family 's to find out yet .
tr	I	It was than more a strong physical attraction .
tr	O	I shouldn 't have .
tr	O	The tube rider shot out of the chamber , but for Markman there was no sense of acceleration at all .
tr	O	He didn 't stand a chance .
tr	I	His came words faster .
tr	O	He had nevertheless been let out with orders to start serving as a priest the following day .
tr	I	Like we doing 're what we set off to do , so all 's right with the world .
tr	O	After the meeting , Antonia walked back to her office and turned on the computer set up on the desk .
tr	I	The electricity between us is for alleviated the time being , although I know that won 't last long .
tr	I	The house was dark and still , as it if had been the years before she had moved in .
tr	I	' ' There a is huge group of walkers in here .
tr	I	I touched glass the over his face in the picture .
tr	I	I close my eyes and cherish these few seconds connected to her , as I did the other times three I called .
tr	O	Michael 's eyes shimmered with blue flame .
tr	I	I did not fit in to London , and it not did know what to do with me .
tr	I	Then she stopped and stared at one the of interior roads .
tr	I	He had stripped off his T-shirt and was now in just pair a of gym shorts slung low on his h * ps and running shoes .
tr	I	They follow their own tracks back the into woods .
tr	O	Canton moved behind the bar and picked up a bottle of Glenlivet and grabbed a clean glass .
tr	O	Over the years those memories were what I relied on to get me through the darkness .
tr	I	Gavin would be well on his way to vampire limbo that if were true .
tr	I	In the top space left-hand there were the letters 'S .
tr	O	Don 't leave me .
tr	O	She flinched ; did everyone know their business ?
tr	I	A man a with unique perspective , in other words .
tr	O	And of course writing in English .
tr	O	I couldn 't walk away , leaving him with the memories I made him drag out .
tr	I	She looked back at and me smiled .
tr	O	I lift my head a moment before I raise my hand and wave my invisible white flag .
tr	O	I would have given up the world for him and he couldn 't even raise his voice against his family 's irrational decision .
tr	O	Not the five days spent in the company of a vivacious , charming creature capable of tremendous joy and utter devastation .
tr	I	Dare 's voice startled her the through pain .
tr	I	Her room was on the tenth floor , and was his on the fifteenth .
tr	O	Then I see it : the flesh on my ankle sizzling , popping with smoke .
tr	O	His words were clipped and short and something inside of me broke .
tr	O	He stopped and stared .
tr	O	So much for a good first impression .
tr	I	It was like some mighty god had taken a giant cleaver split and this section of the earth , cutting the tunnel in half .
tr	O	The bird was larger than normal , and the harpies were already large birds .
tr	O	His parents had long since died and he was an only child .
tr	O	Our heartache was behind us .
tr	O	' Would you care to elaborate on that ? '
tr	O	She needed someone who understood her tempestuous nature .
tr	O	He looked down at his plate in surprise .
tr	I	What I 'm going to do is ignore you and take bath a .
tr	O	The scent of rot , earth , and the juices of the grave filled Kai 's nostrils .
tr	O	Wind still had his head bowed .
tr	O	Easy , he thought .
tr	I	I joined Casino , Roach and Lola at porthole the expecting a windsurfing unicorn .
tr	O	theresa crossed her arms and reached for the sweatshirt she had brought along .
tr	I	His mouth found her vulnerable throat her as head fell back .
tr	O	I was looking at someone I had never met before .
tr	O	Or had it some power to know , as it were , when to speak and when to be silent ?
tr	I	We can 't go digging the around safe just because we think my passport might be there .
tr	I	I kind 'm of hurt he 's taking off .
tr	O	All the goodies enticed Kali 's senses with their mouthwatering aromas .
tr	I	Don bother 't yourself with this .
tr	O	She glanced at Gray Man , who had paused .
tr	I	The back was decorated a with wolf 's head insignia .
tr	O	I 'll hang up . '
tr	I	She 'd able been to pass herself off as an aristocrat at his ball because she was one .
tr	I	Dayan took her to the safety of the rooftops , settling her gently in the shelter a of dormer .
tr	O	I 'd had my blood already ; it was impossible for me to finish off a pint .
tr	O	But that didn 't matter , either ; he was prepared to sacrifice a friendship for a relationship with the woman he loved .
tr	I	' I 'm glad to that hear . '
tr	I	' Is it day night or ?
tr	I	I have your best interest mind in .
tr	I	Another told Mike her was still busy with the local cops .
tr	O	Her red crystal earrings felt warm in her ears .
tr	O	Nacho , her only lead , had vanished .
tr	O	She almost smiled hearing how Jackson had used a drug on one of the guards to escape .
tr	I	She took one big breath and lifted her head off the wheel to if see the storm outside had subsided .
tr	I	Grace looked at his face eager .
tr	O	His smugness was instantly replaced with the anonymity of a dark black bag , as Morgan quickly shoved it over his head .
tr	O	The sand flew beneath her feet .
tr	I	I wasn 't on Earth though , and it was unlikely I 'd ever get now back .
tr	I	They were all wannabees Picasso .
tr	O	Shelton had been away in Costa Rica at the time , looking at a site for his company to build a condo .
tr	O	It was on its way home and in a hurry to get there .
tr	O	He relaxed with a cocky smile .
tr	I	He 'd given one of the radios to Grace so they that could continue to contact each other .
tr	O	The sight that awaited her inside was stunning .
tr	O	The bedroom door was ajar , he noted , a faint light spilling from within .
tr	O	He thought of her cosy in pyjamas , maybe a couple of teddy bears in there with her .
tr	I	My head it knows .
tr	O	I 'd never understand what Mom had seen in him in the first place .
tr	I	That for moment a I had lost my head .
tr	O	I am not sure you need to do it all .
tr	I	Emma was singlehandedly controlling the conversation the of group .
tr	O	We didn 't choose to be born on a ship , trapped by the walls that keep us safe .
tr	I	Maybe she was at stuck work .
tr	O	Evidence of the former is measured on the body .
tr	O	They were happy because the long waiting time was finally over .
tr	O	Two stories above where they had started three people were standing on a deck .
tr	O	Maybe the monster had saved her life .
tr	O	Jamie hugged Anna and sat down across from her .
tr	O	With all that time on their hands , body language and gesture form an integral part of their grammar .
tr	O	We are merely looking into the sudden appearance of the coin .
tr	O	The cold water on her skin and the heat he engendered with his touch combined to make Teresa feel as if she were about to splinter .
tr	O	We hoisted ourselves up onto the big rock and sat there , our feet dangling in the water .
tr	O	Harrison took a large gulp , and with wide eyes , gestured back at the dining room with his glass .
tr	O	I knew I should get the dog out as soon as possible , because if my mom came home and saw him she would have a fit .
tr	O	' No accounting for taste , I suppose . '
tr	I	You 're just like father my .
tr	I	His mother was beautiful indeed .
tr	I	I had barely time to set my alarm before 190 pounds of warm boy collapsed on me and wasn 't letting me up .
tr	I	Hell , I was with furious me .
tr	I	His shrugged , action the stiff .
tr	O	I looked around the room , realizing the bookshelves were bare .
tr	I	This was plan not going the way he had wanted it to at all .
tr	O	I am deep in the earth .
tr	I	Giving me a blow on the shoulder , she me pushed gently away .
tr	O	I slipped through the space and took a couple of steps to the left so I wouldn 't be silhouetted against the opening anymore .
tr	I	She stared out of the car windows in the hope catching of a glimpse of Foal .
tr	I	Cut back to our couple original , now seated at a table piled high with Christmas delights .
tr	I	A large bed king-sized dominated the middle .
tr	O	He quickly scanned what he could see of the second floor and then headed toward the stairs .
tr	I	I know that I 'm being a spoiled bitch , but I can 't see past my annoyance own at this point .
tr	I	He did not know how many days and weeks passed before he began to think might she never come back .
tr	O	Slowly , she opened to him , and he pushed through .
tr	O	Is this even normal ?
tr	I	The wound he left behind was not so much a fountain of as blood a damp indentation .
tr	O	His turquoise eyes were relentless .
tr	O	Instantly , Willow was wrapped in a spinning current of wind .
tr	I	The cashier gave him colorful new banknotes which were different the from Russian occupation notes he was used to .
tr	O	He was just reacting this way because he was worried she would compromise his pursuit of the Perkins contract .
tr	O	When she thought about them touching each other like this , pleasuring each other , she couldn 't prevent her hips from rocking up to his hand .
tr	O	And in the meantime Sebastian had found his way to the heart of the Gard and painted the floor in blood .
tr	I	Grey trousers , grey shirt , with a grey tie , grey hair and glasses grey .
tr	O	What had I undergone during those missing months ?
tr	O	The whistle came again .
tr	O	If I was an alien -- a Stargazer -- then how was I an anomaly too ?
tr	O	mother asked in shock .
tr	I	With the tide going out and night on the verge , left they the wharves and headed to their inn .
tr	I	Beth I and had planned dinner with friends and I promised I wouldn 't stay late at the office .
tr	O	He took out his phone , tapped the screen and checked on the position of the red dots .
tr	O	We need to go find some food and stuff .
tr	O	Or would this one leave him in agony as Myst had Nikolai ?
tr	O	But Amira disagreed , saying that Francine had a speed and precision that Amira couldn 't match .
tr	I	Before he left that evening I tried to express what a nice break he given had me .
tr	O	She lifted her head and smiled confidently .
tr	I	Six boxes in a house with 1500 feet square .
tr	I	Shelly laughed and jumped over the back of the couch , sinking down into the cushions before unscrewing her water bottle and taking long a drink .
tr	O	His curly hair was shorter than the last time I saw him .
tr	I	Who knows your schedule delivery ?
tr	O	~ ~ ~ Sarah had been dozing when she heard fighting from outside .
tr	I	Why not ask us for help , get re-located or something , wouldn that 't have been better ? '
tr	I	I put away pen my and paper .
tr	O	The defendant was the Commonwealth of Virginia , but many others soon joined in .
tr	O	The sergeant patted the shirt of his uniform .
tr	I	Becca from said the doorway .
tr	O	That she didn 't want anything to do with me .
tr	O	' I really like her .
tr	O	You 've got to eat or you 'll be sick , much sicker than you already are .
tr	O	I press my lips to his , giving him a quick kiss , then pat his ass .
tr	O	Because they dined at home , they went directly to London 's Royal Opera House in Covent Garden for the performance .
tr	O	Perhaps Mrs. Herz would let her sleep at her flat .
tr	I	I turned to tip the used syringe into the hazardous waste container the by counter .
tr	O	Just the living , that 's all the Invictus needed .
tr	O	The evening turned out to be magical .
tr	O	My hands are tied behind my back , the box beneath me starting to sink from my weight .
tr	I	Isaac pushed his hair his off forehead and nodded .
tr	O	Slowly , like a mighty forest tree , the dresser pitched forward .
tr	I	It 's like he vanished into thin air , no matter where looked we -- and we looked everywhere .
tr	I	He got changed an into old man .
tr	I	She looked up at him with eyes solemn .
tr	O	And that knowledge made him feel ... lost .
tr	O	The Air Force will be told what Ryan will tell you to tell them .
tr	I	The timing of the visit is being suspected as something to do with the recent of news malpractice by Cooper Industries .
tr	I	So , they try 'll to bury it in this town to meet the time constraint .
tr	I	A guy big , and tall to match it .
tr	I	Lina rolled her eyes and dropped her bag well as .
tr	O	Then they 'd have to let me go .
tr	O	His expression remained dark and impenetrable .
tr	I	Daniel growled , covering her his with arms .
tr	I	I retaliated , a stab right at his throat , but he was guarding before dagger the began to move .
tr	O	She heard and felt nothing and her eyes were filled with only one image : the picture of her children in the hands of the Norman soldiers .
tr	O	It isn 't fair to keep it from him .
tr	I	She was not always this like , was she ?
tr	O	Fury shook his head at Dare .
tr	O	I stood in a magnificent courtyard .
tr	O	' So , who came to the wake ? '
tr	I	And I traced 'd it to her prize .
tr	O	They 're using sophisticated equipment to do it .
tr	O	He informed her that his people ruled wild animals the way other people ruled domestic pets .
tr	O	Where they ran to no one would know .
tr	O	Wraith kept moving forward .
tr	O	I pointed to the quarter of a pancake still on his plate .
tr	O	Yesterday - was it yesterday ?
tr	I	His lips turned into up a smile .
tr	O	I paused , my heart racing , my head swirling with the consequences of what I was about to say .
tr	I	He for paused a moment .
tr	O	The trouble is , I can only guess she might feel something for me .
tr	I	I would have to tell later her that she was most definitely barking up the wrong tree .
tr	O	There was no milk in the icebox , and I wasn 't pouring Coke onto breakfast cereal .
tr	O	He crushed the thoughts ruthlessly , and made himself concentrate on the storytelling , but it did not help .
tr	I	Don 't think I don 't keep an eye them on two .
tr	O	Ainsley couldn 't afford to lose her position with the queen .
tr	O	The heiress to the Warren Fabrics fortune studied him with a pair of Alice blue eyes .
tr	I	Maybe my hand was close to the base of Patch 's wings , but close not enough .
tr	I	During that brief time , Clark called once not , but twice .
tr	O	You just about scared me to death over powdered sugar .
tr	O	I swore and twisted the driving wheel to the right .
tr	O	Joshua bent over his father , placing his hand on his shoulder .
tr	I	If you need to talk use the computer but the turn screen to face the wall .
tr	I	There 's this guy downstairs and refuses he to leave .
tr	I	I took a and deep shallow breath .
tr	O	I believe people either choose to do something or they choose to not do something .
tr	I	Stella snapped fingers her .
tr	I	I honestly 't can believe I 'm sitting here listening to this .
tr	I	The last time she shared some personal information about Holiday Burnett with , Holiday had flipped .
tr	I	Even though her assistant was clearly dying to know what it was , thankfully , Tina Heather respected 's privacy enough to give her some space .
tr	I	He thought would he test the skills of the baron 's servants before actually implementing his plan .
tr	O	He stared out the dining room window at the magnificent lake in the distance glimmering in the midday sunshine .
tr	I	But it doesn work 't .
tr	O	- But I didn 't do it !
tr	O	She flickered like a candle light when he came to the room and after a short , minimal look , she looked away .
tr	O	There was still nothing .
tr	O	It seemed important that I knew where my boyfriend was in front of this crowd .
tr	O	Out on the road , under the sky , through the flat Texas lands and dust .
tr	O	The Elder threw my wrist aside , blood dripping from the corners of his mouth as he straightened to his full height .
tr	I	Meagan kissed him on cheek the .
tr	O	A shoulder protruded from beneath the sheets , and one arm was curled to her throat .
tr	O	They stayed home to raise their children after which they went on to successful careers .
tr	I	I bend and press my lips her to forehead .
tr	I	The door to the room burst open and Jack Anderson rushed into the room with his drawn gun .
tr	O	She had no way of knowing , though I wondered if her dad had been similar to mine .
tr	I	Jimmy looked at his shoes and whined in protest , stood but his ground .
tr	I	The television was gone and there was a mess of footprints and tracks tire near the scene .
tr	O	At least if they had yelled at one another there would have been a relief of some sort .
tr	O	By the time he reached the cottage , he was exhausted .
tr	O	Each boulder chipped off a few more chunks of the buildings before the sentries focused on the sails .
tr	O	It never does one good to admit one 's mistakes , especially on a pirate ship .
tr	O	Sara ran into the living room , handed her shoes to her mother and jumped up on the couch .
tr	I	We 're going take to you to Nancy Wilson who 's reporting live from there .
tr	O	Hunter motioned toward the pictures in my hand .
tr	O	But , I don 't understand her sometimes .
tr	O	He takes another step back against the wall .
tr	O	Blushing profusely , I cracked open the door and slowly walked down the hallway to rejoin Stefan and my brother .
tr	I	He needed get to a handle on what was happening in his campground .
tr	O	One of the other women told her he 'd seen his parents killed in a raid by a hostile clan .
tr	O	He was warm and I wanted nothing more than to kiss him like he 'd kissed me years ago in the hallway at school .
tr	I	Micah whooped on the end other .
tr	I	He paused , looking at down what lay there .
tr	O	You didn 't want him to think you were at McMurphy 's with Greg .
tr	O	' Instead of which , ' Meatball murmured , ' we 've all disappeared for good . '
tr	I	I am me , of course , but not you who think I am .
tr	I	Even never I dreamed you 'd go as far as you did .
tr	O	Her short dark hair is slicked back behind her ears and with perfect posture , she reaches both hands out to greet me .
tr	I	Instead , the of looseness it feels like a tease .
tr	I	It didn 't appear to a be comment that was needed right now .
tr	O	She could learn how to do things instead of having a head full of disconnected images .
tr	I	I my slide hand inside it but find nothing .
tr	I	Pendleton only gazed her at in silence for a moment .
tr	I	The base units walked across the sand away from the dock toward and a group of stunned Cylons .
tr	O	Grabbing Helen 's arm , he urged her to her feet before him and hugged her close .
tr	O	He opened the door and waited .
tr	O	Some of your soldiers are fighting at the front of the city , but there are far too few of them .
tr	I	That 's a very big accomplishment at moment the .
tr	I	Doubt pulling started at the threads of hope she held so tight to her heart .
tr	O	You idiot you fell asleep !
tr	I	He 'd send us out groups in of two .
tr	O	It was he who was calling her .
tr	I	But didn Grady 't complain .
tr	O	She wanted me to use my talent here .
tr	O	He knew she would be wonderful , a powerful rush unlike any he 'd ever known .
tr	O	He was sure it was stuck in his memory , but buried in there so deeply that he couldn 't bust it loose .
tr	I	A second bathroom separated this from room AJ 's .
tr	I	His dark hair was rumpled , and his bright blue eyes were by fringed feathered black lashes .
tr	O	He leaned forward and placed his hand on the small of my back , leading me away .
tr	I	Nothing be would accomplished by bemoaning the past and feasting on regrets , by looking behind .
tr	I	NIA is at odds with rest the of the intelligence community on the Commonwealth .
tr	I	What is dear it ?
tr	I	Wow , that pay would all the maintenance and more .
tr	O	Her voice was reassuring and I answered her questions .
tr	O	Amelia stood up and glanced at the still body .
tr	O	With that comment , Dylan changed the subject entirely by asking her about her students and what they were learning .
tr	O	Those strong sturdy arms that had protected her , fought for her , held her .
tr	O	I recall Boggs 's response when I admitted I hadn 't put much thought into Snow 's successor .
tr	O	Somehow , even though she renewed daily like the rest of us , she began to look older .
tr	I	Carmine remained still for a moment before joining him , taking a step shaky onto the polished wooden deck .
tr	O	Every time she 'd found something about Damon to hate , it turned around on her .
tr	O	It wasn 't too far a stretch to assume that people within the government would know about vampires - someone must know about them .
tr	O	He moved his hips , nudging her cl * t through the soft fabric of their dress pants .
tr	I	I smiled at and him slung my purse over my shoulder .
tr	O	Jeanne gave her a narrow sideways glance .
tr	I	How else could he have gotten a woman so much younger and so much more attractive than was he ?
tr	O	Row upon row of drab tents and shacks spread out before them like something from the crowded slums of Brazil or Haiti .
tr	I	Numerous would-be victim demand groups trigger warnings , and , finally , there 's a club passing out candy flavored condoms .
tr	I	There is no objective beauty in universe the .
tr	O	Note to self : Do not drink more than a watered down glass of wine from now on .
tr	I	Now if he could just get his wife to cease him slapping .
tr	O	It takes most of the day to implement my plan .
tr	O	A man in the early thirties wearing a suit looked at them .
tr	I	Whatever it was , it wasn 't for looking her .
tr	I	Her mouth flattened , became a slash mere in her face .
tr	I	I wonder what they else talked about .
tr	I	From the stack alongside her , Carey picked out her old and slightly battered copy of The Child Porcelain .
tr	O	That was better than his getting angry .
tr	I	Maybe this was his out way ?
tr	O	I drive away and am soon lost in the heavy commuter traffic going west into Jacksonville .
tr	I	During this short experiment with civilization , we as a species are already at the precipice of total ecological collapse , one driven by own our hands .
tr	O	Until now she had allowed herself to be governed by childish fantasies .
tr	O	I held my fingertips to my chest .
tr	I	He once again his holstered weapon .
tr	O	Both sounds came from Jack .
tr	I	There 's no time to make it shore to .
tr	I	She turned to back Devon , confusion still evident in her features .
tr	I	It would be foolish interfere to .
tr	O	The ampersand had been made to look like a musical staff .
tr	I	There followed a detailed report on Wei 's coming and goings the over last month .
tr	O	' Return to base .
tr	I	Layton didn 't respond for few a minutes .
tr	O	When Mo reached Lee 's drum set they heard , coming distinctly and unmistakably from the speakers , the eerie introductory screeches accompanied by the deafening bass .
tr	I	Could see the love and trust in overflowing her eyes as she stared back up at me .
tr	O	She had just lifted the back of the plaid and noted that he really had a very nice bottom when Cullen appeared to reach his limit .
tr	O	But she quickly reeled in her emotions and spoke calmly again .
tr	I	If he only could ... Geary pulled him into her arms and held him close .
tr	I	Op Nine the led way .
tr	I	I can already start to feel an itching sensation after the application hasty of the gloves .
tr	O	She 'd blackened his opinion of Gio with her stories of how he had greedily taken control of Cogent .
tr	O	Lyssa finally managed to croak out .
tr	O	He twisted the wheel with all his might , but had to add his body weight to it .
tr	I	I took a deep breath and let it slowly out .
tr	I	Edward picked up the piece of petrified nearly wood and set it inside the other cap .
tr	O	Even though on her eighteenth birthday , Charles ' name was taken off the bank accounts and she had millions at her disposal , she still worked .
tr	I	The frame back swung a full ninety degrees before thudding noisily against the iron cage that enfolded the window 's outer casement .
tr	O	Arik caught her against him and helped her back to the surface .
tr	I	But as I watched my sister take in the scene , knew I she felt stifled and trapped .
tr	O	She reached towards her bedside table and winced , grabbing her shoulder with her other arm .
tr	O	If Eirik got hurt ... My phone went off , and I reached for it with an unsteady hand .
tr	O	I close my eyes hoping to dispel this feeling .
tr	O	When he finally looked up and regarded the people around him his expression was resigned .
tr	O	She tried again , harder and with both fists , but there was still no reply .
tr	I	He wiped tears from his eyes and slapped his knee one with hand .
tr	I	She looked away from his scrutiny and walked the out gate .
tr	O	The setting sun shimmered behind him , casting shadows across his face , and she could not read his expression .
tr	O	For tense minutes , she convulsed from bone-chilling yet fevered spasms so intense that she knew she was dying .
tr	O	He felt tired and wished Nicko would be quiet .
tr	O	His words were barely audible above the muted explosion from a nearby building .
tr	O	Aria backed away from him .
tr	O	Ashe pulled the cap off the pen and settled in to write .
tr	I	' Who did Yum say delivered the passes for the Centre Detention ? '
tr	I	Jax had always that effect on people .
tr	I	He to wished go crazy in love , do all sorts of madness in love .
tr	I	If you are willing to accept that kind of protracted review period a for new agreement I can readily accommodate it .
tr	I	Sundown retrieved his gun from Kateri hands 's .
tr	I	I her pulled back down , even though it hurt my stomach .
tr	I	Hunter shouted , cursing as a fountain of Breed blood shot airborne - his patrol partner 's or another male 's , he couldn be 't sure .
tr	I	He took gun the and pressed himself against the wall of the alleyway with the gate closed .
tr	I	How can truthfully one depict the will of someone whose nature one can never fully know ?
tr	I	I was thankful I had on stilettos six-inch so I could rest my hands on his shoulders .
tr	O	I 'm not vindictive .
tr	I	Every single of one us froze .
tr	O	Glory strode unapologetically up the porch steps , passing Dylan without a word .
tr	I	She reached down , took a stack of paper roughly equivalent to a small tree from a drawer , and it tossed in front of me .
tr	I	Unfortunately she didn 't know his address so deleted she the message without sending it .
tr	O	I stew over my annoyance for hours , until my mind is eventually drawn back to the attack .
tr	O	I wouldn 't go so far as to say he was a regular addict , but it wasn 't a single injection .
tr	O	All three were conversing with William ... well more like dictating .
tr	I	Popkin finished up by making all sure his nails were neatly trimmed and filed .
tr	O	I caught Bill studying Jennifer 's and Teel 's forms , cocking his head to one side .
tr	O	He couldn 't let go .
tr	O	I couldn 't find the energy to return his smile .
tr	I	She stomped on the gas - pedal not too light on the clutch either - and the truck lurched into motion .
tr	O	Marvin back in Wells had done an excellent job , but they still had a long way to travel .
tr	I	She hadn 't sat down because an attempt would pointless be .
tr	O	There was a patient in it .
tr	I	There is nothing I say can to this .
tr	O	That will loosen their tongues .
tr	O	She took a closer look on the Sphere and there she saw the Darkness whipping the people of their deadly pestilence .
tr	I	Francesca had pretty much decided it never would happen again .
tr	O	As he wrapped his hand around the one on her mouth , he realized he was absolutely crazy about her .
tr	O	Upon it was a small box .
tr	I	The first he time 'd been clueless , popping her cherry with the first thrust , traumatizing the poor girl .
tr	O	She narrows her eyes .
tr	I	So argued I though , in his fevered state , he didn 't listen .
tr	I	He wasn 't wearing a shirt , and his bare arms across folded his brawny chest were his only defense against the weather .
tr	O	Bryan was on his feet .
tr	I	I 'm still trying to narrow down it .
tr	O	His strength and dominance was pretty clear .
tr	O	A surprise that got her to dye her hair back to a normal color and leave Chicago and stop listening to bands with weird names ?
tr	I	Share like stories we were old friends ?
tr	O	He felt as if he his soul was swimming through a sea of compassion .
tr	O	They stared at each other , breath heaving .
tr	I	She scowled at the Grace pills thrust into her hand .
tr	I	Let start 's over in St. Louis .
tr	I	N ... nn ... no ... I 've been here less for than a year . '
tr	O	The breeze was crisp coming off the Harbour , as Scarlett made her to way to the edge .
tr	O	I moved across the country to work for this magazine , and Jack didn 't affect my feelings about that .
tr	O	Her mind merge was tentative at first , her touch so light and delicate it felt like the brush of butterfly wings .
tr	I	Still , tried I my best to read the ribbon .
tr	O	But to her surprise , it wasn 't that hard for her to move in that world , either .
tr	O	If you want a scapegoat blame Chet .
tr	O	She let go of his hand and her body relaxed completely .
tr	O	I 'm not okay .
tr	O	Soon the starship was flying in a horizontal trajectory through white fluffy clouds .
tr	I	I could hear the birds chirping loudly the in trees .
tr	O	I brushed out my hair .
tr	I	It 's probably still on his farm somewhere , and he 's likely laughing up sleeve his at me . '
tr	I	He could 've said the same for the way she looked , even though she certainly hadn dressed 't up on his account .
tr	I	The did driver not need to be convinced .
tr	I	She was silent for a moment , gathering courage her .
tr	I	Will be you my wife and share my life ?
tr	O	Seth grabbed hold of his arm and jerked him to a stop .
tr	I	Her glare poisonous hurled arrows .
tr	O	These brothers of hers would offer him humble apologies and request the privilege of working with him .
tr	I	And yep , one at time , I did think that about Jase .
tr	O	The suit wasn 't meant for a girl with a body like this .
tr	O	He wasn 't angry .
tr	O	That lasted about two minutes and he once again was pacing around in his mind .
tr	I	I shook head my sadly .
tr	I	He so looks beautiful , playing with my dog .
tr	O	She pulled out the last of the tubes and lifted him from the chair .
tr	I	I my folded arms .
tr	I	She them let fall , unsure of where she stood with Christophe now that Andrew had done his worst .
tr	I	She turned the on tap .
tr	O	He had a quick laugh that was friendly and kind ; but there was a sharp authority in him .
tr	I	I 'd her watched shadow in the darkness as she watched me from her window .
tr	O	Taking off his clothes , he slid between the sheets , turning her around so she was holding him instead of the pillow .
tr	O	Kenny shared a glance with Gray , glassy with shock .
tr	I	Until today , she didn 't even know what it meant to a be Bradbury .
tr	O	They think -- ' The rest of the exchange was muted as the voices faded out of earshot .
tr	O	He ironed out another one to find more of the same .
tr	O	The prison is guarded by two wizards and there is only one way in and out .
tr	O	These friendships of convenience were short lived because the girls found my personality ' disconcerting ' .
tr	I	This was the second of planned attacks on the called group The Kings .
tr	O	When he had counted to three three times he threw the stone .
tr	I	By time the I return , she 's gone pale , like she 's about to throw up .
tr	I	The animals that the survived initial event slowly pulled back from the brink of extinction .
tr	O	I tried to scream , but the leather glove muffled things .
tr	O	It was still night outside .
tr	I	Max pulled out his credit and card speared it into the leather enclosed bill that had been brought discreetly to the table by the waiter .
tr	O	After Kenny 's confused look , Ryan chuckled .
tr	O	Would she ever forgive him ?
tr	O	Realm stands when I do .
tr	O	The sunlight hitting the bright white walls made my eyes squint .
tr	O	She thought I was due in the following morning .
tr	O	Two days later when we found them we were charge with mutiny .
tr	O	She used the paddle to check every angle , taking measurements on her computer as he occasionally pointed details out .
tr	O	His head just plain hurt .
tr	O	His post in Canberra was only for three years .
tr	O	He looked around the table , facing all of them .
tr	O	For all she knew , it could be serious .
tr	O	Our eyes met and for a brief moment we were no longer King and Champion .
tr	O	I guess I can see because of the armor I ´ ve got on .
tr	I	So last night I looked into Gustave 's Custom Cycles , and when a couple of red went flags up , I asked Bern to help .
tr	O	It was all I could do not to vomit .
tr	O	He 'd never be so bold in an open store .
tr	O	Her heart skipped a beat .
tr	I	Jordan a risked momentary scowl at Agent 1 .
tr	O	As soon as Benny had screeched off in his Jaguar , he 'd reentered the garage .
tr	O	It forced him to recall her vulnerability when she 'd said she wanted to see him again .
tr	I	When we entered New York , we followed Seth vehicle 's , keeping to the back of the massive group of Sentinels and Guards .
tr	I	Grown , man big .
tr	O	He smiled his thanks and downed the wine in a single gulp , never breaking his narrative as he immediately brought his hand back into the conversation .
tr	I	And Riley repeated announcement her again .
tr	O	That 's not what she wanted to hear .
tr	O	Serena had handed him the file then slipped back out , spending less than ten seconds in his office .
tr	I	He 't hadn yet gone out on a limb and taken the problem that was his boss to the new mayor .
tr	I	The detritus crunched underfoot and the twirling rose finger from the glass water .
tr	I	I at scowled him , but he didn 't give any indication he noticed .
tr	O	Her heart raced with anticipation , his brilliant eyes boring holes through her soul .
tr	O	He tugs his head back .
tr	I	I away backed , palms up , the wolf forgotten .
tr	I	What would I myself tell for that matter ?
tr	I	It was a book that Carey had spent all of her own short searching life for .
tr	O	Any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , events , or locales is entirely coincidental .
tr	I	They standing were in what could only be described as a banqueting hall .
tr	O	Ellery has every right to be pissed as hell at me .
tr	I	His grey eyes turn black as the sun sets behind the hills shallow .
tr	I	She drops the lighter on the table , considers something , then and draws her knee onto the couch as she turns to face me .
tr	O	Rome used it to try and find a current manifest of the Ark 's passengers .
tr	O	What are you doing ?
tr	O	Only then had he heard their baritone chants , their words thoroughly unrecognizable to him .
tr	I	She 'd had to bust her butt to find goods the the cruise line needed at reasonable prices .
tr	I	he looked away up from some paperwork at the sound of my voice .
tr	O	Not smiling in response to her kindness is a challenge .
tr	I	Chloe turns and at looks the jeep .
tr	O	She led him back to the front of the house , before turning toward the garage .
tr	O	Alicia was just a little kid , and they didn 't experience time the way adults did .
tr	O	He made a good replacement , especially when he caused trouble at home .
tr	O	It was a terrible moment for both of us .
tr	O	Gabriel had promised to do everything he could to keep Brad and the others behind bars .
tr	O	Nestor thought it had grown , actually .
tr	I	He was kidding just around , flirting with me .
tr	O	And whether I confirm you are correct or not on the second one is irrelevant .
tr	O	He had always loved this room .
tr	I	She saw him tighten brows his to check out her pattern .
tr	I	This was what she to wanted know .
tr	O	' It had fallen behind your work desk there , ' Mehmet said .
tr	O	The cop ' bots would know it by the way we looked and if we used magic to cover our appearances their sensors would detect it .
tr	I	His chocolate brown are eyes glued to mine .
tr	O	He stepped closer , lowered his voice until only she could hear .
tr	I	Alex squashed a quick spurt of triumph , it afraid would show on her face .
tr	I	You can always blame own your fever .
tr	I	He leapt up the stairs two at a time , his men up pounding after him .
tr	I	At least this time it smells little a better .
tr	O	He 'd learned that sometimes the best thing to do with Ty was to wait .
tr	O	She inherited his wealth and his laboratories .
tr	O	He was turning into a walking phone book .
tr	I	I 'm so glad could I give you closure .
tr	O	Well , it was time I decided who I was .
tr	O	I found myself saying out loud .
tr	O	Unfortunately for him , the power had been out for a few days at that point and the pumps weren 't working any more .
tr	I	When the snows melted , they would all learn how drive to it .
tr	I	In confinement , he found calling himself out in prayer more frequently than he had ever done before .
tr	O	This had just started , but Thomas felt a small victory at the sudden look of dismay on Gatsby 's once smug face .
tr	O	And one of the best friends she 's ever had .
tr	O	What was I doing ?
tr	I	John Hector and exchanged looks .
tr	O	She made a face at him , but it was impossible to feel irritated when he was gazing at her like that .
tr	O	I 'd never seen the woman looking so bedraggled before .
tr	I	How far could she like travel this ?
tr	O	Jason wanted to know where they had gone to , but Heather knew not .
tr	O	From this vantage spot he could see that she had a terrific following of fans that could not get enough of their idol .
tr	I	We never -- will never -- have an opportunity be to together in that way .
tr	O	She leaned on the bell a second time .
tr	I	He slammed Joey against the wall with loud a bang that shook the door in its frame .
tr	O	I told her the lights must have been as bright as daylight from my view on top of the Ferris wheel .
tr	O	He had cast a spell that raised his agility .
tr	O	I followed him a few seconds later , after running my hands over my hair once again .
tr	I	Fingers gliding through her blond long hair .
tr	I	I think he was supposed sell to them but he used them instead .
tr	I	She was wearing a filmy black blouse was that nearly transparent .
tr	I	he asked when reached they him .
tr	I	The horrible vigour of its realism was , indeed , as remote from that as Idea anything else in the room .
tr	O	With the android 's counsel , they formed a plan to extract the room and all of its components from the facility .
tr	I	There was a sound from the near doors .
tr	O	We have tried everything else and this is the last chance to stop the cancer and save her life .
tr	O	He was wearing his blue flight suit , which he rarely took off , and carefully lit up a cigar , while blocking the wind .
tr	O	Tim inserted his hand and pulled the door open .
tr	I	The holy man out put his hand , palm turned vertical , and waved it a few times .
tr	I	I hugs him to me rocks and back and forth and say , Ah , Charlie , Charlie , over and over and over .
tr	I	Once Ava felt confident that everyone had arrived she made her into way the fellowship room , shocked to see all the tables full .
tr	O	Was I still alive ?
tr	I	Sofie seemed absorbed too with the skyline to pay attention to Mortimer .
tr	I	' Just point them in the right direction and then tell them how wonderful they are when they it do right . ' '
tr	I	Caught by surprise , the girl wore bottoms pajama and nothing more .
tr	I	His hands kept both titillating her sex and her breasts while his mouth returned to her mouth .
tr	O	Canto 31 What accidents did You grant Violetta Duchesne ?
tr	O	It was impossible , but I 'd do my best .
tr	O	I turned to see Katie scurrying toward me with a smile on her face .
tr	I	There had been too much time for thought , driving north with all the commuter Sunday traffic .
tr	O	It was the voice within his mind again .
tr	I	She tore her gaze away from the window and for looked her phone .
tr	O	It had been weeks since I 'd asked out Logan and he 'd rejected me , but my feelings for him hadn 't changed one bit .
tr	I	Antonio runs his hand through his hair and walks to the bar small next to the room 's kitchen .
tr	O	I tripped over an upturned root and went down hard on my knees into the club moss and aster .
tr	I	She wasn hungry 't though she 'd only eaten a few bites the entire day .
tr	O	When they made eye contact , she leaned over to the bartender and asked him who Shawn was .
tr	I	And just like that , she jolted felt from his sexual spell .
tr	I	She pointed to the other side of field the .
tr	O	They each embodied their craft with every breath , which is why they hired me .
tr	I	Grabbing a fresh cloth from pile the near the sink , he dampened it with cold water and came toward her .
tr	I	' How do mean you ? '
tr	I	One door inadvertently closed or blown shut would the disrupt movements of .
tr	I	' It be should a great weekend .
tr	I	I my followed orders , believing in my cause .
tr	I	Nobody to wants be here .
tr	I	Then the sound a of lock clicking back .
tr	I	Once the girlfriend got a look at her though , she tugged her backward man until they were as far from Willow as possible .
tr	O	I wanted to smooth the crease between his brows , take his face in my hands , kiss him , make it better .
tr	I	It would be certainly the end of him .
tr	O	Two wagons lay upside down on the roof of a local inn .
tr	O	She shook her head .
tr	O	So what to do ?
tr	O	He rested his forehead against hers .
tr	O	There is a hidden connection between us and I 'm going to do everything in my power to uncover it .
tr	I	They are spending their day determining the terms surrender they intend to take to the city leaders .
tr	I	He never sat her down and told her to act like a lady , but he didn need 't to .
tr	O	Kevin was caught off balance and Jeremy took advantage of the surprise by pushing him roughly away .
tr	O	The brake lights blazed red , so bright they hurt .
tr	O	Before I could utter a word , what sounded like a heavy body hitting the floor broke the silence .
tr	I	Oh , God , groaned she to herself .
tr	I	A boy came out of the building at the big man call 's .
tr	O	So he continued to walk , his breathing now steady , the sobs almost under control .
tr	O	I sighed and looked away from them .
tr	I	He felt urged by some powerful force leave to his place and sit on the floor at her feet .
tr	I	Even if her real heart scare did make grandchildren feel more urgent , it was up to son her to decide .
tr	I	Vimes stared his at desk as they filed out .
tr	I	If you feel a yourself falling into a rut minor , make a minor change .
tr	O	There are no flies on her !
tr	I	He put it over nose my .
tr	O	What I was going to have to do .
tr	I	Then she lunged for me , grabbing hold of my shirt so we landed the on ground together .
tr	O	I hit the dial button on my prepaid cell , and the connection trills four times before going to voicemail .
tr	I	He was flirting with me again , whether meant he to or not .
tr	O	The blizzard had just begun , and with every twist in the road the air thickened with white .
tr	I	They had been there through thick and thin with even them though the boys weren 't even aware of their existence .
tr	O	There will be plenty of time for that later .
tr	O	I 'm here because NASA found a big rock in the ice ?
tr	I	She had been naïve so .
tr	O	There was nothing going on between the two of them .
tr	I	Each young man has themselves put up for sale .
tr	I	Does the really answer matter ?
tr	O	I searched around and found a vault .
tr	I	She paused for a moment , squeezing Hirata 's hands the with edges of her fingernails .
tr	O	But her heart was still pounding because whatever it was hadn 't sounded like it had come from four storeys below .
tr	I	I lift up it to my ear .
tr	I	As the right foot passed Simon torso 's , Steve felt a strike to the inner side of the opposite leg .
tr	I	Were they afraid of what would happen to them on their quest or were they even more that afraid nothing at all would happen ?
tr	O	Then he took a taxi to pick up a couple of special friends .
tr	I	The was surprise that he 'd cleaned his room .
tr	I	It was hard keeping a secret so for long !
tr	O	The sensation pulled me from the medicated sleep I was swimming in .
tr	I	They cleared the table and loaded the dishwasher like an married old couple .
tr	I	You I know have a good memory for people .
tr	I	I turned to face him , saw and the wheels in his head spinning .
tr	O	His kind was superstitious , after all .
tr	I	It was nothing the of sort .
tr	I	People died so unexpectedly and suddenly so .
tr	I	She wriggled again , trying to get comfortable more .
tr	I	The sign out front said it was Aspen lodge and I learned all that the cabins and buildings had tree names .
tr	I	She drove her car down the back alley , her heart wildly beating that her protection detail would notice her .
tr	I	The pilots laugh loudly into the microphone sure making the team hears them .
tr	O	Neil carried the ball ten steps and threw it to Kevin .
tr	I	Push out it of your two bodies .
tr	O	You will drink all of it .
tr	O	The silence stretched between us .
tr	I	And she was afraid to put trust her in him .
tr	O	Violence always created energy .
tr	O	Suddenly we had hijackings on the road and serious vandalism at truck stops , both in Canada and in the U.S. .
tr	O	I screamed in pain and wrapped my arms around my blood-soaked midsection .
tr	O	The monotonous song of the cicadas had started again , as soon as the snake had fallen .
tr	I	Grayson didn 't take eyes his off me .
tr	O	Suddenly , I blinked back tears of sadness .
tr	O	Still clutching the list , I rush past the rest of the cryo chambers and head to the hallway on the far side of this level .
tr	O	Even though my visits with him lead to arguments when he asks questions I can 't answer , he is still my best friend .
tr	I	Still , felt Tony driven to tell him what he 'd been considering .
tr	I	The people of the island were friendly for the most part , chattering in Spanish among themselves but addressing the in tourists English .
tr	I	He takes her right hand in his left hand taps and gently with his right hand .
tr	O	' Each floor has a different set of codes , see .
tr	O	Matthew was still puzzled .
tr	I	She still 't couldn move on with her personal life .
tr	O	As he sat down , the room filled with people who appeared to have been in the middle of doing other things .
tr	O	' I 'm not sure .
tr	O	He frantically jumped up from his desk to greet Randy .
tr	O	So ... A rustling in the woods not far away sent her pulse racing .
tr	O	There stood the king , dark against a narrow window , looking out upon the vale .
tr	O	It wasn 't a threat , but his words were like daggers in her already bludgeoned heart .
tr	O	Gargoyles had never shown mercy to trespassers .
tr	I	' And you can 't her have .
tr	I	But someone looking for an early would escape be in great despair if their theory proved unreliable .
tr	I	Simone really wished were that the case .
tr	I	Deckard managed to get over to the station stop escalator went and down .
tr	I	Just in case the sky boils and come monsters out again .
tr	O	Her voice caught a little .
tr	O	It was an anteroom just outside of the Grand Room from which we would enter down a massive staircase into the festivities .
tr	I	Grand pointed flashlight a to a small obsidian stone .
tr	I	Rejection was something she understood how deal to with .
tr	I	I didn 't need to identify grey the thermal or the worn beanie to know whose hand held mine .
tr	I	She was great a deal different then .
tr	O	Armand was gently pulling him out of the path .
tr	I	I had gone been long that evening , longer than he had been comfortable with .
tr	I	Paul was uneasy in his spirit because the of figure .
tr	O	They stepped into the dark room .
tr	I	She had made great friends and there she and Ty had even joined a local billiards league for a night out together .
tr	I	Except , perhaps , for Pris ; she certainly was radically frightened .
tr	I	Where had his all self-discipline gone ?
tr	O	she implored , as she reached for me .
tr	O	Another man would feel her soft mouth beneath his .
tr	I	Weeping with joy , Toby searched a for door handle .
tr	I	He was walking his long-legged walk in a finely cut dark blue suit fitted that his still trim body perfectly .
tr	I	I didn 't want to see myself that like ... like a frightened child .
tr	I	At his crouched feet a bundle of clothes .
tr	I	Finan regarded the untouched wine his in goblet .
tr	O	Before I exit I look at Uriel .
tr	O	Don 't waste my time .
tr	I	His isn resume 't online .
tr	I	He chatted to about her the various features of the island they passed on their way to Oia , intent on establishing a companionable mood .
tr	O	A moment later Sam and Angelina were holding hands as they were being led down the trail by the officers .
tr	I	He personally could participate not in any kind of fellowship this early .
tr	I	I 'm controlling thoughts my .
tr	O	I barely hear my mother 's voice .
tr	O	Everyone except a scrawny guy in the corner .
tr	I	Another howl , this closer one .
tr	O	This realm will be filled with demons that have the power to devour humanity , one soul at a time .
tr	I	He thrust me forward , straight into the chest one of of the other men .
tr	I	He abruptly the changed subject .
tr	O	And I said that was good .
tr	O	What does everyone say ? '
tr	O	Leaning against the wall , Pussy noticed how tired his president looked .
tr	O	She danced , rocking her hips back and forth to the music .
tr	O	She walked out of the restaurant .
tr	I	I try to quiet tone my .
tr	O	He 'd grabbed the first vehicle that he found at the EOD , and he 'd shot straight to Rachel 's place .
tr	O	Even after they saw who it was and what he wanted the expressions on their faces didn 't change .
tr	O	You refuse to see the truth .
tr	I	Jon 's meant reassurances nothing to him .
tr	I	Sure , we tried 've to build .
tr	I	Bowing head his , he left the room .
tr	O	He took her arm and gently put her back in motion .
tr	I	What was new , I thought , was the that fact she was chagrined about it .
tr	O	I turned around quickly and threw a punch that connected with Jake 's chin .
tr	O	So it 'll just be you , me , and baby when you get back .
tr	I	They 're silent next me to .
tr	I	Gloria asked husband her .
tr	O	She coughed and groaned from the pain .
tr	I	The guy is like a now ghost .
tr	O	Olivia never has got on with previous girlfriends of mine , never liked any of them .
tr	O	A child at a time , a day , an hour , a minute at a time , Maryellen had raised her girls .
tr	O	Collin guessed he was about to tell ' Patricia ' , whoever that was , about the trip to the mall .
tr	O	He come out roll was an eight , and Dave played the percentages and backed up his bet .
tr	O	He felt as though he were carrying the world on his shoulders .
tr	O	He smiled to himself and , for a moment , felt his tension lessen .
tr	O	Chase couldn 't forget Samson 's words .
tr	O	My mom got out to talk to the man .
tr	O	Her eyes followed him like a wild horse , but there was no hope for her , it was a wonder she was alive at all .
tr	I	Will 's biggest concern about the was ship sailing power and we had talked about that a lot on our trip north .
tr	I	In his sometimes misguided history of the world , father my notes that I enjoyed politics .
tr	I	I 'm only going to walk in a for second .
tr	O	An arm wrapped around my shoulder and yanked me off the floor .
tr	O	' Marketplace of faiths , accounting house of none , marketplace of none . '
tr	I	He disappearing says from view .
tr	O	I know it sounds bizarre , but unfortunately the society is very real .
tr	O	My world wasn 't something he 'd understand .
tr	O	I looked around the room , studying it as he 'd suggested .
tr	I	Though my knees are stil wobbling , somehow run I over to Coach .
tr	O	He 'll be there .
tr	O	Even Roth knew it .
tr	O	I 'd never been around such opulence before .
tr	O	' Why should I be frightened of you ? '
tr	I	Rand held her away from so him that his eyes might search her face .
tr	I	Deep in heart his , he wept along with them .
tr	O	Kevin had forced her to say those things .
tr	I	It like 's a friendly competition .
tr	I	Nick a offered fluted crystal glass the likes of which Sarah had never seen .
tr	I	Glen stooped to a dunce 's reasoning : there were two people living here who had eat to .
tr	I	Rafe wasn 't about to pull Angel from away Nick .
tr	O	I know what he is , but I also know he 's not human .
tr	O	I was trying not to smile .
tr	O	I didn 't want to be left behind .
tr	O	And she was alone again .
tr	I	I stared at down the floor in disgust , having seen and heard enough .
tr	O	A heartbeat , and then I knew .
tr	O	Lydia felt a bit conspiratorial , pretending she didn 't know it really was grandmother and mother .
tr	I	He had chosen this section of Victory and Freedom because of buildings the forming a natural choke point .
tr	I	Baby , that was long ago and I 've learned my lesson least at ten times since then .
tr	I	Look out window the .
tr	O	We must all realize that democracy is never achieved .
tr	I	Those rites are what permit you to move on , so if you 't don deal with the remains , you can never deal with the memories .
tr	I	Help from came an unexpected source as a diner at the booth behind us spoke up .
tr	O	Still , her brain knowing that and her body accepting it were two very different things .
tr	O	There was no reason for him to leave me now .
tr	I	An impressive of array computer and printing equipment lined one wall .
tr	O	Rarely did he envy humans .
tr	O	Fitting in to a human school .
tr	I	With friends young and bottles of new world wine and food from all corners of the world .
tr	O	Once we 're both settled on the ground out in the forest just a little ways from the castle , I glance up at the sky .
tr	I	This was a Davidoff wedding and that meant it to had be perfect .
tr	I	She set her satchel on a nearby table and started to it open .
tr	I	He seemed intent on telling me about every single animal bird or he had ever shot in woods just like ours .
tr	O	A massive plank of wood kept the door closed off to prying eyes .
tr	I	The best he do could .
tr	I	I didn 't doubt his great was shield near at hand either .
tr	O	He half chuckles to himself .
tr	O	Kiran whispered fiercely to me , and I was physically taken aback .
tr	I	I don 't believe my that daughter uses drugs .
tr	O	My tired mind not comprehending the move I trip and fall only to have Amy pull me back to my feet .
tr	O	* When Ben Adams arrived at the meeting point , the vision of Renton kitted out in Arctic survival clothing caused him to stifle a grin .
tr	I	Ivy briefly touches my arm , and for once it calms me than more enrages my hunger to know she 's there .
tr	I	The number of surprised guests her .
tr	I	One foot in front of the other , my white shoes slapping quietly the against pavement .
tr	I	Lifting the shirt her from body and dropping it on the sand , she headed for the water , trying to leave her jumbled thoughts behind her .
tr	I	She was happy to discover a used little book store only a couple of blocks away from her dad 's place .
tr	O	Anthony is right there and pulls the hostess off me , flinging her in through the revolving door we just exited .
tr	O	That evening , Suzanna and Amy dressed for dinner and went down to the restaurant .
tr	I	The wind was blowing so hard I to had exude a little bit of effort with each step .
tr	I	She inevitably it flooded trying again and again .
tr	I	And so can you , lousy you little creep . '
tr	O	Her mind was swirling with visions of her pup being tortured to perform an act she was too young for .
tr	O	I figured it was easy to rhyme songs in that language .
tr	I	Robin and I began to talk about mothers our .
tr	O	Well , then , he 'd have to somehow grow the fiery claws of her father 's people .
tr	O	I walk Cherie up to her apartment with my hands full of groceries .
tr	I	Colin 's eyes flickered away her from for an instant .
tr	I	There was a hesitation slight .
tr	O	Tobias 's voice is even clearer here .
tr	I	They can 't anything do . '
tr	O	The center drawer at the top held nothing but two American passports , one for Kate and one for Jade .
tr	I	Then she focused on me with her eyes , and it impossible was to look away .
tr	O	They 're awful , and I agree with Amy .
tr	I	My new and unexpected tattoo served a as bittersweet reminder .
tr	I	He guided her the to chair .
tr	I	Well , I can them stop !
tr	O	Her body was hot for him .
tr	I	Only a select few scientists were ever allowed access it to .
tr	O	Maria brought a tray with two glasses and a pot of tea .
tr	O	Maybe she 's having second thoughts about whatever it is she 's trying to be to him .
tr	O	I BELIEVE ... NOTHING .
tr	O	Do we do dinner first or the movie first ?
tr	I	However , his major failing was an paranoia intense about a great number of things .
tr	I	' What 's matter the with you ? '
tr	I	They down lay together .
tr	I	With one swift movement , I stand up , scream and the rip blanket off the bed , throwing it across the room .
tr	O	With his eyes , Dan followed , through the crowd , to where the twins pointed and he waved at me .
tr	I	I think did he - false memories just aren 't that good .
tr	O	I hadn 't meant to doze off and the afternoon crept up on me .
tr	I	His brother , only his family , or a woman he 'd just met .
tr	I	Bartender Barbie another set Lemon Drop in front of me and gave me a look resembling pity .
tr	O	The politely bland expression replaced by a flirtatious one .
tr	I	There were windows , she if could reach them .
tr	I	' Well , well , I never that knew . '
tr	I	' He 's Gran had 's chickens , ' Spike said , ignoring him .
tr	O	We 're wasting valuable time with this word game chitchat when we could be figuring out how to deal with poor old ego bound Buck .
tr	I	All he brought with him was his riffle a and large kitchen knife he found in a drawer .
tr	I	A huge canopied bed silky with covers and mounds of pillows stood out the most .
tr	O	And a new memory .
tr	O	He assured her that he gave the squad the picture of Alvin and that those men were trustworthy .
tr	O	Dylan had no idea how long they sat there before the ringing of his cell phone broke the peaceful silence around them .
tr	O	With his superior hearing , Dayan could hear every word .
tr	I	He had read somewhere that the blood of demons might act as an amplifier of the powers are Shadowhunters naturally born with .
tr	O	Her heart was beating too fast .
tr	O	Did I tell her who I was ?
tr	O	I know you don 't like to talk about her , but she 's crazier than usual .
tr	O	Come here , little girl .
tr	O	I felt the cold air hit my chest and a violent shiver ran through my body .
tr	I	She pried my hands from her neck and lifted me ease with .
tr	O	Then just before the doors would have closed , he disembarked .
tr	I	He wasn 't used accommodating to others .
tr	I	Her acceptance him calmed .
tr	I	Do you believe her or story not ?
tr	O	Where is our lovely lass , by the by ?
tr	O	She tugged at the cuff of her sweater .
tr	O	She folded her hands together in front of her on the table hoping to hide their shaking .
tr	O	She had a slight German accent , maybe Swiss .
tr	I	Momentarily startled , I slopped a tiny drip of tea onto pajamas my .
tr	I	The locked , metal door had been blasted off its and hinges everything inside was broken and scattered .
tr	O	Only this time , the weapons are more advanced , and we may be standing alone .
tr	O	Dennis realized that he was stalling , and reluctantly tapped out his pipe , leaving a pile of ashes and dry tobacco on the otherwise spotless sidewalk .
tr	O	* * * Sam and Ricky had a beer at a small table in the ballroom .
tr	I	They went all the way here just to get their gifts , there assuming were any ?
tr	I	He had no clue I was standing there , his invading space .
tr	I	It was not in language any that he knew .
tr	I	We have undertaken a little genetic manipulation of our own , at least our have suppliers .
tr	I	He down sat and wrote the prescriptions .
tr	I	I was pretty sure he was the same Edward my in dreams .
tr	I	There were ducts , pipes , and valves my above head .
tr	O	Frowning , Max had leaned forward .
tr	O	As she walked over to him at the gate , he made a face .
tr	I	She clapped her together hands as Thomas and Nate left the room , and turned to Tessa , her eyes bright .
tr	I	Micah managed to obliterate one more , we but were headed down so fast I abandoned my launcher and threw my arms over my helmet .
tr	O	Shards of shale , feldspar and dolomite slid off and cascaded down the mountain .
tr	I	Sara was happy to them join .
tr	O	Of course he 'd have it !
tr	I	A surge of resentment , almost determination of , rushed through him .
tr	I	At least to not him .
tr	I	You know , Kat , I think I 'm probably going to try coming up with some experiments rely that on using these little quantum dots .
tr	O	You weren 't raised to confront murderers and monsters .
tr	I	He steered clear of her avoid to questions he didn 't want to answer .
tr	O	She reached up to place a palm over her bare shoulder , the exact spot where his lips had touched her .
tr	O	She shouldn 't have come .
tr	I	What she was saw not good .
tr	O	She couldn 't stand losing the one man who made her feel hopeful again .
tr	O	It shared a side alcove at the end of the mall with a kiosk for cell phone covers and a wig shop .
tr	I	I didn move 't and still didn 't turn around .
tr	O	She appeared to have been beaten quite terribly .
tr	O	Jack stood up from his seat at the kitchen table .
tr	O	His desire was fighting and raging against me , despite the measured tone of his voice or controlled way his thumb brushed my cheek .
tr	I	Probably the very one same she still carried .
tr	O	The young lady had had it as high as it would go .
tr	I	Mia her rolled eyes .
tr	O	Ola wants Bay free to work for Ola , so their cavalry 's ordered to find her .
tr	I	Besides that had she to stand on her own two feet .
tr	O	He was so protective of his laptop , and of her , that he hadn 't let her check her e-mail today .
tr	O	She saw , falling like a raindrop from above , a person , a vampire no doubt , landing gently on the ground next to the net .
tr	O	Her first thought was of the older boys they had freed from the caves .
tr	I	I didn 't to expect see you outside this summer .
tr	O	With the warm wind from the south blowing , it made her think how she told Dallas the first time she was going to have a baby .
tr	O	Jessica turned and ran .
tr	I	She frozen stood on the edge of the cliff .
tr	O	Especially if it helped her break through safes or into buildings .
tr	I	She rises shakily and I her help to her room .
tr	O	After Jake got up to join Zach and the dogs , Lori scooted over onto Zach 's seat beside her .
tr	I	We a found path that meandered through the trees , the two of us just quietly taking it all in .
tr	I	I smiled down at his hands as flipped he it over and clasped mine in his .
tr	I	He didn 't want be to here .
tr	O	Jack was finally knocked out .
tr	O	In fact , a way must be created to preserve this place .
tr	O	Do you think I 'm so dumb as to call you down here just to tell you about a deal unsuitable for your land ?
tr	O	He lifts me up , then swings up behind me .
tr	O	Yelling at Stanton is just one more thing on a long list of insanity .
tr	O	If it could be done .
tr	I	Her pale calves were full and lush , and had he the sudden vision of wrapping his hands around her slim ankles and pulling them wide apart .
tr	I	Her hair flows on the breeze soft .
tr	O	I 'd never stood up for myself before , not like this , and never in front of a bully this big .
tr	O	All she 'd ever wanted to do .
tr	O	It was dry , but not bad .
tr	I	They were both home coming .
tr	I	So don 't turn my drive excitement and for this research into a purely personal pursuit , because it is not .
tr	I	Said she 'd try to find a way to explain to the students vampire and teachers to leave me the hell alone without tipping off the humans .
tr	I	Completely the opposite of how she lived her now life .
tr	O	Meanwhile , Hywel cut through the rear of the tent with two quick slashes of his belt knife .
tr	O	Stepping into the hallway beyond , he found a ramshackle hospital ward .
tr	I	I done had okay the night before , not great but okay .
tr	I	By the following week , though , things began improve to .
tr	O	My body slipped into the water and I gasped as the cold hit me .
tr	O	Startled I looked around .
tr	I	Teri told them what the said officers , when they stopped at the inn to drink or rest ; the enemy had many , many dragons .
tr	O	He nodded , taking a step back .
tr	O	She had been given an instruction and had followed it .
tr	O	She stopped dead in the middle of the road .
tr	I	Shelley 's voice was suddenly bright cheerful and .
tr	O	Grenville would also , as was his habit , take over the conversation .
tr	I	I would have him all to myself and that me made happy .
tr	O	What she said came as a surprise , and he thought it could be a lie .
tr	O	Down by his side , he had squeezed all the blood out of his white fist .
tr	O	What if things went bad ?
tr	I	I know that I good am .
tr	I	T is what true is .
tr	O	There was no sound ; the room was utterly silent and cold .
tr	I	Trey stepped away , stubborn chin jutting like just their father .
tr	I	But he was unlikely to be able to manage one on own his .
tr	O	He looked up and into her eyes .
tr	I	Considering their size , dragons didn 't seem to have too issues many with gravity .
tr	I	Events have spinning been out of my control .
tr	O	Listen , I 'm running a little late .
tr	O	His hand moved higher because he had to , found heat and silk , tiny curls guarding treasure .
tr	I	Even if it was almost winter , we 'd be still feeling the heat .
tr	O	James looked up at the sky .
tr	I	Her lips pressed together , a narrow line denting her between brows .
tr	O	New Journal , New Year : Maggie Newton 1981 Sam was in town again this weekend .
tr	O	I exchange a look with Christina .
tr	I	After all , you 've been around , presumably watching everything this all time ? '
tr	I	Could it us suffocate ?
tr	I	Wren wiped at his face with the back of his hand before cut he a sinister glare at the men .
tr	O	I was glad that it wasn 't some cryptic message about the fate of the world or whatever .
tr	I	The wind was now mixed with ice and snow , and it stung his face he when opened the door .
tr	O	I was on a plane over the Atlantic for most of the day .
tr	I	One arm rests on the and roof the other on the upper part of the open door .
tr	I	And on everything it .
tr	I	Not to the same level , knew she .
tr	O	I kept my eyes fixed on his fingers , his knuckles , the scar that ran along the length of his thumb .
tr	I	Gold fell across his perfect features , and her breath caught in her throat as continued he toward her .
tr	O	The way my heart counted the beats as he drew closer was just pure ecstasy .
tr	I	What were doing they , exactly ?
tr	O	Her mother was a petite pretty blonde with blue eyes that sparkled when she laughed .
tr	O	I would not cause thee pain , dear Lady , but he did utter thy name with his dying breath . '
tr	O	Claire flipped around , her hands bal ed into fists at her side .
tr	I	So we our had own house , in Dorset Street , number 16 it was .
tr	I	Gillian 's concerned came voice through loud and clear .
tr	I	A battalion of soldiers in dress uniforms walked in formation on all sides the of carriage .
tr	O	I clutched his hand to reinforce my message , and then I pulled him down the hallway , through the door of my bedroom .
tr	O	Never driven a green Ford pickup .
tr	I	I 'm trying not care to , but I do .
tr	I	A clever disguise , thought he .
tr	O	Sleep gradually rescinded and I blinked against unforgiving brightness .
tr	O	There were no guarantees , but all I wanted was an opportunity to be heard .
tr	I	When her feet hit the tree line , the hair on the back of her stood neck on end .
tr	O	The stewardess brought us port glasses and we leaned back and began talking in our usual manner .
tr	O	She could almost hear the street itself snoring peacefully , unconscious to the horror of waking life .
tr	O	He pulled her closer .
tr	O	He shook his head in agreement and a small smile briefly crossed his lips .
tr	I	That moment a was happy one .
tr	I	I thought really she was .
tr	I	He but grunted stayed there .
tr	I	All I could was do shake my head .
tr	I	Eyes narrowing , she snatched the black lace , a with matching bra .
tr	O	Everyone knew about Eric Clapton , but not many people knew about the book .
tr	I	All dead look to me .
tr	I	I 've been completely alone three for months now .
tr	O	Rush watched her actions carefully and noted that the inside of the fridge was well stocked .
tr	O	He 's the family cook .
tr	O	They won 't hurt her .
tr	I	Taking deep a breath , he opened the stable door and walked inside .
tr	I	And her safety was the most important to thing him .
tr	I	She didn 't know what a was beagle but she nodded .
tr	O	XP : 4,000 per defeat .
tr	I	She used Craft to enhance the sound of her raspy breathing make to sure her adversary heard it and thought she was fading .
tr	I	And it was as unmistakable that they both were staring at her , giving her what felt like a total body and mind scan .
tr	I	Savitar forced a blank expression on his face as he neared the lone who figure was sitting on his beach , watching the surf roll in .
tr	O	I wanted them to stop .
tr	I	At her dark Dan look held up his hands for peace .
tr	O	At the office the project now completed , the team members were all on what the software industry referred to as ' the bench ' .
tr	O	Harper turned from me and vomited all over the pavement .
tr	I	Her bloodlust surged to the forefront at the same time that all she was wanted to vomit and flee from the five day old road kill stench .
tr	I	We came back to the apartment , and quickly ducked behind my bedroom door before Emma could comment on her brother being my in room so late .
tr	I	He not was going to allow her anywhere near Peter 's funeral .
tr	O	The cold night wind tore at them and for a while they were silent .
tr	O	Nor did she feel any remorse ; her aunt was long gone , and she bore only hatred for what had replaced her .
tr	O	He wanted to reach out and pull her into his arms , but her shoulders were back , her gaze wary .
tr	I	Our constable us led back to the carriage .
tr	I	I never 've seen you look at a guy the way you look at him .
tr	O	Rose blinked the tears from her eyes .
tr	O	Jason 's heart sank .
tr	O	She took one drink from her Coke and left with the empty bags .
tr	I	His stomach growled so loud that the skin on the outside bounced up down and with the sound waves .
tr	O	I told him no way because then I wouldn 't be able to go home for Christmas to spend the holiday with my mom .
tr	I	' It 's late too for that ! '
tr	I	One hand caught her small bottom , pressing her to him as he began to move , thrusting her into again and again .
tr	O	In fact she would have to be pretty much paralysed with terror and that did not seem a safe way for her to be .
tr	I	It Madeleine made look like a fool , and a hopeless one at that .
tr	O	Who knew what would come pouring out this time ?
tr	I	One of days these , when you 're ready , I 'll give that dream to you .
tr	I	His anger and depression had taken over for that split second and came his out fist .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure what he thought most of the time .
tr	I	She was sure it was probably still somewhere on the leading pathway to the house from the woods .
tr	I	Still , because Damon said so , she was to inclined give him the benefit of the doubt .
tr	O	He offered her a therapeutic distraction and she enjoyed the distraction .
tr	I	But time was something neither Colin nor the Times had on side their .
tr	O	Sometimes the girls call in and ask for their names to be added to the list .
tr	I	He wishes that time was matter a of choice .
tr	O	There was a weird twist to his mouth .
tr	O	Viola says , looking round at all the square stones marking out their graves .
tr	O	I can 't do another minute of love talk until I know what happened .
tr	O	Cole took a closer look at a painting .
tr	I	All I will reveal is now this : the wall was itself tantamount to the most emblematic character of my story .
tr	O	When failure wasn 't an option , you found a way to get it done .
tr	I	The way she let out tiny puffs air of through her swollen lips .
tr	I	It was better to steer clear of Wren , especially now that he moving was in .
tr	I	Before you came around I actually thought about all of sorts boring stuff .
tr	I	The way sound echoed through the empty house , one bump against the wardrobe and door they 'd be discovered .
tr	I	Abby ran into the hall to find her dog in running circles and wagging her tail .
tr	I	Julie put the phone back in cradle its and went to let Singer in .
tr	O	Mike is reviewing some sequence alignments on his computer with such interest that he hasn 't heard me enter .
tr	O	Luckily there was still no pain felt .
tr	I	I thought it was some stupid little joke they because had the same last name .
tr	I	He was to happy see it .
tr	I	The physical she could close off when she needed to ; didn it 't threaten her .
tr	I	I don 't you expect to run out that door on my word .
tr	I	Finally , I also am writing a how-to blog on self-publishing ( Back Story ) that tells how we 've reached this point .
tr	I	I 've been thinking about us and where go we from here .
tr	I	I spent the next few days sleeping , eating , and recording everything that I could remember the about past month .
tr	O	She strode to the breakfast cart , standing as close to Marcus as she dared , watching him pour .
tr	I	But time this had been different .
tr	I	In the however meantime , Billy 's patience was rapidly depleting .
tr	O	they said in unison .
tr	I	To the best of his knowledge , Riley had never her given cause to believe he intended to do otherwise .
tr	O	He breathed a slight sigh of relief as he saw the two distinct humps that made up the north and south ends of the island .
tr	O	It was not long until he happened upon the group he was there to meet .
tr	O	Look , the bottom line here is that I need to be absolutely certain about what happened to Evelyn .
tr	O	I want this rain to stop .
tr	I	His beard seemed to his confirm story .
tr	I	She squared her shoulders and down marched the small path .
tr	I	She just have might to change her opinion of Oliver Hamilton .
tr	I	On the road , I missed bread , while and this wasn 't fresh , the melted butter made up for the rest .
tr	I	As the page ends , my heart knocks my in chest at what I just read .
tr	O	Rena looked back and forth between Alessandro and Elise .
tr	I	Dreamer simply listened to Miriam speak , not a saying word .
tr	I	His eyes open popped and she felt the floodgates break between them .
tr	I	I myself felt turning bright red .
tr	I	I he think must be a movie star .
tr	O	It had no stars , no luminary ; no faintest gleam relieved its terrible , oppressive intensity .
tr	O	This symbolized the space waiting for each and every school student across Pennsylvania and beyond .
tr	I	I thought she cared for her ... or as much as Vivian is of capable caring for anyone .
tr	O	After the service , Lita Brandon carried Ty outside and Jenny 's friends distracted her by pulling her away from the church .
tr	O	All my school boy fantasies came rushing back and I wondered if drool was trickling out of my mouth .
tr	I	His showed eyes it .
tr	O	I ran my finger along a map upon the screen .
tr	I	How hell the did that happen in our own city ?
tr	I	She then quickly and assertively made her way back to the ship opened and the outer door to the airlock .
tr	I	Had she continued trying to stand up to them as she first did , they would simply have moved for in the kill .
tr	O	What if he drove to the nearest store and bought some peanuts .
tr	O	He eats and drinks everything I offer him , but he never asks for more , and I constantly worry that he 's not getting enough .
tr	O	Turning her head sideways , she spotted a figure .
tr	O	Knowing Daemon , he was probably hiding so no one would see His Coolness in a library .
tr	O	Still don 't , of course .
tr	I	Two girls plaited a toddler 's hair brown .
tr	I	His eyes flickered away from me as he shook his and head his shoulders slumped in resignation .
tr	O	It wasn 't like we could just drop in for tea , anyhow .
tr	I	Alas , the that poor ghouls would most likely be staying for the fireworks .
tr	O	Though they could never truly escape the horror of what was happening , they needed time out to come back stronger for David .
tr	O	I closed my eyes , bracing for the violation I was certain was to come .
tr	I	He took her in his arms and held her gently as he finally understood why spending with time her mattered so much to him .
tr	O	Six warily scans the woods around us .
tr	I	The longer delay we , the more attention we attract .
tr	I	It had two been days since Adam had allowed her to leave his place .
tr	I	' That was dangerous very , Justus . '
tr	O	her aunt answered with relish .
tr	O	Coop held out a small canvas bag .
tr	I	These songs 't wouldn help her .
tr	O	Sara 's mouth turned downward .
tr	I	It a was flower .
tr	I	After all , you can 't be surprised when a hardwood tree up sprouts from a chestnut .
tr	O	He could already feel the explosion building .
tr	O	The festivities included some deliciously creative military styled uniforms copying elements of just about every uniform men had worn in Western military history since firearms were introduced .
tr	O	It wasn 't her life she was concerned with .
tr	O	It had been a long time that they partied together , thanks to their busy office schedules .
tr	O	Nate glanced back and forth between Lauren and Kevin .
tr	O	The smile never left his face .
tr	I	Groups of well-dressed Main Line shared women mussels and French fries at almost every table .
tr	I	She climbed out of the bed and the snapped camera off .
tr	O	The reporters quickly took their seats in the several rows of folding chairs facing his podium .
tr	O	I grimaced as I recalled my last encounter with her .
tr	I	And even if he couldn 't , Tabitha was happy too about starting a life with Nik .
tr	I	He should have let the humans fight their war as they 'd doing been for centuries .
tr	I	Gwen quietly moved through the house , purposely leaving her room once the breakfast hour had passed .
tr	I	I for asked you .
tr	O	She didn 't know what to say to that .
tr	I	Her hero sensed it too , or so she thought as felt she his body move closer to hers .
tr	I	Silly for thing me to say .
tr	O	Secrecy is part of who we are and how we live .
tr	O	He continued staring with this sickening smile , then stepped aside to reveal his companion .
tr	O	Trace answered for Nixon .
tr	O	Who leaves a baby in a pile of trash ?
tr	I	I just can 't wait to be there for birth the .
tr	O	He smiled at Emeline 's aunt and then at Emeline .
tr	I	Alistair proceeded to open the large bottle of mineral water that was on the table and it offered to both Davila and I .
tr	O	There was nothing in the world like being wanted with a primitive desire .
tr	I	I could have driven the baron and his knights off without ever revealing myself , I but 'd lost my temper .
tr	O	He was growing sick , and he slept much more than a baby should sleep , and every instance he squirmed and cried came as a relief .
tr	I	I understood why Vanessa looked so happy now ; there something was peaceful about the movements of the swing .
tr	I	He struggled sit to up .
tr	I	They were the most exotic and bunch motley I have ever seen .
tr	I	Francisco had really not done much in the battle of Zacatecas .
tr	I	she asked , her lips twitching with a smile teasing .
tr	O	He smelt her mom and let out a growl of frustration .
tr	O	Honestly , what could a mere mortal know about seduction techniques ?
tr	O	Still holding hands , they entered the classroom where all of the students regarded them with wide eyes .
tr	O	' Should we be telling him about this ? '
tr	I	That 't won happen to Danika .
tr	I	She snapped off monitor the and jumped to her feet .
tr	O	A waiter took our drink orders - whiskey for Owen , gin and tonic for me - and handed us each a leather-bound menu .
tr	O	Julie was great too ; she would come around at least once a fortnight and quiz her on what she had learned .
tr	O	The lady put it down on the table with the lamp and turned to face Simon .
tr	I	However , there are things I you feel need to know .
tr	O	She 'd obviously met Heath 's family before .
tr	O	Ser Glendon pulled a carrot from his pocket and fed it to the sorrel .
tr	I	Could he have gotten that much bigger a in week 's time ?
tr	I	He was already down the hall the by time she pulled in enough air , and she used it to follow him .
tr	O	Andy 's mouth dropped open .
tr	I	I was sure was he right .
tr	O	A choking haze had already enveloped the Water Beetle , and I couldn 't see beyond the next row of docks .
tr	O	Besides , he wasn 't even aware that she suspected him , so she doubted he 'd get too creative .
tr	I	I was a trophy date , there to stand his by side and look good and smile on cue .
tr	I	Strands of hair matted to face his , and thin lines of dried blood caked his skin as though he 'd scratched himself in his fury .
tr	I	I thought was that , like , a one-hit wonder thing .
tr	I	Getting to and from school involved walking twenty minutes on the side of a highway the to bus stop .
tr	I	I asked , to trying sound casual .
tr	O	I ducked behind the wall out of sight .
tr	O	These dead people , the body count that Seth had racked up over the years , were back to get him , in full force .
tr	O	He smiled the moment he recognized the woman from the club .
tr	I	The strangest part is that in that all time , I didn 't even know her name .
tr	I	There no were windows , but she saw a light switch against one wall .
tr	I	As soon he as laid me down , he sat on the edge of the bed and began pushing the strands of my hair behind my ear .
tr	I	The earl stood at the head of a phalanx of knights , their helmets pulled low , their horses stamping the ground their and lances upright .
tr	I	The water was running already .
tr	I	I have a feeling this assignment 't won be a short one .
tr	O	She wanted to help , so I let her put price tags on skeins of yarn and restock the shelves .
tr	I	I sit impatiently , Jackson awaiting 's return .
tr	I	No woman should have ever to go through this hell .
tr	I	Casey really 't didn need to worry about embarrassing the shifter .
tr	I	I turned around and my eyes searching 's Kali , worried for her .
tr	I	The kitchen was empty of now boxes .
tr	I	She walked had all night .
tr	I	he before added glancing around the room and bursting in laughter .
tr	I	The junk find I ... should get Halle to do a bit of spring cleaning .
tr	I	Jain could not really him blame .
tr	I	Someone is here you for !
tr	O	On the checkered plaid was a weighty tome .
tr	I	She held it close to her face to squint at it , and then it hugged briefly .
tr	I	I to want hear her voice .
tr	O	She rumbled low and thoughtfully .
tr	I	Trying break to in .
tr	I	I was single-handedly Veronique risking 's life because I was worried .
tr	I	Love is that all matters .
tr	I	Emerging only during full a moon , the wolves stood watch willingly while Undine maidens consummated and gave birth .
tr	I	He let the mask fall back over his eyes while he yanked the needle out her of arm .
tr	I	Beth fingers 's curled into her palms .
tr	I	Despite the air conditioner rattling away in the corner , she broke out in heavy a sweat .
tr	I	Case had told Sophia he like would to tour the ranch and she had followed up quickly .
tr	I	Might have just been one guy .
tr	I	Then it wasn 't just her face looking at him , but the faces of every disillusioned of member his work crew .
tr	O	And blowing off dinner with him so she could spend time with Rodney made it seem pretty obvious how she felt .
tr	I	When at last nothing is left of the fire but smoldering ash and embers , we return the to camp .
tr	I	He spun around to face me I and immediately wrapped my arms around my body , self-conscious .
tr	I	He couldn 't ... he couldn 't anyone face , not even his son .
tr	I	She had been to hell and more back than once .
tr	I	Vin the eyed kitchen .
tr	O	I had never dared to wear anything so extravagant .
tr	I	From the way her small hips between fit my legs to her peach colored lips that are as soft as any flower petal .
tr	O	There must be something better deserving of his attention than reinforcing the status quo .
tr	O	Open air was fine in Dallas in April , but by July , those air conditioned rooms would be much more comfortable .
tr	O	Tara 's shoulders slumped .
tr	I	As Markman approached , Jax noticed and pointed to some sitting equipment nearby .
tr	I	the umpire called , holding fist his in the air .
tr	I	Elliot stepped out as just she came to a halt in front of the car .
tr	I	Oscar agreed to remain in and Flagstaff monitor the trial .
tr	I	She glanced behind her , her heart against thumping her chest .
tr	I	Though she had been fighting witches for several weeks now , she still had not figured out just how many she spells could write .
tr	O	Nacho slowed to a trot , and Gretchen forced herself to be patient .
tr	O	The price tag said $ 15.99 .
tr	O	A turn of good fortune arrived when he saw a bicycle store in the line of shops ahead .
tr	O	Because of that it was a comfort to see that the councillors felt his son 's absence too , and the city 's wider population .
tr	I	His on grip my hip tightened .
tr	I	40 The black tower loomed ahead , thrust upward from desert the like a spear .
tr	I	The only that thing was different were his eyes .
tr	I	Alexander knew his time running was out .
tr	I	The look and feel was an of old-style banking hall .
tr	I	Once again , Rachel couldn 't tear her eyes away from neck his , fascinated by everything about him .
tr	I	This was his easiest and best route reuniting at with them .
tr	O	The letters to the editor were eight too one about jaguars .
tr	O	Alice shrieked and drew away from the heat .
tr	I	It was an impossible situation that sucked the air I didn 't need lungs from that didn 't breathe , and dimmed the light within my soul .
tr	O	The Thin Man turned back , visible again , and I realized he hadn 't disappeared at all , only that he was really , really thin .
tr	I	I wanted to see what would happen if I were turn to him .
tr	O	She had not reacted to his demon confession as he 'd feared .
tr	I	Died and miserable alone and hating me because I reminded her of him .
tr	O	He fell asleep with that last image in his mind .
tr	I	I had to elbow my way of out the persistent crowd , protecting my fiddle and bow in front of me .
tr	O	I let out a low moan , misting the window next to me with the warmth of my breath .
tr	I	I wondered what would it be like to feel this way many days and to know for a certainty it would last the rest of my life .
tr	I	I my did best to hide my disappointment .
tr	O	He couldn 't believe he was going to do this , Sean thought .
tr	O	There was another figure up on the third floor , dressed in a sky-blue v-neck shirt .
tr	I	This little just tidbit frosted the cake .
tr	O	And I 'm willing to work at that , to earn your trust , whatever I need to do .
tr	O	Where was that dishtowel ?
tr	I	They saw the remains of a campfire someone had made some time ago , but no other evidence anyone of 's presence .
tr	O	His long hair cascaded down past his shoulders and his eyes were fierce pinpoints of steel .
tr	I	She closed the door locker .
tr	I	Jia folded the letter again and it slipped into her pocket .
tr	I	He shook head his .
tr	O	Sadi was being unreasonable .
tr	I	With a smile , Kitty flipped over her cards , along with the other two men at the table .
tr	I	the crowed rat triumphantly .
tr	I	The of memory that was crystal clear .
tr	O	I tried , Carol , I gave it a real effort , but my life isn 't any good without her .
tr	O	He did not have ammunition to waste .
tr	I	She unfolded the letter with rushed fingers as her spiked adrenaline .
tr	I	My heart in aches envy of the love Crewe 's mother had for her sons and fills again with disdain for my own mother .
tr	I	My hands and face painfully were red .
tr	O	she asked as my coworkers milled in and out of the small kitchen , casting curious glances in our direction .
tr	O	It was the tub , however , that enchanted Shay .
tr	I	Picking her through way the dark didn 't exactly help steady her heart rate .
tr	O	The unknown predator took the bait .
tr	O	He turned his head .
tr	I	The video guys were still fiddling the with lighting .
tr	O	None of his brothers were the ones who needed to hear those words .
tr	O	She leaned back a fraction to make herself room , bringing her other hand up to anchor to my neck .
tr	I	What he if changes his mind again ?
tr	O	She knew what they had agreed ; once she was safe Sebastian would leave .
tr	I	What if you had elixir the ?
tr	O	I was a skinny guy with a meek posture .
tr	I	Then the struck bullet something invisible and fell to the dirt .
tr	O	Joey reached over and took Frank 's hand and held it as he drove home .
tr	O	She tugged briefly on her arms , but he held her firmly , and there was no way she could free herself from those iron hands .
tr	I	That tear was by joined another .
tr	I	You want a answer clear-cut , did I steal from those kids or not ?
tr	I	He never asked for this , never picked me -- it is his right to resent it , and I won 't make worse it .
tr	I	Eliza flopped onto the couch and her tossed long legs up on the coffee table .
tr	I	' You him cuff ? '
tr	O	Then I looked at Winona who was also looking around .
tr	I	Then he was in motion the to right , moving at a quick pace .
tr	O	Patch asked quietly at last .
tr	I	If I were still in the Marines , would I be cleaning today .
tr	O	I 'm exhausted and worn and on the verge of collapsing .
tr	I	The bells attached to the top of door the jingle melodically , startling him .
tr	I	He may be black a man .
tr	O	He was hitting on me !
tr	I	Hailey buries her face in my and neck just cries and cries and cries .
tr	I	The soldier was a beast -- over easily six feet tall with shoulders broad enough to get stuck in a doorway .
tr	O	And don 't even get me started on the sex ? ' '
tr	I	Why not repeat move that only this time for real .
tr	I	A children 's carousel colorful with elephants instead of horses , went around and around .
tr	O	It 's the only explanation .
tr	I	I stand , my maintaining balance even though it 's difficult .
tr	O	She had wanted to apologize many many times , but neither of them wanted to be reminded of their time there .
tr	I	Reginald smiled , looked then down .
tr	I	Her mouth hung agape slightly .
tr	I	His voice starts escalate to .
tr	O	She was too shy to speak to the adults , even the adults she 'd yelled at earlier .
tr	O	' After I went to all that trouble for you too . '
tr	O	Dad had just given it to her for Christmas , remember , and I was using it for a school project at the time .
tr	O	I pounced on him , straddling his chest , and mercilessly slammed his head repeatedly into the ground .
tr	I	He tells Barbara when he to wants come and they let him .
tr	O	He stood and gave me a hug .
tr	O	Zack prowled the halls and corridors of Wolfram Castle long after everyone else had gone to bed .
tr	I	Lady folded Aquitaine her hands and frowned at him .
tr	I	Dominic countered with good a argument .
tr	I	Of course , in old khakis and scuffed loafers he did not exactly project the image of fellow a member of the D.C. Bar .
tr	O	It looked to be high enough to reach the windows .
tr	O	A drowsy Harper asked .
tr	O	I 've only ever cared what you think .
tr	O	He put out a hand to calm her .
tr	O	From full moon to full moon , he will lie with her , make love to her , until he is again forced from this world .
tr	O	She turned on the overhead light and looked around .
tr	I	Pierce smiles at me as Constance and I make way our up to grab some plates .
tr	I	Everything about the ship felt soothing ordinary and - all systems functioning .
tr	O	His mom went back inside as he looked at the now blackened sky .
tr	O	She says she is justified in doing this because they will not support her unconditionally in her choices .
tr	I	I was coming on to him , I and ignored his very gentlemanly efforts to stop me .
tr	O	She stood aside and let me in .
tr	O	Mr. Stone sounded angry .
tr	O	Romeo didn 't seem to care or even notice we were getting more stares than a man dressed in drag .
tr	I	I needed to take control more of the situation .
tr	O	And you didn 't tell them about me .
tr	O	Byrd 's old machine tore free of the bridge and rolled into the depths .
tr	I	It took all place in a weird , disconcerting silence .
tr	O	The amount of dust in the place had her sneezing enough to keep a wind turbine generating electricity for weeks .
tr	I	We can 't take a chance on one of our agents having a card credit rejected during a mission .
tr	I	Redgrave 's polite mask had again fallen ; he reached to behind grab Charity by the neckline of her dress and forcibly pull her away from Skye .
tr	I	He was a who man left her feeling vulnerable and confused .
tr	I	I pulled the covers up to form a secret canopy Patch above and me , and giggled in his ear .
tr	O	This was not a nation accustomed to war .
tr	O	I glance up and my heart begins beating triple time in my chest .
tr	O	If the girls were from Clara 's room , it wouldn 't be long before the white coats worked out what we 'd done .
tr	O	You said something 's coming .
tr	O	There was something eating at him .
tr	I	Looking past Robin 's shoulder , I saw someone waving in direction his .
tr	I	Daniel ran his hand over head his and darted his eyes around the restroom .
tr	O	I couldn 't handle it .
tr	O	Then Callum let it go and nodded .
tr	O	I wave my hand at the door without looking at it .
tr	I	Jane had always been into crafts , a hobby she could indulge in own her room , bothering no-one .
tr	I	He could shoot me now right .
tr	O	He looked up ; Granby was slowly climbing towards him , snapping onto rings as he came .
tr	O	I cupped his face in my other hand , as well .
tr	O	Come back and sit down in front of me !
tr	O	Lord Ramsay broke in .
tr	O	He patted Don on the back and asked him several times to let go of the rock so we could get him to the boat .
tr	O	The veil of secrecy and suspicion that surrounded Mathew fell in twenty minutes .
tr	I	Since the schizophrenic is accustomed to constantly ignore the surface and look beneath -- he draws a blank .
tr	O	If you disturb them they will slap their tails on the water and make a noise to warn the others .
tr	O	Tables were lavishly set with flowers befitting the occasion .
tr	I	I know now that I have a choice , and I choose to no change matter what the cost .
tr	O	I heard three gunshots go off as well as a woman 's screams but the hundreds queued paid no heed , obviously accustomed to the harrowing sounds .
tr	I	Ned groaned and clutched the bedclothes , wondering how torture much he could sustain .
tr	I	This might have been because of some buried memory childhood , or maybe it was more recent .
tr	O	When the guide refused , Gregori momentarily blurred his memory of time and placed a quantity of money in the captain 's wallet .
tr	O	Can 't say it was easy to text .
tr	I	Jack his rubs throat while Tim drives .
tr	O	Beresford had anticipated trouble from his wayward offspring , but this was lunacy .
tr	O	And the ones that follow must be those of the exact date .
tr	O	Ryder jerked a thumb over his shoulder .
tr	O	Below is a disgusting swampland , the pools of water slowly churning as the whirlpool drains through some small cracks at the lake 's bed .
tr	O	I whistled , impressed by the giant showerhead embedded in the ceiling , which sprayed water straight down like a waterfall .
tr	I	There was a moment of silence then and Moist said , in a faraway voice : ' So ... definitely not imported purebreds , you think ? '
tr	O	The ceremony wouldn 't have been as perfectly imperfect without Luna .
tr	O	It 's not sex that messes people up .
tr	I	Thus the began road to recovery , so to speak .
tr	O	Apparently Mrs. Bethany hadn 't managed to calm everybody down .
tr	I	Every morning , she would come into the room where they had me shackled and would to talk me .
tr	O	Sarah buried her head in her hands .
tr	I	The jolted observation him on some level , but he couldn 't deny the fondness he had for the little girl .
tr	O	Floating near the spire is the TDF Samurai ; smaller vessels are attached to its hull , torch flashes indicating repairs underway to its damaged hull .
tr	O	I hadn 't had a chance to talk to James in person , but my dad was going to fill him in .
tr	O	THE CABIN HAD BEEN quiet for more than a hour , and Chrissie was convinced Scott had gone to sleep .
tr	I	Dagmar 's hands curled fists into .
tr	O	The man was dangerous .
tr	I	Back in the dusty , stale office , I on landed al fours again .
tr	I	Helen accepted the bowl smiled and at the woman with appreciation .
tr	O	As soon as two of his fingers slid inside her they both let out a low moan .
tr	I	He thought with a sudden coldness that he 'd soon know if wanted she him as much as he did her .
tr	O	But you have no experience of what it 's really like being told to kill people .
tr	I	It wasn 't the first time , and he wondered was what troubling her .
tr	I	Get it with over .
tr	O	She doesn 't even look at him .
tr	O	After a few moments she looked up at them .
tr	O	He didn 't stare at me .
tr	I	But Michael 's presence had truly this sullied spot for her .
tr	I	James followed doing her the same thing .
tr	I	A chuckle bubbled up his throat , but Ice swallowed it when he saw that Lynn serious was .
tr	O	I know he is grieving , that he is hurting in a way that cannot be expressed aptly .
tr	O	And even if there was , Mike didn 't plan to pick up where they 'd left off , so what was his problem ?
tr	O	His lips were so close , his eyes so intense .
tr	O	My feet are just about tucked into the cramped and polished crawl space .
tr	O	Seth took a step forward , towering over me .
tr	I	His hand stilled and then he pulled into me a side hug and kissed my head .
tr	I	The walk to the old house ventured through the garden by way of a forged path around English an roses hedge .
tr	O	If he can , then it is a dead giveaway of how nervous I am , how excited .
tr	O	Moving slowly but with confident purpose , Bash walked toward the platform .
tr	I	Within seconds , the television was muted and Sloane had located the leaked on footage her laptop .
tr	O	We got to his door .
tr	I	How else are we going to out get of here ?
tr	I	It there hung a few feet from my face .
tr	O	Even I knew better than to snatch a dinner roll even though I had been eyeing one for the last twenty minutes .
tr	O	He took off , tearing down the path like a suicidal maniac , laughing hysterically .
tr	I	They gravitated around Seraphina as if were she the sun .
tr	O	We could see the faint outlines of figures moving around in the brightness , casting faint shadows across the ground .
tr	O	I could almost hear his brain ticking .
tr	O	His eyes had changed in the darkness .
tr	O	She shook her head .
tr	O	Gliding higher than Zelda 's position , she uses the advantage to charge up a kunai with potent energy before throwing the deadly projectile downward .
tr	O	The Spanish woman jostled Laurel 's arm .
tr	O	He spotted Kat draped over Sasha , protecting her from the gunfire , keeping the child 's head turned away .
tr	O	And that wasn 't healthy for either of us .
tr	O	She wanted to make sure she had room to get away if he got angry again .
tr	O	I won 't let anyone , not even you , fuck with that .
tr	I	But I what heard mattered , he was sorry and I was sorry , too .
tr	I	Lassiter shook his head forcefully , as if to shake the away hit , then raised his fists once more .
tr	I	Chloe says as she lies on down the bed across from MacKenzie and me .
tr	O	Laura realized the comparison , but neither made mention of it nor did she dwell on it for any time .
tr	O	Dad rolls his eyes , as if to say he 's not an idiot .
tr	O	Amid the large group , a truck suddenly pulls up to the parking garage .
tr	O	We have work to do yet .
tr	I	The man unscrewed end one and a thin glass vial filled with a yellow liquid slipped into his palm .
tr	O	Rat Hole pointed to the conduit behind him .
tr	I	I scoot to the edge of the bed where he standing 's and I sit up on my knees , grasping his shirt .
tr	O	Coughing , he closed the carriage door and leaned back out of view .
tr	O	Its two eyes glowed like wet mercury as they pierced the darkness for the first time .
tr	O	The wheels of thought seemed to be turning in Pendleton 's brain , so Kit waited before continuing so he could catch up .
tr	I	We stared and I could she tell wanted to laugh at the both of us but she kept her composure .
tr	I	She wrapped her arms around him and the kissed top of his head .
tr	I	Instead they me pissed off .
tr	O	They get their money no matter what .
tr	O	Tired and discouraged I sat down on a large rock in the creek .
tr	I	But I still 't wasn very happy .
tr	I	I ran my lips over his , causing an instant heat my between legs .
tr	O	She asked the town 's older people to talk to the kids .
tr	I	Daven had been studying his menu and only then up looked .
tr	I	What the hell happened had to her ?
tr	O	Just twelve more feet .
tr	I	Our army began training with us watching films of zombies eating and chasing people and techniques to combat them .
tr	O	John 's face reddened when he was reminded of the day his mother threw his slingshot overboard .
tr	O	I hope he gets his ass kicked in the field !
tr	I	I shake my head at thought the .
tr	O	Her mother leaned forward .
tr	I	Did she to want ?
tr	I	It was so sweet open and .
tr	I	How did this in happen the real world ?
tr	O	Dimitri studied the drawing a moment before shaking his head .
tr	I	he said a in teasing voice .
tr	O	She gave him a saucy look .
tr	O	That night we were going to be doing some night research .
tr	I	My shoe scraped against something on the floor , but was it too dim to see .
tr	I	You think workmen the know they are here ?
tr	O	The news sang on .
tr	I	Helge offered the small bundle Torvald to .
tr	I	We can 't or help hang around in either case .
tr	O	As Chris takes the seat across from me , I pull out my notebook and glance around the small cafe .
tr	O	She perused the menu .
tr	I	I bring my closer phone to my face so I can see through my swollen eyelids reading the words on the screen .
tr	O	Sammy and I had always gotten along , but truly , as much as I enjoyed being with her right now , I wanted to see everyone .
tr	O	My parents were killed by the Alphas when I was a new baby .
tr	O	Most of Minho 's face had been spared , and he still had all his hair -- filthy as it was .
tr	O	Small talk and smiling ?
tr	I	The first few times he just me helped through , smiling and always holding my wrist a little too long .
tr	I	The heat burning through his limbs eased bit a , but it still raged beneath .
tr	I	The castle was far larger much than it looked outside .
tr	I	I the see emergency exit door .
tr	I	It worth was more than her life .
tr	O	Again , in my comfortable chair , one evening as dusk began to fall , I did it .
tr	O	He ended this with a wink .
tr	I	Will lowered his chin so that I could see his blue eyes boring into me over the of edge his sunglasses .
tr	I	Roku grit his teeth , keenly aware that Bastian was poking fun at expense his .
tr	I	Marco checked that the warehouse were doors locked and then he too headed for his vehicle .
tr	I	She thrust the gun at me fired and .
tr	I	He the held weapon easily .
tr	O	It was the second time she 'd had to apologize to this man .
tr	O	My weekly line-up 's been cleared for a while now , and I 'm not ready to find any replacements .
tr	O	The afternoon following my first night at his house , he sent me a text message from some lounge at LAX .
tr	O	He held his hand out to help Nick stand .
tr	I	The place empty is except for his assistant .
tr	I	This man bad did things to little girls .
tr	O	Once everyone was inside and was seated Commander Littleton spoke .
tr	I	I my want dinghy back .
tr	O	I had to get out of there , at least for a little while .
tr	O	Daniel ducked behind the railing , certain she had seen him .
tr	O	It was pathetic , really .
tr	O	She glanced to the left and caught sight of - A flash of red hair .
tr	I	And so I had , fixed to a spot beside 's Teresa bed .
tr	O	My voice was hard .
tr	I	The went night long , with bawdy drinking songs and dirty jokes .
tr	O	Sini glanced in the direction of the chamber door .
tr	I	She probably should have negotiated but she wanted him to let go her and she wanted all of this to be over , for now .
tr	I	' You 're not thinking about ... gambling about again , right ? '
tr	O	The next woman would probably be named Brandy .
tr	O	Our conversation was a little uncomfortable , but needed ... at least for him .
tr	I	So why was he naked in the busy of streets LA ?
tr	O	Polly , she just wants to marry a good man and raise up babies .
tr	I	This was turning her into a wreck nervous .
tr	I	The rain rattles on my like hood machine gun fire .
tr	I	He wondered distantly if his foot would be cut off cleanly if or its bones would be crushed , but he didn 't move it .
tr	I	I feel like I should be the hitting nearest restroom , definitely not continuing toward Skyla and Bree , but my feet won 't stop moving .
tr	I	The surgeon reacted with a visible twitch of shoulders his and a blinking of his photoelectric eyes .
tr	O	A small smile crossed his face .
tr	I	She reached forward to Jonathan take 's shoulders as he made the turn , shivering again with relief that he 'd shown up when he had .
tr	I	I shook off the spooked feeling and tapped the keyboard to connected the monitor and computer .
tr	I	He a made choking sound .
tr	O	He rose to his feet .
tr	O	The gap grow bigger and wider with every twists on the jewel .
tr	I	I just there stood staring at him for the longest time .
tr	O	This was making less and less sense .
tr	O	Quickly the instructors scrambled down the cliff and raced to his side .
tr	O	We ordered , then Claire appeared , with Ryan right behind her .
tr	I	He stood there , beautiful devastated and , with his guitar at his side .
tr	O	I ignored his stupid question , already making a mental list of the things I needed to do .
tr	I	Claire 's voice wobbled as she the interrupted flow of happy words , and she was unable to continue .
tr	O	When the consecrated liquid touched their lips , smoke rose from their mouths as if they had just breathed fire .
tr	I	He played the and introduction stopped .
tr	O	She rested her hands on his broad shoulders and looked into his face .
tr	I	But wasn she 't glad to be free .
tr	I	Behind us , ground the vibrated as The Devourer lumbered out of his lair .
tr	O	She uses the rest of her will to execute a flying leap through the opening .
tr	O	This security guard was basically an afterthought , a backup system , a way to put his mind at ease .
tr	O	Then he saw her coming from the bathroom wearing the green shirt he 'd worn last night .
tr	I	Carol stood at the kitchen counter and waited while the water to began run through the coffee grounds .
tr	I	She slowly slid down until she collapsed 'd to the floor unconscious .
tr	I	I felt unclean so !
tr	I	Reports out of eastern Canada exposed a similar rate casualty to the American Northeast .
tr	O	The population of the place was overwhelmingly male .
tr	I	Luke wanted know to .
tr	O	And she couldn 't afford to assume any longer .
tr	I	He wondered very much what kind of they folk were .
tr	O	A knock sounded on the door and her mother went to open it .
tr	I	I felt a long yawn my escape mouth .
tr	I	Slowly she reclined until she was on her back , her hair out splayed around her .
tr	O	The room was lavish , boasting intricately designed ceilings and walls covered in gold , with stunning columns at the numerous entrances .
tr	I	He a took wide turn to the left and disappeared .
tr	I	But it was his breath , and his voice , so close to her ear that her gave the most relief , the most comfort .
tr	I	Karl was moody a fellow .
tr	O	Anyone can see that .
tr	I	Esmeralda , Robert and Mr. Comstock took seats on the couch opposite Chandrasekhar Mr. .
tr	I	My mouth opened and shut a like fish out of water .
tr	O	The two collided in a bone jarring thud .
tr	I	That one hers was .
tr	O	Your eyes just made me forget myself for a minute there .
tr	I	I would instantly be killed by all the other vampires , who would come together over common a threat .
tr	I	Nobody would him hire .
tr	O	Arnie was on a roll .
tr	I	He sent hatchet a flying into a banshee 's chest and began a mad dash back the way he came .
tr	I	When James kisses me , it as 's if he 's holding back part of himself .
tr	I	He paused as I held Nightmare my up to his face .
tr	I	Ethan steps 's faltered .
tr	O	It was harder than she thought it would be to catch up with the other girl .
tr	I	And I the see way she looks at you .
tr	O	Mina snorted as she poured Tabasco sauce on her oyster .
tr	O	It was only two and a half hours to New York but the plane circled for more than that before it finally landed .
tr	I	A purple blasted fae a vampire out of her way , and then blasted the griffin , who was making her way to a werewolf .
tr	O	After all , I was only the hired help .
tr	O	It seemed strange to her that Tate was so willing to help a vampire .
tr	O	Her heart felt still in her chest .
tr	I	We rebuild can here .
tr	I	I knew you wanted to see me , but I didn 't want to you see .
tr	O	The impact knocked me off my feet and sent my body flying toward the spot where Icarus had stood a moment earlier .
tr	I	When she started to turn away from him , did he what he 'd promised himself he wouldn 't .
tr	I	Daniel shoved another into bite his mouth .
tr	I	Before he could defend himself , waved she a hand in dismissal .
tr	I	It was almost over , and the as darkness claimed him he finally realised that the screaming was his own .
tr	O	He exploded through the last line of trees as the scream died and stumbled toward a chasm .
tr	O	He looks like an old lumberjack .
tr	I	Troy hardly where knew to begin .
tr	I	Proof of who gone 'd poof .
tr	I	She took to the air with much less grace swooped and right under Spike 's legs .
tr	O	It caught me so off guard that I had to tell myself to return it .
tr	O	His thoughts interrupted her ; he knew full well that he was beyond hope .
tr	I	What be would the point ?
tr	O	And on top of everything , laced into every breath , she felt guilt .
tr	I	When he spoke his voice was a whisper , reverent almost .
tr	O	EC : A smartass question .
tr	O	Then there was darkness , and within the darkness , a burning pain .
tr	I	His effort to me subdue had failed .
tr	O	I tried to pull him towards me , needing Gabriel to join me in bed .
tr	O	This wasn 't the first time we 'd had this talk .
tr	O	Again she flinched , and again he refused to back down .
tr	O	Then it was gone .
tr	I	Chapter 23 : Mona Is it possible he has a brother twin ?
tr	O	And it is a gift , no matter how it came into being . '
tr	I	These hospital stays are on hard Tina .
tr	O	A hand shot out from behind me and grabbed hold of me , lifting me up to my feet .
tr	O	In many ways this is an important development .
tr	I	He pointed the to snaking river and the single span over it .
tr	I	an older man as asked Bob paused .
tr	O	' Do you have any of your own then ? '
tr	I	He held his hand above his face as the wind howled around him , and the rain and sea him sprayed with water .
tr	O	The boys ran as one to a huge rack of wooden swords .
tr	I	In all the time Sam and I have been together , I 've seen in him just about every possible emotional state a person can go through .
tr	I	He glowed with and health high spirits .
tr	I	Jack a had chokehold on him , and the two men sank deeper into the water as they struggled .
tr	O	He would stop , turn on the step , and give me a grudging grin .
tr	O	I tried to convince Pata to tell me stories , but she didn 't have the heart in her to talk .
tr	I	A loaded spring arm for each type of coin protrudes at the bottom and when pulled releases one coin at a time .
tr	I	They were getting really to know each other well .
tr	O	And what a dream !
tr	I	Pia has security all cameras over this place , even in the warehouse .
tr	O	His cheerfulness again brought thoughts of mayhem and murder to mind , I managed to repress them .
tr	O	In response , she 'd flushed and resolved not to give him another opening that led into dangerous territory .
tr	I	An army can scale 't rocks , can it ?
tr	I	His eyes open flew .
tr	I	This delay beyond is our control .
tr	I	Fire erupted over the fields and possessed famine the oceans .
tr	O	He swung his sword in a wide arch , hitting the spider 's front leg .
tr	O	Instinctively , I crumple the flyer in my fist .
tr	O	It noted a transfer to a new program , yet the program was unnamed .
tr	O	Edward had never used the name Volturi for the beautiful trio , two black-haired , one snow white .
tr	O	I should have died in Mare 's place years ago .
tr	I	' There no was official .
tr	O	Live your life with friends .
tr	I	' That 's interesting , ' said the of Chair Indefinite Studies .
tr	I	She rose , at the end of her tether and in need distance of .
tr	I	Philip stepped out , his face shining happiness with .
tr	I	When the water finally touched me , I sighed relief in .
tr	O	I blow out a breath .
tr	O	As far as we can tell , they had no warning .
tr	O	Angelina gave Jeanie a quick hug .
tr	O	Nothing unusual , but that was no surprise .
tr	O	There was no odor of gun smoke and no corpses .
tr	O	He wanted this land .
tr	I	I nodded emphatically , because certainly I agreed .
tr	I	That 's more Seth 's thing even and he 's toned it down since we first met so I 'm a little thrown off .
tr	I	Christopher 's hand wrapped around hers and adjusted stick the .
tr	I	176 other Sometimes vampires drink your blood , and for some reason it kills you instead of turning you into one of them .
tr	O	The words come flying out of my mouth and sound horribly dirty to me .
tr	O	She watched all of the men , studying them before passing on to the next .
tr	I	said first the one in disbelief .
tr	I	He feared losing much her , much more .
tr	O	He 'd been an ambassador to Laos in the late eighties and was considered instrumental in reopening diplomatic ties with both Cambodia and Vietnam in the nineties .
tr	I	Flattery stood at console his and stretched .
tr	I	The thought of Evergreen shook me , filled the very bones in body my with sorrow and remorse .
tr	I	Susan looked David at who was smiling .
tr	O	It must have been wedged between the jamb and door .
tr	O	Caleb expected Kate to shoot at any second now , but no shot came .
tr	O	She wanted ... something .
tr	I	And judging by the smell and the abundance of old cans and blankets , there were quite few a of them .
tr	O	I share your concern but I was told not to explain this to you before the event .
tr	I	Cameron asked , sauntering up to Laura 's deck when the was game over .
tr	I	I don 't have to put up your with caveman tactics .
tr	O	We took an afternoon break and went shopping .
tr	I	Rid stretched her arms over her head , as if she 'd just woken up from long a nap .
tr	I	With fierce a roar , he lifted his sword and swung it in a tremendous arch .
tr	O	But as Joe talked , and the way he looked at her pictures , she started to re-evaluate her position .
tr	I	She expected anger them from .
tr	I	I just couldn 't bring to myself believe all that Markus had told me .
tr	O	She tapped out a test routine , keyed it and waited .
tr	I	It was powerful a machine , well-suited for him .
tr	I	I moved in closer him to and sat beside him .
tr	I	He over hobbled to a window .
tr	O	Other parts of her , more primal and insatiable , came to the surface instead .
tr	I	Half laughter , half exasperation and a dash of very healthy fear her edged voice .
tr	I	Rachel smiled at him , a sweet , slow smile that with started the curve of her lips and ended with a gleam in her eyes .
tr	O	Furthermore , I think it 's time for the Christians to come up with a better symbol .
tr	O	I kiss his knuckles , the ones that defended me against Doug .
tr	O	Then I hopped up and skipped across the gravel before he could turn the car off .
tr	O	And not just physically .
tr	O	Rose didn 't have to open her mouth before I saw it .
tr	I	Confusion and ache did mix not well .
tr	I	He swept a over look her .
tr	O	Maybe she just wouldn 't , not until some moment that appeared safe .
tr	O	Rent again would be late .
tr	I	he requested the paper and I it handed out to him .
tr	I	In the clean room , Karin washed her hands thoroughly assistants as readied protective garments for her .
tr	I	She stated in a of tone finality .
tr	O	The Smitten Kittens parted around us , leaving Aiden and I sneaker to sneaker in center court .
tr	O	I had to be patient and pray for a chance to present itself .
tr	I	She rose and took the out dishes of his hands .
tr	O	She was wearing the sexiest black satin robe he had ever seen .
tr	I	I threw her disgusted a look .
tr	O	What she really deserves is to get knocked on her ass .
tr	I	They fed me and pampered me provided and me with what might be called luxurious quarters - if a tent could ever be described as luxurious .
tr	I	But now , tonight , it seems too great a to burden bear .
tr	I	She hadn 't him forgiven .
tr	I	I sat in front of him pure with misery in my eyes .
tr	O	How could I complain ?
tr	O	He made it to the shed before his heart pounded out another beat .
tr	O	I didn 't recognize him , but his ease in the kitchen spoke of familiarity in the fraternity .
tr	O	Angels sang as she passed and devils squirmed in her wake .
tr	I	But when Luis put his legs through the window and stepped into Jase 's bedroom , Jase sat back in chair his and laughed .
tr	O	Matthew stepped to Bax 's side .
tr	I	Abruptly , an eerie of wave familiarity washed through me .
tr	I	I then got a lecture about how women are more than sex just .
tr	I	They popped into chat the .
tr	I	Yep , was she happy with this one .
tr	I	It 's I what do .
tr	I	How could two people need each other so desperately , and yet not be to able reach out to one another ?
tr	I	I leaned in to hug him so I no longer to had face him and look into his eyes .
tr	O	I kept checking the driveway next door , making sure Daemon 's car was there .
tr	O	Their eyes met in the dim light , and the flash of attraction , which always flared whenever they were together , made her feel warm inside .
tr	O	We don 't want to admit we 're trying to make them jealous .
tr	O	Rosie brings us towards the back entrance of a newsagent , and as we approach the door swings open .
tr	O	But in absence of more time and a better understanding it was the best they could do .
tr	O	And she knew she needed to do some heavy thinking about her own pride where Ford was concerned .
tr	O	Chase burst out laughing making everyone else erupt into laughter as well .
tr	I	I and screamed launched myself at him .
tr	O	Her eyes remained locked with Lucian 's .
tr	I	We are the only two on sand the .
tr	I	On that night of May , 1969 when her parents were killed , there had a been full moon , also the second one that month .
tr	O	With a sudden tug on Peter 's arm , Francine ran up the walk to the cover of the porch , her laughter dancing among the leaves .
tr	O	The flakes were huge and airy .
tr	I	Bobby appeared hitching up his britches , kept tied with a length of half-inch sisal rope run the around outside of the belt loops .
tr	O	It was too weak to find him .
tr	I	Her mouth dry was .
tr	I	The sun was past its and peak the day was too hot , the discomfort mitigated by a westerly breeze .
tr	O	Do you understand me ? '
tr	I	At least I hoped wouldn I 't .
tr	O	Just saying Logan 's name sent a flood of emotions through Melody .
tr	I	The joy in the room was and palpable Leslie wished she 'd be around a month from now for the next gathering .
tr	O	Make no mistake , you are just a player in a game .
tr	I	He winced at inwardly the word husband .
tr	I	She pointed at Kayla low-cut 's blouse .
tr	O	I didn 't know if I could .
tr	I	I look his at watch .
tr	O	Grayson heard what she said , but couldn 't manage a response .
tr	I	We are no longer in my trap but in back the throne room with her toppled chair .
tr	I	I took in sharp a breath .
tr	O	He shifted nervously and tried to get his directions straight in his head .
tr	O	Back before I 'd been able to dream at all .
tr	I	But if couldn Romain 't tell them where to look , how were they going to find her ?
tr	I	All doubt washed was from me .
tr	O	I jerked away , spluttering and gasping , but completely delighted .
tr	O	Jess tapped her foot , her mind seething .
tr	I	Maybe inquisitors 't didn come to work until eight .
tr	O	About three a.m. I made a trip to the bathroom , blinking in the bright moonlight that bathed the hallway .
tr	O	' A chaperone for you !
tr	O	A nak * d , shivering limb caught her eye .
tr	O	Your biggest problem will be the cannon the French have positioned at the mouth of the bay .
tr	I	The antenna on the house was blown away and fell to earth on the opposite of end the island .
tr	O	It was good to know she could still lust after a man , and it was always nice to know he lusted back .
tr	O	He carried me back to the camp with Elbert following us close behind .
tr	O	Eve touched her cheek in echo of his .
tr	O	I hold it up as the light pours through its sky blue eye , and swear to God it just winked at the two of us .
tr	I	Why green would be beautiful ?
tr	I	Smiling to himself as he walked the down hall , he decided he was more than ready for the challenge .
tr	I	The thick , cream-colored curtains were pulled tight , though it wasn 't enough to keep glow the out of his bedroom .
tr	I	I he think spends more time on his hair than I do .
tr	O	She caught his hand and brought it to her heart , her eyes a soft and misty green .
tr	O	They were people from town or mom 's childhood friends .
tr	O	He suspected they would never know the true answer , and at the moment they had a more important concern .
tr	O	No Yankee 's been there , he decided , and continued down the pike .
tr	O	She hadn 't intended to admit all that , but it slipped out .
tr	O	Now they were veiled in thought .
tr	I	The whole idea is to make you happier and in better peace and harmony yourself with .
tr	O	Varg let out a growl that somehow sounded affirmative .
tr	O	Bought a boat and a host of other things to grab some of our net worth .
tr	O	At Connor 's name , he raised his eyebrows and looked nonplussed until Connor was forced to spell it out in French .
tr	I	There had to a be better way .
tr	O	My sister possessed talents I would never have suspected .
tr	I	This announcement excited drew discussion rather than cheers .
tr	O	I didn 't have any trouble finding the right boat -- it was the only one with people on it .
tr	O	In answer , a slow smile crept over his face .
tr	I	It wasn 't fault his he 'd accidently possessed Tom 's body , or that Eloise had kissed him .
tr	O	Three , four decades ?
tr	I	Apparently my time to around sit moping had come to an end .
tr	O	He shook his head .
tr	I	After the two had walked a bit , the spoke captain again .
tr	I	He hadn 't felt her approach , so ... had power his left him too , or what ?
tr	I	She stuffed a piece of French toast and a couple of her fingers into mouth his .
tr	O	But even so , Christine had done much worse than the other chorus girls .
tr	O	Words to that sweet effect .
tr	O	Your comrades cannot run for long .
tr	O	And something inside Madeline had broken .
tr	O	But he couldn 't , because he couldn 't blot out the tormenting picture of her and Tony embracing and planning his murder .
tr	O	Keegan grinned and served the ball again .
tr	O	A sense of triumph filled Julia , followed by a pang of jealousy as she wondered who he 'd be taking to the event .
tr	O	The past was done .
tr	O	The others will have to huddle together , share their body heat .
tr	I	They 're very impressed , right all .
tr	I	For months we lived in peace as we the watched world move at a break neck speed towards its own destruction .
tr	I	The axe struck white the , wet , stony waterfall , and smashed through the drip of millennia .
tr	O	After I left Ken 's office I went straight home .
tr	I	Was the he killer ?
tr	I	Now can I 't force you to come at this time .
tr	I	The professionals and onlookers alike were starting disperse to , but Sarah still had no intention of getting into something so private .
tr	I	She 'd glowed ... .
tr	I	He glanced up in time to see Dr. walk Sanford out of the back room where they 'd taken Ty 's mother .
tr	I	Half hour an before my prescription is ready .
tr	O	What had he told her brother ?
tr	I	She was developing a tolerance their for sustenance and was glad .
tr	I	My dad lets go of the frame door and steps up beside the counter .
tr	O	They 're not here .
tr	I	But then again , what in my was life turning out the way I expected ?
tr	I	He replies anxiously , picking up easel his .
tr	I	So she kept her shut mouth .
tr	O	I simply reacted , ducking my head as an incredible rush of shyness overcame me .
tr	O	Planning his death perhaps ?
tr	I	I didn 't know how I could be so certain , I but felt the truth of it beyond a shadow of a doubt .
tr	I	It 's the first time in a while long he doesn 't greet me with a heavy look .
tr	I	Clary wrapped her hand Jace around 's and squeezed .
tr	I	Nigel Moore Terrance , the late Viscount Hawthorne .
tr	I	Elena thought of absently her own parents , lying side by side down in the modern cemetery .
tr	O	People always questioned what they did not understand .
tr	I	I needed to know why ended he it .
tr	I	She promised me that she would follow before I to dropped the ground .
tr	O	She 's a mess .
tr	I	I clutch onto Luke 's hand so I tightly 'm sure it hurts .
tr	O	I don 't deserve to live !
tr	O	She didn 't know , and she really , really wanted to know .
tr	O	He knew an attempt was going to be made on his life .
tr	O	It was then that Angelina noticed her surroundings .
tr	I	This the was letter to Ali , the very one Emily had sent right after the kiss .
tr	O	She dropped the pump station keys into her pocket , then looked at Daniel .
tr	I	The crowd , consisting mainly of unionized government workers EBT and people , would have roared its approval if she had read the phone book .
tr	I	She pursed her lips eyed and me .
tr	O	Lucien paused and Leah nodded that she understood and he should carry on which he did .
tr	I	He looked , fixed the motor , gave and us a bill for $ 700 .
tr	I	Reyes 's heart pounded now he as put them both in motion .
tr	I	The kitchen affair was size with clean appliances .
tr	I	He had an idea where all of 's Angelica nutrients went , but there was no way to be certain .
tr	I	Seraphina bent over Talbott as Eden magic 's worked to remove the bullet that knocked him out .
tr	I	For now , Lacey repeated mix-up the to Serena in Spanish before turning back to her client .
tr	I	He opens car the door for me , and I gingerly sit down .
tr	O	Stacy and Emily agreed and Stacy noticed that Arthur was working beside Zeke .
tr	O	It proved she was okay .
tr	I	Dirk studies diamond the , smiling .
tr	O	My smile expands as I pick up that broken vase I destroyed when I was a child .
tr	I	I couldn 't look at him , and I couldn 't look not .
tr	I	Casually , mentioned she the young widowed lady who lived next door .
tr	O	Cisco held him in and out of respect for his father , he walked away .
tr	O	She heard the slap of his hands on the trunk , and a moment later , he gave the signal .
tr	I	I asked her as sat we on the plane .
tr	I	It comes us to through the Light that fills this pyramid .
tr	O	At least most of the damage done to the temple had been cleaned away , the grass and flowers tended , the rivers purified .
tr	O	Myself , I am far more interested in finding the source of the sweet , musty smell pervading the wooden beams of this old attic room .
tr	I	She finished her descent , then took out her father 's lighter and it flipped on .
tr	I	After dinner , I 'm leaning pretty far to right my , with my elbow on the table and my hand holding up my head .
tr	I	He crushes his mouth against in mine a kiss that is wild and deep and crazed with passion .
tr	I	He ignored my grin , took the phone away from his ear threw then it onto the bed .
tr	O	I nod , agreeing , but not really knowing what I 'd say to Mom at this point .
tr	I	He 'd to wake see glimmers of light , and then blink and find himself in a shadowy world of darkness .
tr	O	The old man shrugged .
tr	O	Anticipation and excitement are coursing through my veins as the words come from his heart .
tr	I	A chant like waving a in a giant wheat field flows over the crowd .
tr	O	He nods , sweeping a lock of my hair out of my face .
tr	I	Okay , I wasn 't going to winning be any beauty pageants tonight , but I wasn 't interested in impressing anyone anyway .
tr	O	The vanishing of it left him numb .
tr	I	She reached over to the grab axe handle .
tr	I	I vow , 've I never seen anything as seductive .
tr	I	The knight was doomed and there was sense no going down with him .
tr	O	For the first 20 minutes , Dave read the book and then they both interpreted the words , as Sarah continuously took foul shots .
tr	I	That tone was reserved for her and her only .
tr	I	I looked over there and were quite a few parents speaking to Mrs. Snyder .
tr	I	Whatever jealousy Clint harbored over the past week quickly morphed into an utter and awe stupefying .
tr	I	That girl wouldn 't be searching her for best friend .
tr	I	They turned around when entered we the room .
tr	I	She thought she 'd been doing well , but obviously Cornelia Miss had some reservations .
tr	I	She shook head her .
tr	I	The gesture for some unexplained reason brought fresh tears my to eyes .
tr	O	Once again , he felt a touch on his arm , and then what felt like a hand , a firm hand , against his back .
tr	O	Clary , she thought , crawling toward Jace through the heart of the conflagration .
tr	I	Counting himself , Reggie had people seven to help him .
tr	O	Ashe walked into his office and powered up the computer .
tr	I	He grunted told and her to go pack her bag .
tr	I	He rolled his eyes slightly , trying to bring into things focus even as he realized his head was aching beyond belief .
tr	I	To formalize my intentions , I bend with my arms tucked against my body in most the eloquent wa I can offer .
tr	O	She 's done with me and I just have to live with that .
tr	O	Not even a little bit .
tr	I	His ship waits for him , along with the rest his of crew , at least the ones who survived Venice Minor .
tr	I	Her husband portly pulled her away from the edge of the crowd .
tr	O	Donovan smiled and then glanced up at her IV bags .
tr	O	The warmth brought a smile to her quivering lips .
tr	I	She nodded closed and her eyes .
tr	O	- but I 've got to get Isobel to a hospital as soon as possible .
tr	O	Knight of Cups upright .
tr	O	Deodorant realised the key to his son 's harmony lay in the belief he could venture out whenever he wished .
tr	O	She entered another room .
tr	I	It was closer getting , though it would probably stop on the seventeenth floor .
tr	I	She had no idea might what strike him as humorous , but she was determined to try .
tr	O	Cale chuckled and pulled me in closer .
tr	I	' It 's really a bad Xerox but is this the guy you met in Kansas ? '
tr	O	As unfortunate as it was for my emotional state of mind , I knew it was important to make the best of my time away .
tr	I	Fortunately , Mother and Dad lived near San Francisco and it would take at least this until evening before the news reached them .
tr	O	He pulls me a little closer to him and I feel his hardness between us .
tr	I	I thought , you know , that if we passed each other on the street we could ... polite be .
tr	I	He went answer to it .
tr	I	A stack familiar of books sat on the table , ones I 'd seen in her classroom .
tr	O	Someone who hadn 't deserved it .
tr	O	On the phone , Jessica was stalling .
tr	I	For second a or two , the world stopped moving and everything went blank .
tr	I	' Locked by in my daughter , ' said the mayor , calmly .
tr	I	This time her pale eyes fastened on Reuben and she offered the acknowledging faintest smile .
tr	O	The gates swung silently to behind her as the carriage entered the palace courtyard .
tr	O	I push Beast out of the way so I could get to the peep hole .
tr	O	There was still a good four inches of snow on the streets , but the driving conditions were much better than yesterday .
tr	I	He was thrown backward and fell to sandy the ground .
tr	O	she asked , her veneer of control cracking and giving way to a sob .
tr	O	A steady , strong beat in spite of the fact that he was still nearly starving .
tr	O	It looked like a twig or a cinnamon stick .
tr	O	Her voice quiet , but Austin noted the strength underlying the pain she was feeling .
tr	O	I 'd like to get Dr. Patterson as a client .
tr	O	Fellows leaned his fists on the desk .
tr	O	In and out , he moves them as his tongue flickers over my sensitive flesh .
tr	I	And again , my mind wandered , not to the witches or Jonah or the of sanity this plan , but to Viggo .
tr	O	Tears streamed down my cheeks as I responded to that .
tr	I	Michael gazed around the room looking as as heavenly anything Liam could have imagined .
tr	O	The door closed behind them as they moved away from it .
tr	O	' Alright , ' Stu said .
tr	I	It seemed that while she had been unconscious Kris had killed and everyone everything he could find , bringing it here to stack around her .
tr	O	If she could stand , she could run .
tr	O	She should have been armed with a better argument against partnership .
tr	O	She took them out of her pocket and tossed them aside .
tr	O	Dayan brought Corinne 's fingers to his mouth once more , kissing them gently instead of crushing her to him as he wanted .
tr	O	said the Princess , more gently .
tr	I	Clearly she didn 't think this was so that important they shouldn 't be married , Philip thought .
tr	I	He filled glass a with water from the fridge and then handed it to me , along with a small red capsule .
tr	O	It was clear they had tortured her in an awful way before she had died , they must have found she was an informer who helped him .
tr	O	Something that felt very much like fear .
tr	I	Danny 's guitar sound home hit instantly .
tr	I	Perry jumped up and sprinted the short distance to clearing the .
tr	I	' No , Barry , mean I us .
tr	O	They had known someone from Samurai Telecommunications would have to spend time at both compounds while they learned to handle the satellite .
tr	I	Some of them were slowly edging backwards from the hall , while stood others rigidly , shock still rooting them to the spot .
tr	O	If only once , I will have her .
tr	O	I reach for my bag .
tr	I	Rush back glanced at me .
tr	I	I stand before can she get my pants off .
tr	I	I my threw car keys at him .
tr	O	Since he only left the trailer to restock his liquor supply , he couldn 't be somewhere else .
tr	I	I think you were wrong the about Ageless .
tr	O	He murmurs a wordless agreement .
tr	O	Irina took her by the arm and we accompanied her to her door in the West Village where she gave us effusive thanks .
tr	I	A scream erupted from the end the of alley .
tr	I	He closed his notebook tucked and it back into his pocket .
tr	O	He stared ahead at the dumpsters .
tr	I	Not her even father could find fault with a man who didn 't want a wife whose mental awareness was in question .
tr	I	he asked , and she knew he what was referring to .
tr	I	He almost bit down on tongue her in surprise when her fingers found and closed over him , then he groaned and quickly began undressing her .
tr	O	The hunter was homesick .
tr	O	Grand Cayman was twenty-three miles long and eight miles wide in places , but from the air it looked much smaller .
tr	O	It was true , she had a strict regimen of drinking .
tr	I	The never ending tears to continued roll down her cheeks .
tr	I	She 'd time spent on the Drug Enforcement Team and been a detective in Criminal Investigations for ... he thought three years .
tr	O	Lisa recited a last minute checklist of everything commonly forgotten from suitcases .
tr	I	If he could it make he could be out onto the protected waters in minutes .
tr	I	There were so many details in involved her morning routine .
tr	O	But there were more guards ahead to deal with , and in doing so , Ezio picked up another technique from his Seljuk friend .
tr	I	He clutched my broken bruised and body closely to his and began to rock back and forth .
tr	I	How old was I when I lost virginity my ?
tr	I	From then on muttered Landon and glared and backed away dramatically every time she cast a web .
tr	O	I could play along .
tr	I	Jackson whined softly , pressing his black , wet nose against hand her .
tr	I	I found quickly my smoking gun : Search the Universe .
tr	O	That was sweet of David .
tr	O	You see , you are totally unique Beth -- your ancestor wasn 't a human , inhabited by a magical being .
tr	I	As I entered hall the , I was met by Hecate .
tr	O	They 've been through enough .
tr	O	We are armed , but what good has any armour ever been before against Smaug the Dreadful ?
tr	I	More arrows were fired , but the speed of this assailant and the ensuing chaos caused sprites to be killed with volley every .
tr	O	I have put my own goal aside for much of that , assisting Mathis with his micro biome research , teaching undergrad classes .
tr	I	He dared not turn to what see was going on behind him .
tr	O	Then she firmly told herself there was only one sure way to find out .
tr	O	Lies , once discovered , would be severely punished .
tr	I	If only gave she me the chance .
tr	I	It was so tantalizing and made me to want move more .
tr	O	He lowered his head to his hands and just sat there for a moment .
tr	O	She was being dragged through a mass of hideous creatures , chained with rusted links to a half-dozen warriors .
tr	O	He pressed at the base of the cloth spine .
tr	O	He looks at me , his eyes so dark , they 're almost black .
tr	O	The huge figure of a man was outlined against the winter glare outside .
tr	O	I asked and looked out into the hallway .
tr	I	But I don 't know if that 's a good enough reason to leave behind everything and start over .
tr	O	the boy yelled with fear in his voice .
tr	I	Can 't you get once on in a blue moon ?
tr	O	Running from sight beneath a shirt collar or buttoned sleeve .
tr	O	He points to a tractor shed where a fancy John Deere riding mower is parked .
tr	O	It 's been too long .
tr	O	Haworth looked at him helplessly .
tr	I	Andra 's was arm swiftly becoming a problem .
tr	I	He then released the vice he grip held on me and stepped back .
tr	O	No one knew to stop me .
tr	I	And people who don 't see , don know 't it 's real .
tr	I	Treasures abound in places where you do not expect find to them , even where you expect to find misfortune .
tr	I	I caught up him with .
tr	O	To leave everything behind .
tr	I	Even if Leah was not who she to was him , she was his concubine and he was Lucien .
tr	I	As the storm engulfed him , he was forced cover to his eyes against the scouring wind .
tr	O	I shuddered at the thought .
tr	O	' As my Lord is well aware , goblins seldom leave their females and young behind when they go on hunting trips or even on raids .
tr	I	With the knowledge of fire came the tools we made to hunt with spears like , canoes and fishing nets .
tr	O	And on top of that , he 'd got it wrong .
tr	I	I told not myself to cry , but I could feel the hot tears burning somewhere behind my eyes .
tr	I	Did you see twin my ?
tr	I	As they finished their coffee and Henry paid the check he decided that tonight had really been a more date than an interview in a criminal investigation .
tr	O	I tried to ban the memory of her mouth on mine from my memory .
tr	O	She tried to eat a sandwich for lunch but couldn 't swallow .
tr	O	She sat on the couch while Allie sat across from her on the only chair in the room .
tr	O	You 're a bully and a psycho .
tr	O	They were more shuttered than I would have guessed .
tr	O	Bria surged forward , but Finn grabbed her arm , supposedly holding her back .
tr	I	A burst of dry heat swelled through and warmed her while face the cold chilled her back .
tr	O	Sara didn 't argue .
tr	O	Not seen her approach ?
tr	I	His hood cast everything into shadow but eyes his , which were a dark indigo blue , fast becoming a flaming red .
tr	O	The detective was only slightly better .
tr	O	She would promise to stop asking questions and stop trying to find out what happened to Elise .
tr	I	Gregori did not wait for response a .
tr	I	CHAPTER 10 Eveline stood with Graeme in front of the priest as she waited for the ceremony commence to .
tr	O	Erik had resumed his seat on the railing and was putting his violin back in its case as she stepped down to meet him .
tr	O	Her eyebrows raise and I realize I shouldn 't have said that .
tr	I	His sounded voice louder as he released that button and talked only to me .
tr	I	( In circumstances the , I hadn 't bothered to say good-bye to Cynthia , particularly as we hadn 't even said hello . )
tr	I	She 't hadn even bothered to take the tags off of it .
tr	O	He nodded at my hand .
tr	O	Kane danced around it , sniffing intently .
tr	O	This lunatic was working for his father and was right now delivering him into his hands .
tr	O	Then both moved to stand guard around Sarah , ensuring that nothing could interfere with the match .
tr	I	Killian wore sweatshirt a but no gloves or hat .
tr	O	No one seemed to notice anything amiss .
tr	I	Clearly he hadn been 't sleeping well , but I 'd been too self-absorbed to notice .
tr	O	Women and children slaughtered .
tr	O	Jeff looked around , looking stressed .
tr	O	She stretched on her bed for a few moments , thinking about the book she was reading earlier .
tr	I	I 'd I thought was making him sweat a little , but it might have been the other way around .
tr	O	Did sharing a Big Mac in his truck count as a date ?
tr	I	It made her a little to sad realize that not seeing Darren would mean not seeing his brother either .
tr	I	His thumb brushed against and then on lingered her lower lip .
tr	I	Where 's courage your now ?
tr	O	Kane 's night-vision camera stripped away shadows , making sure they didn 't stumble upon any sentries hidden in the forest .
tr	O	She focused on his enticing face , her expression softened further .
tr	I	White towels piled were on the floor by the cot .
tr	I	Debbie was still sobbing into my chest - she hadn 't looked and up realized what was happening !
tr	O	And I think I will follow .
tr	I	It 's time to call it night a .
tr	O	She shook her head again .
tr	O	The two figures appeared frozen .
tr	O	If it was here to be found .
tr	I	Derek said , shooting the rest of us a grin , like Clark 's inability to up speak was the world 's cleverest joke .
tr	O	Is she 'd fully understood his words she didn 't let on .
tr	I	But had he no choice .
tr	O	He seemed frozen in place .
tr	O	Brian stared at him , frozen by that blue gaze .
tr	O	As I already told you , we are taking energy from the nature .
tr	O	He made a face from the bitter taste .
tr	O	she said , reading my thoughts .
tr	O	His loose , straight jeans flattered his waistline .
tr	I	They stared us down with their backs forward hunched , noses curled , and teeth ready to attack .
tr	I	Sam was to glad give some good news .
tr	I	He got in frozen the snow , and Marcia rescued him .
tr	I	It was weird to watch the healing process occur , but it also was very fascinating .
tr	O	Sam shook off a major case of the willies .
tr	O	What he did know , however , was who she wasn 't .
tr	O	Both of you have improved .
tr	O	He offered a hand , and she took it .
tr	I	No , there is just not one , there is two , but I can 't see their faces .
tr	I	He 'd back gone to his normal nervous self , his pipe sitting unnoticed in its holder on the table .
tr	I	I promised her we return 'd to Legend 's Run to ride out our years that remained .
tr	O	Wanting me for that affair was incidental to your trip anyway , an impulse I 'm sure my resistance amplified .
tr	O	Gazing downward six hundred and forty feet , he watched as cars made their way through the congested downtown area .
tr	O	A hand touches my shoulder and I spin around , raising the gun and pointing it at the person behind me .
tr	I	She studies it as far as the single code lines , introduces few a modifications and starts a simulation .
tr	O	She thought she was so smart , but she didn 't know a thing .
tr	I	The Romanovs were dedicated always that way , Nicholas II particularly .
tr	I	She 't couldn look more angelic .
tr	O	It was a small settlement , with one main road and two side streets that intersected the main road .
tr	O	There was nothing she could do about it now except stick with her original plan .
tr	O	Burned from the Pattern .
tr	I	She headed to the edge of town to find the dirt hidden road that wandered across the desert toward the Dome .
tr	I	The and Congressmen state legislators extended the eyes and ears of President Davis .
tr	I	Will you accompany us to the Palace for something eat to ? '
tr	O	I guess it 's a habit from my military days .
tr	O	She bowed once to the retreating figure and took the child into the house .
tr	O	I felt it shivering , but perhaps Gavin had no control over that part of me .
tr	I	Ted carried the into tray the living room for her .
tr	O	Digger dropped his cuffs to the floor with a clank that echoed through the station .
tr	O	Chimpanzees still cling to their mothers .
tr	I	The intensity of the heat licked at him , causing his skin sweat to and welt .
tr	I	He hurried out of the car to open the passenger for door her .
tr	I	She did not try to pry his grip her from throat .
tr	O	His brown hair was cut short .
tr	I	What does he think , we 're all bloody apprentices runaway with trades ?
tr	I	Blake was amazed not to feel irritated more about it .
tr	I	Its long , blunt fingers were tipped dark with claws .
tr	O	If I have made any of them harsh and merciless , this is probably fitting for the times .
tr	O	It was a dumb idea , he was almost blinded .
tr	O	Gabriel was all warmth and smiles .
tr	I	The surged crowd toward the door .
tr	O	I shut down the memory of those weeks in the infirmary and focused on the mission .
tr	I	Luis and sighed rested his cheek on Jase 's chest .
tr	I	He could hear the crab snipping frantically at the narrow again gap , probably drawn by his open wounds .
tr	O	The traffic was so bad cutting across Bangkok that she eventually gave up , parked her trusty Toyota Altis and got on the BTS Skytrain system instead .
tr	O	A frown crossed his face .
tr	I	She didn 't need a best anyway friend .
tr	I	They walked to the elevator together , his locked arm around her shoulder .
tr	O	That didn 't happen , of course .
tr	I	That was my name , Sheila and was calling it .
tr	I	Maryse appeared aback taken .
tr	I	It 'd solve a whole of host problems .
tr	I	He snaps making sure that only hears he his voice .
tr	I	There was also the small detail that Adam was like that and was I not .
tr	O	Jack reached out to the dog and rumpled his fur .
tr	O	Besides , what could he be more thankful for but her ?
tr	I	It certainly wouldn 't get her as much exposure as her Festival CMA concerts on Thursday afternoon and Friday night .
tr	I	Other than I falling 'm hard for her brother .
tr	O	She could give it all up .
tr	I	She woke about midnight , surprised to find the sheets all twisted if as she 'd tossed and turned frantically .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure he could take any bad more news .
tr	I	And even if there were some truth it to , and I accept dark magic is terrible , my father would never condone my murder .
tr	O	Jonathan spoke up , still clutching the rusty arms of his chair .
tr	O	' She 's gone where ? '
tr	I	He looked up her at and the lust in her eyes told him she was enjoying this as much as he was .
tr	I	The thrashing music of Nightshade blasted from speakers the .
tr	I	He got a glance at the gold bracelet on her wrist , and his eyes wide went ; he quickly focused back on her face .
tr	O	Somehow knowing that she regretted the senseless loss of his horse made it seem somehow less painful .
tr	O	Fair shy , I touched his face , running over a bruise on his cheek .
tr	O	A bus dropped us beside a fence where we waited for a policeman to unlock it and let us out .
tr	I	One unread message was waiting for me from an number unknown .
tr	O	And their arms were almost touching .
tr	O	The next day these men came for me , and bought me to hospital .
tr	I	I simply smiled and Bo took hand my , leading me back to the one smal sanctuary we had in al this mess .
tr	O	The horses continued their mad dash .
tr	I	He was feeling already it .
tr	I	The voices behind her started to fade , but didn Helen 't feel any relief from it .
tr	O	Ferry held up the flexible net of silver rolled into its tie bands .
tr	I	Anna was grateful Rock seen had through the girl .
tr	I	I not 'm going to cancel on him twice in one day .
tr	I	Like long a pipe through which the water will flow .
tr	I	The men had agreed to turns take so as to fairly spread around the discomfort of riding out into the storm .
tr	O	She rolled over onto her stomach .
tr	O	Next to them were reporters from the Arizona Republic , the Phoenix Gazette , and several news services , covering the havoc .
tr	I	Her eyes were round an as owl 's and dark , like unfathomable , bottomless pools .
tr	O	The competition between us drove us apart , but it also made you stronger .
tr	I	Then she Jennifer saw looking toward the door .
tr	I	The phone was loud enough that she could hear what was Heather saying .
tr	O	We 've got Facilitators everywhere James .
tr	O	There was also no sign of boats .
tr	O	I 'd obviously have to get over it , but it was going to be difficult .
tr	I	As if need I this to be anymore complicated .
tr	I	By the third week of her studies , she spent evenings the behind the closed door , scribbling , wadding up paper , throwing it out .
tr	I	Allie took the final sip her of drink .
tr	I	How can be that possible ?
tr	O	Speak clearly and create a good impression from the beginning .
tr	I	Another slammed hand him in on the back .
tr	I	I mean , he shouldn 't to have be my keeper , but it was my effing birthday !
tr	I	CHAPTER SIX The piercing of sound the alarm clock aroused an indignant sleeper .
tr	I	The bird is going with the Ranger Park to the animal hospital .
tr	I	He was the Jax reason walled himself off from everyone .
tr	I	It was a sad statement on her life that the most exciting entertainment she think could of was a movie .
tr	O	She could do one based on the game of Clue .
tr	O	Aurelius gave Tory a level look .
tr	O	She didn 't know my true purpose for being here , but she was going to get me inside Jonathan 's party .
tr	I	I lean back trying to catch my breath like just I ran a marathon .
tr	I	Rachel said , putting on her and seatbelt taking a look around .
tr	I	And all the time the ancient clock over the fireplace had been ticking , ticking , chopping off seconds his life .
tr	I	People like are that bad news , kid .
tr	O	The isolation , the loneliness , it surrounds and shrouds her .
tr	O	She answered when someone asked her a direct question .
tr	I	He must of had too much drink to that night .
tr	I	It some was drug dealer or shady friend of my parents ' , and it didn 't matter now .
tr	I	The trackers realigned themselves , the spirals arranging themselves into concentric circles , and lay still , a emanating steady pulse of magic .
tr	I	Victoria lingered the in doorway a moment longer .
tr	I	He turned to face her , dark her eyes bright in the lamp light .
tr	I	He had never felt this about way anyone , ever .
tr	O	It was a big bowl .
tr	I	I the like game we 're playing .
tr	I	The images my in mind faded and I became aware that I was standing in the Batcave .
tr	O	But I settle for a small smile .
tr	O	The lake , located in the middle of the grassy expanse , gleamed like a sorcerer 's dark glass in the moonlight .
tr	O	An orangutan ambled past , carrying an extremely large number of books under each arm .
tr	I	He clutched at the arm holding his sword , and she could see blood staining the fabric where she had him cut .
tr	O	However , a child with half her face covered in scars appears at her door one day and Daenerys realizes Shireen has been orphaned and abandoned .
tr	I	The sounds of fiddle a and a man 's voice filled the room .
tr	O	For a moment I could almost believe that we weren 't trapped here , that he was human , and that none of this awfulness had happened .
tr	I	It 's about the sharing best and worst of yourself and trusting that the person will love you through it all .
tr	I	Well I ... 've met you before , or later I guess .
tr	I	In many cases , that meant no more than a few hundred feet from one crest to the next , with a jumbled , stony between valley .
tr	I	Poor Bret had courageously visited her day after day , singing her favorite songs her to , waiting for a smile .
tr	O	She let a smile lift her lips , even though she knew the smile wouldn 't be reflected in her eyes .
tr	I	Five years ago he 'd snuck Tomas out the of country so Ramon Chavez wouldn 't get his hands on the boy and indoctrinate him .
tr	O	Especially since the second woman seemed so oblivious to the older woman 's true feelings .
tr	O	Paula said she had her eye on getting a larger house with a swimming pool and space to build a full-size aviary .
tr	O	This was the best bit of the story .
tr	O	' You said it was radio controlled .
tr	O	Only the best for the daughter of a King .
tr	I	Alexander lunged Anita for .
tr	O	Just remember , Anna is operating under a completely different set of rules .
tr	O	It would be the Queen 's mirror , a gift brought into the world from Deep Heaven : the other women would not have it .
tr	I	I put thought that out of my mind .
tr	I	When we broke the surface , I pushed him against .
tr	O	And then I point at them as I ´ m sort of angry .
tr	I	There she was , only a couple of months out of stasis , already with intimate someone .
tr	I	I approached him he as flailed , and another sinking thing brought deeper wells of sobs to the surface .
tr	I	I returned my eyes to center the circle .
tr	I	She betrayed had the Guild .
tr	I	Crowe frowned as if to express regret , the but emotion didn 't quite make it to his eyes .
tr	I	She shook her almost head imperceptibly .
tr	I	' Not tonight but Linda 's booked you to support a local band in couple a of days . '
tr	O	I need to talk to you now .
tr	O	He releases his hold on my arm but I can still feel his touch there .
tr	I	I took in the details of her and her quickly partner .
tr	I	My cheeks flush a little and stomach my knots .
tr	I	Elissa had just taken a large of bite toast but her mouth was suddenly dry .
tr	I	But the other door , obviously to the exit room , let shafts of light through .
tr	I	This made Robert and Jamie shift in guiltily their seats .
tr	I	She let go backed and away to third base .
tr	I	I 'm starting to you think shot me and needed someone else to blame .
tr	O	Even in their small form , the giants ate a lot .
tr	I	Taking to her bed with him was useless , too .
tr	O	I unwrapped the cream pie and bit into it .
tr	O	' Well , it was supposed to be her parents that were responsible for making her seek help at Grove Hospital .
tr	I	' First things first , we need to work out how this note got in pocket your , ' he said , a little calmer .
tr	O	I didn 't have the same strength tonight .
tr	I	Jackson didn 't how know he knew it , but he could smell a wolf .
tr	O	A finite way to live .
tr	I	That plan was about to be put to test the .
tr	O	Entering the house through the kitchen door , Daisy greeted her , jumping up and down excitedly .
tr	I	By the time she climbed out , was Laurel already walking impatiently toward the shops .
tr	I	A reward running millions into of dollars .
tr	I	Even if she appeared comfortable more , she wasn 't out of danger .
tr	I	They had not even awakened him to let know him what was happening .
tr	I	On stage there were about fifteen seated people behind a long conference table .
tr	I	Their breathing as heavy as own his .
tr	I	Eventually she just roamed , finally coming to a stop outside door a .
tr	I	He didn 't wish to endure a renaissance of period that .
tr	O	The camera then focused on Colleen , who rattled off something in a language Hanna couldn 't even begin to decipher , then clutched her stomach miserably .
tr	O	I open the door and find her standing in the middle of the lit hallway between stalls .
tr	I	Afterward , I lay with her , our sweat mingling and our bodies as as close they could be without being physically connected .
tr	I	Kaia clapped her hands her over ears .
tr	O	The edge where Miranda and Milton sat fell away .
tr	O	She spoke just above a whisper , and I figured Bob wouldn 't pick it up .
tr	O	In fact , Callie doubted any woman would complain about finding Dylan Talbot on their doorstep .
tr	I	I manage to catch glimpse a of similar tattoos on the other peoples ' hands and I wonder what they could possibly mean .
tr	O	This was why I loved him ; his steadiness kept her from sorrow .
tr	I	Their were movements blocked perfectly .
tr	O	Its metallic discs clattered on the dirt floor .
tr	O	I talked to her yesterday and she told me .
tr	I	Bond to moved the edge of the bed .
tr	I	You could hiding stop away from the world , and get back to society -- you could be comfortable around people again .
tr	O	Maybe that 's the something she needs for herself ?
tr	O	Business had really picked up since the inception of the coat drive .
tr	I	He rode in his carriage more often than he might otherwise have done , to take publicly advantage of His Majesty 's favor .
tr	I	I was feeling the way the wind warm was and sparking with purpose .
tr	I	Pet stopped instantly breathing , and her slender nostrils flexed slightly before turning a deep shade of red .
tr	O	Now the expectation of it was sort of squashing me .
tr	O	It was why he 'd broached the subject to begin with .
tr	I	Casino disappeared as crumpled he .
tr	I	Emma her rests head uncomfortably against the completely flat surface .
tr	O	I know in my heart that my wife 's gone .
tr	O	There were some people there I had to meet . '
tr	O	he screamed as he paced back and forth through the house .
tr	O	His hot seed spilled inside me , and my body gulped it in like I was a dying man in need of a drink .
tr	O	Out of all the people I had met since coming to college , Brent was my closest friend .
tr	O	She knew , it would be her end , it might have been worth it , to remove the parasite but she decided to let things continue .
tr	I	She thought about texting him back , what but could she say ?
tr	O	John croaked as he suddenly realized Ben had not yet been found .
tr	O	A door painted in flat black paint a hundred feet down swung open and my heart stopped .
tr	O	It came as some relief to realise he couldn 't think she 'd been making a play for him this past week .
tr	O	This could only mean one thing .
tr	O	The throw pillows and blankets on the back of the couch match the granite in the kitchen .
tr	I	Which is obviously unsettling in these uncertain , times dangerous . '
tr	I	What the happened hell to him ?
tr	O	Alone to contemplate every word her grandfather had said .
tr	O	And now she was alone with him in a dark house .
tr	O	It was a sharing he had never expected to experience , and her presence heightened his body 's reaction .
tr	O	He breathes out heavily a couple of times and then looks at us .
tr	I	Jake Carter had always been a shaker and a mover , never but before on her behalf .
tr	O	In short order I have a fire going , and the dove , while small , makes a good meal of protein .
tr	O	She looked into the room and saw what looked like a child 's dormitory .
tr	O	A large mat had been pulled back to reveal the wooden planks of the floor .
tr	I	When she was done that piece she bowed to graciously her host .
tr	O	Then the pain came , smothering her chest and twisting her belly .
tr	I	He walked away with a jaunty whistle , leaving me stumped and wondering how I lost control the of situation .
tr	O	It seems that I have been put in charge of making sure you eat .
tr	I	Now he 'd have to break glass to inside get .
tr	I	She didn 't even peer over ridge the to see who they were .
tr	I	She could just imagine him walking the floors of his like mansion some restless spirit in search of comfort and finding none .
tr	O	It was hard not to .
tr	O	She paused and took another step back .
tr	O	He realized he was still holding the tomato slice to the ceiling light , with a jerked arm bent awkwardly at the elbow .
tr	O	My room was six doors from the stairwell .
tr	I	The final recitation of the spell hers was to deliver .
tr	I	The agents and police firing at spotted him the newcomer and directed their attention toward that threat .
tr	I	But now there no was hint of Francesco Giordano backing down at all .
tr	O	This was the outcome he hoped for .
tr	O	The gusts snapped his tunic as he heaved it in .
tr	I	He 'd been in the middle of making preparations for pending the attack by the Bright Ones .
tr	O	6 I expected Sam to drop my hand as soon as we entered the building so Charlotte wouldn 't see us and pitch another fit .
tr	I	He is who he is and he can 't change any more easily than or you I can .
tr	O	Sweat beads formed , making me itch under my suit .
tr	O	I needed to call him , but I couldn 't focus on anything but putting one foot in front of the other .
tr	O	' It 's good to see you again . '
tr	I	Iron their sapped strength and would send them fleeing back to Faerie .
tr	I	I blurted out before I could think about too it much .
tr	I	All she feel could was him , all she could smell was him .
tr	I	It all had happened so fast .
tr	I	His progress across the back yard was slow , his grumpy expression .
tr	I	He had left Queens and perpetual his set to play at the hotel .
tr	I	Surreal her shook head .
tr	I	Tents seemed to come every size and shape imaginable on depending needs and environment .
tr	I	The wave must have caught them well as .
tr	O	There would be no job left for him to do .
tr	I	The Commandant had already and turned started down the hallway .
tr	O	I wondered what he was talking about .
tr	O	He spooned me and I sighed , well ready to sleep before I felt his cock press against me from behind .
tr	I	Iona was getting of out control , and she needed help .
tr	O	There was nothing ... Vin frowned , stepping to the side .
tr	O	As soon as the initial hole was made , it became much easier to widen .
tr	O	' A message , Minister Keno . '
tr	O	Who are the Blogs ?
tr	I	Charlie realizes that this is girl one of the designers show models .
tr	O	We 'd been burned way too many times before .
tr	I	As he stared , he could imagine the band floating the in amniotic fluid like the tentacles of a poisonous jellyfish .
tr	O	Despite her claims , Cassie didn 't actually make me do that much .
tr	I	And I 'm a little discouraged that Raul , the ancient werewolf whom soldier Isaac is good friends with , isn 't among them .
tr	O	Everything here is clean and cold , like a hospital .
tr	O	Gray nipped lightly at her bottom lip , seeking entrance into the moist heat within .
tr	I	It 's just about most the peaceful place I 've ever been .
tr	I	We always wash in cold water for too the same reasons .
tr	I	She not could help herself but tease Taylor a little bit and get his thoughts swirling .
tr	O	The data is gone .
tr	O	I grabbed Taylor 's hand and led him inside .
tr	I	When all I had been thinking about was sleep , approached Karina us both with two giant cups of coffee .
tr	O	I rolled my sleeve up some more and I stared at the bruise .
tr	O	She heard the shaking in her voice .
tr	O	Her blood would be safe , and she would be awake and as feisty as ever .
tr	O	I don 't need your help , ' Thorne spat back .
tr	O	Spirits of destruction rose in the minds of people and struck them down .
tr	I	Tristan legs 's shake , wanting to collapse as he hunches over struggling to breathe .
tr	O	Before he had ventured into a jewelry store , he 'd spent several hours reading up on diamonds .
tr	I	He drew a deep breath air of into his lungs , held it , let it out slowly .
tr	I	Like all the most dangerous people I know , he didn 't feel a need to any make displays .
tr	I	These two , however , did not each love other .
tr	O	Submission had been a surprisingly easy answer .
tr	I	I shook hands with the Inspector , who placed his hand on shoulder my , smiled and told me again not to worry .
tr	O	And who knows about her family ?
tr	O	If I wanted to live I would have to think fast .
tr	O	The individuals walking down the streets , and the many different carriages they were passing , were all exquisite .
tr	O	He glanced up at the subway map .
tr	I	That not is so .
tr	I	She had limp a .
tr	I	Her heart with swelled love and pride .
tr	I	He her grabbed wrists , bound and bleeding out her life .
tr	I	Her wasn cursing 't a good sign .
tr	I	Violet wiped the corner her of eye .
tr	I	She 't couldn think about him .
tr	I	I rolled my at eyes him .
tr	I	I give Chest the little one and he a takes drink right off the bat .
tr	O	You 'll find the boards by the horse corral .
tr	O	But I 'd miss the library , I told myself as I checked my purse to make sure I had everything .
tr	I	Did you pull the ox today or the push plow ?
tr	O	Stone 's lips twitched with amusement .
tr	I	In the picture the model 's hair wasn 't pulled back tightly but around puffed her face .
tr	O	Jace took off running toward the water .
tr	O	If Christian wanted to hang out , if he wanted a friend , that was cool .
tr	I	But don worry 't .
tr	O	Which , she noticed , wasn 't exactly an answer .
tr	I	I kept in the middle of the wide central aisle , afraid that my enemies were slinking along after me in shadows the of the pillars .
tr	I	After she got in , closed he the door , and she rolled down the window .
tr	O	A death suitable to your station can be easily arranged .
tr	I	I 'm here to help you solve the problem lies that before you .
tr	I	It 's now empty .
tr	I	Amelia indulged herself in the memory of his bass reassuring , the lingering feel of his hand .
tr	I	He felt her move , sensed that she reaching was above them .
tr	O	When the water turned warm he stood under it for a long time .
tr	I	The registered address of one of them matched with one Stephanie was to about check .
tr	O	I let him roll it off my torso and my head .
tr	O	Perhaps she was to wait until Sunday to fulfill Father 's idea of two weeks .
tr	I	I to deserved have some fun .
tr	I	If there was a way to forget the last couple days would I consider it .
tr	I	It sharpened her abilities psychic , of which she was already quite proficient .
tr	O	Adani groaned loudly and rolled to one side .
tr	O	Do you have any idea how hard it was to drag you down that corridor ?
tr	O	The Sword of Luminescence vibrated , so much that holding onto the sword was like trying to hold on to a panicking cockerel .
tr	I	Tucker took the abuse striking without back .
tr	I	There was barely room to maneuver around the and animal the warrior .
tr	I	He closes it quickly reaches and for his whiskey glass on the coffee table .
tr	O	I 'll leave you nothing , not even hope ... He carefully finished shaving , and wiped the remnant of the foam off his chin .
tr	I	Admittedly - and it some took admitting - he was a lot less of a twit than he had been .
tr	I	Ruby closed her eyes ; for the first time in hours , she able was to draw a decent breath .
tr	I	No sooner had been this thought , the young girl suddenly emerged from the patch of forest that separated her subdivision from the park .
tr	O	Caroline Everson walked around her bullet car and into the vibrant garden with the bearing of an ice pick .
tr	I	Bradley was no on longer the bench .
tr	O	He didn 't hesitate with his answer .
tr	I	He brushes his thumb across cheek my .
tr	I	He was starting to get on scruff his jaw from not shaving for a couple days , which made him look older and more rugged .
tr	O	I 've already spoken to the dealers who work the day shift .
tr	I	It 's just a really long story and I want to tell you truth the .
tr	I	How do you even know that Heather telling is the truth about bein ' threatened ?
tr	I	and all his glory and great his deeds ?
tr	O	A total of only nine hits .
tr	O	I took a deep breath .
tr	I	At the same time , he gave his clipboard to Gene and quickly went over to how record statistics for the rest of the game .
tr	I	I advanced toward her , the red color drenching everything .
tr	I	They have passed on to the Black ; Gate but more may follow .
tr	I	She still 's alive .
tr	O	That 's the bottom line .
tr	I	We can clearly 't get it together .
tr	O	Claire glanced over at Miranda .
tr	O	Leo headed for a chair .
tr	O	The Board are very impressed by the production figures from that line and Anderson has been quick to use it against me .
tr	I	He lifted his pencil and placed point the deliberately at the end .
tr	O	She touched the back of his hand .
tr	I	Caught off guard , hunters the braced to dive out of the way when they heard a loud thwack .
tr	I	Pain flashed across 's Sunny face .
tr	I	I jabbed in him the chest .
tr	O	I mean really poking him .
tr	O	Instead , he pumped that single digit in and out of her channel until she began wriggling against him , seeking deeper contact .
tr	O	Maybe I can talk Boyle into letting me drive some tomorrow .
tr	O	They appeared whenever he thought of Rand or Mat , bringing visions of them .
tr	O	But it was the love of a child , and I was no longer a child .
tr	I	She opens her eyes and forward leans , causing me to slide out of her almost completely .
tr	O	And thanks to Chase , he wouldn 't .
tr	I	And before I knew it , the invasion started had .
tr	O	If Solveig had not changed him , he would have bled to death on a cold spring night of that year .
tr	I	Feeling the difference her inside was breathtaking .
tr	O	The Queen slid one finger under Mab 's chin and tilted her head up .
tr	I	Right away , I could tell how incredibly different I was from all other the kids .
tr	I	When we can go shopping ?
tr	O	But I couldn 't help myself .
tr	I	I located a pen in the glove compartment and tore off a piece the of Vermont state map .
tr	I	If we aren 't careful , it won 't long be before we have widespread panic .
tr	I	Forte turned from fireplace the where logs crackled .
tr	O	It was just an ordinary year as far as I knew .
tr	I	It was definitely a label designer from this year .
tr	I	Vincent lowered his hand , and Natalie an noticed odd glint in his eyes .
tr	I	It sounded like a prehistoric beast arousing from sleep its .
tr	O	I make my own decisions .
tr	O	' And he doesn 't even charge us for the hauling , does he ? '
tr	I	Where hell the did they all go ?
tr	O	She clears her throat and begins to move away .
tr	O	First , it was faster and easier to decide what to wear , and secondly , his clothes did not get wrinkled .
tr	O	Raj became tensed and serious .
tr	O	It wasn 't her way .
tr	I	And with she him 'd find her answers .
tr	I	She never liked being show a pony , but sometimes the work required it .
tr	O	I could tell that everything was fresh and of the highest quality .
tr	O	' I 'm sorry , ' he said .
tr	O	The elders from the other towns that could not make it will be there as well .
tr	O	I gulp , looking over my shoulder as I cross the street .
tr	O	The sun felt warm on my shoulders .
tr	O	Her sister Carolyn was next to her , tears in her eyes .
tr	I	They jostled position for .
tr	O	Cassie shrugged as she shoved the apple into her bag .
tr	O	He clicked on his computer next to him .
tr	O	Many women of the village came to talk to my mother and watch her with this loom .
tr	I	There was a of flash angry incredulity in his eyes .
tr	O	I was shocked beyond speaking .
tr	I	Alec leaned forward , folding his hands along the back of chair the .
tr	I	He knelt in front of one the of cages .
tr	I	Getting knocked around a won bit 't keep me from rescuing him from those horrible images .
tr	O	Some lesser offenders are kept here for prescribed periods of time and then released .
tr	I	Caroline checked herself in of one the mirrors .
tr	I	Just as he reached for the door , a rang voice out .
tr	I	All I remembered was that when it happened and whoever had made the first move , I knew I wouldn make 't the last one .
tr	I	Romulus forward burst and buried his shoulder into Boris ' stomach with tremendous force .
tr	I	Logan rubbed jaw his .
tr	I	Vampires are victims of another demonic infection , which turns them into drinkers blood of .
tr	I	Why she did come here ? '
tr	O	His teachings are a necessary part of God 's plan of salvation for you .
tr	O	But the sentiment is nice .
tr	O	I sighed and drew back the waves of eerie presence that was probably smothering her .
tr	I	The dark-haired handler leans to take Kendra by the elbow , guiding from her the chair .
tr	O	She wished she could read his mind .
tr	I	They slammed with open a crack .
tr	I	And I remembered Lillian finally standing by me when things had been bad so during the murders months before .
tr	O	He had lost Paulo 's chance for him .
tr	I	The fourth man landed a on blow the side of my face .
tr	O	Not just for the hot chocolate .
tr	O	I stayed in my seat and so did she .
tr	I	There are still GD rebels in the fringe who believe that another war is the only way to get the we change want .
tr	I	She resisted the urged to her check phone for the fifth time , to see if they were late or if she was still early .
tr	O	His arms were like a strong cage , holding her tightly to his chest .
tr	I	I bet right about now , Skyla ever regrets setting foot on Paragon .
tr	I	I don know 't why , but I want Sean to say something in Icelandic to comfort me from my fears .
tr	O	What were they thinking ?
tr	O	Whereas several weeks ago she would have shouted at him for such a silly explanation , she could now appreciate that it held some truth .
tr	O	I didn 't want to accept that it would all end like this .
tr	I	With each step to closer the unknown , my heart seemed to be punching through my chest .
tr	O	The serving wench quickly departed and soon returned with a pot and a stack of dishes and spoons .
tr	I	Clementine demanded , and pushed her way of out the car .
tr	I	The guards shift as they prepare themselves , Serena and spots the king , waiting in the water where the tide creeps in , arms crossed .
tr	O	Deep down , she was all he thought about since that night .
tr	O	It was a welcomed distraction from the strain of a sleepless night .
tr	I	She waited the for woman to be ready .
tr	O	For one wild-eyed moment Nolan didn 't say anything .
tr	O	Mina offered me more snacks and drinks .
tr	I	Fire flamed up to shoulder his , the jungle ceiling swimming in front of his eyes .
tr	O	I felt sleep weighing down upon me , but my eyes wouldn 't close .
tr	I	Hanna winced as she relived the when moment she 'd clapped eyes on Naomi 's fake ID .
tr	O	My father set her up with Jared .
tr	I	You can draw ... you this have really weird past .
tr	O	They 'd visited her family in Arizona two years ago , when Emma had tried to leave Manuel , and Max had loved it .
tr	I	She took center stage in of front the other three , wearing the same outfit .
tr	I	The Lady 't didn flinch at his appearance .
tr	I	She must take the little book and doll the and the rosary and leave .
tr	I	As they approached , the stopped commotion immediately .
tr	O	But she knew that the man who 'd approached that Ione house like a member of the local SWAT team wouldn 't play it safe .
tr	O	On her bare breast .
tr	O	You and Kincaid were opposites in many ways .
tr	O	I knew answering his question would lead to more questions , until there were no secrets left .
tr	O	She drew even closer and sat down next to the edge of the purple colony .
tr	O	They continued on through heavier rain before descending below the rain clouds into the valley .
tr	O	We began paddling along the canals I went through almost every boat and garage looking for filters but could find none .
tr	I	She out reached and reverently touched a $ 100.00 bill .
tr	O	In all the years she 'd known Nick Ryan , he had teased , tortured , and insulted her .
tr	I	Her captor carried her out of the chamber and through a hallway narrow .
tr	O	Gregori made it an order .
tr	I	The weak will ... perish .
tr	O	Would there be any more of her tending ?
tr	I	I tried to keep my voice low I so wouldn 't embarrass her anymore , but I was worried .
tr	I	We 'd just been discussing it before I left room the to speak to Corrine .
tr	O	Things seemed the same : Buddy was still ignoring her .
tr	O	He thought this made the city look ragged and in disarray , yet it certainly added some flavour .
tr	I	It never ceases surprise to me how a mob can get so blood thirsty in a matter of minutes .
tr	O	Right ... yeah , that is kind of weird .
tr	I	Lauren poured a herself cup of coffee and settled on his lap .
tr	I	Serena searches for Hailey 's scales blue-green .
tr	I	He so was pale ; he appeared almost translucent against the white walls .
tr	I	The first warrior went down , gurgling blood from his mouth .
tr	O	Then her brows lifted .
tr	I	She turned looked and right at him .
tr	O	said Norman , as if he had read my mind .
tr	O	One look into his concerned eyes let me know that he wasn 't going to leave me be until I proved him wrong .
tr	I	He found his mentor lying upon the bench as he suspected , looking even surreal more beneath the starlight .
tr	I	I called for help again , the but sound was lost in the roaring of the flames .
tr	I	The pilot interrupted them she as circled around a wide farm area .
tr	I	She didn 't surprised look by my statement .
tr	I	I always 'd wondered why she 'd gotten that tattoo and what it meant .
tr	I	Tanya turned and down continued the hall .
tr	O	And all those mangroves make the perfect sound barrier .
tr	O	Thank them when you 're finished .
tr	I	He was himself surrounded .
tr	I	It was another I moment wished I still had full control of spirit so that I could compel her away .
tr	I	His heart heavy , he headed into the kitchen and to the large cupboard where Grace her stored food .
tr	I	I took a break catch to my breath .
tr	O	I stepped around the corner and leaned against the wall , trying to catch my breath and be silent at the same time .
tr	I	She winced as she thought of it , grateful no had one been hurt .
tr	O	Without another word , they carried the antique furniture up the stairs .
tr	O	I still believe that could happen for us one day .
tr	I	This was most the frightening moment in her life .
tr	I	I 'm not proud of this , but I took to them bed with me .
tr	I	I her put to bed in the guest room , still decorated for our lost baby .
tr	I	She was also , I noted , not affected the in slightest by my icy demeanor .
tr	I	Have it taken of care .
tr	I	And she maybe did too .
tr	O	As a matter of fact , he drew nearer , and there wasn 't much nearer to go .
tr	O	As he walked back , he squeezed my arm sympathetically .
tr	I	I pause and cock my head towards the entrance as fear wraps its unforgiving tentacles my around body .
tr	I	What was the name of that actress was who all worked up about something ?
tr	O	There was no way to stop it , no way to fight against it .
tr	I	Cade had set it up while I been 'd in the shower .
tr	O	I can pray but it will do no good .
tr	O	he asked , quickly casting his father 's present aside on a nearby table .
tr	I	He relaxes slightly as our eyes meet , the tension melting as he smiles at like me I am the most beautiful thing he has ever seen .
tr	I	I will do to anything bring you and Alice together .
tr	O	He smiled in amusement and set the sandwich on his plate .
tr	O	You know where I found my dad one morning ?
tr	O	'N ot much of a crime is it ?
tr	O	We 'll open that can of worms later .
tr	O	Once the floor was in place we were completely in the dark and I was nearly paralyzed by fear of the unknown .
tr	O	I walked back to Blair Road .
tr	I	Kropp bit his lip and tilted head his .
tr	O	He continued to gaze into the distance in a heavy silence .
tr	O	I assumed Sava had fixed up storage for his purchase .
tr	O	I kept my thoughts to myself , knowing he would never let me leave willingly .
tr	I	She in motioned front of them .
tr	O	We prayed over the meal and dug in .
tr	I	I can 't say that I feel happy about the result , but don I 't have anything against you .
tr	I	Tristan is prince a .
tr	I	Then I felt the tip of his tongue move along my and jaw then down my throat .
tr	I	However , one cluster to refused leave .
tr	O	Newton took another look at the layout below .
tr	O	When I said nothing , he reached forward and put his hand on my knee .
tr	I	On the fourth day many were complaining of and fatigue headaches , which Heather knew was from the lack of air .
tr	I	This particular bug was the plague of cruise ships or anywhere gathered people in great numbers .
tr	O	The tar like mass struck the guard in the face , enveloping his helmet and he let out a scream of terror .
tr	I	Jaxon : That 's not going to do any at good the moment .
tr	I	There were five people seated three within feet of him .
tr	O	She came out and he took her in his arms and held her to him and kissed her .
tr	I	She had taken a sip of coffee , and at his words swallowed she wrong , choking on the liquid .
tr	I	Dozens more overflowed from numerous the trash bins .
tr	O	A knock came at the door , drawing their attention .
tr	I	When they were off campus she turned and gave him a big wide smile , but he didn 't ; see he was staring ahead , dazed .
tr	I	' The rod lightning .
tr	O	Laci decided to rectify that situation .
tr	O	You 'd never be able to live with yourself .
tr	O	The importance of a great problem ?
tr	I	' So , ' sprawled Doc on a chair to wait .
tr	I	It come 'll to me .
tr	I	She feel could it .
tr	O	' It 's living in the past .
tr	O	It sent a ripple of fear over her , but even so , she understood why Persephone had been attracted to him .
tr	I	( That should be huge a hint right there as to who I really am . )
tr	I	Angry as I was , the only one to blame was me , and we knew both it .
tr	O	He was good at sitting and holding the rod .
tr	I	CHAPTER SEVEN Gunnar stood in cold the , silent forest on the other side of the wooden wall .
tr	O	Then he 'd hired two employees .
tr	I	It looked cute so .
tr	I	But I can 't believe there is more than one woman running around Shipley Mountain wearing sweat blue pants and pearls .
tr	I	Which made him of think something else .
tr	I	I asked him like five hundred times if I could help him with anything he but just ordered a soda and sat at the bar .
tr	I	Most of her money was consumed by the rent she was paying for the motel room to close her work .
tr	O	Since the retirement party and Lauren 's run-in with her former neighbor , he 'd felt an urgency to keep their relationship moving forward .
tr	O	Ava offered to stop at a local business to pick up more moving boxes for her .
tr	I	The lovely scent of wafted herbs through the kitchen .
tr	I	Nikolas raised his webbed and arm pulled .
tr	O	Instead she would be hidden and hated for simply being a dragon .
tr	O	' Why 've you got to have the beard ? '
tr	O	The two men bid him goodbye and walked away .
tr	O	It wouldn 't come .
tr	O	He worked fast , fingers inserting blasting caps into blocks of C-4 .
tr	I	Mama has Grandma 's original recipe and I 'll need to change a it bit .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure he could even find the studio again .
tr	O	Thomas offered his hand to the older Lady .
tr	O	Rose looked at Stanton with raised eyebrows and a wide smile .
tr	I	He was because wanted he inspired people , because he gave them hope .
tr	I	The 's boy eyes wide .
tr	O	This fair was much better than her hometown gathering in Oklahoma , maybe because it was such a small town and everyone seemed to know each other .
tr	O	Tom said , shrugging his shoulders dismissively .
tr	O	My heart started skipping beats as it slammed sharp against my ribs .
tr	O	Magic flowed and twisted around me .
tr	I	I 'm going to bed , Winkler Mr. .
tr	O	Sure , ten years ago one shot meant two which meant ten , but this was different .
tr	O	He was here , and she didn 't know what to say .
tr	O	He backed out of my doorway and closed the door .
tr	I	She backed into right him .
tr	I	I never consciousness lost .
tr	I	Something about her getting grandchildren ideas .
tr	I	The house was usually neat as a pin but today it filthy was .
tr	O	I was still lying on his chest and it didn 't look like he had slept much .
tr	I	He dropped into a crouch he so could see her face .
tr	I	Show those guys Lucky Penny take can them all .
tr	O	She tugged him after their guide .
tr	I	What was point the in saving him at all ?
tr	I	Jack was silent for the short drive , and so I was .
tr	I	' I like just going to the theatre so I 'll be happy whatever we go for .
tr	I	You can hang out with Jack fucking as much as you need to .
tr	I	The Queen 's eyes bright were .
tr	O	But my life was cold when she was not in it so perhaps we just needed each other .
tr	I	I looked quickly around , thankfully nobody noticed him touching me .
tr	I	Her apologies were joined with stroking my hair and looking me over soppy with eyes .
tr	I	She could no longer the see stars overhead through the canopy of leaves .
tr	O	Strangely , she didn 't feel threatened by the thing at all .
tr	O	No wonder everyone was rebelling , clinging to the idea of an heir .
tr	O	I turned to face him .
tr	I	Though why you would want break to up with her , I don 't know .
tr	I	The drive home went by in colorless a blur .
tr	O	She sensed he was something different .
tr	I	Setting the book back on the shelf , she tried focus to .
tr	O	She should have known better .
tr	O	She at least has enough respect for me not to say anything about it if she 's heard me screaming until I 'm hoarse .
tr	I	When his eyeballs got to either side , he made them bounce shiver and and jerk .
tr	I	She was rich already and famous , but she was greedy for more .
tr	O	I haven 't cried at all , and now I can 't stop .
tr	I	The one with the flowers in her hair who 'd standing been by the fire .
tr	O	Andra hated being wrong but she decided to let it go and concentrate on keeping the wagon on track .
tr	O	I glance into the nearest car -- a large seven seater jeep -- and immediately wish I hadn 't .
tr	I	But harmed they us anyway .
tr	I	My hand froze place in .
tr	I	He swung her into arms his and headed for the house .
tr	O	It looked like it had come through about ninety miles of splash and low country .
tr	I	Anger sped through me like an out-of-control fire forest .
tr	O	I could sign it all away and then never have to think about any of this ever again .
tr	I	Had to wooden have legs made .
tr	I	I couldn 't see their faces , the but mumbles coming from their mouths were more animal than human .
tr	I	The last time had Bryan enjoyed his dinner was - when ?
tr	O	He cannot go so far !
tr	O	No parasol , I see .
tr	O	Lexi did her best to be mentally present for the dance with Emilio , but a new fear had taken root .
tr	O	Kate tried to stay objective as a journalist but she had to admit it hurt to see Gage in that image .
tr	I	Not surprising of course when he was probably on contemplating how he would die .
tr	O	I know there is something in them that will shed some light on this .
tr	O	' Unless you want to talk about technology , reconnaissance , security or communications .
tr	I	I you hear like poker .
tr	O	He was surly , studious and too academic for her liking but her parents had chosen him for her so what choice did she have ?
tr	O	They tested the equipment .
tr	I	He 's got a tie around his neck , but no still shirt .
tr	I	I have lovely mountains , though , I and just love mountains , ' Winnie said through gritted teeth .
tr	O	I am living alone .
tr	O	Brazen broke the silence .
tr	I	Feng 's the gotten manifest only once .
tr	I	She sat down on the couch , spreading her arms along the of back the cushions .
tr	I	The plea was soft a one .
tr	I	Then he turned and sprinted into the house where he found his mom just getting off the phone with another desperate for cry help .
tr	O	Perhaps the raccoons had already scurried away .
tr	O	I wondered if her only daughter , Amber Jean , would turn out to be a good woman .
tr	I	It too was much .
tr	O	I rub my hand along the side of my pants .
tr	O	Someone calling my name .
tr	I	Josie veered off to kitchen the , settled Max , and poured herself some coffee .
tr	I	As you have observed , manufacture is not the same thing crafting as or creating .
tr	I	After all , everything into fell place .
tr	O	She could sense what the medic was doing .
tr	O	It was , in fact , most likely that Zoe would not live through this .
tr	I	Eyes turned to him , but he didn back 't down .
tr	I	It looked like a suit of armor , but it 't couldn possibly be one -- it was too thin .
tr	O	I took it as a good sign .
tr	O	She put the signed book back on the shelf , walked to the front of the stroller and went down to her knees .
tr	O	We 're not heroes or adventurers or kings .
tr	I	Then she made him drink half can a of flat Diet Coke to perk him up before he drove home .
tr	I	Even with a ditch , rampart , and stout the palisade redskins would still have slaughtered them .
tr	I	But in this modern age we update must them .
tr	O	I looked over at Charlotte and Leo sitting at the table .
tr	I	I generally didn follow 't him though .
tr	I	It time was to leave .
tr	O	Of the wind and the sea .
tr	I	If I fell hopelessly in love with him , 't wouldn I take the job ?
tr	I	And we have 'd tried anything to get him justice all those years ago .
tr	I	Standing , Butch set his glass in the sink and put Jack the Daniel 's back in the cupboard .
tr	O	Laughing , she turned slowly .
tr	O	Sera remembered how Peter used to drink too much and make an ass of himself .
tr	I	He noticed his reflection in the glass of one the of windows .
tr	O	They appeared like carbon copies , hair slicked back , all the same dark color , all the same height , their features eerily similar .
tr	O	he commanded , his tone that of a man barely holding on to the edge of control .
tr	O	His death has shattered me .
tr	O	Allie rolled up her window .
tr	I	The chief son 's had not bathed in at least a week .
tr	O	Being Sentinel would have been much harder without Jeff , Catcher , my grandfather , Mallory , and everyone else who kept info moving in my direction .
tr	I	Was what that she feared ?
tr	O	And I was there .
tr	I	But there 's this also impatience .
tr	I	How it could be possible ?
tr	I	He had to Roni help him look toward the future .
tr	I	One afternoon , Plutarch joins me and me gives an update on our current situation .
tr	O	The beasts were afraid of what lay beyond .
tr	O	His eyes were scanning the room , he was watching , anticipating , judging .
tr	O	But the first reason for their success , is that they are strongly motivated .
tr	I	Poor little guy is so exhausted from all yesterday excitement 's .
tr	I	That might have been going too far , judging the from anger flaring in Neil 's eyes .
tr	I	The light from the fire mixed with sound the of his laughter and seemed to wash over her old house .
tr	I	Dayan spared his friend a quick glance , to attempting assess the damage as he hurried to Corinne .
tr	I	I 'd death seen .
tr	I	I got up studied and him carefully .
tr	O	To Jacqueline 's horror , not only hadn 't she been included , she hadn 't even been invited .
tr	I	For the first time in Gordian life 's , he felt pity .
tr	O	And he will be waiting .
tr	O	A dab of white peeks out of a vase of dried flowers on my dresser .
tr	O	Forgotten London , Shepherd 's Bush Zone .
tr	I	She couldn 't even hear the traffic from sounds this distance .
tr	I	We had each other 's backs no matter what , we and have depended on each other for survival .
tr	O	He 'd been attending services with Hannah for the past few Sundays and was surprised to find church wasn 't nearly as bad as he 'd assumed .
tr	I	But the duke was an entirely question different .
tr	O	Jess drew a breath quickly , and punched him lightly .
tr	O	I hated being ignored so much , but the only other option would be to charge into her room and share my feelings .
tr	I	Janet 's skills rivaled those of Emeril , but she was also addicted to operas soap and had a flat screen in the kitchen .
tr	O	That 's when I really felt relieved .
tr	O	The others are heavily protected and you are not .
tr	O	' Yes , then what ? '
tr	O	I could hear a girl 's giggle as he stepped out silently .
tr	O	Pet cats sure , but stray cats , feral cats , wildcats work just as well .
tr	O	And as they left the house , she realised she was shaking and wished she 'd brought some flowers with her to lay on William 's grave .
tr	I	My back leg buckled beneath me , but I to had keep moving .
tr	I	He his raises hand above his head and shows me two fingers .
tr	I	I don 't need to look into their skeptical faces to see presumption the and loathing .
tr	I	' They 're inconsequential not .
tr	I	Shane rolled eyes his .
tr	O	Jazz and Goldie are going in the morning .
tr	O	She had to watch herself even with Claire .
tr	O	They ate all their meals together , talked about the various stores and their individual problems and how they could be fixed or improved .
tr	I	Even as she spoke the words , she wondered if he her understood .
tr	I	' And does what seeking your favour entail ? '
tr	I	We know something 's out there something - useful and something dangerous .
tr	I	She looked up from trimming one of her plants in the direction which from Noll 's voice carried .
tr	I	She looked off to sky the again .
tr	O	He had piercing blue eyes .
tr	I	And what has harm it really done him , do you think ?
tr	I	It 's now been three days since 's Olivia body was found in Laurel Canyon .
tr	O	Or the legs , as long as she stayed away from the inner thighs .
tr	I	Every time she used her credit card she waited with in held breath for to it be rejected .
tr	I	James sat across from her and leaned forward , on elbows his knees .
tr	O	Emma started shaking her head at the last sentence .
tr	O	I turned the stereo on and the album automatically dropped down and began to revolve .
tr	I	' Time isn the 't problem , ' said Susan .
tr	I	Yuffie and were Red coming up the way .
tr	I	His hopes had been raised when he found Brendan now but it seems that faith had a cruel destiny for the child .
tr	I	It was designed to keep out people unauthorized .
tr	I	The sound of something man made , the sound of that something is engineered , powered by a fuel that human hands prised from the earth .
tr	O	Sofia had a way of doing that to people , getting them to care .
tr	O	She could answer that .
tr	I	I at looked her in confusion .
tr	I	And that was just by fine her .
tr	I	So though she loved Nash and had foolishly allowed herself to they believe might have a future , she 'd been deluding herself .
tr	I	All the loved ones would they never see again .
tr	I	That my 's point .
tr	O	But I emailed her a photo from the file , and she confirms that she was the woman who met Mr Smith in his room . '
tr	O	Or at least it was last time .
tr	O	They were created for agents to escape imprisonment .
tr	O	The doorbell rang and Grams answered it .
tr	O	The general talk around town was the army had created the virus that turns people into zombies , an experiment that got away from them .
tr	I	Neil warned her about kick the and braced her body with his .
tr	O	I was uncomfortable at how much Lucky was occupying my thoughts .
tr	I	Clarity and Montana reached the entrance door , a two panel wooden door with two door cast knobs in metal .
tr	I	The spirits had quieted because the of spirit our mother was gone .
tr	I	Those words are comfort a to me now .
tr	I	Afterward , Thibault lay on side his , gazing at Elizabeth .
tr	I	Kent , the one who built this amazing ship , stands the at wheel , fighting the wind that threatens to blow us off course .
tr	O	He didn 't want to put a name to it .
tr	I	It was a on close-up a man 's eyes , bloodshot and intense .
tr	I	The technology was controlled strictly .
tr	O	I 'll win the business and the woman .
tr	I	I placed a on hand the chest of the decapitated body lying next to me .
tr	O	Then Jin felt a sharp pain in the back of his head as the creature bounced off the wall , hitting him .
tr	O	Nash 's story was exhilarating and frightening because of the thought a werewolf could be living among us .
tr	I	Through last the hall .
tr	I	I focus , work , finish the work , and poof , it 's back out my of head .
tr	I	Besides , we have to more talk about ur date to the dance !
tr	I	I flipped around , ready to attack , but lowered my fist when I came face to with face a sword .
tr	O	He can 't miss very many more days .
tr	I	Lily , at this point , the only thing holding you back is your lack of trust yourself in .
tr	O	Cat is now in shock , recoiling to the rear of the kitchen .
tr	O	She 's kind of a scary chick , with studs on her clothes and one in her nose .
tr	O	Nathan didn 't get home until after midnight .
tr	O	Helen pictured Simon on his horse and wearing a kilt .
tr	O	Lindsey looked over her shoulder .
tr	I	She her lifted head and rested her chin on his chest .
tr	O	A town was a town .
tr	I	It got me wondering what would it be like to possess a power of my own .
tr	I	And hope for girl a .
tr	I	I pick up a and pillow throw it at his head .
tr	O	This was the day before the wedding and he wanted all his tasks over and done with so that he could relax .
tr	O	The world around her was deserted and eerily quiet .
tr	O	That had to be hard .
tr	O	Lea was still waiting across the street , just sitting on the sidewalk .
tr	O	I went into the living room .
tr	O	said Harry when he realised his brother had been winding him up .
tr	O	His sixth sense never failed him before .
tr	O	And it had happened only ten years ago .
tr	O	It was not a large room .
tr	I	I would say that don I 't have any , but I 'd be lying .
tr	I	I wasn 't so sure he was right about of all that , but the sincerity in his voice stopped my objections cold .
tr	I	The wind whistled through eaves the .
tr	O	Oh , I will learn more of this when we meet soon and I welcome this meeting .
tr	O	Jake was smaller and Soldado used to just hold him by the shoulder and let him flail his fists at the air .
tr	O	He wanted to ask why she 'd watched them , but held back , not sure he could handle the answer .
tr	I	The truth was I 't didn know if Kimber got out of hell or if she was still there .
tr	O	They rattled in the faint breeze .
tr	I	He have must known I would get texted tonight .
tr	I	Chapter Three The next morning I found back myself at Sophia 's mansion .
tr	O	My mother had noticed one of the peony vases .
tr	O	I 've got a friend who works there .
tr	I	Liam snapped enough for pictures a Town and Country layout .
tr	I	In the sudden horror of the second she could almost feel those other eyes grey piercing , waiting .
tr	I	' Seems I like should have gone right then .
tr	I	Yet , this felt bigger , him beyond personally .
tr	O	Jeff puffed out his chest at that .
tr	I	He trembled anticipation with .
tr	O	I still believe in God , I just don 't think He 's omnipotent .
tr	O	They 'd have to apprentice someone else to pick up the kitchen after him , though .
tr	O	I began to vomit violently and uncontrollably .
tr	O	Amy didn 't agree .
tr	I	She struggled but she managed finally to tap the button on her chest and then all went dark for her .
tr	O	He slammed his fist against the side of the van and shouted .
tr	O	Both felt , finding a man was the most important thing in life ; they were going to be a challenge .
tr	O	She was the most optimistic , dynamic person I knew .
tr	O	Liz 's doubt was apparent even in the poor light but she closed her eyes and held out her empty hand .
tr	O	He 'd hardly spoken to her in the past few days , and he seemed to be avoiding her .
tr	I	His black brows rise high , the and edges point down over his green eyes .
tr	O	They filed in one after another .
tr	I	His voice caused alone Goosebumps to shiver down Willow 's arms .
tr	I	When I 'd seen that his father was dark brown in coloring it surprised had me .
tr	I	Was a he Fairy ?
tr	I	But that was enough introspection one for night .
tr	O	As dirt spurting from the drifting rear wheels , we emerged from the turn , I realised we were actually going to finish in third place .
tr	O	Nothing , they were gone .
tr	O	It gave me great peace rather than frighten me because it showed me that I would have a loving family and peace and happiness into old age .
tr	O	I said as soon as I picked up .
tr	O	We had traveled a km or so past the destination before the overloaded vehicle managed to skid to a stop .
tr	I	At least it would been have warm .
tr	I	She towards walked the living room door .
tr	I	The drink recipes she 's come up are with going to make this whole Tea company idea work , and work big .
tr	I	Her voice was quiet , a product of the breath shallow beneath her broken ribcage .
tr	O	When it came to ice cream , I was always game .
tr	O	The door at the very top opened and Stefan 's head came out .
tr	I	They lay together until the light the in sky made it impossible to stay awake .
tr	I	We through talked the in-flight movie .
tr	I	And she knew the stark truth ... I 'd for kill him .
tr	I	Julie gave a smile to Lea and started to embarrassed feel about going off like that .
tr	O	Straight over my head that one .
tr	O	The car strolled down the street .
tr	O	His wide mouth was held in a straight line , a suggestion of sourness about it .
tr	O	How could she possibly compete with her ?
tr	I	Her eyes locked are right in my direction too , even though she can 't see me .
tr	O	He gave me the eyeball , but I think it 's funny .
tr	O	His Scottish brogue was fighting to break through the words .
tr	I	But I had feeling a I knew where he 'd gone ... and why .
tr	O	A pang of sorrow strikes my heart , and I remember how miserable and melancholy he was when I left home .
tr	I	My slipped fingers over the door handle .
tr	O	He grinned to himself , thoroughly enjoying having to beg to get her to even pretend to marry him .
tr	O	Their eyes met , and Max felt an uncomfortable stirring in the pit of his belly .
tr	O	There was no way in hell he 'd stand by and allow this to go unaddressed .
tr	I	I studied the young woman whose emerald eyes green boldly settled on me .
tr	I	' These rumours just fly around , don 't ... they ' ' My lord , people talk , ' said Slant wearily .
tr	O	The man looked back up the hill where his partner waited at the tent .
tr	I	And I skilled am in the business of death .
tr	O	Oh , but I had !
tr	O	And the first three digits of each telephone number indicate that they most probably share the same office .
tr	O	They were in a very large , open room -- apparently in the building at the center of Zone Zero .
tr	O	Your wife told me that you were kind enough to bring me back here when I fainted on the Midway .
tr	O	He hugged each man in turn .
tr	O	He threw Thomas at the opposite wall with such force Thomas knocked over a nightstand and a chair before splintering a clothing rack on the opposite wall .
tr	I	She retreated a few steps she until could just see across the street .
tr	I	I hugged arms my tightly around myself , wanting to weep when there was no moisture left in my body to make the tears .
tr	I	You obviously 't don get it .
tr	I	You fantasize what about you want to happen .
tr	O	The heavy got in and seconds later Johnny stood alone .
tr	I	He met Louis again in February 1477 , when he was appointed ambassador the to French court .
tr	I	Stephanie her closed eyes and dropped her head .
tr	I	I picture the scars I 'll understand never .
tr	O	Gray didn 't argue .
tr	I	He pointed at me before turning his finger himself on .
tr	O	People who could come after Mary Ann and Aden .
tr	O	So let 's make that happen .
tr	I	I didn respond 't .
tr	O	Maybe , she conceded .
tr	I	Just an uninspired puff of flame and a brief column of gray smoke that blew away in the below wind the first platform .
tr	I	The helicopter span through the clouds mists and and they now are seeing the greenish island .
tr	O	I 'm really worried now .
tr	O	Resting on the blanket , we watched the sun slowly melt into oranges and purples until it sizzled against the ocean .
tr	O	Her certainty that Danny and Calvin could and should make it sparked a belief that she 'd do anything to help them .
tr	I	If he couldn 't sleep , she knew it was rough a ride .
tr	O	He seated himself on Cammie 's other side , carefully positioning the tray in front of her .
tr	I	I loved seeing myself through eyes your .
tr	O	Mud clouded the waters near the center of the creek and air bubbles boiled to the surface .
tr	I	I punched the pillow with my and hand grabbed my cell .
tr	I	And , came another thought , this a one little more subtle , but much to the point : wasn 't any death the easy way out ?
tr	O	She had never backed down from any confrontation .
tr	I	He didn answer 't .
tr	I	She is the one insisted who Skyler remain indoors and without the stress of company .
tr	O	Chapter Fourteen Redemption Max arrives the next morning , sharply dressed with a three piece suit and tie .
tr	O	She 'd easily adapted to the job and was becoming quite knowledgeable about the menu , the food , and the combinations .
tr	O	I nodded slightly , trying to keep my heart beating normally as I felt his arm tucked under mine .
tr	I	He remembered how excited Sadie and had Jack been , too .
tr	O	Did she real y belong to a race of creatures that was at war with what Jem and Will were ?
tr	O	Tequila watched the road for one more minute .
tr	I	They were soon passed by , on the way a to fine grove of beeches , where the archers found plenty of marks .
tr	I	After that I much felt better .
tr	I	She remembered the dream the of Pacific and of her parents .
tr	O	Dyson raised his head and waved .
tr	I	Looks you like were just grazed .
tr	I	When it did , there be would no going back .
tr	O	My stomach made itself very noticeable by growling loudly .
tr	I	I slipped arm my around his waist and he put his around me and I cuddled up to him on the long drive back .
tr	I	Sophie 's eyes glow and I know look that well .
tr	I	He is a but friend he is much more interesting than all my friends at school .
tr	I	So she Michael ignored , refusing to see him , ignoring his summonses and generally pushing herself harder than she 'd ever worked before .
tr	O	I must have been waving for too long , because my mother 's voice broke through my train of thought .
tr	I	There are sirens nearby , closer drawing .
tr	I	Shane managed to his bring focus to Nick 's face .
tr	O	That was , supposedly , until recently .
tr	O	I expect her to laugh along with me , or tell me to knock it off , but instead she beams mischievously .
tr	O	I knew he did ; the proof of his desire was hot against my palm .
tr	I	We disconnected , and I hoped words my were true .
tr	O	This internal feeling was completely new to Trapper and as surprising as anything he had ever experienced .
tr	O	There might have been a hint of a smile there , but it was more a look of satisfaction than anything else .
tr	O	It was dark and foreboding , as it had been that day he had lost Kathy .
tr	O	It really was a tropical paradise .
tr	I	I sort 'm of small .
tr	O	' It will be a problem for me if I arrive without you , ' he drawled pointedly .
tr	O	For whatever reasons the Magistrate Council had seen it fit to covertly conspire to engineer this emergency .
tr	O	Everything beyond Seth was fuzzy .
tr	I	Why would I after go them ?
tr	I	Simon chanted again everyone and held their breath .
tr	I	Next came emigration on a coffin ship , a coffin carry to Dan 's remains .
tr	I	Sometimes I would get so lonely , I just would long to hear an Irish voice again .
tr	I	We all went back to the dressing room before heading out the to bus .
tr	I	Both Marlon and Mr. nearly Lonely knocked him down in their rush to stop him .
tr	I	And his then head descended .
tr	I	When romantic getaways becoming were a stale subject , Todd began to create suspenseful tales of him and Paulette .
tr	O	We furtively looked on rooms filled with students hearing of anatomy , medicine and astronomy .
tr	O	Wine sloshed from his glass as he held the decanter in the other hand .
tr	O	He loomed over me .
tr	O	Liza didn 't want to continue this conversation anymore , but she didn 't want to be rude either .
tr	O	When he inhaled , he could smell the luscious scent of her body and remember the feel of her soft skin as he breathed her in deep .
tr	O	Talking made me feel better , and not so alone .
tr	O	I brushed a trembling hand through my hair and moistened my lips .
tr	I	But , I was still a coward because I had faced never him .
tr	I	There is a huge on reward you !
tr	I	So what he did with your money a is mystery .
tr	O	She would have given me Phillip ... or she said she would have .
tr	I	Do understand you me ?
tr	O	Chloe sings his name like a desperate song that 's been over rehearsed .
tr	I	Zack stops what he 's doing and lunges the for bed .
tr	O	He gave a quick wink to Kerri and then got into the sedan .
tr	O	There had been so much life and love inside of her .
tr	O	I 'd be a fool if I thought he didn 't have a past .
tr	O	My mother pushed the door open and turned on the light .
tr	O	Although they followed a winding path they made good time .
tr	I	Which was a good thing , since heard I zero of what my teachers where talking about .
tr	O	she remembered reading the text sent from her husband who was already at work that day .
tr	I	Once again surprised she him .
tr	O	I only take the bus going to school , but walk home after school with Poindexter .
tr	O	Something is wedged against the other side .
tr	O	Then she walks back to where he is sitting and puts down a basin containing water .
tr	O	I trail off awkwardly .
tr	I	And once we here finish , I 'm going after Izzy .
tr	I	I waited until he was still visible but far enough down and his unpacking own stuff before I started removing my clothes .
tr	O	I 've been on the bus by myself before . '
tr	O	When I 'm done this you can tell me to leave , and I promise to respect that decision .
tr	I	Not close too to the guard and not too far either .
tr	O	Spencer had come to the party with Kelsey , and it was obvious the two of them were on something .
tr	O	And then the truth broke out .
tr	I	His uncle chuckled , the not sound at all reassuring .
tr	I	Rachel 's body trembled wildly her as mind searched for answers .
tr	O	Their silent ride back to base with a farmer and two turkey sandwiches had been tense , silent and full of regrets .
tr	I	His eyes open flew .
tr	I	Finally arriving , he pounded on the door Fortune as answered .
tr	O	At a glance she might have mistaken it for sugar .
tr	O	If that is true , just how much will this man remember from an event that happened seventy nine years ago ?
tr	I	They were there never long enough for me to know them .
tr	I	Or bragged about so him .
tr	O	I simply did not have a choice .
tr	O	She sat up , swung around and dropped her feet to the floor .
tr	I	Skull laughed wickedly , gesturing her servants leave to .
tr	O	Unless ... Suddenly , the image from the video fluttered through her mind once more .
tr	O	- Mia , nothing in this world will change my love for you , but I cannot change the world in the way I would like .
tr	O	As I did our hands touched and I felt my stomach turn .
tr	I	He winked at her , then and turned away .
tr	I	It was another anchor reality to .
tr	O	Alexandra , was seated in the front row , her legs crossed and looking forwards .
tr	I	Do you think 're you ready ?
tr	I	She was dressed alert and .
tr	I	Three and brothers one sister .
tr	I	He turned on his heel and stalked out the of kitchen .
tr	O	Clearly , this wasn 't something she wanted to discuss .
tr	O	Buildings appeared to be deserted .
tr	I	Without consent her , her hips bucked upward from the cushioned couch .
tr	O	' Be careful , ' one of the Hunters murmured to his companions .
tr	O	Clem nodded and turned back to the window , awaiting three quick blinks of a flashlight that was his signal to pull up to the dock .
tr	I	Even righteous indignation couldn 't her keep stomach at a standstill long enough for her to make her point .
tr	I	In this small town , I probably shouldn 't have been surprised she was here , standing my in living room .
tr	O	She wanted to jinx Morgan so badly she could almost taste it .
tr	I	She sensed his disappointment in her for her lack of faith in him , and that hurt more than if 'd he yelled at her .
tr	I	Brielle , Nat , and Kate are sharing room a with me .
tr	O	We should come see Rob with her .
tr	I	Otherwise all quiet was .
tr	I	She knew him loved and him , but he was a stranger .
tr	I	She very looks young for her age .
tr	I	This was love my life .
tr	O	Alethea fell into step beside him .
tr	I	I shook my vehemently head .
tr	I	she through yelled the door .
tr	I	I offer to it him .
tr	O	Then he glanced at her in the backseat .
tr	O	There were times where he wouldn 't even wake up for days .
tr	O	Can I open my mouth and say the words ?
tr	O	The next sessions of hands became an unending nightmare .
tr	O	When I realised this an hour later I said we would have to go back and get them !
tr	O	Sky spread the massive skin and began to work where Doc Planter was instructing him to focus his attention .
tr	O	Her voice sounded thin and tired to her own ears , but he flinched as if she 'd snapped at him .
tr	O	Regardless , he still hadn 't answered her question .
tr	I	Knowing that he knew about the drugs was bad enough , but having to see the pity his in eyes was something I couldn 't face .
tr	I	She didn 't want her around daughter Johnny .
tr	O	The feeling was vaguely familiar , but I couldn 't remember where or when I 'd experienced it before .
tr	O	I pointed out certain advantages to him .
tr	I	It wouldn 't do for daughter the of the bride to be hovering in the back .
tr	I	In its place was the same loneliness I 'd been swimming in for days , her eyes playful now somber and unsure .
tr	I	I wanted to lash out in anger , but my body was heavy unwilling and to move .
tr	I	' Stay , here strangers unknown ! '
tr	O	A technician in a white smock , hard hat , and respirator mask approached her .
tr	O	He takes his time , running his gaze up and down my body .
tr	O	Ah , right , like he was going to forget Chance .
tr	O	' He 'd say it 's fine . '
tr	O	She did not laugh .
tr	O	I should be home for a little bit tomorrow .
tr	I	To have him take the agents back to the alpha who was leading the wolves such on a rampage through the human population .
tr	I	Thoughts of having had Kathleen tortured him for years .
tr	I	Jack kissed me again once more and when I turned back as I down went the boarding hall , he was still watching me .
tr	I	I felt like bastard a , only thinking of one thing since the moment she 'd approached me .
tr	I	He arches one brow suggestively and I feel heat the of a blush break out in my cheeks .
tr	I	She was moving slowly stiffly and .
tr	O	The four suits are ranked during bidding but not during play , unless we name a trump suit in play .
tr	O	Zach pulled hard on the left oar to turn them right , toward the channel south , into the sun .
tr	I	He looks he like still blames himself for my needing to do service .
tr	I	Wil had always been fond of his mother , and so remained of her memory .
tr	I	Ryder 's locked jaw .
tr	O	He was testing you to see if you went for me thinking I was Delaware .
tr	I	The frantic sound of his mother voice 's jerked him fully awake .
tr	I	But why would he create such thing a ?
tr	O	I couldn 't control the way he made me feel or my inability to leave him .
tr	I	His chest swelled , his and eyes took on , for the first time , a pleased look .
tr	O	I 'm sure the Reverend Mr. Parris has tried to instruct her , but we must remember , she 's been influenced by the devil .
tr	O	He nodded , stretching out his legs in front of him .
tr	I	I wanted to believe this , why but would he ?
tr	O	Straight ahead we have the cockpit .
tr	I	We 're both undergoing a new experience here , you being interviewed and me doing interviewing the .
tr	O	He alone knew the truth .
tr	O	We must hold our post and keep the Ibis from the walls .
tr	O	Nothing else would ever do .
tr	I	Her pulse broke a into wild , absurd rhythm at his voice , and despite her best efforts , a warm sense of happiness settled over her .
tr	I	I 'd just my pulled hair into a wet ponytail this morning .
tr	I	I 'd been frozen with fear and doubt for so long , was I desperate for anything that could help keep my fire alive .
tr	I	They were at back the of the group and could talk amid the other voices and jostling without being overheard .
tr	O	He ain 't saying nothing but his Noise is screaming Cillian all over the place .
tr	I	This time I want all it .
tr	I	There , he could regroup decide and how best to reach Perm and his contact .
tr	I	Walking on the soft sand feels wonderful my on feet .
tr	I	Jolene , her and neat and tidy ways .
tr	O	Please report to Captain Fannin on the morrow .
tr	O	She closed the door behind her and stretched out her neck at just the right angle .
tr	O	I can no longer defend this house and those in it .
tr	O	asked her Mother offering her the open tin of powder covered confection .
tr	I	Beyond the firelight , the unicorns settled down the for night .
tr	I	Andrew breathed sharply in .
tr	I	With mournful reluctance , he ordered 'd the barn door closed to stave off the blizzard .
tr	O	Ray 's dead , and is probably wearing concrete boots by now .
tr	O	Now this was a real test .
tr	I	I had been expecting much something more primitive , like people demonstrating how to milk cows or yodel .
tr	I	After takeoff , Tori alone sat listening to her iPod .
tr	I	She almost wanted clap to her hands .
tr	I	Trying for nonchalant , I took a of swig beer .
tr	O	I drive Mel 's car back so she can eat easier , picking at my own fries as we go .
tr	O	The Lord Ruler ... he was just a delay .
tr	I	A canoe is made go to where other boats don 't go .
tr	O	Bring them to the company tower .
tr	I	I 'll take him to the beach , and by the time gets he home , he 'll be exhausted .
tr	I	He could present that particular talking of point Ashley 's proposed speech blindfolded with his hands behind his back .
tr	O	The guy everyone had always wanted , that every girl had fantasized about .
tr	O	There was a pause .
tr	O	And their terrible sound gave him a strange comfort .
tr	I	Tired of not knowing if she 'd made the right choice in coming work to for him .
tr	I	There came a gasp from the throng , equaled by the sound of the wind bursting McKenzie from 's lungs .
tr	I	Several pistols of varying sizes were lying in the drawer wrapped greasy in rags along with several pouches of powder and ammunition .
tr	O	He wiped his fingers on the paper napkin .
tr	I	I 't couldn resist her charm .
tr	O	Adrienne glanced out the window .
tr	O	Then I read it again .
tr	O	You 're all over the place and your voice is slurred .
tr	I	Light shined ahead ; Barton kept close to wall the .
tr	O	It 's depressing . '
tr	I	He waved a folded piece of at paper her and Shai took it in trembling hands .
tr	O	Melissa had instructed Chris to stop in front of a small farm house .
tr	I	The fog grew thicker , and it began to become very difficult to see anything anymore than twenty about feet ahead of us .
tr	O	Jenna had gotten quiet .
tr	O	She put my leather duster on , covering the blood .
tr	I	Maybe that was all he could to manage memorize .
tr	I	It took Camden a few to breaths realize Mal had stopped speaking .
tr	I	They were specially laminated and she took them out with care from a she cabinet had under the counter .
tr	O	Sandy shook his head .
tr	I	Tears pricked eyelids her .
tr	I	He and nodded stood .
tr	O	In extreme cases , if necessary I will with diligence do my utmost to thwart your every endeavor .
tr	I	In the alley a black dog nosing was through refuse .
tr	O	I left him and this will echo through all eternity .
tr	I	He laughed and walked back the to house .
tr	O	Had she traveled alone ?
tr	I	Then mouth his grazed hers .
tr	I	And the day next , I did the same things in the garage that I kept there .
tr	I	I know it sounds crazy , but I fell asleep and when I woke up I in was this place , this little office in this warehouse .
tr	O	Tears are flowing freely down my face and I feel the sweat breaking out on my forehead as I become more and more conscious of my injuries .
tr	I	Don condemn 't me !
tr	I	He has a black and red polo shirt on and a pair of pants cargo .
tr	O	Because I can tell you right now I 'm in no mood to be poked and prodded .
tr	I	Pate advanced his with knife .
tr	O	' Because it 's time to change .
tr	O	With every last drop of strength left in his body , Michael squeezed as hard as he could .
tr	I	It sat almost ten miles outside of town , but the were roads always empty and the highway stretched in a straight line .
tr	I	Lying down again , Alix tugged the sheet up over her shoulders and closed her eyes , determined go to back to sleep .
tr	O	He wouldn 't take rejection lightly and he had means to make someone disappear by his own admission .
tr	I	Painter 's went voice hard .
tr	I	His mind darted immediately to Lexi .
tr	I	Jumping onto bench her , I haul Rachel to her feet , press her against the wall and shield her with my body .
tr	O	But right now the safety of our other friends is paramount ! '
tr	I	It turned his harsh rather , almost cruel masculine features into something amazing .
tr	O	Who 's been stopped ?
tr	I	We finished our walk soon after this exchange , and I making am preparations for a day 's journey back to Glen Row , me and Colin .
tr	O	I love that about you .
tr	I	She had finished bandaging Hal leg 's and was in the process of removing his weapons belt .
tr	I	He turned it over and traced the lines her of palm before threading his fingers with hers .
tr	I	His locked jaw down .
tr	I	' That sort of talk them makes sick , ' they say .
tr	I	But based other on intelligence sources , I believe the experiment inserted an engineered protein into his genetic structure .
tr	I	The teachers would make him write one out twenty times and like a tyre with tread its worn out it would promptly skid out of his memory .
tr	O	He leaned against the wall near the elevator and crossed his arms .
tr	I	I couldn even 't accept the situation .
tr	O	I was lifting some weights when I looked up , and Ashlyn was standing over me .
tr	I	A breath of cold air later , were we standing on the lawn of Hex Hall .
tr	O	He showed little of the curiosity that Miles had at his age and it often seemed as if his mind was elsewhere .
tr	O	The noon crowd was quiet with each table engrossed in its own private talk .
tr	I	In spite of the woman old 's invitation , Gideon felt the threshold 's resistance as he stepped across it .
tr	I	There was no way was I going to fit half of the stuff I brought with me from home in here !
tr	I	My heart hurting was , and every time I thought about her , it broke just a little more .
tr	I	The man died before the came dome down .
tr	I	Emergency lights overhead flashed .
tr	I	I didn 't want to be a source of familial when discord they were already arguing .
tr	O	The sunshine was glistening on the fine hairs of his arm .
tr	O	Betty did the same .
tr	O	Was this incredibly stupid ?
tr	I	His tone with dripped contempt .
tr	O	I had always known .
tr	I	my mother 's came voice from behind us .
tr	I	I reached into my pocket and pulled my out money .
tr	I	Frustration in his eyes , the way cops get when they 're up snagged in lawyer stuff .
tr	O	his odd scratchy voice making it sound more like a wheeze than a chortle .
tr	O	Midday -- and we had only just got up .
tr	O	' There is one power , master elf , and it , being single , cannot be opposed .
tr	O	Brady was supposed to be leaving for the coast today with his family .
tr	O	I stood back and watched as a grin slowly overtook Tyler 's face .
tr	I	Albert one placed disc over the first hole and the second disc over the other hole .
tr	I	Was I to supposed smile ?
tr	O	They were anxious to see who the suspect was .
tr	I	They saw their opportunity when Bradford an placed advertisement in the newspaper looking for help in his mortgage company .
tr	I	You were starting to look gray in there and I could barely your see real face .
tr	I	I on was the brink of sleep when door creaked open .
tr	I	You what know she said ?
tr	O	It hides behind your fear .
tr	I	I not did bother to dial the house again .
tr	O	I take some deep breaths .
tr	O	When she smiled and nodded eagerly .
tr	I	But when the door opened it wasn 't a potential client who through walked the door but the woman who had turned her life upside down .
tr	O	Mike and Cara settled into chairs across from the judge .
tr	I	I asked , a clutching dozen red roses .
tr	I	She hung up the phone at the reception desk and drifted like a ghost through bright hospital hallways with lit yellow fluorescent light .
tr	I	She patted his forehead , he which found annoying .
tr	I	She set it on the kitchen desk , next the to charger station .
tr	O	Hank shook his head .
tr	O	Doc studied the bones .
tr	I	I 'd also forgotten the huge , crush unrequited she had on March the last time we stopped here .
tr	O	Ted didn 't look back .
tr	O	I stood up and walked over to him .
tr	O	Maybe that 's what she wants .
tr	I	Her arguments were the same ones he 'd been hearing for years , frankly and , he didn 't want to hear them again .
tr	I	Gabriel reached hand a around the chain and hauled himself back up on his feet , to Nolen 's astonishment .
tr	I	Out of the corner of my eye I see Tris stiffen , chafing against the reminder that our lives been have on camera .
tr	I	I and whimper writhe beneath Calder .
tr	O	It really was incredible , but I knew I couldn 't appreciate it right now .
tr	I	The hopeful swagger of a man who would his achieve goal at any cost .
tr	I	A sharp click was followed by the dial in tone her ear .
tr	I	Her constricted muscles around me , so tight it was all I could feel , her entire body taut .
tr	I	I an know inn .
tr	O	We spend the rest of the afternoon debriefing from our jumps .
tr	I	Nina turned right onto Lincoln and sped toward Camelback Mountain , its prominent humps over towering the city .
tr	O	Which meant someone took him .
tr	I	And when you in sit on our conversations with them , you will be better informed than you are now .
tr	I	You are not great , you though could have prevented a thing so great that Deep Heaven sees it with amazement .
tr	I	She inside peered , bracing to see Graham , but instead only the cop and Jeremy were there .
tr	I	Dex This time around , dying didn hurt 't .
tr	O	A stench went with it , a cross between smoke and mint .
tr	I	He 'd it seen ?
tr	O	She focused on it .
tr	O	They were al so well taken care of here .
tr	O	A lot of the money benefited the Prime Minister personally and more went to causes important to him .
tr	I	We just wait until the wagons and animals are in the deepest part of the channel and committed , and we then let the logs go .
tr	I	I cluck my and tongue trot onto the practice track .
tr	O	She 'd never be able to entrap him again .
tr	O	I wanted to reach out and comfort her , but I was afraid of her reaction .
tr	O	Whatever we do to the web , we do to ourselves .
tr	O	He 's strong ... so strong .
tr	O	And fighting for our lives was exactly what we were doing .
tr	O	In all the emotional drama , she 'd forgotten about her parent 's visit in April .
tr	O	It is right around the corner .
tr	O	This book is part one that covers his early years from May 1943 until he leaves New Zealand to head for Australia in March 1988 .
tr	I	I nodded laughed and .
tr	I	Then I 'll go down hunt these barbed creatures .
tr	I	And it 's not to about go away .
tr	O	We may try to lie and cheat but what if he sends one of His Five Shadows to our gates ?
tr	I	Marshall pushes between Gage and me , ignoring completely the fact Logan is speaking and glides into an easy grin .
tr	I	Abby picked up the handset on bedside her table .
tr	O	The engine cowl still was ominously empty .
tr	I	So was he like her .
tr	I	Anger rose in her throat but controlled she it .
tr	I	Caden 's deep voice echoed the through station as he hopped up onto the platform .
tr	O	And I trust you .
tr	O	The man stepped closer , shouting right in her face , making her jump back in fright .
tr	O	' Perhaps it 's broken ? '
tr	O	We left hand in hand , looking like every other normal couple in the country .
tr	I	And he 't didn want to do that .
tr	O	She didn 't wait for his response but turned to go back into the building instead .
tr	O	Thomas still didn 't understand why she was being so touchy with him .
tr	I	Luciana smiled wickedly and met Kira 's in eyes the mirror .
tr	I	This led to the married men fluttering their hands animatedly in front of themselves as if to wipe away suggestion any of involvement .
tr	O	Then I stood by .
tr	I	' It 's right not , ' Meatball continued .
tr	I	She 'd had always trouble holding her animal shape for long periods of time .
tr	I	Did I put on it too tight ?
tr	I	Who had showed at up his office unannounced ?
tr	I	After Mitch had made his announcement about possible their new jobs , Sylvie had looked straight to Finn .
tr	I	She begins to take mine off .
tr	O	After thinking about it for a moment , I nodded to Rigo .
tr	I	Something passed behind Julie 's eyes ... something that looked suspiciously disappointment like .
tr	I	They not are looking to point the finger of blame .
tr	O	asked Caleb once they were all inside the shuttle .
tr	I	Fell twice , too , but 't didn hurt myself .
tr	I	The air under the trees was cool , making the climb bit a more tolerable .
tr	O	The farm was eerily quiet , covered in fresh snow and not occupied by a single soul other than myself .
tr	I	As I took a left along the waterfront I looked over shoulder my and saw it pull out to follow me .
tr	I	I heard a loud again shriek and looked up in the sky .
tr	I	Maurice gave her a stare long .
tr	I	Maybe it wouldn 't solve any this of , but it would sure as hell make him feel better .
tr	I	He felt an angel near him , though dare he not lift his head as this could be looked upon as a brash act .
tr	O	They could stay in bed all afternoon and picnic naked .
tr	O	He shakes his head .
tr	O	No matter how many times she heard it , the story always broke Luna 's heart all over again .
tr	O	Liv was suddenly there , in the cool ocean air .
tr	O	The heart shaped face is pale , making the lips look dark pink .
tr	I	It Jess tried something like that , the guitar would have went sailing through air the .
tr	I	That 's it what is .
tr	I	I wasn 't born on Earth ... know you that .
tr	I	She ran fingertip a across my chin , her eyes trained on my lips .
tr	O	Then she looked back at him with humor in her eyes .
tr	I	They froze , both horribly looking guilty , she was sure .
tr	O	The End Prologue 123 A.D. .
tr	I	Gray into stepped the room .
tr	O	Shannon 's heart broke at the sight of him weeping .
tr	I	Bruce put arm his around her shoulders .
tr	O	Dmitri ran over to the broken automaton , eyes wide and ignoring his brother 's questions about his wellbeing .
tr	O	I decided then and there it would never happen to me .
tr	O	He sent someone to kill us .
tr	I	For her ... a little ran shiver down her spine ... it had been so long , and she wasn 't dazzled by him this time .
tr	I	Besides , the raiders only hit the farmsteads outer .
tr	I	Of course , whereas mine had been cheap lightweight and , these were industrial-strength steel ones , like cops would use .
tr	I	I couldn 't what allow hurt me to influence my decisions anymore .
tr	I	I in stand the same place with my face filled up with confusion .
tr	I	Tattoo Guy fidgeted with the change in his pocket , then at squinted him .
tr	O	No need to go into details .
tr	O	I asked him if he liked pain .
tr	O	She didn 't see anyone at all .
tr	I	And didn you 't hesitate .
tr	O	I 've seen the tears , the heartache , and the pathetic begging .
tr	O	Sprays of crystal dispersed the light of a thousand candles in colors across drifts and wreaths of flowers .
tr	O	Pain radiated through the side of my face , but somehow , I managed to gather my senses .
tr	I	Let 's put in this perspective .
tr	I	What happened today will reshape world the .
tr	I	They absorbed were by his core .
tr	I	Enforce hated it if got they sent there because it was a move in the wrong direction .
tr	I	I my closed eyes , picturing him in my bed that morning .
tr	I	Not mention to someone willing to listen or learn .
tr	O	We ate a relaxed breakfast and neither of us were city ready , still in our lounging clothes .
tr	O	The familiar route took him past the Scar .
tr	I	I 'm only thirteen , what crazy marries person that young ?
tr	I	She needed his more strength than sappy words .
tr	O	Teresa put her spear on the ground , then pulled her backpack off and dug through its contents .
tr	I	* * * The service was heart-felt , the with priest offering thoughts on life interspersed with his homily .
tr	O	The HR team had a new intern , a girl named Sally .
tr	O	His hair was damp and curling around his ears .
tr	I	The water was freezing suddenly .
tr	O	It was in places like this that eternity happened .
tr	O	A single window let in soft light , and the air that drifted in , was surprisingly warm .
tr	I	The kids had headed to that room after straight tea .
tr	I	Brooke over dashed and wrapped her arms around Annie .
tr	O	She still had tears on her face , but she spoke unwaveringly .
tr	O	Steven glanced up and saw that his sister had started passing out the cake .
tr	O	Was he really , finally , truly going to be one of them ?
tr	I	I repressed an roll eye .
tr	I	The soldier young smiled .
tr	I	Ashley climbed the rear entrance toward steps the only real home she 'd ever known while crickets chirped .
tr	O	The door closed and Nick swore until he had no energy left .
tr	O	Charlie swatted her table .
tr	I	Maybe can I convince Kincaid that this would be a good thing for the firm .
tr	I	John tipped a of handful diodes into his glove .
tr	O	' You got IT ! '
tr	O	It 's form fitting .
tr	I	He me kisses tenderly and whispers .
tr	O	She groped behind her for the open door as Clark cursed and yanked the transmission down into drive .
tr	O	The bullet just kissed me thanks to you .
tr	I	Something like a smile illuminates his face mangled .
tr	O	You are my mate .
tr	I	He thought about what Seth had said and Tony 's first run-in with trouble at the mall , caught being boisterous and mall insulting employees .
tr	I	Was waiting he for her to stop him ?
tr	I	She turned , face flushed from the steam , eyes glittering with a determination so Iona fierce couldn 't believe it could be defeated .
tr	I	Then he the changed subject .
tr	I	Elyssa ignored and him left the room .
tr	O	But Texas was out of my reach , out of my control .
tr	O	We agreed that a week would give Samuel time enough to arrange a sit-in .
tr	I	We 're standing so close our are shoulders practically touching .
tr	I	Still , she knew now her that dad would definitely want to know if a gnome lived in the woods beyond their back yard .
tr	O	I wasn 't prepared for what happened next .
tr	I	Chairman had Z to be careful .
tr	I	Nate dashed away down Greenway , the in same direction the homeless stranger had run .
tr	I	The way she him defended when she thought he couldn 't hear her .
tr	I	He looked up at sky the wishing there was something more he could be doing .
tr	I	I could hear monitors the getting excited again .
tr	I	At length , fell she into a fitful sleep , only to be awakened by a nightmare .
tr	I	Why he would want her to stay here , with him ?
tr	I	It gave me a small thrill delight of .
tr	O	Will have to tell me more when we talk next .
tr	O	The brick sank into the wall followed by a deep , rumbling sound .
tr	I	Nothing ever motivated my father like the sight of a child torn in footwear , and he was off to his workshop like a shot .
tr	I	CHAPTER 19 Fernando 's mother was surprised to see him come home alone and flew down track the towards him .
tr	O	Cami 's smile gets wider and Trick 's grin stretches from ear to ear .
tr	O	Hopefully he will continue to feel me .
tr	O	This wasn 't supposed to happen .
tr	O	And broke both his legs ?
tr	O	I want you to put the car into reverse and floor it , ' he explained calmly .
tr	O	Ronan 's breath came fast , but it was healthy breathing , and the blood around the wound had dried .
tr	I	But that was where I thought those fancies remain would , locked tightly away in my head .
tr	I	The flames below turned us it into molten gold .
tr	I	Nikki tossed her purse on the bed , shrugging out her of jacket .
tr	I	The front gate screeched open on its rusty hinges allow to him entrance .
tr	O	This time , however , Dryden had released Daniel 's leg and gripped onto his trailing broken arm .
tr	O	I didn 't understand what he meant because it was the trident that killed Eve .
tr	I	One of side her mouth quirks into a smile .
tr	O	When she was right next to him , she took a deep breath .
tr	I	I said , as I admired every item saw I .
tr	I	She turned back to the lining rooms the hall .
tr	I	She had eyes green .
tr	I	They had of course done a brief survey the of mansion , just enough to ensure it was as abandoned as it had first appeared .
tr	O	If so , they might not even be here in York anymore .
tr	I	He grinned at his joke own .
tr	O	And it 's only the beginning .
tr	I	My drifted eyes to my distant invisible captor .
tr	O	Now he was getting all stiff and huffy .
tr	O	I think we want to talk .
tr	O	As Steve and Ron begin to wave back , the girls break into wonderful flirting smiles .
tr	I	Because I know what 'll I taste .
tr	O	She placed the papers in a folder and set it aside .
tr	I	Sam requested a bourbon and the waiter immediately some poured into a crystal glass .
tr	O	The electron is thought to be only a vibration in the ether .
tr	I	I was of tired hurting myself .
tr	I	No one could keep themselves from staring at the new scar that gracing was the left side of my face .
tr	I	a voice second demanded .
tr	O	It didn 't seem a very friendly greeting but the man was genuinely trying to include Daniel ... perhaps because there was no one else .
tr	O	A gold silk scarf decorated with a single red cross draped the width of the table .
tr	I	While she tried to work out how to say all this in words that 't wouldn offend a king , he continued .
tr	O	Just get it done .
tr	I	A protective was streak a common trait for all her sons .
tr	O	She rolled over onto her side , and tried to relax -- which was about as easy as lying on a bed of broken glass .
tr	O	Doors were flung open around him , chatter spilled into the halls as students emerged .
tr	I	Lucas looked up , a smile small spreading across his lips as he saw the bemused look on the boy 's face .
tr	I	There was something off about nonchalance the the Devil displayed .
tr	O	You 're going to have to be careful .
tr	O	If that 's even possible .
tr	I	The market crashed ; Hitler rose ; the and Ambassador found himself on the wrong side of history .
tr	I	Tennis courts , houses pool , and miles of fencing .
tr	O	Madeline crossed the room and clasped Kate 's upper arms .
tr	I	They finished had dinner .
tr	I	At the thought , Tamara a felt twist in her stomach .
tr	I	An unmistakable bled panic into Murdock 's features as their gazes locked over the brawling crowd .
tr	I	I wouldn 't want you guys get to in trouble .
tr	I	He would have in slept the kitchen if a bed would have fit in Charles ' .
tr	I	He hesitated briefly relinquishing before the cigarettes .
tr	I	She finds a nice orange purse style case little with red and green flowers imprinted in the fabric .
tr	O	He slipped two fingers up inside me , and began stroking my G Spot while he sucked on my clit .
tr	I	Hey , would you to like stay for lunch ?
tr	O	I thought what better way to do it and burn off stress than have some time at the tennis court at Town Park .
tr	O	I have trouble visualizing that .
tr	O	The doors to the tram shut with a hiss and the tram glides away from the docking area with surprising speed .
tr	I	If he 'd dragged us off , we 've could been charged with the murder of that guy you killed .
tr	O	You and me , we could be the real deal .
tr	O	She stared toward him until the glass castle was a sparkling speck in the distance .
tr	O	I had just scored a partnership .
tr	I	He was not completely sure of me yet , I and decided I would stay out of his way from then on .
tr	I	Your isn involvement 't necessary .
tr	O	There was no denying the need stamped plainly on my face .
tr	O	A bit of a joker by all accounts but clever .
tr	O	She locked her mouth to my wrist and started to pull , choking and gagging on the first few drops .
tr	O	Centuries ago this system was set up so that disputes with neighboring cultures of a higher order could be settled in a chosen form of competition .
tr	I	He winked and pulled her the out door .
tr	I	The well hero haired glanced down to see the bulb in his hands .
tr	O	Icarus wanted that child to run toward Castor and his dragon , but anyone with an ounce of self-preservation would have run and kept running .
tr	O	I felt tears welling in my eyes , but I wasn 't going to allow myself to cry .
tr	O	And then he 'll go after anyone who 's ever employed the services of a warlock .
tr	O	So we went alone .
tr	I	He had some concern that sailboat his might be in danger but decided that he had secured it properly .
tr	I	When I was in school , I used to dream about the day when I 'd be able afford to an apartment .
tr	I	The irises of their eyes were less noticeably etched in black , and the lesions slithering festering on their faces were less pronounced .
tr	O	Leaders giving in to their passions and committing horrendous acts .
tr	O	A few alighted and a few others boarded it .
tr	I	Without being asked , he would wash them and down groom them .
tr	I	Which was precisely why Victor had demanded the demon maintain a constant guard Juliet on since she 'd first captured his fancy .
tr	O	Cassidy kept her smile in place .
tr	O	Across the corridor , the opposite lift opened simultaneously .
tr	I	Everything inside him reacted to her words , including the of part him that needed to join with Lauren now .
tr	I	Any second now , the roots of mountain the would be wrenched .
tr	O	He reached over , smoothing his thumb along my lower lip .
tr	I	They have a lawyer ... or used they to .
tr	I	Dmitry leaned the against bar .
tr	O	It 's only natural .
tr	O	God , it was loud out here .
tr	I	All day long , I 'm surrounded by voices that tell me where I belong , what should I be doing , who I am .
tr	O	She didn 't like the way he was looking at her .
tr	O	Her body was splayed across the floor in the exact position she 'd landed in her faint .
tr	O	I yanked a large bone out and examined it .
tr	I	The guy I on work the Corvette with every day .
tr	I	Of course , that assuming was she still wanted him , too , an assumption that was , at this point , more than a little iffy .
tr	O	The higher floor , which housed the periodical section , was even busier than the first floor .
tr	I	The people around stood talking about why they came there .
tr	I	She 's going to in be Montana .
tr	I	That night lay she in my arms just like Abbi did now .
tr	I	He loved the way she him knew .
tr	I	My first day life of was her last .
tr	O	She took a deep breath before forcing herself to knock sharply .
tr	I	Shane said , noticing him but not his stopping routine .
tr	I	Bronson said with a bit of cockiness , in settling comfortably .
tr	I	Miranda reached out to touch her 's friend hand .
tr	O	He couldn 't die on top of everything else .
tr	O	Mike didn 't even have time to say hi .
tr	O	But then again , he had exhausted her before letting her sleep .
tr	O	The bowl of seeing .
tr	I	She completed her look new by pulling her hair back into a thick braid that fell halfway down her back .
tr	I	She was working hard to overcome that squeamish feeling in the pit of her stomach each time they took the wolves to out hunt .
tr	I	He turned the lock , nudging the door open and inside peering .
tr	I	The tiger diverted her the from fun .
tr	O	We should probably go before Jules destroys the whole place .
tr	O	Spalding liked the idea of a contract arrangement because it was so easy to hide off-the-record investigations that way .
tr	O	Jackson gave me an indulgent smile and obliged , grabbing a beer and turning on a baseball game in the living room .
tr	O	Not like they sold at Miller 's General in town .
tr	O	There was a stunned silence from Jonas .
tr	I	I 'm human only .
tr	O	He answered the phone on the first ring , and I was glad that he was always available .
tr	I	With his new emotions , Nicolas felt for despair them .
tr	O	I see my husband , Matt standing by the bed .
tr	O	As I stared at her , an angel lowered himself from the sky .
tr	O	He concluded by stopping at my door and placing his hand on his chest .
tr	O	I spotted a few dead humans , and others were shouting and moaning beneath the rubble .
tr	O	Jacob opened the Manila envelope and pulled out five slips of paper .
tr	I	Pressing against him , I my swung arms around his neck .
tr	I	What are all these other women differently doing ?
tr	O	Then he looked up .
tr	O	She merely walked up to me and started to introduce herself to me while she placed her hand on my arm .
tr	I	I my focus attention on George who has begun to look uncomfortable .
tr	O	We park the truck next to the plastic tent we left set up overnight .
tr	I	His lip bottom quivered twice .
tr	I	He begun had to scrub the side of his face with his hand again .
tr	O	I realize he just gave me a clue .
tr	I	A tear runs down my cheek , and I rub it away I as pull into the parking lot .
tr	I	She had basically blackmailed Hadley into allowing her stay to .
tr	I	Her face blank went .
tr	O	I hated myself for wanting the precious commodity of time to be wasted .
tr	O	Would he say anything to me ?
tr	O	She took a quick shower and dressed in her favorite jeans with a pale yellow blouse .
tr	I	the elderly woman doubtfully asked .
tr	O	She glanced up at Carmine and raised her eyebrows .
tr	I	He wiped gently it away .
tr	I	Jeff walked over and counted ants the .
tr	I	Caroline looked at Kim before answering , ' I think I will go and some make tea for everyone .
tr	I	He licks from front to back and then back again and then sucks my cl * t into his hot mouth I and come completely undone .
tr	I	Maybe would I even be blamed for his disappearance .
tr	I	With George Thorogood rasping about the day he was born , Cael walked around the side of the large house the toward shadowy line of trees .
tr	O	The music switched from slow and romantic to a pulsing beat .
tr	O	I might be able to find them . '
tr	O	Beth wasn 't quite sure what happened next .
tr	O	Celaena turned on her side , and would have gladly fallen asleep again were it not for the metal that cut into her palm .
tr	O	A woman 's voice comes through from the other end that sounds familiar , yet I can 't place it .
tr	O	It doesn 't budge .
tr	O	He waved for a boy to bring him a stool .
tr	I	Her groped mind for the words to explain .
tr	O	Such questions would be considered rude even above the Mason-Dixon Line .
tr	O	' Unique to Cristina , ' Anton replied , eyes like green granite as he flicked them over her loose hair and her casual T-shirt and jeans .
tr	O	The room was almost empty , except for two vampires performing routine cleaning and maintenance .
tr	I	And maybe you right 're that people in town would overlook all this if I gave it up .
tr	I	- I 't can reach my doll on my shelf .
tr	I	His navy moved gaze to Annabelle , slithered over her body and mentally removed her clothing .
tr	I	We have a still long way to go . '
tr	O	She was so scrupulously clean and sweet-smelling .
tr	O	Behind Jake , Angela saw Tabitha frown slightly - which in turn unsettled her a little .
tr	O	Hanna clicked off the TV as the morning news moved on to a story about an E. coli scare in local grocery store lettuce .
tr	I	Dave in said an apologetic tone .
tr	I	She despised people who simply or exaggerated , even worse , spoke wicked lies of deception .
tr	O	I stare at the ceiling , looking at the stars and the moons that were painted on it .
tr	O	Channing had done everything he could to make sure that Hudson lost the fight .
tr	O	He lowered his mouth to hers again .
tr	O	I don 't dare move , even though everyone around us is dancing .
tr	O	The cobwebs she saw in her dreams lay around everywhere .
tr	O	The shadows on the porch were too deep .
tr	O	The device that Sun Good had inserted into our laptop was copying everything off of our hard drive .
tr	I	I know you well enough to know you 're doing because this you think it 's in my best interests .
tr	O	With considerable effort , Alanna smoothed her features and tried to approach the situation in a more civilized tone .
tr	O	If I could put a ring on her finger right now , I would , but I don 't think she would consider that to be slow .
tr	O	Then Michael stirred awake from a dream which pulled Amber from sleep as well .
tr	O	' You remember I told you the four Canons existed separately , never touching ? '
tr	O	To his knowledge his wife had never been involved in drugs or blackmail or any unscrupulous activity of any kind , and their kids were just kids .
tr	O	I wondered to myself if he knew about Libby and the baby , but I wasn 't about to bring up the subject .
tr	O	The Guardians were running for the woods .
tr	O	Quarrel looked genuinely startled .
tr	O	And considering Hannah 's warning that the killer was here , Kylie wasn 't about to let down her guard .
tr	I	Gap played with Winkler 's phone after a while and got somebody answer to his call .
tr	I	The priest squinted hard at the door and sniffed air the , his nose twitching as if in imitation of Hai Hai 's .
tr	O	But they were always far , far away from where they had lived originally .
tr	I	Recently my typical yearnings for escape had become thwarted by varying degrees guilt of .
tr	O	I needed to do some more poking around .
tr	I	For the moment Samara was glad he had not made it to the of rear the trailer .
tr	I	I didn 't an have answer .
tr	I	Don 't him give anything else .
tr	O	His face ironed out .
tr	I	Arn gazed into steadily Andra eyes .
tr	I	They 'd given up relationship their to keep me safe , and even though their lies still pissed me off , I could almost understand the deception .
tr	O	Warm , sweet pleasure flooded through her , making her knees weak and her head spin .
tr	I	He was good so at betraying and killing people , so why hadn 't he killed her ?
tr	I	And a Moor , with Christian a vocation .
tr	I	' Oh , I will , will I . '
tr	I	He met others , some that might have been good friends under other circumstances , but none of them could get past that wall had he built .
tr	I	It was as though my own very ears had deceived me .
tr	O	We looked out for each other .
tr	I	What she would do if he touched her in an intimate way ?
tr	I	They went away for the weekend to Italy to have some alone time from away the press .
tr	O	I stared into his eyes thoughtfully , trying to think of how we could escalate the situation .
tr	O	He was a lucky man and he vowed to do his best to make her happy .
tr	O	We 're going ... going ... shit .
tr	O	No villainous figure lurking in the shadows .
tr	I	Her gentle smile stirred the butterflies in stomach my .
tr	I	He leapt to his feet as the realization hit , his blood roaring so he loudly could scarcely hear past it .
tr	I	you scared of he what might do ?
tr	I	A tarpaulin overhead provided shade from the equatorial sun , while her beside stood a scarred wooden table surrounded by several chairs .
tr	O	He put out one sentence at a time , carefully hit a key word , and let the audience do what audiences do in those situations .
tr	O	Why , they were rising into the sky !
tr	O	We had some prime entertainment in this town .
tr	I	' But what I did do ? '
tr	O	' And that doesn 't strike you as being a little odd ? ' '
tr	O	- Earl Balfour I watch the car bearing Victoria move away from me until it turns the corner at the driveway and disappears from view .
tr	O	What made this so difficult was her face .
tr	O	It took her mind a second to compute what she was looking at in the reflection .
tr	I	That night , I knew you it were for me .
tr	O	Kissing my check , they are gone instantly .
tr	O	George didn 't care , his relief was overwhelming .
tr	I	He walked too fine a line between what wrong was and right ?
tr	O	On opening his eyes again at dawn , he found them focused on a Leprechaun who had approached along a nearby limb , apparently investigating him .
tr	I	Seeing as there wasn anything 't on earth powerful enough to take down Savannah Snow .
tr	O	Anybody 'd think twice before they 'd mess with Kat , though .
tr	O	A small figure stood silhouetted by the sun .
tr	O	Not his brother , but he could see that Jamie was none too pleased with him either .
tr	O	He gave me one of those penetrating looks that Patience liked to favor me with .
tr	I	A relieved expression overcame her and she rushed to take one of the bags from him , rifling through with it moans and grunts of hunger .
tr	O	He set the phone next to him on the carpet , a myriad of painful emotions taking turns jabbing him with sharp sticks .
tr	I	* * * * * The ( other ) plan was in motion .
tr	O	The brain matter oozing out his ears and into the meadow confirmed it .
tr	O	The guy had zero fat .
tr	I	' I know why we fight must . '
tr	I	He had that toughness fierce that often marked them .
tr	I	The only question was whether the rest of the medical staff would stand by let and her patient die to save money .
tr	O	They opened the doors to find the torrential rain had not let up .
tr	O	Her body rocked slightly against the force of the weapon and the deep boom echoed in the stillness of the night .
tr	I	I didn 't want him to step away me from .
tr	I	He was with toying me .
tr	I	And suddenly what a woman wanted during sex meant more than what he always 'd thought he needed .
tr	I	He stretched out his arm , giving her no choice in the matter but to take it and hope they would soon return .
tr	O	I 'm angry that someone is doing this to me .
tr	O	It wasn 't the response Molly anticipated .
tr	I	I hurried down to Knife Avenue and at stopped the corner .
tr	O	A smile here , a playful word spoken there , a look or a touch , all in fun .
tr	I	I pull and back look into his eyes and can see instantly that he believes me .
tr	I	Mari could help Bowen find someone for the princess - setting up her with another male was the ideal solution !
tr	O	The rest of the evening passed quickly .
tr	O	It 's time I rebuilt my life and found myself again .
tr	I	But Thor would not slow - for not her , not for anybody .
tr	I	The main deck had been cleared of all the games , tables , chips , and chairs that been had out here last night .
tr	I	Things been had going wrong so consistently that seeming premonitions tugged at his mind .
tr	O	One sliced into her thumb when she tested the edge .
tr	O	' Don 't you have to work tonight ? '
tr	I	I stood alone in my elevator , bleeding on the panel control as I mashed the button for my floor .
tr	I	Jamison at smiled the support .
tr	I	I put a on brave front and slugged him .
tr	O	They passed his wandering horse and mules without stopping .
tr	O	I asked in frustration .
tr	I	She remembered the vampire savagery 's in the fight .
tr	I	He reached and out locked his fingers with mine .
tr	O	But each roll revealed the sides of her neck where more goodness lay .
tr	I	I will be away on business for the next days few .
tr	I	I 'll go there with or your without help .
tr	O	Resting her elbows on my thighs , she leaned back into my chest , and I barely resisted planting my lips on her neck .
tr	O	Richard quickly got out of his sleeping bag and followed Bella out to the overlook .
tr	I	Second , she lied and told him that Lynette had taken violently ill and had to be rushed to hospital the .
tr	O	Well ... Dean was there .
tr	O	But the channel must have been very straight and the current was less violent than he had supposed .
tr	O	At which point he 's probably hoping to never have to see me again .
tr	I	Brick nodded and pointed as he how realised the question should have been phrased first time round .
tr	O	No chance of that .
tr	I	A loud crash came out from the distance and that is when Avery heads the young boy to start cry .
tr	I	He was standing still in the same spot , but he wasn 't alone .
tr	I	' Spare the me apologies , Quest .
tr	O	She said that she would inform the lawyers that he was here and went into the next room for a minute .
tr	O	He could deal with the VNS when he had to .
tr	I	Ken had a few questions , Dave which tried to answer .
tr	I	It was a not cursory glance .
tr	O	Get everything else together as I requested and call me if you need me .
tr	O	The door opened and I fell backward .
tr	O	The woman 's words echoed in her head .
tr	I	Engine noise and the roar of air friction vibrated everything including the steel floor , the fuselage , and the fillings in Dean teeth 's .
tr	O	He 'd moved back to Coldwater to escape his past .
tr	O	At first he thought it was tension , and then he realized that the air was thinner .
tr	I	It 't didn work .
tr	O	You might have been thrown out and injured like Gwyn .
tr	I	Ashe barely paid attention to the two werewolves his inside mist .
tr	O	Mark nodded , giving himself time to remember the ruse they had given the deputies earlier .
tr	O	It was followed by others whizzing like bees around him .
tr	O	Reyes leaned his shoulder against the closet 's frame .
tr	O	Certainly they would not reserve for her a funeral with so much fanfare .
tr	O	None of the other Marks were so lucky .
tr	O	If so , would the door be locked or open in anticipation of his return ?
tr	I	Nor he did want her trying to play the savior and attempt to patch things up with Sam .
tr	O	They both sat up straighter .
tr	I	I struggled make to sense of this .
tr	I	He shone the light along the floor , then through an doorway arched and toward the back of the house .
tr	O	Any Arrangement that lasted longer than that was known to be particularly successful .
tr	I	His black make scrubs him look drab and his voice comes off as overly bored .
tr	O	Eventually the cause was traced to the bad medicine charms .
tr	O	There was no way he could hit him from that far away .
tr	I	The wind catches my hair and lifts it from neck my , chilling me .
tr	O	She would have been perfect .
tr	O	Fifteen miles south , Charlotte was still gridlocked in rush-hour traffic , and I was grateful not to be a part of that madness .
tr	I	Alexandra 's eyes bigger got .
tr	I	I reach would around to get at one cut , only to feel the pull of another cut .
tr	O	Terry punched him again , then picked up the gun on the floor and pointed it at the man 's face .
tr	I	a voice called what from must have been the closet .
tr	O	But to Sam 's suspicious ears it reeked of wanting to keep an eye on them .
tr	I	Each cowered his in own corner , yelping with each swing of the troll 's fists .
tr	I	I was so young I 't don really remember , but my father told me she didn 't suffer .
tr	I	This was not going he as had expected .
tr	O	Only a few wisps of hair fanned her cheeks , giving her the look of an exotic pixie .
tr	O	Thank you for your reading this and we hope that your family is healthy and well .
tr	O	Myra couldn 't help but feel disappointed that the Ancients willed Lizzy and her son to return .
tr	I	she and squealed ran off .
tr	O	It appeared to be a flat , golden semicircle , not much larger than his hand , containing several odd engravings that made no sense to him .
tr	O	She gives me a small squeeze .
tr	I	I exhaled a blissful sigh and turned face to her .
tr	O	The kitten followed her to the door and waited patiently for her to answer .
tr	I	None of them could afford to bring farm the back .
tr	O	Your hair is almost as long as mine .
tr	I	Faye is sitting on a chair , a good six away feet from me , cradling her broken nose .
tr	O	Every last bolt had been tightened , every last wire strung , and now there was nothing to do but wait .
tr	I	She didn 't want to view him in such an unfavorable light , what but else could she think ?
tr	I	He pushed his shoulders off the door started and after her again .
tr	I	He watched me as carefully I sipped my drink .
tr	O	He took a quick look over at Tony and turned to the officer .
tr	O	I heard my name being yelled out .
tr	I	I spent more time daydreaming and picturing myself designer in jeans than buying them .
tr	I	Diana led Cassie the down hill to the parking lot .
tr	O	But you are not insane .
tr	I	Shaking my head , I darted between two and cabs yanked the passenger door open .
tr	O	Even more intrigued than before , she flipped through the book only to find it was completely empty except for the three pages ... How weird .
tr	I	What couldn she 't figure out was why .
tr	O	' Put him down . '
tr	O	I didn 't just know that from my history books .
tr	O	He kisses my forehead tenderly and boosts up on his elbows , his body still hovering over me .
tr	I	I this know ticket means nothing to you .
tr	O	I couldn 't leave them to Salina 's mercy - or lack of it .
tr	I	In an attempt to stave off the inevitable , I continued introduce to people .
tr	O	Scorch was chasing after a set of twins as they ran around the house .
tr	I	At we least had options .
tr	O	We let that thought linger for a moment .
tr	I	Blake opened his eyes to his find own reflection staring back at him in the mirror .
tr	I	Callie thought about time their together .
tr	O	That was when the ground underneath her gave a gigantic heave .
tr	O	It was a deadly sin that no person wanted to deal with .
tr	O	My father knows all about you .
tr	I	Justus was almost for lost words .
tr	O	I rewound the last few seconds in my mind .
tr	O	Her affection for him was something he didn 't seem to want or need .
tr	O	I set the tree down and retrieved the note out of the trashcan -- but the feelings of bitterness and self-pity remained .
tr	I	She 't hadn said much in the process .
tr	O	Is there anything else I can do for you ?
tr	I	You were never more pleased than a when fight loomed .
tr	I	And while she 'd often wondered what would 've if happened she 'd married Royce , she hadn 't allowed herself to obsess over it .
tr	O	He walked to the blanket box and zipped up the duffel bag there .
tr	I	I took moment a to get my bearings down .
tr	I	These were the years of the oil boom , when the school and community center were by built the state .
tr	O	The thought of dropping the search altogether left her feeling shaken .
tr	I	Maybe 's that why they got along so well .
tr	O	There was something familiar about this man .
tr	O	I was flattered , and he was handsome and seemed to be in love with me .
tr	I	Charlie the reached other side of the pond and started down another trail .
tr	I	It was half an hour later and Nick had brought all the of kids out to the pond as instructed .
tr	I	He the tossed used cloth aside and crawled up to lie beside me , pulling me into his arms as he did .
tr	O	She blinked rapidly in an effort to hold back her tears .
tr	O	He smoothed his hand over one cheek , then the other , her skin butter soft and beckoning .
tr	I	' You were both dead five for days .
tr	I	Ian and Dorian and kicked struggled but they couldn 't get out of the guards ' grip .
tr	O	I climbed the stairs , then paused outside my mother 's bedroom door .
tr	I	She gasps he as brings the knife to her throat and holds her in place by the back of her neck with his other hand .
tr	I	Cade seemed relax to a little , but not enough to please him .
tr	O	Mary ran out to the front room and hugged them both .
tr	I	He took step another closer .
tr	O	Responded Jenny with the same face .
tr	I	I had to hand it Special to Agent Waldron , he was definitely two steps ahead of me .
tr	I	She now needed the act he 'd in performed the shower that had sent her into a horrifying flashback .
tr	O	Her father gave her a knowing nod .
tr	O	The sleeves only come to his elbows and I see the blue haiku of numbers running up his forearm .
tr	O	he laughed loudly into the phone .
tr	O	When the paper arrived early the next morning , Theresa was the first to read it .
tr	I	It 's the woman next Elijah to .
tr	O	Oh boy , here we go .
tr	I	She turned head her to glance at him .
tr	I	Chris said eagerly , thrusting the bag of at chips Devon which he politely waved away .
tr	I	Our headfirst dive ended and I noticed that we were rising but again in a gradual arc this time .
tr	I	I was climbing toward that release I recognized and it made me to want beg him to move more .
tr	I	The was trouble , I had no idea what Wilco was capable of .
tr	O	He traced the hem of her surgical top , hesitating , his conscience kicking him in the ass .
tr	I	Only the fire lit the with space its red and gold flickering flames .
tr	I	It not might even be breaking the law .
tr	O	He shook his head .
tr	O	Did he still have his ring on ?
tr	I	To Kenneth , it appeared the man tall collected his thoughts .
tr	I	White silk when bodies our burn , Blue banners when the lost return .
tr	I	Evan seen had how somber I was and let me brood in peace .
tr	I	This time , the lion lunged for him , almost taking Derek 's in arm his mouth .
tr	I	The tiny toes and and fingers the lips were blue .
tr	O	Why had she fooled herself all these years into thinking he couldn 't see very well ?
tr	I	A rock , hurled at him , struck arm his .
tr	I	Regardless , I 't wasn telling him details .
tr	I	His gaze found Browning , standing one outside of the huts , unarmed , stiff and straight as if awaiting judgment .
tr	O	I pulled the phone slightly away from my ear in response to the noise on her end .
tr	O	He decided to take the bike on the freeway that day , excited to speed it to the limits , as he usually did .
tr	I	Luna turned her iPod volume a higher little , and then she ate .
tr	I	He tells me what the Colonies have in store for me , should refuse Day them .
tr	I	It 's never I what expect .
tr	I	She stretched accommodate to him but the fullness unsettled her .
tr	I	That world shaking event was the of birth Christ .
tr	I	He slaps me hard , and then his hand grips my face , squeezing my jaw hard so I feel like the bones might shatter .
tr	O	But how distorted had the idea of family become for Jared ?
tr	I	He was flame and ecstasy , his hands moving over her if as committing every line and curve to memory .
tr	O	Tornado , Cyclone , and Twister were not small forces , but they could work smaller for play .
tr	O	With seeming great effort , he rolled off her , but only to enfold her in his arms .
tr	I	It was to hard think about anything besides him , though , and how lost we were .
tr	O	Rome is a bit crowded .
tr	O	I must find my way back to the shade ; the noon sun is too strong for me these days . '
tr	I	We on decided Chinese takeout this year .
tr	I	I head for the piano and at sit the bench .
tr	O	Hunter stood with his fists clenched .
tr	O	Of course he 'd memorized them and recited them when Neil ordered him to .
tr	O	There 's a long pause .
tr	I	I gulped as my heart to started beat a little faster .
tr	O	Either way , I 'm not going out with him .
tr	I	In only a few moments , my body was pulsing uncontrollably , around shattering his mouth .
tr	I	I stared at the spot where he had been , wrapped my arms around chest my , and tried to keep from falling apart on the spot .
tr	I	But Melody it knew was a ticking time bomb .
tr	I	I 't couldn speak .
tr	O	She didn 't want to kill him .
tr	I	Gunner climbed out onto deck the first , Nita close behind .
tr	I	Beth wailed , and started crawling toward fire the .
tr	I	That night a was long one .
tr	I	To the Egyptians , example for , the heart was the seat of conscience .
tr	O	' You 'll see me again .
tr	I	Fellows needed to what hear Louisa had to say without any other person present .
tr	O	To meet those additional demands on my time , I found myself sacrificing more sleep .
tr	I	I 'm Fletcher Evelyn .
tr	I	Alexia braced herself to next him , reaching into one of the secret pockets of her parasol .
tr	I	There my was bag , which I went through .
tr	O	Not too many people stood up to Dominic .
tr	I	I know I 've been missing a for while , and I 'm sure you 're pissed as hell .
tr	O	She is listening to herself .
tr	I	I can 't for pay this .
tr	I	They probably 're up in heaven by now .
tr	O	He 'd never wavered in his focus .
tr	O	Fannin , as do all commanders in the field , wished he had a larger force at his disposal .
tr	I	I can this make worse .
tr	I	' And you thank for sending us the urgent message . '
tr	I	I don 't want to see bullet the wound .
tr	O	I would not be all alone with only me fears to keep me company .
tr	O	I snapped out of my downward spiral thinking when I heard a key in the door .
tr	I	I down looked and there was Josh .
tr	O	Janelle gripped Mac 's hand .
tr	I	The soft sound being pushed through closed lips did nothing to drown the buzzing , but she the enjoyed melodious harmony they created together .
tr	I	I the locked front door behind me and strode to the kitchen .
tr	O	They were clearly labeled and pertained to Barrett 's courses .
tr	I	And once upon a time , she had been as known Marie .
tr	I	Her eyes moved over his body , a smile at tugging the corners of her mouth .
tr	O	Already showered , cut my toenails , had pancakes and ten cups of coffee .
tr	I	Nothing out of the ordinary an for extraordinary life .
tr	I	The day proceeded to go by quickly wasn which 't surprising .
tr	O	He didn 't move however , just watched her with intense concentration .
tr	O	The words rose in my mind .
tr	I	To one side was a counter surrounded by various sacks of grains , salt , nails , and essentials other .
tr	I	She must have looked like peacock a , set for a fight .
tr	O	The three children had extricated themselves from one another a few minutes ago .
tr	I	She her cleared throat .
tr	I	It , not s a time for laughing at all .
tr	O	Men always fall in love with the woman who nurses them back to health .
tr	O	Rachel 's voice was like a lifeline in the middle of an ocean .
tr	O	Dad 's too ill to be transferred to another hospital just yet , but the one here in Orchard Valley is small .
tr	I	I reach into the bag and pull out small a , metal canister .
tr	O	It was as if he was driven to possess her .
tr	I	Another skeleton , like first the , sitting piled beside a bureau .
tr	I	Kenji pulling is me through the maze .
tr	I	His consisted argument of heat , beaches , and Spanish .
tr	O	It has to be something you 'll never say by accident , but can easily remember .
tr	I	For a he moment didn 't return my hug .
tr	I	I 've heard the that bribes were astronomical .
tr	I	Ethan , he is funny so ! '
tr	I	There was no way could I be expected to lead a hunt .
tr	I	She rather reminded him of fairy a .
tr	O	He stroked my hair , the tender gesture belying the mean look on his face .
tr	O	She 'd just witnessed her longtime friend lying dead on a subway platform and in many ways , she was still an overly emotional child .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to my bust ass to prove anything to her .
tr	O	The king has died of his own accord .
tr	O	He stood up straight and shook his head .
tr	I	Whenever possible I had to order him away so could I complete my work .
tr	I	He smiled and shook head his .
tr	O	But Will isn 't budging , and I doubt we would make it far anyway .
tr	O	One thug pulled a girl out from the bush and put her in front of him , putting a machete close to her neck .
tr	O	I may not be related to her , but I 've seen her up close and in action for a long time .
tr	O	But Zach wasn 't listening .
tr	O	Brick knew a slack plan when he heard it .
tr	O	All of majestic Athens rose up around her , but no one cared about the sad little woman with the hair that once shone like flames .
tr	I	Two spiders were moving slowly toward him from the door open .
tr	O	Appearance had never meant anything to him .
tr	O	Zachariah had regular visits to the hospital , designed to monitor his deterioration .
tr	I	One of the kids still hadn 't recovered enough to function his on own .
tr	I	Stupid her to believed have for even a minute that would be Chuck .
tr	O	The scientists decided to decrease the power output of VIN 's hydraulics that did the work around his major muscles .
tr	I	He 's pointing out a small error made I when I hear the classroom door open .
tr	I	I 'd my worked way through school doing security work , and you 'd be amazed how many eventual law enforcers start out there .
tr	I	In the beginning , we read in the words opening of that great evangelical poet , John , there was the Word .
tr	I	You have the air of one who used 's to carrying authority , so I can surmise you 're an inspector .
tr	O	She had never talked with any man this way , not even a lover .
tr	I	She giggled as his beard her tickled .
tr	I	The guilt in his eyes threatened to over brim into tears .
tr	I	My flight was leaving soon , and I spent the rest of our time together trying to look and stoic resigned about this unpleasant mission .
tr	I	When the glasses were full she moved hers one to side and , unseen , poured its contents into an empty food dish that was standing nearby .
tr	I	Ellis blows a breath his through cheeks .
tr	O	Camille wasn 't willing to spend the next six months learning to hate Julian .
tr	I	All went five public with their claim by issuing a joint statement .
tr	O	The beauty of the night , seen through the owl 's eyes , was incredible .
tr	O	' We used to be blood .
tr	O	Captain Bob was shaking his head .
tr	O	I walk back to the table and sit down .
tr	I	It hard was to get through the day .
tr	O	The car was waiting in the shadow of the tunnel and there would scarcely be a trace of Outside in passing from the latter to the former .
tr	O	Nobody should live as a victim .
tr	O	He said as he tapped a few keys on the laptop .
tr	O	She peeked around the rock and saw that the men had gone back inside the cave .
tr	I	Douglas arrived for home supper and joined them , having shed his jacket and tie .
tr	O	The other woman nodded .
tr	O	They plan on killing all telepaths and have a six year time-line .
tr	I	It 's not or locked guarded .
tr	I	It was her parents ' money and anyway they were both architects .
tr	I	Riordan bit down hard on his lip bottom , hoping the pain would distract him .
tr	I	He honestly believed that his people the were dominant culture .
tr	O	I smoothed her hair off her face , studying her delicate features .
tr	O	Was something else going on ?
tr	I	Emily a seemed child .
tr	I	Mac had made it his through solo .
tr	I	Emma standing said over his desk .
tr	I	That was when I remembered I needed to sleep too , we immediately walked into the hotel , waving at the dancers .
tr	O	I had gotten plenty of practice these past five years of not thinking about him , although I had to admit I wasn 't always successful .
tr	O	Through the haze and dust the yellow morning sun rose over the desolation of the ruined city .
tr	I	Tony didn stop 't .
tr	I	She raised her hand to her face and made a little finger wiggle toward the tip of her little pert nose .
tr	O	We had just finished the blessing and were passing around the food .
tr	O	It could have been minutes or hours , but it felt as if time had stopped for them once again .
tr	I	Which should tell something you .
tr	O	Occasionally there had of course gone wrong but that was exceptions .
tr	O	The breeze blew against her face , but it felt good against the heat there .
tr	I	This is awesome an process .
tr	I	He in spoke a rich contralto voice .
tr	O	Make your enemy choke on it then ; it is still a matter of approach .
tr	I	I hate goodbyes , so this is the only one you get 'll .
tr	O	My penmanship was beautiful and consistent .
tr	I	He began to pull his off coat .
tr	I	Philip been had gagged and bound , waiting for Ian to assemble the right men to accompany them outside the Keep .
tr	O	It seems impulsive but I know my Callum .
tr	O	Anxious , she paced back and forth .
tr	O	She panted through her teeth , blood leaking from her lip .
tr	O	And I 'm well aware that he 's dangerous .
tr	O	Lina shrunk and her poor friend , who she 'd nearly outed did the same .
tr	O	I saw Rob push forward , ready to own up to being the Hood , but it were Malcolm who pushed him back .
tr	O	Deuce watched his father and brother for a moment .
tr	I	I shift a little closer so that her thigh touches my hip , and I the feel barest pressure as she returns the contact , accepts it .
tr	O	I began the horrible task of unwrapping Bill , while trying to keep the movement of the chains as silent as I could .
tr	O	The break room was empty save a computer technician sipping a cup of coffee .
tr	I	But office this was filled with natural light and there were no curtains anywhere to be seen .
tr	I	Could it be that her father died the in crash ?
tr	O	Gwen looked up , blinking past her tears .
tr	I	I was hoping it was all a misunderstanding , and that the pictures innocent were .
tr	I	Golden laughed and held out her arms to give her hug a .
tr	O	And Claire Milton returned from the garden with twigs in her hair .
tr	O	Dante eyed the two brothers .
tr	I	There is no telling what he do 'll .
tr	I	It was enough to drive a out man of his mind .
tr	O	Or perhaps it was fear that kept him facing straight ahead .
tr	O	Her red headed mother replied as a few more dogs approached them .
tr	I	Dimitri felt her instant fear , the pain of rejection , and cursed himself for such handling clumsy of her tremendous gift .
tr	I	A succession of doors open squealed .
tr	O	Find out what 's wrong .
tr	I	A total freak control .
tr	I	With her then near death , perhaps it was not so after surprising all that he had accepted Rachel 's generous offers of comfort .
tr	O	Several flashlights belonging to security personnel could be seen on the grounds and candles were in many of the windows .
tr	O	It had felt like forever since she 'd been attracted to someone or felt like a giddy girl with a secret crush .
tr	O	It zipped snugly over the corset .
tr	O	Soft hair brushed against his nose and his eyes popped open .
tr	I	He strode to over where she stood and set his stick down , taking hers in his hand .
tr	O	Alexia couldn 't help smiling .
tr	I	He out drew a monocular and scoped it out .
tr	I	Luckily , your stated fiancé that you are right-handed .
tr	O	He folded his aged arms over his chest .
tr	I	As she picked up the receiver , Susannah that discovered she didn 't have the agency number on hand .
tr	O	He took a chair on the back row and caught the eye of Manning Laird on the other end of the row .
tr	I	Don 't you know all about the murders and shootings that occur there ?
tr	O	It cost him barely a second , but it was enough that it gave the Prince an idea .
tr	O	Her calves and arms had strips of skin hanging from them .
tr	I	Douglas caught up Nathan with . '
tr	I	Janelle squinted at father her .
tr	O	This was a side I often missed because I was so close to the event .
tr	O	Could I tell Katie about David ?
tr	I	I 'd been in the for Wilds only a month .
tr	I	Finally , he tired of noise the and went on up the draw .
tr	I	Taking his from keys the nightstand , he dropped a kiss on her forehead .
tr	O	She clapped a hand to her chest with the melodrama of a seasoned soap star .
tr	I	The expression his on face turns serious , and he takes the phone out to read the text message .
tr	I	They 'll a last lifetime .
tr	O	The sea poured in .
tr	O	This was going to be a new experience with untold potential beyond his past concept of sharing his life with a woman .
tr	I	Alexia took the lead , despite her damp dress hindering her stride , her raised parasol against the vicious sun .
tr	O	he cried in a loud whisper but came to his senses quickly .
tr	O	Neither of them said anything else as he tucked the gold back into the dulcimer case and proceeded to tune the instrument .
tr	I	Max walked away , Sam giving him a belligerent look that said he be would willing to go rounds with him as he left .
tr	I	He his shook head .
tr	O	Although the LGBT community denied such an organization formally existed , no one could deny the influence they had in Hollywood .
tr	I	Monica groaned , shaking head her .
tr	I	I spotted her sitting in the on stands the opposite side and closer to the bottom .
tr	O	Sometimes they would speak of rebellion , and even Gnat could see that perhaps this was their only course .
tr	O	It was cooler under the trees than in the city .
tr	O	By moving forward in a couple different directions , testing the vibration 's frequency , I was able to get a bead on him .
tr	I	Her eyes flew open , panic in flaring their depths .
tr	O	Silas raised an eyebrow .
tr	O	I was amazed by the stillness .
tr	O	Alone , she might be weak ; but as it stands , she has too many backing her .
tr	O	I gave her a cocky grin .
tr	I	The doors close and start we moving .
tr	O	She shook her head as well as she could without removing her cheek from his shoulder .
tr	O	My words were partially true , I did have to figure things out , but I was hung up on how wrong I 'd been about Colin .
tr	I	The light in her eyes out went .
tr	I	The furniture would be trashed and blood would splatter the on walls .
tr	O	The three couples waited in silence until the cook placed the plates on the table and left the room .
tr	I	The way mother the had yanked her little girl off the street at a friendly wave .
tr	I	I was in my mother arms 's , and she had taken me into the front room .
tr	O	I know Sean still wants Corr .
tr	I	But other than that , I don 't what know I want to do .
tr	O	Pressing my fingers into the tender skin , I jammed upward , into her windpipe , until Shelby yelped .
tr	I	She supported 'd Dave , even with the late evenings it took to get the store off the ground .
tr	I	I moan and grip tightly him within me .
tr	I	I 't wasn sure if I could breathe let alone scream .
tr	I	The envelope was with filled U.S. currency .
tr	I	Victor 's lips drew into back a snarl and revealed Victor 's black teeth .
tr	O	One tear escaped , rolling down her cheek as she stood there in the silence of her kitchen , the only sound her own ragged breathing .
tr	I	I could understand why Daniel had avoided the whole thing so for long .
tr	O	Cassie looked at Adam .
tr	O	Although Anderson did not regret his actions , he knew this would not end well .
tr	I	He looked his at watch .
tr	I	Could her emotions give much that away ?
tr	I	When Sarah was gone walked I inside and clocked in .
tr	O	He didn 't say anything , but when she began spooning it into his mouth , he drank it .
tr	O	He knew how difficult it must have been for her to convince herself that she could take time off from work .
tr	I	Daddy walked over , patted me on head the , and gave me my treat .
tr	I	Apparently , fortune was smiling down me on and this boosted my morale .
tr	I	I pulled arm my out of his grasp and swung to face him .
tr	I	Guys couldn 't stand girls who wanted to know every of detail their lives .
tr	I	You might have a tough time convincing Diana to it let drop , though .
tr	O	His uniform bore a few extra stripes of color and a few gold-colored bits of metal on the shoulder .
tr	O	Bending her knees , he lowered her to the ground and pressed his body to hers .
tr	I	He growled at the feel her of tongue licking the tenderest part of his body .
tr	I	Dust billowed up , camouflaging house the .
tr	O	My dad is every bit as important as Gavin 's .
tr	O	Kylie was actually enjoying the food art lessons she 'd signed up for last week .
tr	I	And what did they need for Owen ?
tr	O	Gerda grabbed the other handle of the basket to stop her .
tr	O	Cassie asked , not at all liking the sound of it .
tr	I	Her sisters-in-law hurried in and quickly enfolded her big in hugs .
tr	I	And the bad guys never said cops no .
tr	O	John smiled then suddenly looked serious as he began .
tr	I	Well whatever I was doing , I hoped I could keep it up for while a .
tr	I	Dario just shaking kept his head .
tr	I	Cassie would help him change in the way right .
tr	O	It was hard to understand him .
tr	O	All he smelt was her subtle perfume that permeated the air .
tr	I	A beautiful king-sized bed sat in the middle of the room on an island of plush surrounded carpet by hardwood floors .
tr	O	Or it 's not .
tr	O	Storm 's worried about me too .
tr	I	Typical of type that .
tr	I	I my clapped hands four times .
tr	O	I bit my lip , wondering whether I should use Renee and Charlie as an excuse again .
tr	I	He didn pay 't attention to who was doing the talking .
tr	O	Shaving cream was still stuck to his jaw .
tr	I	Affection something disguising horrible .
tr	I	I 'd wait till we were close enough to the ground , get a good grip on you , kick out the wall , jump and .
tr	I	Then thinking if she concentrated , too , maybe it would better be , she moved against his back and placed her hands on his sides .
tr	I	The girls stopped all what they were doing , shared a look , and burst out laughing .
tr	O	Every time he sang , now , he brought along his own instrument , this guitar .
tr	O	We have been friends since we were toddlers .
tr	I	Figuring that he 't wasn likely to get that question answered , he turned back to the video game .
tr	O	A masculine hand chased away her fingers .
tr	O	She moaned softly and dug her fingers into his shoulders .
tr	O	Kaylie suddenly asked , forgetting where she was .
tr	O	he yelped before turning over and cradling that frighteningly large weaponry he had between his legs .
tr	I	It was a network of low orbiting satellites , each emitting burst a of EMP on a timer .
tr	O	His phone buzzed in his pocket and he pulled it out to see who was after him .
tr	I	Kellan didn 't seem to have any other job than band the .
tr	O	A hand lay over his stomach , which was a pool of dark blood .
tr	O	asked a man 's voice .
tr	O	I doubt that the other tenants of the building have any idea what neighbors them .
tr	I	Hatred to turned lust .
tr	O	Take a left out of the elevator .
tr	O	' The district hospital can provide for any urgent needs . '
tr	I	It was Saturday - the I Saturday had been waiting for .
tr	I	What was with wrong her ?
tr	O	Vaguely Valerie remembered Colby saying something about her father 's heart stopping and restarting , and considering it a miracle .
tr	I	' You can 't be ... ' ' have You so much to answer for , ' Peter said , taking another slow step toward him .
tr	I	It was true , he do could it without her .
tr	O	On the fifth rep , the bar tilts to the left as Gabe pushes it up with trembling arms .
tr	O	She hadn 't managed to hide her real feelings ?
tr	I	Nine people remained , it and was Brodie and me against the rest of them .
tr	O	The young lady was just before the house , though , the flames stealing away the moisture from her skin .
tr	O	Now it felt like people were having a normal conversation .
tr	I	He could sense the human soul banging at the doors her of mind , desperate to escape the demon 's hold .
tr	O	Generally she didn 't pack a lunch for work , but she did this morning , just to pass the time .
tr	I	The one who 'd spoken to him the before night was questioning him again .
tr	O	The dog leaned against his leg and looked up affectionately .
tr	I	Alistair a opened small control panel on the side of the machine and flipped three small switches .
tr	O	He sat down on the edge of the bed and pulled me onto his lap .
tr	O	She simply doesn 't care as she puts on her show for me .
tr	I	He made had that mistake once , and he wasn 't willing to risk it again .
tr	I	I 'm jealous not .
tr	I	When would a be good time ?
tr	I	It wasn 't the waiting super in the hallway .
tr	O	Mari reaches for him and smoothes her hand across his cheek .
tr	I	I feel calm as I undo the braid my in hair and comb it again .
tr	O	Chase didn 't care , so long as he didn 't draw undue notice by walking around looking like he 'd murdered someone .
tr	O	Not my problem , he thought quickly but sighed heavily .
tr	O	Their eyes and mouths are not magically closed , and they can neither read minds nor speak telepathically .
tr	O	She needed a hefty dose of reality right now .
tr	I	We have won the ere battle has even begun .
tr	O	When had I turned into such a hormonal maniac ?
tr	O	A decade or so before , I 'd been found in my neighbour 's back yard with a baseball bat , trying to catch a noisy dog .
tr	I	But for the medic 's blanket thrown around his shoulders , he was naked to the waist , his right arm braced bound and against his chest .
tr	I	Sampson raised finger a .
tr	I	He was wounded and he had a bandage on his elbow left .
tr	O	It 'll be humid as hell , and water will condense on every surface .
tr	I	As far as Amelia knew , there was to truth the statement .
tr	I	Now the crystals are our mother and father , they keep us but alive without hope .
tr	O	' We would if we could find him . '
tr	I	This was than worse a blind date .
tr	O	Honestly , I should 've known the minute I saw his eyes .
tr	O	The sign warning of the approach of the off-ramp that led to Port Henry appeared ahead , and Mirabeau stared at it , rather surprised .
tr	I	Shane 's hand tightened on Olivia shoulder 's .
tr	I	Ashe lifted an eyebrow ; it looked him to as if Cori and Marco had been doing a little kissing .
tr	I	The end of Dock 14 provided the best for location a quick exit , were it to later become necessary .
tr	O	She was no longer crying but he saw the tracks the tears left through her makeup .
tr	O	There are some pitting and a few external scars .
tr	O	When we get back to civilisation , you 'll meet lots of girls your own age .
tr	O	The only time she did , she was always thinking of him .
tr	I	They want him to talk about Possession and how you a become member .
tr	I	What if everything I was getting worked up about in was my head ?
tr	I	The opened door slightly and her hand appeared .
tr	O	I shudder in fear .
tr	O	Her mind started to hum .
tr	O	Even though I try to hide it .
tr	O	It was a little strange , Arden thought as they talked over the battered top of the desk four days later .
tr	O	Sawyer 's lips twitched .
tr	I	The Blackwell was family in the history books , just not in the normal ones .
tr	O	He was glad to see that in the sober , stark morning light , things didn 't feel awkward between them .
tr	I	Gavin leapt at the opportunity to refute statement my .
tr	I	But when looked I at my stomach , it was perfectly unharmed .
tr	I	I brought my hand to up her cheek and made her eyes lift to mine , pulling back a little so I could look into them .
tr	O	Then I felt a rush of optimism and quickly dismissed the big firm idea .
tr	I	He draped each over a chair which he angled the toward flames , then shed his own gear .
tr	I	And not just any house either , but one with a pool , manicured gardens an including arbor , and a circular driveway with freshly paved asphalt .
tr	O	Everyone is already assembled , and they 're staring at a big blank television set .
tr	I	he with asked a hopeful smile .
tr	O	She has no skills .
tr	O	She 'd never been able to conjure up a picture of her in her mind , not even a scrap of memory .
tr	O	The two men easily could have gotten their wires crossed .
tr	O	a quiet voice asked , relish in the undertones .
tr	O	Without anything other than his brother 's crimes to go on , the police hadn 't questioned him further .
tr	I	I let my shirt fal back down and the grabbed jar .
tr	O	He kissed Anna and Greta , pulled on his jacket , and put his arms around Klara .
tr	O	I remembered how much I loved you .
tr	O	He turned toward the door .
tr	I	Elizabeth the understood impact .
tr	I	He , noticed she , didn 't answer her question .
tr	I	Hunter turned Neil to .
tr	I	Somehow managed Brad to make it to the top where he grabbed the wallet along with keys .
tr	I	' Until then , I 'm afraid you 're just going have to to put up with us . '
tr	I	Bones didn 't lose a fraction his of smile .
tr	O	She spun on her heel and stalked out , heat burning her cheeks .
tr	I	Charmaine wondering was if Keisha had paid for them when he cleared his throat as if to get her attention .
tr	O	The same glowing , bright blue that his gaze became when the beast ruled him .
tr	I	I 'm afraid I cry 'll .
tr	I	The was scene perfectly solitary ; a few boats were returning towards land , but I sailed away from them .
tr	O	He was delighted to have more time to make amends for the gaffe in the burial chamber .
tr	O	Walking slowly towards the wreckage , he looked carefully about the small valley .
tr	O	' Tell me what I need to know -- I want to get out of here . '
tr	O	Even if I 'd agreed with that assumption , it wouldn 't have changed a thing .
tr	I	She says wants she to help Derek pack his stuff up .
tr	I	He looked at up Mitch .
tr	I	No point lugging in it back outside .
tr	O	Then he tried pulling off panels .
tr	I	My patience was away slipping .
tr	O	But it wasn 't enough .
tr	I	His gaze was somber as it returned her to face .
tr	O	Instead , the Captain continued .
tr	O	He 'd shifted back into the form of a man .
tr	O	My grip on Alec 's hand hadn 't lessened any .
tr	O	' Because someone told him that a girl had fainted ?
tr	O	Always provided , of course , you couldn 't hear the actual words .
tr	O	We told Casino about the black market and the gangsters .
tr	I	As she crossed room the to join him , it became apparent that tears filled his eyes .
tr	O	I find myself wandering the interlocking pathways , making sure the trains are still running , the buildings are stable and humming with productive work .
tr	I	If the DEA has busted up a drug ring 'll there be something about it on the scanner , or in the newspaper .
tr	O	His lips played over mine , and he pulled me to the center of the bed and laid me flat .
tr	I	The man who tended her wounds had given her foil a of painkillers which he had found in the secretary 's desk drawer downstairs .
tr	I	She said it was really awkward and she felt embarrassed the time whole so she didn 't say much .
tr	I	Naman asked , rather pacing than sitting .
tr	I	' That is I why encouraged Michael 's confession .
tr	I	They sure sounded him like .
tr	O	You cannot just let him take me away like this .
tr	O	You could almost feel their love taking over the entire room .
tr	I	He shoved his in hands his pockets .
tr	I	Xavier twisted the volume thimble knob so that the game 's sound effects concealed Nikolas and Sheila 's exact words .
tr	I	He his cleared throat .
tr	O	It was Ralph Southworth .
tr	I	I asked , but the men returned we and focused our attention to them .
tr	I	Vann leant the against supply ship 's railing , looking out over the ocean .
tr	I	I recoil the at memory .
tr	I	There were a bunch of them , drawings of dismembered bodies , hands with their fingertips on fire ; strange things floppy .
tr	O	she asked excitedly and starting jumping up and down .
tr	I	he needs to know the that monster he 's living with .
tr	O	And I , like some kind of adoring lapdog obeyed your every command .
tr	O	Once more he leaned his head back , this time without banging on the door , and took several deep breaths .
tr	I	McBride 't couldn speak the language .
tr	I	But he brilliant was , in the theater .
tr	O	Angie put an arm around Lauren , pulled her close .
tr	I	My philosophy about money was a combination Natalie of 's thrift and Otto 's spendthrift ways .
tr	I	His clenched body in an almost physical need .
tr	O	They were putting together an army , and going about it more carefully than was usual .
tr	I	But my was father missing .
tr	I	He was our only child , but we were more planning .
tr	O	So many things she had taken for granted that were forever lost to her .
tr	I	She knew it was a just dream .
tr	O	The thick glass and marble front doors swung open as the Council Guards entered .
tr	O	She was about to sit down in the chair when he stopped her and pulled her around .
tr	O	She wanted to savor every moment , but her body kept thrusting against his , needing to soothe the burn .
tr	O	It got so loud in my head that sitting was uncomfortable , but I sat just the same and opened the notebook and wrote .
tr	I	She was still reeling the from news .
tr	I	I knocked on my 's sister bedroom door .
tr	I	But he didn 't know what say to or do .
tr	I	The nice neat isn stack 't so neat anymore .
tr	O	I have a family over here too which love me as much as their real son .
tr	I	There was a note his in voice that said he had his own axe to grind with the god long .
tr	O	Caesar settles himself more comfortably in the chair across from Peeta and gives him a long look .
tr	I	While peace was being restored by the Orr Reverend , Dewayne managed to grab two bowls of the stuff .
tr	I	David inhaled ; slowly exhaled .
tr	O	Notice that I 'd reverted to my original name .
tr	O	Her voice was a soft hiss of warning .
tr	O	His father-in-law had iron gray hair and the black eyes Maris had inherited , and looked as if he ate nails for breakfast .
tr	O	A strange wailing sound came from Connie .
tr	O	Only after he had gone did the name strike me : Nicholas , Nick -- could he be the young man I had overheard ?
tr	I	When she woke up again , the sun was bright , and looked she over at the bedside clock .
tr	O	He looked shocked and stricken , as if he 'd just been slapped out of a dream .
tr	I	You three make sure you up keep with us .
tr	O	I fell in love with Ethan .
tr	I	He joins on us the third floor landing .
tr	I	She moaned , arching her back and flipping bleach her blonde hair around as he railed her from behind .
tr	O	The Lincoln tore out of the parking lot , screeching .
tr	I	It 's one of those painful realities we each to need discover on our own , I guess .
tr	O	HE looked ragged , tired ; his smile was faded around the edges .
tr	O	Maybe this was it .
tr	I	When the display announced that his was text delivered , he exhaled , relieved .
tr	I	He hadn 't asked for me leave to this time .
tr	O	She was almost to the door .
tr	I	Josiah won 't say who his spy is , and I really don 't care as as long we keep getting what we need on that community .
tr	O	-- her body crumpling , falling into the bed of flowers I had prepared for her .
tr	I	Her eyebrows drew together in frown a .
tr	I	It might be a great place to over start .
tr	I	She didn 't see him and walked around to the little driveway a where white Toyota sat in the shade .
tr	I	He leaned forward and his brushed lips to mine .
tr	I	The intern clicked the play and button speech wafted through the speakers .
tr	I	Slowly , as though he were going against his better judgment , he brought his arm out from beneath his head wrapped and it around her shoulder .
tr	O	They 'd collected all the ingredients from Laurel 's list , crushed them into a fine powder , and spelled it with magic .
tr	I	Frantically he scrambled to return to the safety of the orphanage but before he could reach the door a bullet him hit .
tr	O	This might have been so they could move heavy equipment through it .
tr	O	In a flash she had pushed herself off of him and disappeared into the trees .
tr	I	It was probably one of same the books I 'd pretended to read yesterday , but it didn 't look familiar .
tr	I	She stole a brief look at Scott 's and unconscious battered body .
tr	O	Not when she might be the only way to find the babies .
tr	I	I feel trapped , as if even my skin too 's small .
tr	O	Katherine said , as eager as a child playing a game .
tr	O	Why should I be what others want me to be ? '
tr	O	She didn 't know if she could make it up the path to the cave entrance but she also knew she had no option except to try .
tr	O	Does admitting it bring me closer to recovery ?
tr	O	Roku opened his mouth to say something then quickly shut it again .
tr	I	It 's good to be in a home and not another hotel , thought I as I climbed into bed .
tr	I	He was walking a thinner and thinner line every day damn with Melinda .
tr	I	He sat in silence now , with the still room dark .
tr	O	She 'd known they were heading in that direction , but she 'd expected to have time to settle into the notion .
tr	O	I chuckle and find a station I like .
tr	O	How different the feeling was now .
tr	O	And it 's under patent so be careful ! '
tr	I	The newspaper was spread out over the table , parts of it on his and lap he had written several notes in the margins .
tr	O	He checked the other hand .
tr	O	Only the smell of wine hung over all these pitiable visions .
tr	I	Bob was a Londoner , had been a driver at Scotland Yard most of his working life , knew and every London back road there was .
tr	I	With every swallow he took her of new blood , he got stronger ; he changed more and more into ... Into what ?
tr	O	She didn 't look at him .
tr	O	Mark asked as we got to the top of the stairs .
tr	O	So far , she 's fine .
tr	O	This was his last appearance before a vote on the three finalists was taken in the morning .
tr	I	Zed was with me , as per usual , along Paul with and Steve .
tr	I	They see could the frost from their breaths as the ghoulish looking clouds above allowed as little daylight as possible .
tr	O	His hands slid around her back , and she could feel their strength through the terry cloth .
tr	O	I had the sudden desire to run my fingers down his shirt and feel that bare skin .
tr	I	' Nothing gets a good like scream Sardines dancing across the table . '
tr	O	At least I thought she was my friend .
tr	O	When we meet at the front , I don 't move away from him , letting his nearness calm me down .
tr	O	Belle must have sensed the danger as well .
tr	O	But still , it was time to get rid of this interfering boy .
tr	O	He glanced at a huge diamond ring he also wore , but she didn 't follow his gaze .
tr	I	I was on my third piece before I noticed that Mom touched barely hers .
tr	O	And just like at her parents ' house , the door from the garage to the house was unlocked .
tr	O	Anyway , they started the argument about the museum and the Division of Fine Arts all over again .
tr	I	It was very tender to the touch , and I could already it feel swelling .
tr	I	The door slammed in Johnny face 's .
tr	O	One of them could have found it .
tr	O	' If it is the will of the court - ' He even managed to sound reluctant .
tr	I	Hank had officially the opened floodgates .
tr	I	All I saw was a flash movement of , the glint of metal .
tr	O	Anyway , after a time of living in a bale of turtles I wanted to try and live solo .
tr	O	The waiter appeared , delivering their meals , and for a moment or two , there was silence .
tr	O	Jason couldn 't identify it , but he knew it came from inside Rodney 's body .
tr	I	We found had it .
tr	O	Round and round the world goes , where it lands nobody knows .
tr	O	Gee , way to make me feel stupid .
tr	I	I could tell that I 'd Lacey disgusted .
tr	O	Then again , he doesn 't know I 'm a monster my secret .
tr	O	Berlin , 30th July 1930 IT was a relatively simple case of theft .
tr	O	As she unwrapped it , her mind wandered again .
tr	I	When the sounded buzzer , the downstairs employees gathered at the time clock .
tr	I	I was turning a into caveman .
tr	I	There plenty were of women inside Northern Aggression , Ashland 's most extravagant nightclub .
tr	I	She fought down an stab errant of disappointment .
tr	O	Brenda had called the house , telling Joshua she was going to spend the night at the hospital .
tr	I	Dean Worthen takes my hand whispers and his congratulations to me .
tr	O	Then slowly my eyes moved to the beautiful beast in front of me .
tr	O	Whether or not you 're a vampire or human won 't change the fact that I 'll be dead before our tenth wedding anniversary .
tr	I	But war never you gives what you 're prepared for .
tr	I	CHAPTER SEVENTEEN It 's been two days since I heard 've from or seen Mary .
tr	I	He places them in a line me before .
tr	I	Jack working continued , not looking at either Arnie or the girl .
tr	O	As expected at this hour , I 'm the only one here .
tr	I	If you don 't , I I promise 'll never attend another high school football game again .
tr	O	Both Ivory and Razvan raised eyebrows .
tr	O	She had longer legs than our diminutive hero and was soon close enough that she snapped the whip , which wrapped around our hero 's leg .
tr	O	They hadn 't come along voluntarily , but been ordered to .
tr	O	All she wanted from Jake was sex so why should she care if he wanted the same thing ?
tr	O	Surely that was a little peculiar ?
tr	O	These enclosed the whole structure , save for a broad entrance at the southern end .
tr	I	It that seemed the party had moved on .
tr	I	Rif watched horrified , as the stood Immortal up for the first time in two millennia , his bone armor rattling .
tr	I	A small sob me escaped , and then his lips were upon mine , desperate and fervent in his fierce need .
tr	O	I didn 't want to give in .
tr	O	Chapter 1 Poison Ivy Delilah , sixteen years old ... Delilah .
tr	I	I at looked Dylan with new admiration .
tr	I	I tried so very hard to remember I who was , but it was like a blank screen .
tr	O	Before they could move , a knock sounded at the kitchen door .
tr	I	She pats my knee in understanding and up gets .
tr	O	There 's nothing between us in this moment except scorching heat and love .
tr	O	She bit her lip , then winced when her mouth stung .
tr	I	She drew close in and kissed him again .
tr	I	God only knows how he many 's been in outside of school walls .
tr	I	But as surveyed Sierra the crowd of people around her father 's luxurious pool , her father 's suspicious eyes were following his eldest daughter closely .
tr	I	Then , in her aggressive waddle , she went to the opposite slit entry and it opened , giving a low whistle .
tr	I	She said not bad , and I handed her the present I bought her , smooth a green velvet box .
tr	O	She said Hank and I were twins .
tr	O	She waved and ran out the door .
tr	O	He stood up , and kissed her .
tr	I	He 's waited a long time for this too , and I feel immediately bad for him .
tr	O	Antonia would have been right along side of us , but she was on the bunny trail , only about five at the time .
tr	I	A meal , and the men , were waiting for her return so they could get with on the rest of these meetings .
tr	I	I knew it first the time I heard your voice .
tr	O	When his hands ventured lower , he almost lost the control he 'd been fighting for all day when his palm touched bare skin .
tr	O	She tugs once at the dress , trying to get it fall in a different way , but nothing changes .
tr	I	I sat back my on heels , trying to think of intelligent questions .
tr	I	I was long overdue for a phone call with my best friend , who wasted no time telling in me that she was right .
tr	O	He had an adventurous streak that Anthony found particularly entertaining .
tr	I	He screamed in pain but it didn 't last long before he passed out the from gas .
tr	I	His expression teasing turned serious and he studied her face so intently , she became uneasy .
tr	O	I stopped kicking , took in a deep breath , and immediately my body sank down beneath the surface .
tr	I	He my answers question and holds the card to the instrument panel .
tr	I	I imagined the of tip his tongue brushing over them , then over every inch of my skin , meeting with mine in a tangled embrace .
tr	I	The man she 'd called just Bastien looked worried .
tr	O	If not , he would be tonight .
tr	O	Maybe she 'd have time for a nap before the big date .
tr	I	This is a piece of cake you for , Gator .
tr	I	Nova bent low and patted the side of his neck to calm him , but distracted was by one cart straight in front of them .
tr	I	Second , and almost significant as , both had fought in the trenches .
tr	O	Tremors shook him as he fought against his need and desire .
tr	I	I wasn sure 't what to say .
tr	O	Who he was and where he came from was nowhere near as terrifying as the message he brought with him .
tr	I	His voice serious turns .
tr	O	He softens his voice .
tr	I	What he needed was for someone to else spread the word for him .
tr	O	By this stage , Marco had already given up the chase ; he hadn 't run more than fifty metres for a decade or more .
tr	I	That closeness been had so easy , so effortless .
tr	O	I turned to Rivera .
tr	O	Dreams weren 't like this .
tr	I	I shrugged , figuring it was nothing , and traded the brush some for lotion to smooth onto her face and hands .
tr	I	The device looked had like some form of cochlear implant .
tr	O	Jenny picked up speed .
tr	O	She kept her amusement hidden when the eye refused to open on his command , the eye had only one master and that was her .
tr	O	It was early morning when I arrived and silent as a tomb in here .
tr	I	Inside the house , music was playing and the girls from the cheerleading squad were mingling talking around to each other .
tr	O	Up close Clary could see how tired her mother looked .
tr	O	Our sending bank should have alerted us if it had already received notification of clearing instruction , especially as we have now tried to block it .
tr	I	I 'd to hate guess .
tr	O	She took a calming breath and looked away .
tr	O	Well , almost everything .
tr	O	' It 's a postcard of you without any pants on , and one with a suspiciously threatening message on the back .
tr	I	He pointed to the standing man beside Beth .
tr	O	Iona sat on the edge of the bed and put a tentative hand on his chest .
tr	I	This was a dream after all , but was everything amazingly detailed .
tr	I	Chapter Seven Angel rule # 7 : Always act quickly ; never falter your in convictions .
tr	I	And it wasn 't as if Joe had hers been to begin with .
tr	O	Piers appears by my side .
tr	I	The motion made my ribs and collarbone worse ache , and I groaned with pain .
tr	O	The ride never felt like it actually slowed , but the world stopped spinning around it .
tr	O	Beads became droplets and droplets became drops .
tr	O	Evan stopped at Gareth 's right shoulder to look across the water with him .
tr	I	Duncan knew family his was something of a rarity .
tr	I	He was going to the access vision .
tr	O	Something about that ornate little symbol bothered me .
tr	I	He looked back at the chart and made a with line his finger .
tr	I	Surprised though he was , Sergei was not put so far off balance he that was going to immediately agree .
tr	I	The scene looked like something from a movie the on Family Channel , a family spending time together .
tr	I	I must admit that was I just as excited .
tr	I	Sean crossed Painter to .
tr	I	A warmth spreads through chest my , and suddenly Trevor 's there , his image so clear that I almost reach out and touch him .
tr	I	wailed Alice as she moved to stop the leader , but she was stopped and held in by place one of his men .
tr	O	But even better , it 's like he knows exactly what to protect me from .
tr	I	Jude 's head above nodded mine .
tr	O	When she finally heard the front door open then close , she prayed it didn 't wake her father .
tr	I	The moved others closer to the table .
tr	I	The room went silent , as Ethan did .
tr	I	I just wished believed he that as well .
tr	O	Dimitri had her firmly ensconced in his penthouse in Athens .
tr	I	Using the method listed here , you will be able to permit and prohibit your at ability will .
tr	I	I always am with you , Liza .
tr	I	I shut myself down difficulty with .
tr	I	Cameron turned her around to face the roaring and fire undid all the buttons himself .
tr	O	Everything she 'd believed was turning out to be something else , and Susannah felt she no longer knew what was real and what wasn 't .
tr	I	Her mate stepped invading closer Doc 's space .
tr	I	- Episode 8 - The very ground itself shook as Baron Samael 's echoed voice like thunder .
tr	I	What you hear next must go you with to your grave .
tr	O	A brass plaque on the wall caught her eye .
tr	O	She wouldn 't let that memory control her .
tr	I	The screams continued , coming from a directly room behind that living wall of werewolves .
tr	O	You gave me your word , Warden , to abide by my hospitality .
tr	O	It would make things easier for a lot of people .
tr	O	She turned and marched away .
tr	O	I am such a fool .
tr	I	Thinking impossible was with his mouth on me .
tr	I	Robert frowned , not at liking all what he was hearing .
tr	O	He came closer , which made Tammie very uncomfortable , but she said nothing .
tr	I	We can do 't it without you . '
tr	O	The pros are crawling all over the place , they know this is where the rich guys are , white and black .
tr	I	Told she me 'd been watching me , even went through my things one night .
tr	I	Finally , he turned to room the before him .
tr	I	More blooming flowers around them .
tr	O	We finish breakfast then I let Beast outside as Asher walks his mom to her car .
tr	O	On March 17 , I knew there would be war .
tr	I	' Oh , yeah sort ... of .
tr	I	But he was damned if was he going to apologize .
tr	I	She could instantly feel the pulsating energy of the city , knew that this was exactly she where belonged .
tr	O	Scratch was about to tell Fang what was wrong with his explanation when he decided it wasn 't worth it .
tr	I	One collapses to the concrete ground , the but other only stumbles .
tr	O	Would you have let me kiss you ?
tr	I	For a brief he moment surveyed the crowd , most of whom were staring up at him in rapt adoration .
tr	O	It was obvious to Tess that they shared a contempt for the summer absurdity known as high season in Newport .
tr	O	Eric let out a faint laugh .
tr	O	The Warrior 's Trial was a simple affair .
tr	I	' Trust me , it 'll be least the of our problems if we meet any . '
tr	O	Forget the women he 'd had in the past , she fiercely told herself .
tr	I	My skin felt like it had branded been by his touch .
tr	O	She thinks to herself , between the pages is a world of the unknown .
tr	I	Mrs. White the seized goblet and raised it high .
tr	O	No insult intended , of course .
tr	O	This girl was not the country club type , unless she was working there .
tr	O	Why don 't you think of some things in your life that you can change , rather than the ones you can 't ? '
tr	I	She was a on little the chubby side and had frizzy brown hair .
tr	I	In so doing , hurt I your honor .
tr	I	Then he corked the bottle and put a cooling spell it on .
tr	O	Send her to bed .
tr	I	The numbness that I had so desperately wanted to possess me kept me from caring when his hands groped back my under the T-shirt .
tr	I	Like showed you me the Tunnels .
tr	I	There is other no .
tr	I	An enraged right growling up close .
tr	O	She stroked him at first , her touch tentative .
tr	O	She 'd forgotten about their big dinner that night .
tr	I	Anything did that happen invariably was about Khloe .
tr	I	That is you go from your bed to a couch back and again .
tr	I	She felt it then , the current across running her skin , jolting her spine and warning her .
tr	O	She had to force out the words .
tr	O	But his denial and her memories of him from when she was a child were crowding close , confusing her .
tr	I	Mom hugged fiercely her .
tr	O	Way too many kids are getting lost or left behind in these cities where life is moving faster and faster each day .
tr	O	He looked into Barton 's eyes , finding the same fear .
tr	O	I had wandered down to the kitchen to fix myself a sandwich .
tr	I	He fixed them and she and helped painted them and met supply with demand .
tr	O	Sometimes , reminiscing about his mom .
tr	O	He would go to work in the big family firm with its impressive office in Stockholm .
tr	O	As Cas gets closer , he presses his lips together , looking absolutely miserable .
tr	O	Hopefully , my mental block was working .
tr	I	The tension between us kicked up a notch , and I that realized along with our bodies being nearer , so were our lips .
tr	I	Now it was if as his brain had failed him , and the thought infuriated him .
tr	I	The only person who 't didn seem to be seething over what had been said was Ty .
tr	O	Somehow she still found me worthy , kneeling in front of me as if I deserved even a scrap of the attention she gave me now .
tr	O	Resigned , she borrowed his toothbrush , then pulled on his clothes .
tr	O	I cannot let you kill him , not until I pay him for his service and he takes his leave .
tr	I	They be would changed , or they would be dead .
tr	O	Like on fire , burning red .
tr	O	I 'm too damn busy enjoying the Skyla view .
tr	I	He squealed , falling back as spurted blood forth .
tr	O	The things you 'd clutch to your chest in the last seconds of your life .
tr	O	The gem on his ear glistened by the moonlight so as his turquoise eyes .
tr	O	Valerie was slouched over the dining room table .
tr	O	My husband is away for several days doing some fieldwork on toxins .
tr	I	No tutorial or at teaching all .
tr	O	Ringing doorbells and running away ?
tr	I	Only what he traced must have been a covering veneer the despair that defined our real lives .
tr	O	The voice was only a faint memory now .
tr	O	Then Minos rushed at him and leapt on him in a bear hug as he burst into flames .
tr	O	Knowing it was the right thing to do , she wrestled the crate from him .
tr	O	Now , however ... with the voice ... She was a little afraid , which was stupid .
tr	I	I have a I grandfather have no idea how to deal with .
tr	O	His skin had darkened to an even deeper tan , while her complexion was fading to a fashionable paleness .
tr	I	Her dark hazel eyes were and wide playful .
tr	I	He gathered them in his fist stood and up to leave .
tr	I	He 'd dedicated himself to his and daughter her needs ever since .
tr	I	She stepped and inside moved to the edge of the bed .
tr	O	I feel like every muscle in my body is tight , on edge .
tr	O	My aunt was supposed to drop her off in the afternoon .
tr	O	It was a quick service with all the usual Bible verses and Heaven references .
tr	I	' Yes thank you Mrs C. I 'll send you money the for the trousers . '
tr	O	He found her lying on her bed reading a book .
tr	I	He 't didn need her interference .
tr	I	I must confess that I am preoccupied entirely with appearances , especially clothing .
tr	O	Who knew that humans would lock him up so tightly that he would not be allowed visitors ?
tr	O	he asked quietly , his eyes rolling over my entire face , pausing on my mouth .
tr	O	On a flat map , don 't look too far .
tr	I	A little fuzzy sister .
tr	I	The from wounds the iron shackles would scar unless proper care was taken .
tr	O	She smiled , allowing her happiness to spill onto her features .
tr	O	The nurse looked at him with veiled disgust as she helped him into the hospital bed .
tr	O	His body was on edge from all the commotion with his youngest daughter missing .
tr	O	I got out and walked over to the gas pump .
tr	I	The hairless blue flesh had ripped around eyes the , at the edges of the mouth , and around the massive chest muscles .
tr	I	He waited , but Cleo went to the bathroom first and spent a long in time there .
tr	I	Lindy pressed her palm over her forehead , lifting her bangs , and her mouth open sagged .
tr	I	Apparently Luke 's dance partner mediating was a dispute between the two .
tr	I	And because had he no other choice .
tr	O	He had to let her inside the house .
tr	O	Only it 's not a joke .
tr	I	It still registered reddish a hue .
tr	O	But if we want it , we have to get to it - fast .
tr	I	she asked , rapidly blinking .
tr	O	His private jet had landed on the pavement outside the building earlier that morning and was being refueled during his long speech .
tr	O	Ron leapt to shove it closed .
tr	I	A radio sat on a small table against the wall ; the television was affixed to the wall above the bed , to close the ceiling .
tr	I	The razor wind continued and slashed the front of a house creating a cross from the door to the floor second window .
tr	I	He would never thought had it .
tr	I	Did it matter that her left leg could support barely her ?
tr	I	' What you are doing wizard ? '
tr	O	But she 'd won .
tr	O	We must track a demon high lord , and my attention cannot be divided .
tr	I	I need precise info catch to this creature !
tr	I	There was the slightly upturned nose , sprinkled freckles with .
tr	I	The knuckles were white from words her .
tr	O	Behind me , Atticus was on the couch eating an apple .
tr	I	There was a sleek black Rover Ranger parked at the curb with its four ways blinking .
tr	I	His brother seemed to like walking close to the edge , Rich thought annoyance with .
tr	I	And in the cold with a weakening force , made it sense to take out a soft target .
tr	O	Each and every movement he made was registered .
tr	I	But looking at made her him want Teresa back .
tr	O	A smile came slowly to the face of the oldest man .
tr	O	As the song ended , another woman approached Connor asking for a dance .
tr	O	He pulled out a handful of silver coins , which amounted to a lot of money .
tr	I	Since she was here , and safe , and it was done , could he speak of it .
tr	I	He let his fingertips trail her down cheek .
tr	O	That 's why I couldn 't really help but notice that Zach was dancing with everyone .
tr	O	The next few hours were one of those strange administrative muddles that occurs when everything changes but no one 's quite sure in what way .
tr	O	A chunk fell off and caught the attention of one of the intruders .
tr	I	' How can help I ? '
tr	O	The series of bangs , groans and breaking glass as the car crashes through the treetops .
tr	O	Chase 's eyebrows went up in surprise .
tr	O	If he 'd had an inkling before , he now realized how mismatched Carly and his brother actually were .
tr	O	He beamed at me .
tr	I	She me handed back my phone .
tr	I	She , too , is anxious , her though fear passes when she sees him .
tr	O	Claire asked as she turned to face Gwen Laszlo .
tr	O	I think that 's why I 've been holding off .
tr	I	Nobody goes visible I until say .
tr	I	Making himself as comfortable as possible , he down settled to wait .
tr	I	Now you 'll come back nothing to .
tr	I	She slapped both my at cheeks once .
tr	I	He stepped back and took long a hard look at the hooded man standing next to Jax .
tr	I	There the was sound of flesh hitting flesh , a stifled scream , another blow .
tr	O	In our culture , it 's inappropriate to date unless you 're engaged .
tr	I	I can 't it explain .
tr	O	Amy shook the newspaper at them .
tr	O	I couldn 't help but notice that she didn 't add how nice it was to see any of the rest of them .
tr	I	Bride ran to Vane , who lay on his back , completely nak d * now .
tr	O	She holds me close and pushes and squeezes , squeezes her eyes tighter .
tr	I	He 's probably afraid to even by sit me .
tr	I	You have my permission to speak with her father , I but 'll not have your duties disrupted .
tr	I	Hoppy would Millie tell tonight .
tr	O	Even though she 'd pretty much flung herself at someone , even though he 'd turned her down not once , but twice .
tr	O	As he pulled away from the curb .
tr	O	And when she saw that he still had shadows of grief in his eyes , she felt her guilt swell to the point of pain .
tr	O	I elbowed him in the ribs .
tr	O	He starts the engine , and Luke Bryan spills from the speakers .
tr	O	I can 't let myself be distracted .
tr	O	Definitely not a man she would associate with cowardice .
tr	I	With my hopeless came despair a leaden weight of weariness .
tr	I	With luck , they would all looking be at the elevator instead of the stairs .
tr	I	Ellen things had well covered here .
tr	I	Eleanor had not known how exciting things could be when both they remained fully clothed .
tr	O	Hart 's smile , his low laughter , the incredibly tender way he 'd touched her had made her fall madly in love with him .
tr	I	I reached for my water jug and poured myself cup a so I could speak .
tr	I	I slumped on nearby a rock and closed my eyes , waiting for Mike to resurface .
tr	O	Crouching , just in case , and keeping still as he instinctively checked his weapons , the traveler kept watching .
tr	I	He rarely used technique the now , but he was desperate .
tr	I	But not with Jasmine , which was the first time I hadn seen 't anything at all .
tr	O	He granted as his length sprang free and lowered himself between her legs .
tr	O	Vale crouched beside him and stared .
tr	I	But he did seem to remember thinking had she the temperament of a scholar .
tr	I	I pressed the button and the doors immediately opened .
tr	O	The morning 's activities had left me buzzing with energy .
tr	I	It crashed to floor the , its contents spreading across the carpet .
tr	O	( Originally published as A Rebellious Bride . )
tr	I	He a took cigarette and lit it .
tr	I	You at are war .
tr	O	Abbey worried a little about losing one of her pumps so she kept angling her feet up from the ankles .
tr	O	She pouted as she lurched to her feet and rubbed her butt while grimacing .
tr	I	And she was virgin a , Papa .
tr	O	There was only one light on outside the car but her mind slowly started to function .
tr	O	The next several minutes were taken with arranging the food , refilling wine glasses and addressing other inane pleasantries .
tr	O	They didn 't have much time .
tr	I	I wanted things with us be to real and straight and beautiful .
tr	O	It sounded like the daylight robberies were related to folks looking for items to pawn , so they probably were hoping to feed a drug habit .
tr	O	A spray of blood and bones , and brain 's - splattered .
tr	O	I think her voice sounds familiar .
tr	I	But this was a machine , and it had no pride overrule to its programming .
tr	O	The Wizard bared his teeth and swore an oath .
tr	I	The three men involved were determined that any future calamity would find a nation of governments many ready for the challenge .
tr	I	Just admitting as much hurt almost more than could she bear .
tr	O	His question implied that he 'd had opportunities , and maybe other romances ; she had no difficulty believing it .
tr	I	I walked out of bedroom his .
tr	O	That 's given me an idea .
tr	O	I would have missed another week with the twins if it weren 't for Ashton .
tr	O	Achilles would be trouble , but our duel was to be soon anyway .
tr	O	Dryden 's phone buzzed and his computer screen flashed red .
tr	I	She held the spring-loaded door open and motioned for to Daniel follow .
tr	I	As cries erupted inside , he rolled into interior the .
tr	O	Where can they go after a response like that ?
tr	I	He recognized little the girl as a younger Sidney .
tr	O	But there was yet another village , a small one , up ahead .
tr	O	Men hit on Nikki and Rachel all the time .
tr	I	His eyes perceived it as having a faint cast bluish .
tr	O	Why does he always think the worse of his cousins ?
tr	I	And Jenna parents 's ... they blame their daughter for Ben 's death .
tr	O	I chose one at random and took it out of the room .
tr	O	James preferred to be in his club .
tr	O	It had been about the time he 'd begun his affair .
tr	O	Or maybe a combination of both .
tr	I	Samantha ring Henning any bells ?
tr	O	The prime minister shook his head .
tr	I	Hugh couldn 't grasp why his brain refused to on concentrate the finer points of the sexual act with Charlotte .
tr	O	It was now empty , even the table removed , but she recognized the circular perimeter of stained-glass windows .
tr	I	I know immediately it .
tr	O	Alma : There 's a fig tree in the south .
tr	I	The in temperature the building felt like it was going down .
tr	O	Also , at the opposite corner of the room , there was a new bookshelf filled with a variety of books .
tr	O	The crowd went wild .
tr	I	A few hours ago , she hadn 't even wanted him to know where she lived , and now she was having a freak-out festival this over ?
tr	O	But then again , he might possibly change my mind .
tr	I	Questions that left her lost feeling and disoriented .
tr	I	And while she 'd heard different a version of the story , she wondered if one part had been true .
tr	O	After ensuring that the baby is fine , we head home .
tr	I	Or I could hold Iris tell and her that it was over and that everything was going to be alright .
tr	I	Of you course are my nephew .
tr	O	Highway 1 takes the route down the Wisconsin River and thence down the Mississippi .
tr	O	This was a first .
tr	O	Was that me sounding so shrill ?
tr	O	He pulled my hand up to his lips .
tr	I	Tell ninth the and tenth to expect company .
tr	I	Her normal makeup , least at her lipstick , had been given an extra layer of gloss that teased him when she smiled her shy smile .
tr	O	She didn 't really want to think about that either .
tr	I	If the folks friendly look fine no problem , maybe we can find something to use our diesel in and make it back to the ship .
tr	O	What was she thinking ?
tr	O	I still heard Greek spoken around us as much as Aramaic .
tr	O	Nestled in the peaks of Red Mountain was Raven Hill .
tr	O	Then the man on the end stood .
tr	I	Starting wager a that you 'll marry me .
tr	O	I ducked back flat against the building .
tr	I	This was the second time Claudine had appeared out of nowhere when I about was to get into serious trouble .
tr	I	It was lovely to ear her .
tr	I	It 's if as this is what he was born to do -- manipulate people with words .
tr	O	Olivia took a long drink of her beer .
tr	I	She turned away , checked and the Inspector .
tr	I	Hell is to coming you .
tr	I	Dark shadows under eyes her .
tr	I	But hopefully not for she something 'd done wrong .
tr	O	What are we gon na do with him ?
tr	O	When Angelica moved , he grabbed her before she could do something foolish .
tr	I	Day after day , that my was only job .
tr	I	Across the prison , the female vampire who had not yet been inhabited now stood rigidly with her eyes in rolling their sockets .
tr	I	A shadow clawed its way up the wall , gradually -- first the upper torso , then it folded and unfolded as legs gathered it beneath .
tr	I	She was talking to in someone the background .
tr	O	Luisa attempted to blow the guard with a big punch , but Lea used it to escape from the ropes .
tr	O	Joan 's teeth were still chattering from the cold .
tr	I	Being wise , she knew newly the united provinces wouldn 't rest easily under the wrong kind of ruler .
tr	I	I at stare her .
tr	I	Then it me hits .
tr	O	He bowed his head to her .
tr	I	A shiver up runs my spine and pools between my legs in a delicious ache .
tr	O	Jack quickly filled out the card , ignoring the roaches that occasionally darted across the desk .
tr	I	Everywhere he looked he found no sign of Ilya having been in room the .
tr	I	One girl wore cheap heels and one barefoot was .
tr	O	Trust in Jesus and my expertise and you won 't get lost .
tr	O	Some say we never would have learned to read the Egyptian hieroglyphs without the Rosetta stone .
tr	O	Fletcher spotted me lurking outside and raised his eyebrows in a silent question .
tr	O	The aunties visit a month ago when I didn 't get the chance to talk to them .
tr	I	Darkness fills their view as they into enter the void .
tr	I	She opens up the door and allows in Ethan .
tr	I	Where the were craftsmen ?
tr	I	No sign of the guns , but the scarves still covered faces their and Alfie was carrying a bag .
tr	I	The men were to hauled the poles and strung up , tied by leather straps , lifting them a foot off the ground .
tr	O	If it changes us , then we have lost .
tr	O	And , from all appearances , comfortably prosperous on her own .
tr	I	I to want marry you .
tr	I	There was too creative much energy in this room and spilling over its sides .
tr	I	Neal his shook head .
tr	I	His one exception had the been visit to Trevor 's house on Sunday afternoon .
tr	I	I can 't it believe .
tr	O	She might be , given how vague and mysterious she 'd been about me going to the academy in the first place .
tr	I	With a despairing gesture , turned Johann his horses towards Munich .
tr	O	He didn 't see any reason to cause a fight and muss his clothes , so he gave a short little bow of acquiescence .
tr	O	Vincent 's gaze flicked briefly over Sarah as he headed for the stairs .
tr	O	With little exceptions , everything to sustain life was to be found within her mountain walled paradise .
tr	O	He gave no thought that he was not going off to face an army .
tr	O	Who wouldn 't crave to be a permanent guest here ?
tr	O	His fingers pause as he looks up and considers the two of us .
tr	O	I feel like at any moment my heart is going to break into a million pieces all over again .
tr	O	the nurse asked sympathetically .
tr	I	Slamming his mouth over mine , kissed he me , his tongue thrusting into my mouth and taking what he wanted .
tr	O	He brushed her lips with his , and then they were walking down to the front door .
tr	I	Your mother , Izumi , was and screaming struggling from the Scientists , but it was no use , they were too strong .
tr	I	Who was presumptuous getting now ?
tr	O	However this does suggest that he 'd always known he was going to Germany , and waited until the last possible moment to disclose his intent .
tr	O	I view the mirror .
tr	I	He 'd this concocted scene purely to frighten me , to show me that he wasn 't scared of Klaus because he 'd become Klaus .
tr	I	His eyes moved Elena to and his voice dropped .
tr	O	He would , therefore , be the one to avenge her .
tr	I	I was building cabinet a in the backyard when it happened .
tr	I	Maybe she wasn 't quite as bad as I thought had she was .
tr	I	My parents not could help but laugh as well .
tr	I	He disarmed one and cut the arm off the other , returning to position his back-to-back with Dimitri .
tr	I	' Oh , 'm I sorry .
tr	I	He was staring ahead straight .
tr	I	Coach came Danforth up to Tuck and me and looked us over .
tr	I	A chicken was posted at out one hundred yards .
tr	O	A bloody cut on his head appeared to be all the damage he 'd suffered .
tr	O	And she was pretty certain she 'd have to talk to Philippa about a contraceptive tonic as soon as she dragged herself out of bed .
tr	I	* * Upon the reaching bloodied battleground , the first thing I noticed was the rank of the Brute .
tr	O	The screen door to the patio was open and a crisp sea breeze wafted through her sheer curtains , billowing through them like a ship 's sails .
tr	O	Senator Davis was in the backseat .
tr	O	To anyone else Rand probably seemed like the perfect boss .
tr	O	I pick the blade up by the wrong end and feel a sting as the razor-sharp edge eats through my flesh .
tr	I	Colin asked , what he was thought patiently .
tr	O	The power radiating from Henry was gone now .
tr	O	Everthing was as you would expect was going to plan .
tr	O	She didn 't even smile .
tr	O	I sighed for effect .
tr	O	By the time she did , it she was too late .
tr	I	' Most bore people me .
tr	I	Beth nodded her at in appreciation .
tr	O	We understand you will need to stop work every so often and do this , and we 'll make allowances .
tr	I	Trust me , for most the part I was a fucking asshole . '
tr	I	He had put to this to rest .
tr	O	What did that even mean ?
tr	O	Cassie cautiously moved so she could keep an eye on Caine as well as the stirring fog behind her .
tr	O	Dorian bared his teeth .
tr	I	Just a large open field ahead , that looked as if it been had ravaged by an unnatural disaster .
tr	O	He 'd never seen a bird with green eyes before .
tr	I	Hunter said as he unbolted final the leg cuff .
tr	I	He had one hand on her pinning chest her down , while his knee was propped between her legs .
tr	O	Wes spoke up first .
tr	O	Once Garcia 's gal pal returned from her shopping spree she would just follow them to their room .
tr	I	I wasn 't surprised to find that Evie hadn 't it made home .
tr	O	I want to help orphans learn how to fish for lobsters .
tr	O	He finished as if he was merely servicing her , then rolled over to go to sleep , and she lay awake , feeling like an idiot .
tr	O	He began talking so fast that I couldn 't understand the words .
tr	I	Chosen duties One have a way of eating into a man 's personal time .
tr	I	Altair Alexander asked why there were so few citizens on the streets .
tr	O	It was obviously wounded , clutching its bloody side , and I sank my daggers into its throat before it could snarl .
tr	O	Leaning over , Aidan rocked him a little , hoping to avert a crisis .
tr	O	Your ability to purchase the goods the future offered relied entirely on this number .
tr	O	That couldn 't be good .
tr	I	Maybe if I back went to that hut I could get back home .
tr	I	His voice cracked like a whiplash , and despite herself , she stopped , shivering at force the of will he commanded .
tr	I	He had just completed his shift was and now fulfilling his mandatory counseling .
tr	I	She leaned over the side the of bed , and saw a few blankets and a pillow spread on the floor .
tr	I	The thing smartest to do was wait , wait until she came back , which I knew she would .
tr	I	At first , I think we 're being stalked by a pack of gators , such if a thing is even possible .
tr	O	He frowns as if he 's just realizing this .
tr	O	Smashwords Edition , License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
tr	O	I wanted my heart pounding for a different reason .
tr	I	Schedules , times to up meet .
tr	O	Rob turned to look at her , his unkempt hair sticking out at odd angles .
tr	I	Its tusks waving from side side to as it angrily shook its head .
tr	I	' You don 't get much out do you ? '
tr	O	Suddenly a huge white flash and explosion blinded Fintan and rocked his escape pod .
tr	I	I really 'd like for you to consider coming into the office .
tr	O	Lyssa stood frozen to the floor and stared at the door .
tr	O	Here , take it .
tr	O	Could she be some kind of relative , possibly illegitimate offspring ?
tr	I	If he continued their pushing communication , he could easily overload .
tr	I	I came close so to killing her .
tr	I	Still said she nothing .
tr	I	He me took in and he loves me .
tr	O	And anyway , Melissa had had no choice .
tr	I	Both the men 'd she married had mistreated her .
tr	O	I stroked his cheek .
tr	I	What it did mean ?
tr	I	He was involved some in kind of top secret investigation .
tr	I	Victor stood , and walked to doorway the , turning back to fix Michael with a smug grin .
tr	I	I 'll fine be .
tr	I	I to had find out what everyone else seemed to know .
tr	O	He gestured and the Dragon Knight started to gag , his soul mist clinging to his lips .
tr	O	They had been the ones watching him .
tr	I	Ironically , 's it probably what we have to do . '
tr	I	Filled with purpose , she 'd driven to Portland in shorts and a T-shirt with a smudge of chocolate ice on cream the hem .
tr	O	He ordered , pulling her along with him .
tr	I	And then was it Friday .
tr	I	He questioned the true motives of the first group and he 'd seen the destruction wrought by the second in the of name nationalistic identity .
tr	I	He let them blind be to what was happening .
tr	I	Attempting to save me from something that been had done .
tr	I	Talk about your adolescent wishful thinking .
tr	O	Those were the things he 'd taught her over the past few weeks and she would apply them to tonight .
tr	O	From the moment he left running , he had already set his mind to return .
tr	I	He 'd found stack a of magazines and papers and was flipping through them .
tr	I	She the is perfect model of a high school cheerleader .
tr	O	I came to save you , Budda said .
tr	O	For instance , the coyote is sly ; so is the Indian .
tr	O	He rolled down the driver 's side window and regarded her warily .
tr	I	Bailey grinned tightly , long his face completely devoid of humor .
tr	I	He stopped inside just the door when he saw what she 'd done .
tr	I	I 've never hit Mia , but I have the sudden intense desire to beat insanely the shit out of her .
tr	I	Christina was looked down at her smiling girl .
tr	I	Soon , this uniform would be like her wedding dress , a hanging memory in plastic in the back of a closet .
tr	O	Most likely she had seen me heading toward the east gate from her window , though I thought it odd she should be home during the festival .
tr	O	Daemon resisted the urge to open his eyes .
tr	I	Then I 'm my calling therapist .
tr	O	It sounded like my mother 's , but it was different , as though it had been sown into her throat by a skilled seamstress .
tr	I	Through that medium I got some sort of answer to the question of what blocked Sarah , the reason withdrew she .
tr	I	Because 're we all that stands in their way .
tr	I	Gage sits up with his adrenaline pumping , his widening eyes with a mix of fear and anger .
tr	I	At least the judge agreed to him make wear a tracking anklet so there 's less chance of him skipping town before his trial .
tr	O	Lyon turned his attention to the woman , curious rather than infuriated , as he ought to be .
tr	O	Hank speared the bat into the ground when he finishing flailing at the pitch .
tr	I	Nothing is different between us , nothing and ever will be different between us .
tr	O	Agents 2 and 3 forced them to sit down as Agent 1 again crossed his arms .
tr	O	He 'd never steered her wrong while he was alive , but he was gone and she had to figure this one out on her own .
tr	O	I came back inside and finished eating .
tr	I	Most of us came from Dauntless , but I 'm struck by how different are we anyway .
tr	I	It would have been easy an read - he was wide open , for a Were .
tr	O	Diego led the way up to Reid 's second-floor apartment .
tr	I	Send back her to her World as she wanted .
tr	I	I out wonder loud .
tr	I	She said it such with conviction that I got a chill .
tr	I	Nicolae 't wouldn dare .
tr	I	I take off my hat and swipe at the sweat on forehead my , feeling like a complete idiot .
tr	O	It wasn 't possible for someone to be so angelic .
tr	O	The screen flickered as it listed the data for Mac to read .
tr	O	She could use the time on her laptop rather than stuck behind the wheel of a car .
tr	O	The truth was that Payton was more damaged than she thought and used a lot of her remaining stamina to land the previous counter .
tr	O	As Andra stood watching the King 's tent , she could feel something in the air .
tr	O	She 'd just be murdered and he would escape without being caught .
tr	O	He was getting so sweaty and nauseated that he walked up Monroe to his house .
tr	O	I drove around for a while , not sure what to do .
tr	I	As if it wasn already 't on her .
tr	O	After taking a sip of my Coke , I noticed that Liam wasn 't alone .
tr	O	This is my life and she is but a piece of it .
tr	O	Jasper grabbed the first guy , then ducked low to try to get some fresh air into his lungs .
tr	I	The boys in stared the half-light of wonder and fear .
tr	I	Maybe the Black Rose could use a to friend help her .
tr	O	I 'll think about everything tomorrow , try to sort out my life .
tr	I	The city was now averse to euphoria , and many gathered by palace the gates in search of fresh news and to pray for divine intervention .
tr	I	The wolf nothing wore except for a pair of jeans .
tr	I	It was outright awful , and I wasn 't particularly even vain .
tr	I	It didn 't feel right with just him lying there like that .
tr	I	Providence up picked another jar .
tr	O	The same symbol was revolving , but around a ghoulish face .
tr	I	He exhaled a long breath and nearly squeezed the life from me as he held me in position that .
tr	O	Kieron couldn 't quite get the hang of the dog 's lead , and he was attracting too much attention .
tr	I	But hadn she 't planned on doing it right now .
tr	O	Mrs. Mercer pulled a dish out of the oven with a loud clang .
tr	O	It is wrong to say such things .
tr	O	I frowned as I stared at the black chopper landing on the lawn .
tr	O	Thinking back about that game , David remembered two things most vividly .
tr	O	The boy was in love .
tr	O	Any more than they knew when or where they 'd find the one person who was designated for them .
tr	I	For his part , Madden deemed it a minor offense , unworthy prosecution of , certainly not worth any more effort on his part .
tr	I	And , boy , it him pissed off .
tr	O	It was Wednesday when he was free to leave camp and he strolled down the road to the hall .
tr	O	she whispered savagely , hiding her face against his chest .
tr	I	When he got there his luncheon of ham and potatoes was cold , his warm wine .
tr	O	He 'd worry about the crackers tomorrow , when it was light .
tr	O	It shows the entire globe , pressed flat like kneaded dough .
tr	I	Tons of water and countless ships between lay her and the surface .
tr	I	Still , chose many to believe the stories of people ascending before the eyes of others ; ascending into the clouds .
tr	I	With a quick wink , he adjusted the basket to his right hand and grabbed mine with his left we and head for the door .
tr	O	Once the dory was secure , he slipped off his cassock , balled it up , and secured it under his leather armor .
tr	O	He was always in the back of my mind , but I 'd been forcing myself not to think too hard about him .
tr	I	She got angry with that push glared and back at him .
tr	O	That took more energy than the other two and Dua never had enough .
tr	I	But didn you 't .
tr	I	There were of crowds people so she felt a little safer .
tr	O	Likely a rodent being killed by larger prey .
tr	I	Blood in ran a torrent from Earl 's nose .
tr	I	I think did she it just to show off and get back at me , if you want to know the truth .
tr	O	She forced herself to pull back from his mouth .
tr	I	She kneels at a sheet , pulls it back , the notes details of the newly dead .
tr	O	I just looked at them and slowly got in to my blankets and switched off my side lamp .
tr	O	But something inside me keeps my feet rooted where they are .
tr	O	But this time it 's different .
tr	O	You were thinking about product strategy before but now your thoughts are turning dirty .
tr	O	She hadn 't sensed the immediate danger because she had been thinking about Nicolae .
tr	I	Perhaps she 't wouldn realize the scalding until looking down at her legs .
tr	O	Not that I understood half of what was being said , but still they got excited over the smallest , most insignificant stuff .
tr	I	I 've heard voice your !
tr	O	I considered a flippant remark , then chose honesty .
tr	O	The same spells come to us , over and over again .
tr	O	He sounded like one of the men .
tr	I	He paused and looked into her eyes , breath his catching at the sparkle of life he saw there .
tr	O	A benefit of the purge was that my wound healed quickly and I got my strength back .
tr	I	She didn 't know her , but she sleeps in the same room and shares the same walls four that Chloe did .
tr	O	I hate you , father ! '
tr	O	Most terrifying were the paintings .
tr	I	I 'd do anything I could to money earn .
tr	I	She knew that Connor right was .
tr	O	But there were nights , while in the grip of a nightmare , that she would whisper a name .
tr	O	Everyone who knew my mom and me said I looked just like her .
tr	O	He scratched his head .
tr	O	Destiny blurted it out , leaping to her feet to pace around the room again .
tr	I	Valerie taps her CU scrolls and through her HUD .
tr	I	I didn 't how know to do sales .
tr	I	She cried out , letting go of the steering as wheel the car wheeled into the opposite lane , the car slowing .
tr	O	I didn 't really want a stranger to touch me , but I tilted my head down and let the doctor do what he needed to do .
tr	O	Then the Drews are summoned to a Southern California bible college after workers report hearing mysterious voices at night .
tr	I	She was and elegant beautiful .
tr	O	I played a lot of them growing up .
tr	O	Somehow , she found the strength to nod , then she turned her head to kiss him .
tr	O	The Undead could remember , couldn 't they ?
tr	I	I held my business card up the against mesh glass .
tr	I	He and turned faced the horde of corpses tearing across the concrete .
tr	I	I to need talk .
tr	I	I wonder what they plan to if do he won 't join their new order ?
tr	I	That one night was amazing , but it over was .
tr	O	Each step I took hurt a little bit more and I groaned from the pain .
tr	I	It feels weird to hear I family had .
tr	I	As he neared the dozer the took bear a few steps forward then stopped .
tr	O	Yet what truly baffled him ?
tr	I	She 'd told herself she fine was living separately .
tr	O	Eric knew it like he knew the sound of his son 's voice .
tr	I	Simon at looked me .
tr	O	She eyed Fin , but he didn 't elaborate .
tr	O	I 've heard of the place , naturally .
tr	I	Nick stared at him for a moment slowly and took his hands off of his stomach .
tr	O	He walked up to the entrance and pushed what she supposed was a doorbell .
tr	O	He bowed gallantly ; the ladies clustered around him , hiding behind their fans with feigned shyness .
tr	O	She hands Marie the bag .
tr	O	He was staring down at Thomas 's blade as though he were not sure what it was doing there .
tr	I	Which meant that Gabby thenceforth had to come and go she when was certain Travis wasn 't around .
tr	O	Todd 's trying to figure out what 's going on at Offutt .
tr	I	Bill sighed , wondering why he always this did to himself .
tr	O	She always called them by name , starting with the oldest , when she wanted to get through to them .
tr	O	All I 'm hearing is words and more words .
tr	O	You 'll have to see that the Hall does as it should .
tr	O	Chapter 28 Clive Donoghue 's initial optimism of finding leads from the yellow body bag from Lindisfarne was beginning to peter out .
tr	O	For me , I like to watch the sunset most every evening that I can to calm down .
tr	O	The world was moving slower .
tr	I	Why hadn 't thought she of that ?
tr	O	At just over five and a half feet tall with small shoulders and wrinkly face , he resembled a Shar Pei .
tr	I	Lexie nodded , still in lost thought .
tr	I	Rose joined him , her dainty feet with their toenails unpainted entering his side vision .
tr	O	I blinked , wondering when my world had gone mad .
tr	I	The donor blood has been dehydrated , removing at least half the liquid so that it 's a chemical concentrated mix .
tr	I	Her body had never hummed for a man the way it did then right for Nick .
tr	O	Are you in there ?
tr	O	The black man watched as the man on horseback made his way down the road towards the bridge .
tr	O	The crack of vertebrae shattering rent the air .
tr	O	In the blink of an eye , the gray cat sprang up on the bed .
tr	I	And you think you know about anything my culture or me ?
tr	O	~ ~ ~ IV The First Friday Power is not ... a certain strength .
tr	I	Something significant flashed his in eyes .
tr	I	I charge by word the .
tr	I	Esmeralda over ran to him .
tr	O	Under the canopy of the forest felt like a different world altogether .
tr	O	I didn 't notice the movement until I realized it had drawn the man 's attention back to us .
tr	O	Few cars passed this way , most drivers preferring to take the nearby highway to Falls River .
tr	I	Their eyes met and laughed she .
tr	I	Heat rose my to cheeks .
tr	I	The walls of the facility grey are and uninspiring , cramped and claustrophobic , and aren 't exactly designed to make us comfortable .
tr	O	An expression somewhere between a grimace and a smile tightened Elizabeth 's lips .
tr	O	I stare at the cracks in the table , silently letting it sink in .
tr	I	A surge of trepidation came over him as he neared it , approaching it as if it was a grenade live .
tr	O	I looked away from his gaze and stared down at the cold floor .
tr	O	To wait until after the event would , he believed , completely eradicate any thought of desertion from the ranks and so make his infiltrators less credible .
tr	I	It 's nice meet to you .
tr	O	If you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient .
tr	O	You know what I mean .
tr	I	It was wind a that swept through the library and in the halls next door .
tr	O	There are hardly any sentences that I have to read twice .
tr	I	He one 's of the best .
tr	I	He chuckled at derogatory her description .
tr	I	He 'd wound up thousands there of times and he 'd wind up there again .
tr	I	They will have to to learn adapt to a new home , and a new way of life that 's unlike anything we know here .
tr	I	A dark-haired woman was chained naked to the stone , legs wide spread , arms outstretched .
tr	O	After all , he was a Law Guardian , and Guardians did not condone certain disrespectful activities .
tr	O	She waved again at the growing swarm .
tr	I	said 's Nomi mom .
tr	I	A loud noise comes from upstairs and he jumps to feet his , shaking his head .
tr	I	The jostle of the shields as each knight held firmly a to unified pace .
tr	I	There was no extra fat on this specimen , only toned but shapely that muscles only accentuated her natural curves .
tr	O	But Samantha was tugging at his pants , finding the zipper and reaching inside .
tr	O	It was Drew 's turn to lean forward .
tr	I	Keller felt very warm , and she sure was her face was flushed .
tr	O	She stayed in her position , with her eyes squinted and her mouth wide open .
tr	I	The officer didn 't even realize he been had marked .
tr	O	But now I was here , and I 'd be damned if I let this opportunity go .
tr	I	He changed course immediately when he felt presence their .
tr	I	Only now the mess was bigger getting than she 'd bargained for .
tr	O	He opened his eyes and looked for the first time at the place he would forever call home .
tr	I	Vincent had clearly a different idea of how phase two of the meeting was going to go .
tr	O	We sat there for another half hour .
tr	I	He was supposed to half-dead be .
tr	O	Hale 's family was an enigma .
tr	O	There are 400 cotton balls caught in my windpipe .
tr	I	She her pressed mouth against his .
tr	O	All were seated in the rows of chairs that were pre-arranged .
tr	I	As Paul for Dunne , he was Lilly 's problem .
tr	O	Jake pressed the top of his horizontal back against the top of the passage .
tr	O	She grabbed a thermos from the cupboard and filled it to the brim , careful not to spill one precious drop and raced out the door .
tr	O	Julienne had seen that look before .
tr	I	The dye had worked well for him and the others who 'd been in Ohio , hadn heard 't about the doctor , Robert and Mickey yet .
tr	I	But he seemed be to going back to sleep , so she forced her legs to carry her to the bedroom as though nothing had changed .
tr	O	The way he spoke of dark , terrible secrets made all of her angst seem like elementary school stuff .
tr	O	Up in Yorkshire somewhere .
tr	I	Darian 's body and thrashed shook , while the other man rode his chest holding the stake in with both hands .
tr	O	Never have I seen faces like their faces !
tr	O	The man shook his head .
tr	O	I have to hold very still to make sure I 'm not imagining it .
tr	O	Sunlight irritated her eyes ; she squinted east at King Richard 's army and saw them running towards the enemy .
tr	O	He gasped for breath .
tr	I	In the of middle her sentence she moved .
tr	O	If you did that , they all wanted to go to the end of the line .
tr	O	The web was spun with silver thread that glinted and glittered and seemed to give off its own , cold light .
tr	I	It wasn 't just emotional and abuse verbal .
tr	I	They 're probably going to him burn at the stake for witchcraft . '
tr	O	They will be carrying machine guns , probably in violin cases .
tr	I	he asked while putting the in car reverse .
tr	O	This wasn 't supposed to happen , he 'd said , confirming the only real fear I 'd ever felt my entire life .
tr	O	It was probably good that she had no idea what dreams had cost her a full night of sleep , she decided .
tr	I	My wife picked up it for me .
tr	I	I suppose I could him educate , but that 's sort of tiresome .
tr	O	The women soon surrounded Caterina as they hugged and cried and told her how much they 'd miss her .
tr	O	After a moment Tessa went first up the steps , a narrow wooden flight with banisters so old that the wood had begun to splinter .
tr	I	She didn 't want to have an argument in front of her father because he tended to get upset if the dynamics him around were unfriendly .
tr	O	An instant later the monster had started to move .
tr	O	She couldn 't tear her gaze away from Blake as he walked back to the bed and stared down at her .
tr	O	After wandering the halls , I gathered the nerve to reenter Tina 's bedroom , where I took the same position and listened to her sleep .
tr	O	Dylan jammed his elbow into Sage 's side , but he didn 't so much as flinch .
tr	O	No one would deny that he was a handsome man in a sleek metro way .
tr	I	On the contrary I feel that by and large men tend to get their fair share of sugar and and spice , ya know , nice .
tr	O	she shouted , attempting to run out to halt the demons , quickly grabbed by the grasp of Jack Strong .
tr	O	When they returned to the benches they occupied , Mariah was there waiting for them .
tr	O	We blow their brains out to be sure .
tr	I	Oh , and about wanting uncover to the king 's true plans .
tr	O	But don 't you go away from me , you hear me ?
tr	I	It wasn 't the best the or prettiest speech , but he had done it .
tr	O	Our eyes meet in understanding for a moment and I 'm not embarrassed when a tear leaks .
tr	I	I needed to find things fill to my time with .
tr	I	Everyone spins her in direction .
tr	O	Why in the world would someone bury a locked up collection of salt ?
tr	I	They freeze 'd to death even if they got out .
tr	O	How could he not know ?
tr	I	He had to believe at that moment that his father might also prove to not be as heartless as Durante believed him to be .
tr	O	I still have trouble walking through the front door of that place .
tr	I	I didn 't need to tell so her much as I needed to show her .
tr	O	That night after lights-out , it was Trent who came to Laurie 's room , and Laurie didn 't even pretend to be sleepy .
tr	O	Ty gasped for air .
tr	O	The new buildings in the early part of this century were really cheap material crumbling and tumbling down onto the streets .
tr	I	I know there 's more between us than just a game , but how do I make see him it ?
tr	O	She stuffed food into her mouth .
tr	O	At the top of the pad decorated with a kitten and the words Favorite Things he began a list : 1 .
tr	O	She has to learn to trust me .
tr	O	She 'd kept them in too long .
tr	I	Or ensure she never wanted man another .
tr	O	Paragon glows a luminescent orange , as a magnificent sunset tries to penetrate the puff of fog lying over us thick as wool .
tr	I	And was dad just twenty five .
tr	O	He was far more ruthless than she knew , and he had no intention of allowing her to escape him .
tr	O	I was able to stay until midnight because her dad was gone on another business trip .
tr	O	But even with our backs facing each other , I can still sense Jake , feel the delicate filament that tangles us together unwillingly .
tr	I	Zack called Clay with a report of conversation the .
tr	I	She wrapped her arms around him and kissed back him , hoping to all that was holy that he felt the same beautiful explosion .
tr	O	Though he had found nothing significant , a question nagged at him : Why hadn 't the British seized this bounty when they cleared this place out ?
tr	I	He met her gaze , and when she looked into his eyes , she obviously realized his intent fear because dissolved , replaced by trust .
tr	I	I 'm into computers and chess and things intellect requiring .
tr	O	Then the shuddering began and I grabbed his shoulders , pushing him deeper still , wanting to feel every inch of him through every inch of me .
tr	I	It couldn 't be really true .
tr	O	Jordan reached behind him and picked up the empty glass he 'd inadvertently tipped over in the grass .
tr	I	The drive Shreveport to was silent .
tr	O	Yet still , Mikaela 's hair was as short as a boy 's .
tr	I	Shira asked , holding the up pot .
tr	O	She knew the Anderson 's donated a lot of money , but she didn 't know any of them did actual volunteer work .
tr	I	I heard Dex ask and then felt I his hand on my arm .
tr	I	Lewis whirled to the nearest console , slapped the key for the Seal program Off .
tr	I	The aforementioned mature cleaning lady had obviously not in been that day .
tr	I	It was as if gaze his could not merely pierce through her as Marcus ' could .
tr	O	A flashlight shines in my eyes before angling back to the ground as the cop bends down to put a hand on my shoulder .
tr	O	Lance screams yet again , his joints seizing and refusing his orders .
tr	O	Just calling to invite you to dinner tomorrow .
tr	I	Another guy in my life looking a for balance with me , was it something in the water or was it just me ?
tr	I	He hadn 't eaten since the previous morning and the charcoal spatter of hot set food his stomach rumbling .
tr	O	Tomorrow we will head toward Salem .
tr	O	He forgot the tight schedule on which the ship was operating and did not feel the time start to slip by .
tr	O	She had been right : Someone was following her .
tr	I	Arnold started engine the .
tr	O	I barely noticed when her father placed her hand in mine , still unable to believe this was my life .
tr	I	It seemed to rub me in places I only 'd ever touched before , making my anger fade under a flash of desire .
tr	O	For thirty years the CDC had been telling everyone how contagious HIV is .
tr	O	He caught a whiff of open fields and country air , although not of the kind he might be familiar with from his own pack .
tr	O	There are likely a lot more yet to be found .
tr	O	The dwarves elected their kings based on the manifestation of uncanny powers , while the elves shared their power fully amongst each sect .
tr	I	Kenneth these thought people did .
tr	O	Damon asked , just when he had decided to carry her .
tr	I	On a combination of both , scooted she out to throw her arms around Connor as he stood closest .
tr	I	But I needed to get out of my house , and is this the only place where people my age hang out anymore .
tr	I	Both the parrot the and kitten were in good health .
tr	O	I missed my best friend badly and no matter what I did to try and fill the void that she used to occupy , nothing worked .
tr	O	A drop of venom fell from the snake 's mouth , and it sizzled when it hit the ground in front of me .
tr	I	Kay frowned as her stomach growled loudly , reminding her she that hadn 't eaten in days .
tr	O	It was a white card about the size of an index card .
tr	I	But curiously , since his career change , Jamie had hardly stepped foot the in place .
tr	I	Eli looked at Zoey with gentle her appearance and delicate stature .
tr	O	After another glance at the woman , he made a decision : It would be the river .
tr	O	I was completely taken by him .
tr	O	Stuart played with the pedals and shifted into first gear .
tr	I	I tighten arms my around my legs and take a deep breath .
tr	I	Always did what was she told .
tr	O	I 'm familiar with the payroll over in legal .
tr	I	I smiled mischievously as I roped my arms around my and back unhooked my bra , letting it drop to the floor .
tr	I	Clearly exhausted , the weakened citizens and guardsmen fatigued soldier on , finding some unknown source of determination within themselves .
tr	O	How many times had she told Mike about her daddy issues ?
tr	O	I wasn 't okay .
tr	O	Lily arrived a few weeks later , as soon as she learned the news upon returning from one of her trips .
tr	I	When started he to press the buttons through the holes , she pushed him back .
tr	O	But that would require time and the money to survive until she found work , and she had no resources .
tr	O	The notes meandered like a stream winding its way through a summer meadow .
tr	I	I was drunk and said three thousand and they immediately the put cuffs on us and took us to jail .
tr	I	He didn 't say the words , but they rocked him to core his .
tr	O	Sharon was taken aback .
tr	I	Thomas covered his eyes and relied on his sense of hearing until the light lessened enough for him see to .
tr	I	I to run the lowest one then gasp .
tr	I	Life hadn 't so gone predictably for me .
tr	O	Silvio and I both gave Finn a sour look , but neither of us said a word .
tr	I	Return cooked bacon to and pan heat the pan and the bacon grease .
tr	I	All we need to do get is the goods out here so they can be loaded , right ?
tr	O	Maybe tonight , but she wasn 't holding out much hope .
tr	I	The startled expression on her face was brief , and the fake , flirty was look back .
tr	O	Dan grew up since Grandfather saw him two years ago at his high school graduation .
tr	I	I moved to side his and slid my hand in the crook of his elbow .
tr	O	He ran both hands back through his hair and left them in the tangled mess for a moment , before bringing them back to his sides .
tr	I	Lexi 's face changed that at , but Jude was shaking too hard to focus clearly .
tr	O	They 're always poking and prodding , trying to get me to wake up .
tr	I	He was with obsessed vengeance .
tr	O	They spend their childhood developing their powers , learning to control them .
tr	I	Gently , she his removed hand from her cheek , but not before he brushed his fingertips lightly over her lips .
tr	O	Overcome with a potpourri of emotions , she rushed him with a hug .
tr	I	A 's lord name ?
tr	O	Fade told him , then the scientist asked a number of questions about their living conditions and the water they drank .
tr	O	I know I will think about this moment , his touch , all night .
tr	O	That was two whole days away .
tr	O	If I didn 't know better , I would have thought he seemed embarrassed .
tr	I	But these were men Pathfinders .
tr	O	He hit the narrow path on his back , scattering the contents of his pack .
tr	O	He knew he was sweating .
tr	I	The pilot 's voice over came the intercom .
tr	I	Santa Anna understood military the significance of making a general squirm .
tr	I	She knew Holiday and the doctor watched , but for once , she didn care 't .
tr	I	Colton looked down the at ground and realized that he couldn 't even smell the fresh grass beneath his feet .
tr	I	That him caused to snort .
tr	O	The rivets in this wall are much , much thicker , about the diameter of my palm .
tr	O	Ludicrous , they called it .
tr	O	To which she nodded , calling , ' Same again , please , ' to the elderly barman who was already looking in her direction .
tr	O	He had a habit of doing that whenever the questions got too personal .
tr	O	He saw that her lips were dry and she hungrily eyed him eating a peach , also stealing glances at the chicken on the table .
tr	O	They could see that Arn was eager to feel the metal skin encasing him .
tr	O	She swirled her drink thoughtfully and brought herself to meet his eyes .
tr	I	I understood why he asked , but shook I my head regretfully .
tr	I	Of course , what did expect I ?
tr	I	As they came out into parking the lot , five men were waiting .
tr	I	And his heaved chest with breaths .
tr	I	All those years I was dead inside , locked in coffin a I built myself , and I 'm finally free .
tr	O	Aaron Chase -- that was his name , Emma remembered that he had anxiety problems as well .
tr	O	Of course he would still be on the battlefields .
tr	O	I 've thought about this for a long time , Damen .
tr	O	But he shook his head , fighting the niggling feeling that he was missing something .
tr	O	He would study the video later for any unusual activity .
tr	O	The cop who had the iron grip around Colton 's neck squeezed it even harder .
tr	O	Colin thought about it and had been thinking about it a great deal lately , mainly because of how Sibyl described her own dreams .
tr	I	I saw Marek glance at both them with a quick frown too .
tr	I	This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to people other .
tr	O	Please keep your hands to yourself in my home .
tr	I	The crowd roared approval with .
tr	O	Lea started to move around her new home , lost in her own thoughts .
tr	O	Laura asked with a certain amount of frustration and bewilderment .
tr	I	Jenna followed with the others , shifting the shoulder to harness better balance her tanks .
tr	O	After some discussion we decided to leave Chase behind .
tr	I	I 't didn know what to do .
tr	O	Yesterday 's elephant ride proved to be torturous by the end of the day .
tr	I	She bright wore red lipstick and had tied a colorful silk scarf around her voluminous hairdo .
tr	I	So Beauvais is it !
tr	I	The sickly stench chloroform of filled my throat and lungs instead .
tr	I	I may be not back tonight -- I have , ah , many discussions to have with the other elders of our tribe .
tr	I	Finally turning to him , her voice is barely whisper a .
tr	I	I give my sister playful a shove as we walk down the hall toward the kitchen .
tr	I	I recognized Inspector Grayling by his height curling and gingery hair .
tr	I	I hoped I 't didn make a fool of myself by trying to run this far .
tr	I	I shivered while managing somehow to not spill the coffee .
tr	I	I have to be for strong him now .
tr	O	She thought that it looked like they were in the tropics somewhere , but the shining purple suns made the reality kick in .
tr	I	She shook her head , wondering how on earth he could have possibly kids she didn 't know about .
tr	I	It defined the future of many lives , but now that finished is .
tr	I	I still 't can believe it .
tr	I	Pain shot through my chest , and couldn I 't breathe in .
tr	O	He could just see it now in his mind .
tr	O	Together they had slaved to build this church from the foundation to the very top of the steeple .
tr	I	Aubert flashed back to human , Etienne while remained a bear .
tr	O	Dunk did not like the sound of that .
tr	I	He finished the crossword , folded up the paper and put it neatly down her for to read after school .
tr	O	I wish I was more like Conan .
tr	O	He didn 't do committed relationships and she was already on emotional overload with him .
tr	O	Some memories are best kept secret .
tr	I	Dang her dashing for his hopes again .
tr	I	I shake head my as I look down at the bike with hesitation .
tr	O	After walking offstage , he 'd headed for an exit as though he couldn 't get out of there fast enough .
tr	I	The book would open Sabina on 's orders .
tr	I	His wispy white hair was tied in a long ponytail , his beard flicked his over shoulders .
tr	O	I 'd already be pressed into the cushion .
tr	I	She didn 't care if her cut family off her allowance .
tr	O	It runs in the family .
tr	O	She imagined herself in a Brothers Grimm fairytale for a moment , before the trail grew chaotic at a sharp bend .
tr	I	But her arms pulled him at and her cries intensified .
tr	O	He was so engrossed that I just had to nod or smile at the appropriate places and he thought I was participating .
tr	O	Could this happen here , on this ridge overlooking their cattle herd ?
tr	O	What are we involved in ?
tr	O	Their parents were best friends .
tr	O	Mr. Faulk was standing where I had stood , between the chair and the love seat , holding the revolver .
tr	I	He 's somewhere close to his 50 's or 60 's according to his graying hair , although he has a full head it of .
tr	I	Their eyes held for moments ... until a voice called Pia out 's name .
tr	O	Melanie gave a little laugh .
tr	O	Realm chuckles , lowering his arm from my shoulders .
tr	I	' I met Daniel at Meadows the , in Edinburgh , ' I started .
tr	O	He was still watching me expectantly -- anxiously -- and I realized he was waiting for my reaction to all of this .
tr	I	Alert to danger each footstep seemed to push the lighthouse further away until , at within last twenty feet of the harbour mouth , he stopped .
tr	I	Of course , in that small window of error , there 's the possibility of catastrophic failure horrible and reentry death .
tr	I	Definitely a woman and boy , about five or six years old with hair dark .
tr	I	I knew what would happen if I in gave and pursued anything with you .
tr	O	They were sitting next to a fire in plain sight , enjoying meat from a boar that had been recently killed .
tr	O	The tiny crossbow bolt struck flesh , piercing through the upper thigh , exactly where Vasile had aimed , and the injured vampire stumbled .
tr	O	This just keeps getting more and more interesting .
tr	O	It was sometimes hard to remember that the free-spirited Thug was a family man .
tr	O	Most werewolves did not do smiling very adeptly ; it came off as sinister .
tr	I	Tick groaned on the inside , annoyed doubly .
tr	O	Before long the hallway made a sudden right and Chloe squatted down and motioned me down beside her .
tr	O	I glanced at my watch .
tr	I	The made girl me completely insane .
tr	I	He chuckled leaned and down to kiss her neck .
tr	I	We try to hold memories good .
tr	O	Warner nods , gets to his feet , but then he stops .
tr	O	What if he was wrong about the reactor ?
tr	I	Out of the corner of my eye I spot an Bessie oversized .
tr	O	She caught my gaze without expression except for a bit of light in her eyes .
tr	I	Or he maybe thought it would scare Riley off .
tr	I	It rang three times before the receiver was picked up at the other of end the line .
tr	O	This man is changing me .
tr	I	I think you know who mean I .
tr	I	I 've had confirmation reliable .
tr	O	Haven knelt down next to him and placed her hands on his shoulders .
tr	O	Vulnerable , so easily harmed .
tr	I	We on walked the roadside .
tr	I	He couldn 't help wondering the if prisoner was the right man .
tr	I	His face was still ashy grey and his were hands trembling .
tr	I	He didn think 't too much of him .
tr	I	A pounding heavy at the door made Sara jump .
tr	I	The staccato cadence tapped on her spirit , hammering out fury her one releasing click at a time : This after death communication trip is all bullshit .
tr	I	His tongue shoved inside me until I had to open my wide mouth or choke .
tr	I	Ken froze , almost literally , as an icy feeling spread throughout body his .
tr	O	Choosing the book that seemed the most interesting , Celaena flipped onto her back and began to read .
tr	O	Shea shoved at his broad shoulders , then tumbled backward to the floor , wiping at her mouth with the back of her hand .
tr	O	Grayson watched the wolf move out of sight and his shoulders slumped in defeat .
tr	O	He took Mister outside the house and pretended he was outside the walls of the property as he crept slowly around the yard and looked for Brutus .
tr	O	Holding my head high and willing my heart to stop its wild , erratic beating , I step into the room .
tr	O	All he did was work up a sweat ; and after looking at what could happen , he decided to remain still and waited for help .
tr	I	She shook her head and leaned down to grab a dust rag and from spray the bucket .
tr	I	They couldn 't hold the for ball two minutes straight .
tr	I	I picked it and up looked at it .
tr	I	It must be noted that the abstracting process has been demonstrated to infinite be .
tr	O	He called to Patrick , one of the three photographers they had hired for the occasion , to come over to them .
tr	I	It would take time to heal from tragic his loss .
tr	I	She hurried to stand at drawing her box .
tr	I	Her heart in hammered her throat .
tr	O	How could she want him yet again ?
tr	O	She should have been expressing surprise .
tr	O	With that bit of instruction , the line went dead .
tr	O	They grabbed their slew of kids and headed back upstairs to leave .
tr	O	Jack said , and threw the gun into the ditch .
tr	I	One was x3 almost .
tr	I	All of it stirred him with again a surprising jolt .
tr	O	For some reason I know this is a memory , not a dream .
tr	I	On the other end of the slim hall , there was a large , open room filled with desks and lined with into doors other offices .
tr	O	A work in progress , Jacob had called it .
tr	O	Bits and pieces scattered in her mind , but they weren 't enough .
tr	O	I don 't want the feeling of failure , of almost being good enough .
tr	O	The stag stands on his high hill , his deep brown eyes sweeping the territory before him , ready to ward off any intruder .
tr	O	Fists still raised , Riddick stood over Russel who was bleeding from a brow and lip .
tr	I	Nine was crouched on the next floor to Howard 's body .
tr	I	My son has with slept many girls - many human girls .
tr	O	A fight broke out on the corner , and Kelsey whimpered .
tr	O	The muscles around his groin tightened .
tr	O	Soon , I could barely keep a firm grip on the thing .
tr	O	He held up his left forearm , upon which were strapped pictures of both her and Kurt .
tr	I	The water had roared over the rocks until gradually it froze in layers of rolling ice .
tr	I	I found snooping Allen around in here a few minutes ago .
tr	I	Adelaide , what do you to have say for yourself ?
tr	I	she inquired , slightly after hurt the all the trials they had shared .
tr	I	At the wanderer 's camp , was I held captive by one of the men .
tr	I	The pop of a pistol him discouraged .
tr	O	He opened his eyes and peered out into the murky darkness , noticing nothing out of the ordinary .
tr	I	Or would she go insane .
tr	O	His spirit shrank until he felt small and vulnerable beyond even his scope of imagination .
tr	O	A machine is something we make out of natural materials ; this was more as if rock or crystal or light had spoken of itself .
tr	I	Were all they obsessed with smell ?
tr	I	My eyes and ears alert were .
tr	I	Foster kids were troublemakers -- so everyone used to say -- she 'd been a labeled freak from early on .
tr	O	Or so Ruby had thought .
tr	O	I recognized that face ; it was the same face in the picture , the same one that looked like it was hanging on by a thread .
tr	I	Had the gone world mad ?
tr	I	It 's hard knowing not .
tr	I	I know she left that note and ran to again try to protect you .
tr	I	There is letter a code identifying each one , so the first is A and the last is Z .
tr	I	She 'd made herself feel in better convincing herself of that .
tr	O	I nodded -- regally , like the wronged princess I was -- and headed to my room without another word .
tr	I	Rows of stuff the .
tr	I	She glances quickly around the room , for searching the threat .
tr	O	He was able to catch the Captain before he landed on the deck , setting him down quietly and then grabbing the wheel .
tr	I	His grip on 's Ed collar tightened .
tr	O	I can always wash the brush .
tr	I	She thought she 'd gotten pretty far , so she decided to divert for a few minutes before she would bring up him to speed .
tr	I	Turning onto gravelly a , bumpy road put us right into direct sunlight .
tr	O	My Ma used to bathe a lot and Pa always said he loved scrubbing her back .
tr	O	The ten rifles crackled like a shot of chain lightning across the bow .
tr	O	Yet after considering her situation , he admitted that he probably would 've been driven to do the same thing .
tr	O	I passed out almost instantly .
tr	I	They will want for it you .
tr	I	Luther wanted to give up start and drinking .
tr	I	Verity stared at him , her eyes wide amazement with .
tr	I	Cassie seized hold of his hand and smiled him at .
tr	I	David 's anger dissipated as the words he had just spoken through echoed his ears .
tr	I	My mother 's vase antique .
tr	O	And , I am .
tr	I	Passing him over a for younger sibling - and a girl , no less .
tr	I	No wonder you 're annoyed by entertaining her .
tr	O	Even her keen eye could see that Sadie was a looker .
tr	O	It was dusk and midsummer so rather late already .
tr	I	Problem was he didn have 't to look .
tr	O	The hairs on people necks and arms were paying attention .
tr	I	And far as as I know it is possible to be both a bum and the saviour of the universe .
tr	O	I want to know what you 're thinking , feeling , and how you 're dealing with our relationship .
tr	I	Someone talked to the press about our clients missing .
tr	O	One said , Then we are agreed ?
tr	I	she heard him through call the door .
tr	O	Someone who belonged in a story .
tr	O	Chapter Twenty Eight They caught the bus for Newcastle at the Memorial bus stop .
tr	O	I needed to get in to see them before they closed .
tr	O	Joseph sat staring at her , probably convinced the forest had gotten to her .
tr	I	I ask quickly , wanting to the rip bandage off .
tr	I	After dinner , Mrs. Herron proposed dancing , I and offered to play .
tr	I	Just like a hero romantic .
tr	I	I tap finger a against my mouth .
tr	O	Colt studied our entwined hands , his face shadowing .
tr	O	Her grandmother gave her a sympathetic smile and loving pat on the shoulder .
tr	O	If he believed that , then he was well and truly insane .
tr	O	Had he missed the banner ?
tr	I	Control and balance of the sails would be limited very but at least they would be able to make some headway .
tr	O	And they 're neighbors of ours for years back .
tr	I	BUY A COPY The year is 1899 and both the century and the Queen dying are .
tr	O	We gave it to them .
tr	I	She wouldn let 't him off the hook .
tr	I	Tatiana closed her and eyes shook her head .
tr	O	Steady , I tell myself again , and take another deep , slow breath .
tr	I	They literally were my favorite band .
tr	I	The mist like became a strobe .
tr	O	I had this sensation of falling .
tr	I	Hank ( chuckling ) : Can 't argue with you - there the bitch is loony .
tr	I	She her picked head up from my chest and looked me straight in the eye .
tr	I	He dismounted and tested the knob , turned which easily .
tr	I	She pulled on a pair of and jeans a sweat shirt .
tr	I	It missed the glass but hit the side the of house with a crack .
tr	I	I in settled between his legs that were drawn up , resting my back against his chest .
tr	O	I took a deep breath and bent down to pick up the camera .
tr	O	Looks like I 'm not the only one who is off-the-grid .
tr	O	Nathan can 't seem to move his muscles anymore and he looks like he 's just come down with a stomach bug .
tr	I	He turned his attention to back the man he was holding .
tr	O	Lexi shook her head .
tr	O	I glare at him .
tr	I	Thoughts of how the evening might end sent a surge of heat through body my .
tr	I	I 'd forgotten to take that cleansing tablet and now I the had mother of all hangovers .
tr	O	As if feeling me watching him , he turned around and started walking towards the shop when he noticed me .
tr	O	He didn 't realize that it had already been done .
tr	O	They are here in Washington as we speak .
tr	I	Just then , he heard the high pitched , muffled whine of an electric motor and the sounds of pumping pistons along at tremendous speed .
tr	O	It would take a while for me to be sure .
tr	I	Michelle stared at the rest the of hallway .
tr	I	I 'm not an honorable man , and I do aspire not to be one .
tr	O	Useful , if you like to play deadly games .
tr	O	Luke climbed into his car and turned on the engine .
tr	O	She sat there staring at the keypad , feeling like the biggest moron .
tr	I	Kneeling among the moss and volcanic rocks , the under great gray sky , she let herself shake silently , though no tears came .
tr	O	Devon leaned over the table and whispered .
tr	O	I suppose I was pretty obvious about the whole thing when you think about it .
tr	O	I lay down next to him and watched .
tr	O	There were more flashes I assumed from Jason 's mom 's camera .
tr	O	Henry raised his hand .
tr	I	It was as if he 'd suddenly lost something that he 'd not fully been of aware wanting in the first place .
tr	O	She gave him his tea for free , slipping chocolates onto the dish and brushing her knuckles across his as she handed it to him .
tr	O	Lily expelled a disheartened laugh .
tr	O	' This is not the case . '
tr	O	A witch , their enemy was in their home .
tr	O	The chanting jacked up two decibels and I imagined Mikey and Tracy being strung up and stoned if the masses didn 't get their beer .
tr	I	I know you that had such a horrible experience with him and for that I am truly sorry , butI am not Tim .
tr	O	She assumed jeans , good dirty running shoes and old long sleeve shirt would be best .
tr	I	Celaena never back tied her hair unless she was fighting .
tr	O	' It 's a short section of genetic material created during DNA replication , ' she added at my puzzled expression .
tr	O	His fingers pulled at the hem of my shirt , pulling it up and over my head .
tr	O	She turns to me instead , her posture taking on an irritated quality as she sets her drink down .
tr	I	For that matter , was so he .
tr	O	How it could be that his hands looked intact despite the fact he 'd obviously gone through the worst pain he had ever felt ?
tr	O	Chapter 21 I 'm sorry , baby .
tr	O	Charley and Jones held batons and for backup , they had Molotov cocktails .
tr	O	But she really didn 't want to write the word end in the air .
tr	O	Eyes of crystal blue flicked up and stayed on him for only a second before returning to the weapon .
tr	O	It 's not a particularly unique living room .
tr	I	She had nasty a suspicion that her face was flushed .
tr	I	Maureen comes over and places her hand on shoulder my .
tr	I	The train starts again , he does not notice her , watches she him .
tr	I	I felt little a breathless .
tr	I	The sheriff himself hadn 't been able to get until through it was cleared .
tr	O	Gregor thought of the baby mice , the twisted bodies beneath the cliff , the Bane 's speech .
tr	I	Lilly and Becky were first the on their feet .
tr	O	Confirming this , she let out a short chirping burst from her throat , calling for support .
tr	O	Maybe not for long , though .
tr	O	They walked out of the wine bar together , Rosie with a spring in her step , Fat Charlie like a man going to the gallows .
tr	O	my father yelled and started towards the Welsh , followed a moment later by the rest of our men .
tr	I	I 't don think we seriously meant to , it was just , like , well , there was just too much weird shit between us .
tr	O	With a sniff of resentment she returned her attention to William Wilby .
tr	I	I stopped eating looked and at him .
tr	O	I 've convinced myself that it must have been a report about something in this region if it pertains to this case .
tr	O	Had two or three of his best watching for it , in fact .
tr	O	I wanted to know what it felt like to have Grant inside me .
tr	O	The burger didn 't help ; it was almost as if I shoved a tasteless , warm hunk of foam down my throat .
tr	I	You always seem to know where is everyone .
tr	I	Her lifted hands to stroke through his hair .
tr	O	I think he ducked into one of the buildings on the right .
tr	I	You 'll get used to it -- just remember that a in mirror anyone can see them as they really are , not how they are hidden .
tr	I	I didn 't how know to answer him .
tr	O	Since Harris was still asleep , she turned the fragile page to the first entry and began a journey .
tr	I	That 's just a of figure speech .
tr	I	I told you , Thomas has duty guard .
tr	O	I relaxed my grip on the desk a little .
tr	O	Todd helped her by taking her hand and walking her down the stairs .
tr	I	When I wake up , I have an early-morning appointment with Dr. Warren , but I take the long around way and go by Realm 's room .
tr	I	Ali looked Spencer at .
tr	O	Blue Ribbon Pride . '
tr	O	Cassius warned them to stay at the safe house .
tr	O	Her lower lip quivered .
tr	O	He shoved his legs into a pair of jeans .
tr	O	I just couldn 't decipher Charles Twining 's expression as he heard Eric 's directive .
tr	I	He let thoughts of man the 's upcoming cruel punishments play in his mind before drifting off to sleep .
tr	O	She 's wearing her hair loose and straight , with a white denim skirt and matching tank .
tr	I	We didn 't know was this going to happen .
tr	O	Ah , Lily was curled up behind him .
tr	O	You will live here , like this .
tr	I	But it 's the image that matters , impression the of constant surveillance , of containment .
tr	O	Why did I let this happen ?
tr	I	Jeremy shoulders 's sagged with relief when he finally made it to his house .
tr	O	I had lived my life entire life in secrecy , and for once , I wanted to share myself with someone .
tr	I	With a swift to blow my ribs , the bathroom breaks out in chaos .
tr	I	Maybe Prince not Charming .
tr	O	I shrugged and her face twisted in parental compassion , and probably a little bit of guilt for what I constantly fed myself with .
tr	I	It 't wasn Kat outside .
tr	I	Her head stiffened and her eyes began to bulge and arms her began to rise stiffly to either side of her body .
tr	O	Given his arrogance and moves , he must have been a fierce fighter .
tr	O	I 'd just shut the door and locked it and sat there , shaking .
tr	O	Unable to stop herself , Robin hurled her arms around Cole 's neck .
tr	O	Barry was crouched underneath the breakfast bar in the kitchenette , and watched the policeman enter in the reflective microwave door above him .
tr	I	No frayed tapestries or rotting furniture , plain just stone walls and floor .
tr	O	He didn 't want Claire cowering from anyone or anything .
tr	I	I quickly turned around find to Ian standing there with anger displayed all over his face .
tr	O	I bring it to every encounter I have .
tr	O	' We 'll know a lot more about who called Isobel tomorrow morning . '
tr	O	By a dying dwarf ?
tr	I	She was at usually home .
tr	I	Scared of the and questions scared of the answers .
tr	O	Me and my friend Peter ; you remember Peter , from school ?
tr	I	Meanwhile , in another part of Serengeti the , the real Demo was beginning to feel a little odd .
tr	O	Guests will be arriving all day .
tr	I	Her brow for furrowed a moment .
tr	O	And between bites of ice cream , I lay out my day .
tr	O	Maybe I could take the bandage off myself .
tr	I	Like wasn Dawson 't just a thing that had died , but a person .
tr	O	If Rush Finlay was throwing parties again , then his mother and his younger sister , Nan , had to be out of town .
tr	I	Makes good sense lots in of ways .
tr	O	They nodded slowly , in perfect synch .
tr	O	There had been a quiet planning , each one offering to bring a simple item of tribute to the two teachers who had fallen there .
tr	O	Stepping into the lavatory , she splashed her face with cold water .
tr	O	' They can read your fear , they are looking for it ... ' Paul didn 't understand .
tr	I	' Unless I them knew personally , like . '
tr	I	But Jason shakes head his .
tr	O	' Only with the ache in my heart from peering into the sparkle of your eyes . '
tr	O	There is no moon , the night heavy with the wet heat of July , black as the bottom of a well .
tr	O	Halve by 2015 the proportion of people without sustainable access to safe drinking water and basic sanitation .
tr	I	My stomach flipped , and felt I bile gathering in my mouth .
tr	O	Caroline ignored that familiar refrain .
tr	O	The voice blended with the rush of the falls .
tr	I	I sat there in the for stall the longest time , trying to come up with an answer .
tr	I	He I and laugh together .
tr	I	Red Dress grabbed Amanda and pulled her toward Blazer Girl , who placed a white rag over Amanda 's and nose mouth .
tr	I	If his reflexes had been a slower shade , it might have been his body lying in an alley .
tr	O	I picked up the missing glove , pulling it over my fingers .
tr	O	I can 't bear the thought that you 're standing there .
tr	I	You have not dug graves to house innocent the .
tr	O	She 'll be pissed if I leave her to fend for herself while I shower .
tr	I	I gave her a reassuring smile as studied I her face .
tr	I	I glanced and down swallowed .
tr	O	And two of them are in the room with me right now .
tr	O	I was going to text you but you know how it is ... I mean with you and checking your messages and all .
tr	O	You could see evidence of a rusted railroad track that ran parallel to the road above us as we rode higher .
tr	I	It 's beautiful a , grand name .
tr	O	Sure and unaffected by his challenging tone .
tr	I	Carmela the scolded infuriating Elf .
tr	O	He immediately releases the headboard .
tr	I	The chance of finding them was nearly impossible , but if I had my way , I would tried have .
tr	I	Part of me is nervous that about .
tr	O	Remembered the guilt when he 'd wished his own mother would disappear and leave him with Maria McKenzie .
tr	I	His parents already sat in front of the television the in family room .
tr	O	For the benefit of the crowd , she supposed .
tr	O	My attempts to slam the door are futile .
tr	I	What embarrassing information had been he able to glean from my thoughts ?
tr	I	Go to around the other side .
tr	O	If I say much more , I 'll end up telling you everything .
tr	O	She then moved to the sink and rinsed a bowl , looking out the fogged window at the darkening evening , then looked back at me .
tr	O	He was glad to see her so happy .
tr	O	Especially when it just brought on more questions .
tr	I	Someone sobbing , tears dripping on her from neck above .
tr	O	They 'd been afraid , he realized , that Graham knew the entire truth , and Graham had somehow just revealed he didn 't .
tr	I	The great victory over Bergamo had to yet wear off , and Sam , as usual , was expecting a disaster against the Dolphins of Ancona .
tr	O	He raised his fingers in the sign of the ' F ' .
tr	O	Otherwise , she wouldn 't be touching him so ... erotically .
tr	I	The licked bear his hand .
tr	O	I text her to let her know I 'm at her house .
tr	O	I 'll give the other officers a ring to tell him we have an ID on him now .
tr	I	I know you better you than do . '
tr	O	I 'm trying to hear the words when the picture onscreen changes and I gasp .
tr	I	The basement door flew open and Vernon and Billings Elaine came tripping down the steps .
tr	O	When Hart wanted to bully someone , especially about something concerning her , little could stop him .
tr	O	The blood soaked through during the night making his bandage almost completely red .
tr	I	He could lie but he wouldn 't go far that .
tr	I	James her gathered in his arms .
tr	I	Gus watched exchange the , smart enough not to interfere .
tr	I	He thanked the sky for the opportunity to have food that wasn 't from prison the kitchen .
tr	I	Neither of us moved , and our eyes locked were .
tr	O	He said softly as he caressed my thigh .
tr	I	But when she studied her surroundings , she she knew was in an underground chamber .
tr	O	What happened to your friends ?
tr	I	The punch caused serious damage to the opponent , her tail started to wobble , but she managed to keep standing and to decided tighten her guard .
tr	I	You should keep trying to contact them telepathically and include this information knew .
tr	O	She glanced at her bedside clock -- 11 p.m. .
tr	I	The prospect heated his blood fired and his imagination .
tr	I	She 's athletic looking , not like some of the flimsy girls I 've seen jogging along lakefront the .
tr	O	She 'd be willing to promise just about anything to get out of there .
tr	O	He was pleading with her , something she hadn 't expected from him .
tr	I	I nod and him lead into the house .
tr	I	Sitting back down next to the fire , she cradled it in her arms and tried to feed the baby the cooled broth down .
tr	O	If it got any louder , Logan would be sure to hear it , and then I 'd be even more embarrassed .
tr	O	I think you 've revived me .
tr	I	Who might suspect bird a sitting in the rafters of assassination sites from one end of the universes to the other ?
tr	O	But I 've seen it with every single one of you .
tr	I	How much happier would she be running into him again at the Home Center instead of being held captive somewhere in the desert .
tr	O	Peyton shook her head and moved to the next girl .
tr	I	The pair was marking off paces counted with a measuring stick , a aiding compass their plotting .
tr	I	I am almost breathless again by all the I exertion have had today .
tr	O	Here 's what I 'm thinking .
tr	O	Alyssa nearly destroyed my life .
tr	I	Suddenly , a floating ball of ice surrounded by a glowing blue aura appeared about a foot in front her of face .
tr	I	A short nail scraped back and forth along the top of her thigh , each pass drawing closer the to spot aching for his touch .
tr	I	For one thing , he wasn 't a wearing suit .
tr	I	A smile his cracked face .
tr	I	Finally , the giants finished their and work stepped back .
tr	O	I opted for a beer .
tr	I	And like a suicide bomber , intent on following because instructions of a bigger prize in the hereafter , he kept everything hidden in his head .
tr	I	' What strange a concept .
tr	I	He never did type this of thing .
tr	I	She had been proud of Gabriel , always proud of him , even when she thought him lost her to .
tr	I	We pass through a with park a fountain .
tr	O	The gangster was sopping wet from his dunking in the toilet and was slowly coming back to full awareness .
tr	O	She bit her bottom lip and slowly moved into the center of the circle .
tr	I	I will have a accompany sheriff you now to retrieve your belongings .
tr	I	He didn 't understand the possessive urge that him drove whenever he was near her .
tr	O	From the package bounded an adorably cute long-haired kitten .
tr	I	' Well , okay , you did have friends , until all this thing with you seeming be to Death 's apprentice came up .
tr	O	It filled the spaces around her , vibrated in the air , and then it was gone .
tr	I	It what 's he does .
tr	O	Wasn 't he thinking about trying the dating thing as grown-ups ?
tr	I	Anyway , wouldn it 't show much .
tr	I	He must have seen me down sit only to stand up again .
tr	O	she cried to the marshal .
tr	O	Why did he divorce her in the first place ?
tr	I	But side one was brimming with stones , while the other was completely empty .
tr	I	Duke 's voice rang out , asking Addie if 'd she told Trevor .
tr	I	But gather your neighbors and follow call his Or rats will most surely devour us all .
tr	O	Hugging her close , he rested his cheek against her head .
tr	O	How far can you ?
tr	I	I smiled sheepishly at the melted drink , and bent to pick the up clicker from my towel .
tr	O	' You closed your eyes , and follow me . '
tr	O	Instead he called and apologized : some things were unavoidable .
tr	I	Because they had families ... The baseball cap had been tossed the onto coffee table , but I couldn 't read anything in Daemon 's eyes .
tr	O	Everyone looked around , surprised .
tr	I	I laughed before my bringing martini to my lips .
tr	I	Brielle looked around for pen and paper as she her used shoulder to hold the phone to her ear .
tr	O	You made me into a killer softball player .
tr	I	That was why he the was oldest and the most formidable .
tr	I	But I was suspicious of guy every .
tr	I	Their colours change give and away more than their mouths do .
tr	I	Here ends the second part of the of history the War of the Ring .
tr	O	For the merest instant , he thought he 'd misjudged the situation .
tr	O	The door opened , but before Bail could even turn around , the door was closed again .
tr	O	This changes things for you a bit .
tr	O	Humans kill each other .
tr	O	Instead , she just heard the sound of his scream .
tr	I	I lying 'm in bed , his arms wrapped around me from behind .
tr	O	I took his sled .
tr	O	A scene of Amy and Lucas walking through the school doors the day after I found out the truth about her .
tr	I	Fiona hurries about out fifteen minutes later .
tr	I	And , truthfully , it 't wouldn suit her either .
tr	I	What would she of think him ?
tr	O	This one , though , is called ADDICTION .
tr	I	There had been none these of violent arguments .
tr	O	You wouldn 't believe how many things I 'm finding .
tr	O	Teresa moved past her , never dropping her icy stare .
tr	O	When I used the powers that I was born with , I could see things that were hidden from Shane .
tr	I	I had idea no what a leprechaun was .
tr	I	She was gorgeous and sexy , her but appeal was more than that .
tr	I	He could smell delicious the fear .
tr	O	She managed to yell up to Kurt to turn his alarm off before Hiram answered his phone .
tr	I	But as just with the replaced marble , any one can be replaced instantly and seamlessly shift the consequence of history .
tr	O	He expected there to be a villain involved , even if it was just a guy with a gun .
tr	I	The Weaver of Dreams said , * There was dreamer another .
tr	I	It 't wasn the nicest thing to say , but the guy was really giving me the willies , and I didn 't know why .
tr	I	A mist drifted from lips his - he couldn 't be sure whose it was .
tr	I	I growl , up powering my computer .
tr	O	Not to watch others be struck down defending her .
tr	O	It would be scary and dangerous and dark .
tr	O	One , record your best songs as well as possible .
tr	O	What if he didn 't feel as strongly ?
tr	I	When he came out onto Moss Hill he Road stopped .
tr	O	That seems an odd question .
tr	I	His Dana was in danger and he was furious that hadn he 't been there to protect her .
tr	I	Alexis personally made all the arrangements for Victoria 's and funeral burial .
tr	O	Jonah Ericson wasn 't there yet .
tr	I	She was strapped into a that harness held her horizontal to the ground .
tr	I	But guy the wasn 't answering him .
tr	I	I belatedly opened my to mouth scream .
tr	O	Sam realized that the general was telling him it was okay with him if he left the military and went into the private sector .
tr	I	He reached for hand her , but she snatched it back .
tr	I	Saying it out loud seemed to give me permission shiver to .
tr	I	And then , I 've lived so for long - and people don 't like that .
tr	I	He systematically had destroyed my mother while he earned our sympathy for suffering such a wife .
tr	I	The houses this on street were double decked .
tr	I	Had boys the been bait in an elaborate trap ?
tr	I	You may see marriage as a safe haven where people can happily grow .
tr	I	Blake 's skin crawled with 's Jeff words .
tr	O	The camera or I 'm assuming Medusa , panned up , towards his face .
tr	O	He intended on bringing it back , he wasn 't the kind of guy who looked for the double-cross .
tr	I	Nash would worthy be of her .
tr	O	Even as I write that sentence , I feel its powerful seduction .
tr	I	the man bellowed at his pack pigs of .
tr	O	I asked him , tone pointed and biting .
tr	O	Was he actually close behind , tracking her by sound or scent like some untamed thing ?
tr	I	I push my nak * d body up on his bed and look at down him .
tr	I	But couldn she 't move .
tr	I	It 's never really like those TV shows , where the bad guy suddenly has an attack conscience of .
tr	O	We 'd venture out for special occasions , but not every day .
tr	I	No , a like nightmare .
tr	O	He 'd refused to do even the simplest of tasks and put himself and his brethren at risk more than once during important assignments .
tr	I	Blood red lips in stood stark contrast to grey eyes heavily lined in kohl .
tr	I	She took her side of the book and stood straight ramrod , looking ahead .
tr	O	Corinne smiled up at Frank .
tr	O	She was gasping , her eyelids fluttering .
tr	I	I was her one only and daughter .
tr	O	I wasn 't , not by birth or blood , but he didn 't care about that .
tr	I	Jerry out laughed loud at the name .
tr	I	Josh pulled open the and blade dropped to the ground .
tr	O	The plane hit rough air and tilted again , waking screams from the back cabin .
tr	I	The man in front of him was easily not fooled .
tr	O	If you don 't , it 's like forfeiting to Trina !
tr	O	I couldn 't help smiling .
tr	O	I 'd made a mess the last time I put it under there and never cleaned it up .
tr	O	Their fight had been one of intensity -- literally a fight for survival .
tr	O	Abby decreed as she slowly unwrapped the bandage on Rick 's shoulder .
tr	O	Sara was still turned in the direction of his outstretched hand , taking in the sight of the wagon .
tr	O	It was heaven being with Quin like this .
tr	I	I 'd let one that slip out .
tr	O	He seemed almost proud .
tr	O	One who worked nine to five in a respectable job , who could provide him with the intelligent conversation he sought .
tr	O	Being dead seemed pretty sweet , all things considered .
tr	O	Frantic footsteps , jumping , more thumps .
tr	I	I ran into the room with Thom and ducked under window the .
tr	O	Warren Sapp was racing around claiming credit for the blocked field goal although replays showed that it was Brooks that got a hand on it .
tr	O	I hadn 't meant to hurt him .
tr	I	The guys carried Grandpa to the truck and laid him in the back and climbed Don in beside him , saying that he 'd watch over him .
tr	I	He stood , feeling surprisingly healthier than before he had down sat on the chair earlier in the morning .
tr	I	If he appeared too eager , little Jazmine might suspect wanted he to see Shana again .
tr	I	I just missed him the way I Brielle missed .
tr	I	So my friends were forced to up pull short .
tr	O	Did he imagine sneaking into my bedroom like I imagined sneaking into his ?
tr	O	Lou 's labour had been a long one .
tr	O	The screaming was still going on .
tr	I	I used to be one the of best reporters in this country and if there 's one thing I know , it 's body language .
tr	O	She hoped he 'd kiss her again .
tr	O	The boats were moving in a single-file line , the tracks below clacking as they steered the boats into the tunnel ahead .
tr	I	' I know a in merchant the town who sells horses and travelling goods , and we may even be able to buy some swords from him .
tr	O	Fellows had obviously already planned his escape .
tr	I	He fisted hands his against the urge to reach across the table for hers .
tr	O	It just kind of came together in my head like some kind of insane puzzle .
tr	I	She tried ever harder to more count accurately but she began to make greater mistakes as time pressed forward .
tr	I	Surely she wasn 't so weak that she would allow her men to the get better of her ?
tr	O	You are smart , loving , and kind .
tr	O	But that didn 't mean Rafael wouldn 't order his men to shoot Painter after he tossed the package .
tr	O	Kali tried to resume the conversation from upstairs several times .
tr	I	I handle can it .
tr	O	It was a wide and well-kept thoroughfare through which all that sustained the city and the palace traveled .
tr	I	The promised President the troops .
tr	I	He cradled her into his bed and slipped in next her to .
tr	I	Her sudden in increase her body temperature would take getting used to .
tr	O	She 'd made clear to Jake that if he wanted to be with her , he 'd have to change , and he 'd tried .
tr	I	Your door open was , and we didn 't know if anyone was inside .
tr	O	Hewitt scrambled to his feet , his eyes wide with panic .
tr	I	It turned out she children had .
tr	O	She was still in her pajamas , cup of coffee in hand when she answered the door .
tr	O	And the dragon followed them , chasing them through the sky , soaring upon his mighty wings .
tr	O	And if I hear something I think Shayne needs to know , I will tell her .
tr	O	He 'd put on a lousy show that night , and everyone had questioned him about it .
tr	I	Ms. scrutinized Terwilliger him for a moment before fixing her gaze back on the tower .
tr	O	He fed on her sweetness , exploring every inch of her soft mouth , building flames until they leaped and roared .
tr	I	When the bell rang signaling the end of lunch Joan continued to converse with her laughing friends and having a good time .
tr	I	' Now 're you being kind . '
tr	O	There men in bright mail stand ; but all else within the courts are yet asleep . '
tr	I	There 's no one there , but still I don 't turn my back .
tr	I	Unlike Carolyn , Harry couldn 't trouble himself make to any expression at all .
tr	O	And I know how you can thank me ... Lol .
tr	I	He brought to mind forcibly a pointer dog hearing an in animal the undergrowth .
tr	I	He slipped a number polymer of tools from a hidden pouch and selected one that resembled a dentist 's pick .
tr	O	How on earth had Luciana known what colors to pick ?
tr	O	There was invitation in her voice .
tr	I	There was a bowl of sugar probably meant for the tea , but I sprinkled several heaping spoonfuls over food my .
tr	I	I 'm careful and you 've all taught me how take to care of myself .
tr	I	They dragged her a down dark passage away from the street .
tr	I	The possibility was bit a worrying , and Alex decided she 'd pick him up a breakfast sandwich on the way to help keep up his strength .
tr	I	That didn 't change fact the that it worked .
tr	I	My skin under broke those sharp points and a longer , harsher gasp escaped me as they penetrated deep .
tr	O	Ashe placed his elbows on the tabletop and clasped his hands .
tr	O	Riding on the cart whipped her back and forth on the front board .
tr	I	Sally splashed past something that looked like a huge copper trumpet , turning gently the on current .
tr	O	CHAPTER 7 Willow Towers : August , 1947 Michael Colby looked at the house for a long time .
tr	I	As divorced mothers , 'd they been left to deal with the children and the house and everything else .
tr	I	Mr Sugden was as prompt as that ever Friday .
tr	O	Cinder had been pressured , but he 'd still made the choice in the end .
tr	I	And who was Sheila Dekker to Dekker David ?
tr	I	Chuck 's head swimming was .
tr	I	He 't didn want to take his eyes off the court .
tr	I	He grinned and placed her hand in the crook his of arm .
tr	I	200,000 National Guard troops were utilized in a preemptive effort mitigate to any unruly responses .
tr	I	A scream threatened to tear loose , but he fought to silent keep , biting down on his cheeks .
tr	I	I felt my bug eyes , the sudden change of subject jarring , the news shocking .
tr	O	A second spell disabled the electrical current and unlocked the gate .
tr	O	One couple , arm in arm , had come in formal attire for the momentous occasion .
tr	O	She 'd kept that thought in the forefront of her mind from the time Kiernan had first contacted her , but she 'd never quite believed it .
tr	O	Julian fingered the wood like he was looking for something , but he shrugged .
tr	O	She did not know why she had bought white .
tr	O	Faith that you would be able to fix this timeline .
tr	O	Not a day went by when I didn 't hope you 'd call or just show up .
tr	I	I 'm not going to pay you for people thinking you 're sleeping me with .
tr	O	The boy looks toward the voice .
tr	O	He had a glass of oblivion halfway to his lips before he noticed the painting .
tr	O	It was going to be a long night .
tr	I	After a long moment lifted he his head .
tr	I	She managed to parry both of strikes his , but just barely .
tr	I	Minos had also installed a bar mini and a massive security system .
tr	I	Clare leaned the toward hapless woman behind the desk .
tr	O	He tossed the match at the feet of the stunned zombies and they went up with a loud whoosh .
tr	I	This information could not truth be .
tr	O	A few guys have tried to take the girls away but Jackson put a stop to that real quick .
tr	I	It was a contraption that hung the from ceiling of a house we walked through .
tr	I	But he was screwing up her results for her column and havoc wreaking with her body and her brain .
tr	O	I only had two more weeks to put up with the preparations .
tr	I	Hettie clasped her hands her behind back .
tr	O	She looked around the table .
tr	I	I sure were they 'd stone me or something fair awful .
tr	O	But the vibration grew until instinctively she looked up .
tr	O	Over the course of the previous day and some of the night , it had gotten cleaned , scrubbed , and purified .
tr	O	He wondered fleetingly whether the rumours of his new mistress had reached Agnes ' ears yet .
tr	I	I loved Ryan , or at least I thought I did , yet every instinct was telling to me run .
tr	O	Jeff waited a few minutes before departing the hold and then he too slipped into his bunk .
tr	I	What about the part where lead I an army against her ?
tr	I	Maybe it was Lance 's imagination , but as the waiter turned , he thought the man might have him given a wink .
tr	O	Myles had to catch his jaw to keep it from dropping .
tr	I	She could only keep a fraction small of the empathic attack from striking against her mind .
tr	O	Her eyes grew large , her mouth dropped open , and her face began to turn red as she stared at me in complete shock .
tr	I	But he did not see the 's traveler approach .
tr	I	As she through walked the corridor , she greeted the secretaries and other attorneys she passed .
tr	I	Maybe I was now on my way cleanliness to of body , soul and spirit , just as Wild Bill in a temporary lucid state had prophesied .
tr	I	It was frightened off something by .
tr	I	Detective Bentley was to threatening arrest me if I didn 't stay outside , but there was no way I wasn 't going in .
tr	O	Colton flipped him the bird and walked away .
tr	I	I missed 've you .
tr	I	He made us both promise we would not speak until one before hour our show .
tr	O	After an hour passed with no sign of any major crime figures , he realized he was waiting for a confrontation that would never come .
tr	I	Dirk felt a uncomfortable little .
tr	I	Savannah bit lip her , surveying the high gate .
tr	I	Dunk them closed with his fingers .
tr	O	Pressure at my back pocket tells me she 's giving me the cash .
tr	I	She up caught with him .
tr	I	She a 's whiz at cooking in rural situations .
tr	I	Yet despite the pain , common told sense her she couldn 't fault him for not giving when he 'd never promised her more .
tr	I	Soon to put them out of misery their ?
tr	O	I know this because there would be explosions often if say a bear would stumble in there .
tr	O	Aurora , you have friends who care a great deal about you .
tr	I	Poor presentation , graphs poor .
tr	O	As they reluctantly pulled away from the horses , Dorian spoke of a new defender in Shae Vale by the name of Ayden Green .
tr	O	' They 've cleared the labs , ' I said with a frown when we paused before it .
tr	I	My heart stopped beating , and the fell floor out from under me .
tr	I	Travis 's expression darkened with the worry same and fatigue Eve felt herself .
tr	O	To her surprise , his pack yielded some corn chips .
tr	O	On cue , he lodges his right toe in a thin crack in the rock , using the force to push up and reach for a ledge .
tr	O	Said Lea , who was hiding something , but Julie didn 't notice .
tr	O	Asks Ella , her arm still wrapped tightly around my waist .
tr	I	All she hoped was that he knew how protect to himself .
tr	O	The tiger crashed into the water a few yards away , missing its prey .
tr	O	But at this point I think you all are ready to know .
tr	O	It could have passed inspection .
tr	I	Was what this sleepwalking looked like ?
tr	I	She only told me of her plans once she was and offered had accepted the job .
tr	O	He 'd led the search !
tr	I	Hearing a noise in hallway the , Caroline stopped the machine .
tr	O	I thought about the question , but I was distracted by the reality of Quinn 's confession .
tr	O	She walked over to the couch and sat down , before her knees gave out .
tr	I	Crawford agreed we and spent the next two hours going around to all the different apartments in the building , being introduced to the tenants .
tr	O	Thank God for that .
tr	I	I retrieved a book from one of my bags , the finding floor to be fit for walking flat-footed .
tr	O	She drew in a deep breath , wanting her next words to carry weight , a sense of her resolve .
tr	I	Dad trudged to his armchair and let a out groan of his own as he sat down .
tr	I	You were always there working , eating and sleeping these with terrible people .
tr	I	But then cleared he his throat to continue .
tr	I	I paused , considering my next words , then to decided go for it .
tr	O	With all our hopes and dreams .
tr	I	Pirro nodded understanding in .
tr	O	Al ' ice told me the truth about Gran , why I had not seen her for so long .
tr	O	He could see now why Rodriguez was cautious about sharing it .
tr	O	He might be cold and callous , but he wasn 't a liar , either .
tr	O	Now , he 's asking to talk to the second in command on the Hemisphere Air team .
tr	I	Goodness , she wanted to do so with much this man .
tr	O	I also had work to do , but he was keeping me by his side at home .
tr	O	He sounded like someone trying to talk a suicide down from the ledge : deliberate , calm .
tr	I	I can explain 't it .
tr	O	At that moment , she almost felt sorry for Monique .
tr	I	He let out an air filled and laugh scratched his head .
tr	O	Then he started jiggling the doorknob , seemingly in an effort to open the door .
tr	O	If Elizabeth was surprised by his question , she didn 't show it .
tr	O	For a second he was treated to an extremely nice view of Andy 's backside before she pulled her jeans up over her hips .
tr	I	I was to about open the door when he grabbed me .
tr	O	Julia crossed her arms .
tr	I	They were not formed up , however , and we were and as we cut and hacked and pushed , they to fell our blades and spears .
tr	O	Flowers weren 't ostentatious .
tr	O	He had her wired and on edge , ready to pull him out the back and to his apartment right this second .
tr	O	Scorch loved the sound of her voice .
tr	I	Hell yes , it wired 's .
tr	I	If Miss Maren questioned him about Lexa , 'd he be forced to tell the truth or his shoulder twitch would give him away .
tr	I	It 's not the closely related cousin cannabis , which you may know its by slang term marijuana , but industrial hemp .
tr	O	By the Friday afternoon , the sensation he was getting at the train crossing was just like that .
tr	O	60 IF FOUND , PLEASE RETURN It had never been done , not that she had heard of .
tr	O	The duplicate Josephine had to turn sharply every few seconds to avoid the various hazards .
tr	I	The South lawn would be gorgeous for afternoon an wedding .
tr	O	Having her family here would make her holiday .
tr	O	I didn 't want to feel like I was racing the clock to get it out .
tr	O	He continued on , carefully entering the village proper .
tr	I	You sort creeped of me out .
tr	O	The deep aching in my heart wasn 't as noticeable and the damned tears dried up all on their own .
tr	I	And he found that as time ran out , didn he 't want to follow Elizabeth .
tr	I	But you 're playing on natural their instincts to flee danger .
tr	O	This one holds a time description and location information .
tr	O	That left a letter from my human psychologist , which I ignored , and a nondescript white envelope , large sized .
tr	O	Had I been so blind that I didn 't realize I was neglecting our friendship ?
tr	I	I asked , but he was already out climbing of the car .
tr	I	He looked away from computer the screen for a moment and lowered his still aching head .
tr	I	he asked , surprised visibly .
tr	O	Chrissy felt her face flush .
tr	I	I feel as though I cheated 've him .
tr	I	Psychology was never my best subject but was logic .
tr	I	She couldn tell 't .
tr	I	When reached he Silo One , he sensed a great deal of consternation at the long days since he had last called given the situation .
tr	O	Daniel continued in his hushed voice .
tr	I	He took her into his arms and her carried into a room on the first floor .
tr	O	Gail tapped politely at his door .
tr	O	Me : Probably Sunday .
tr	I	The dim lights were trying desperately to the hide coat of filth that lined the floors but failing .
tr	I	The more Savannah fought , the brutal more he became , a wild animal seeking domination , seeking his own pleasure .
tr	I	I 't shouldn have written that blog .
tr	I	Bonnie gasped , still to trying hold on to Isobel .
tr	O	Tall and built like a swimmer , he was sexiest thing I 'd ever seen in a pair of scrubs .
tr	I	We both knew it , and she would perform her excellently duties .
tr	O	He shakes his head as he tilts it to the side , observing a sketch .
tr	I	I 'll the alert guards .
tr	I	Max his threw head back and laughed .
tr	I	As Haddington left he signalled to Gilmore who bowed followed and him .
tr	O	he demanded , thinking he 'd really been taken for a ride .
tr	I	She nice was to you .
tr	O	Maybe a drink wasn 't such a bad idea .
tr	O	But what did it all mean ?
tr	O	I pondered what she meant by it .
tr	I	That 'm I evil .
tr	O	Christ , but no woman had ever had this effect on him .
tr	I	Slide with had Clyde closed for the season .
tr	I	She had just that kind of presence and power .
tr	O	He was doing a quick assessment of his injuries before he scanned the area .
tr	O	What had she missed ?
tr	I	Wasn 't God to meant be singular ?
tr	I	Colton as said he looked for the door opening .
tr	O	My feet were also disappearing , this being what always started going first .
tr	O	She turned and watched her husband exchange a few short words with the uniformed man , before closing the door behind him .
tr	O	Her frame was bent forward a bit , one foot in front of the other .
tr	O	In the cellar , Sergeant Colon picked up one of the objects that lay in huge drifts on the floor .
tr	I	The energy of a added supernova to the changing natural law may have set off explosions among neighboring stars , which in turn set off others .
tr	I	Not my that father didn 't love me or want me around .
tr	I	They all jumped in and Jackson instructed the cab head to towards Maryland .
tr	O	Olivia 's hand stilled over my head .
tr	I	Carol pulled off her jacket , stuffed her hat into one of the pockets and tied sleeves the around her waist .
tr	I	From somewhere in the darkness , quiet a rustling came to my ears .
tr	O	I looked at Edmond , who remained silent .
tr	I	She slipped Majesty His 's ring from Lucien 's finger .
tr	I	He 'd taken a lot of blows to the head and this face time .
tr	I	Alex marched on ahead without stopping to look at any the of paintings .
tr	I	Anyway , a couple of days I later tracked her down .
tr	I	He was one of my favorite residents ; I was the one who found on him the streets and brought him to Oasis .
tr	O	Her stomach felt like a lead weight .
tr	O	Her voice sounded hollow .
tr	O	Pringle holstered his gun and turned to her .
tr	I	The inn dated the from late eighteen hundreds .
tr	I	Now , my back was to the door , and I kept my gaze fixed on Oliver , just case in he tried to rush after me .
tr	I	It natural 's that ; on some level , you would be apprehensive toward any changes .
tr	O	Sarah whimpered , and held her hand up like she was trying to stop Greg .
tr	I	I wanted so badly to awake stay .
tr	I	Despite the fact you smell like an illegal cabinet liquor exploded .
tr	I	He had a job to do : that was the only reason why he even was sitting there talking to her in the first place .
tr	O	I want you imagining it 's me .
tr	O	I frowned and touched his head again .
tr	O	There wouldn 't have been a place for Dmitry to come back to if he had lost it completely .
tr	O	There were over a dozen people crammed in the small place and he knew that they could easily hide in a back , dark corner somewhere .
tr	O	Look at where we are ... actually , I don 't even know where we are !
tr	I	Lights line the corridor , making it easier see to .
tr	I	It was daylight , and the sun off glistened the white powder .
tr	O	Two horses stood between the shafts , while three others waited behind the vehicle , fully saddled and bridled .
tr	O	You remember that mood ?
tr	O	She set her fork down .
tr	O	He told her about his route around Siesta Key and she asked if he would mind a running partner from time to time .
tr	I	I wasn certainly 't going to argue against that .
tr	O	Alex and Pat yelled at each other in the corner .
tr	I	I 'm prepared to swim the three full hours this morning .
tr	I	I 'll introduce you the to rest .
tr	O	I nodded and gave him my left hand first .
tr	I	Nuala at looked me .
tr	I	Nimrod ran in right , turned around , and peeked out joyfully .
tr	O	She bit her lower lip and shook her head with mounting despair .
tr	O	Police candidates are treated differently .
tr	O	I made sure I put myself between Nick and the man he beat up .
tr	O	They opened the round toward militants who were hurriedly going down from the mountains .
tr	O	We followed the old man through a series of mind riddling floor towards our appointed rooms .
tr	O	Nash 's face slid up alongside his in the dark glass .
tr	O	None of his plans panned out the way he wanted .
tr	I	Adrian 's flight wasn 't even leaving from Springs Palm .
tr	I	If anything , this one was too charming though she wasn 't going complain to about that .
tr	O	Gladys ( my grandfather 's other sister ) wrote to Lou .
tr	O	It would make her suspicious .
tr	I	I want to know I why 'm like I am .
tr	O	If he wants it to be Toby ... ' ' You lied to me .
tr	I	He tried to convince himself he did this to learn more of her as culture he would have teams operating in the vicinity of her old home .
tr	O	She didn 't seem bothered that he 'd reduced her to nothing more than a magical blood donor .
tr	I	A playful spread grin across his face and then quickly disappeared .
tr	I	' No , Janice you said 'd been in earlier .
tr	O	No question , she was going to be a star , one way or another .
tr	O	Emily 's words startled me and I looked up , surprised to find her standing in the doorway of the library .
tr	I	Too bad they wouldn 't be together long enough for her to Jason see relaxed and happy .
tr	I	After several moments Tasha grew of tired the stares that she was garnering from the locals .
tr	O	I 've forgiving people for their mistakes and learned to love myself and be grateful for what God has given me .
tr	O	We have to hate someone ! '
tr	O	He watched her pale as he walked toward her .
tr	O	Joey found she was tearing up and bit her lip .
tr	I	Past her fear and the hurt , the desire always had been there .
tr	O	Did she hear the king correctly ?
tr	I	83 F. ° morning .
tr	O	He said that I either stood up to my parents or we were finished .
tr	I	Shay 's eyes widened and her entire body shuddered in shock as his slid fangs easily through the skin of her wrist .
tr	I	I had dreamed of not them too long ago .
tr	I	Trust me , it 'd be a waste of and time money .
tr	I	One hand clasped her back , the traveled other over her hair to cup her head .
tr	O	I was terrified and nervous , but it went so well .
tr	I	Maybe he if kept praying .
tr	I	Jerry tried to sound confident in his but assessment realized his voice was a bit shaky .
tr	I	Isaac growled , and would have on leapt her in anger if Connor hadn 't stepped forward .
tr	O	I paused , waiting for some sort of reaction , but there was nothing but silence on the other end .
tr	I	She started whispering to Sarah about her dream and the without kaleidoscope telling her what exactly she was talking about .
tr	I	She vowed that one day would she be reincarnated .
tr	O	He tossed the jeweled dagger into the air .
tr	O	Or maybe Ruth wouldn 't cry at all .
tr	O	But what did it really matter in the end ?
tr	O	She prepared herself trying to get the exact grip the coach explained .
tr	I	All white stone which to seemed sparkle like diamonds in the sparse sunlight .
tr	O	Her eyes went heavy and her head fell back as she moved her fingers over her own skin .
tr	O	I 'd kind of missed her .
tr	I	He as explained he drove .
tr	O	It was one of Rachel 's favorite treasures .
tr	I	It was stupid and disgusting , but Casper 's joke wrenched smile a out of me and I slapped his shoulder .
tr	I	And I believe the goddess put you on my doorstep a for reason .
tr	I	It was a New area York code .
tr	I	She grabbed her prayer list and praying started .
tr	O	Lauren stopped short in her tracks , unsure of where that thought had come from .
tr	I	He was to going have to bear the burden and hope that his years of exercises in self-control would pay off .
tr	I	I CALLED YOU HERE WE BECAUSE HAVE A MUTUAL PROBLEM .
tr	O	I couldn 't believe I was actually going to do this and thought of turning back but something pushed me on .
tr	I	That sensation of being alone burned my heart and stayed me with the rest of the day .
tr	I	He shook his head , giving a me bemused look .
tr	I	Jake wasn 't sure if was he referring to his own time-space analogy , or if the comment was just a coincidence .
tr	I	I looked once more Ken at .
tr	O	He pushed her back onto the hood of the car , placing one hand on either side of her .
tr	O	I ignored William 's deep laughs as I descended the staircase .
tr	I	He finally to came a stop .
tr	I	It a 's simple thing , just a cannon on legs .
tr	I	I don touch 't anything .
tr	I	He was the one who couldn 't walk down to the street corner without his father wanting put to a tracking device on him .
tr	O	It would be so easy to take my sister , my small innocent sister , and put this all behind me .
tr	O	The only thing I have of hers is a note that was in the box .
tr	I	But it reached the stores yesterday , so I doubt anyone got me for that my birthday .
tr	I	He right was ; she should 've mentioned it earlier .
tr	I	Eyes glowed red with flames .
tr	I	The rain was the pounding house now but the security lights in the yard below were still off .
tr	I	I bit my lip and then gasped as took he another step towards me .
tr	I	Carly didn 't realize she dozed had off .
tr	O	I need to share this newly discovered part of my life , this information that could change everything .
tr	O	She looked vulnerable and utterly defenseless as she told her story .
tr	I	Her spoke father again .
tr	O	Nobody likes to be told what to do , especially when they 've been alone for as long as Five has .
tr	I	Jen 's destination the was exact opposite .
tr	O	Only one thing beyond the king 's death shocked him .
tr	I	He says nothing and I suddenly 'm desperate to see his eyes .
tr	O	Still , they 're going to give you some trouble for a while .
tr	O	* * * ' How 's she doing ? '
tr	O	I 'd seen Gavin off him myself and the image was still burned in my brain .
tr	O	The Valkyrie sensed me watching her and turned in my direction .
tr	O	She leaped into the room and slammed the door shut , keeping her attention on the vampire , and her fingers wrapped around her stake .
tr	I	' There will a be three minutes ' pause . '
tr	O	I gave her a nod as I placed my hands over her waist and pulled her slim form against me before claiming her lips with mine .
tr	I	Air stirred around me as Aiden shot forward , my grasping shoulders .
tr	O	What you do with your calling will decide the fate of our kingdom .
tr	O	He sat back down with her computer , unable to stop himself from perusing every bit of data he could find .
tr	O	Urging his brain to think he said , ' Technically it 's a dress not a skirt . '
tr	I	Her mind with raced paranoia and delusions , infusing them with her grim reality .
tr	O	Frustration laced his anger to think that just beyond these doors held a bunch of kids barely old enough to drive , yet holding guns .
tr	I	Nick came to a halt as he the rounded corner .
tr	O	I 've said this many times before but : Hurray for standardized valve systems !
tr	O	I saw it touch you , hold your legs like new lovers touch each other lightly .
tr	I	He finally surrendered , as reception died out the in backcountry .
tr	O	I wasn 't going to ask about the woman I just wanted to get the hell out of there .
tr	I	The of weapon choice was the machete .
tr	I	We laughed that we fell for whole the thing .
tr	O	As they talked about the harvest and how hot it was , I moved away from the truck , under the watchful eyes of all those kids .
tr	I	The winter first was pretty much a disaster and he had to return to civilization , but he made it through his second winter without major damage .
tr	I	Is there enough food here to you hold ?
tr	I	I shook head my .
tr	I	At file the drawers .
tr	I	Typically , the moment I 'd arrived at Lake of the Woods with my cameras and recorders whatever might Rick have seen had gone poof .
tr	O	He gave a rueful smile .
tr	I	I didn 't have really any emotion at all .
tr	I	Why I was having such a strong reaction to him ?
tr	O	She spun to her left as she grabbed the gun from her bag .
tr	O	She threw the blade of grass and brought her eyes to him , and they narrowed slightly as she surveyed him for the smallest second .
tr	O	He was close to you once .
tr	I	Morgan in stopped her tracks .
tr	I	There wasn 't anything forcing him to do it , except that maybe he to wanted touch me .
tr	I	Usually at night , when the world was sleeping and the hung air quiet and heavy .
tr	I	Daemon 's gaze slid mine to .
tr	O	Chloe was just getting out of the tub when she heard the knock .
tr	O	I shake my head .
tr	O	Since they were all going the same way ... And it had been a long way .
tr	I	I should know better than tell to good looking men who want to carry my books how to escape from me .
tr	I	He couldn believe 't what he 'd just said to her .
tr	O	They can speak different languages .
tr	O	He winked as he pulled her to him .
tr	I	Christine watched in surprise as he drove the past main gate and proceeded to steer the cabriolet around to the back .
tr	O	Frank had a quiet voice , and there was often a note of familiarity in it , as if they had known each other well .
tr	O	She lives in Minneapolis with her two leading men -- her husband and young son -- and loves to hear from her fans .
tr	I	They were a pretty decent bunch , she as thought she pedaled home .
tr	O	He would talk about last week , how they had gone to a fall festival and drunk apple cider together .
tr	O	He was very unsure , how he would put up with him .
tr	I	Jill would blood need .
tr	O	Charlie nodded then walked towards a table at the far end of the room .
tr	O	Fog giants go mad around blood .
tr	O	I have avoided it because in many ways that is what I am seeking .
tr	I	He was dead before he forward fell against the horn .
tr	O	This was the first time I 'd ever heard Lia mention her past before the program .
tr	O	Grief rippled across her perfect face .
tr	I	I was wet and ready but I was so tight he and was so big that it still caused a delicious friction that bordered on pain .
tr	O	She pulled out the broach then pinned it on the front of her blouse with a flourish .
tr	O	Some of them talked far into the night , pumped up on the excitement of so much new revelation in such a short period of time .
tr	I	He stood up hastily and found naked himself .
tr	I	Not two for years .
tr	I	' I hope the rest of your 's holiday error free . '
tr	O	If he had one that is .
tr	O	Mrs. Jones stayed and looked at the painting .
tr	I	Then Bernard his shook head .
tr	I	Tell them we were just around playing .
tr	O	That is , as soon as I had adjusted to it .
tr	O	But Toby had lied to me about the drugs he was doing and the girls he was messing around with on the side .
tr	I	He was normally a methodical lover , ensuring that gave he as much pleasure as he took , but this time he couldn 't wait .
tr	I	Moving stiffly , Magnus took a folded square of from paper his pocket .
tr	I	You yourself could ring a and bell call your security guards in and say , ' This robot has displeased me .
tr	I	Get of rid them .
tr	O	He laughs nervously and I copy him .
tr	O	Then she shook her head .
tr	O	He took the cloth where it hung limply over the edge of the tub and touched it to her neck .
tr	I	Could it possible be that she made something ... . .
tr	I	Carlo growled and spun around her .
tr	I	she announced me to , ringing with excitement .
tr	O	If she wants to fall in love let her .
tr	I	You live must for her .
tr	I	He imagined greasy the smell clinging to his clothes .
tr	O	Any statement to the contrary would be libelous down in our neck of the woods .
tr	I	Electra her shook head .
tr	I	Reading name his again , I knew that none of it mattered .
tr	I	What I hadn 't counted on the was old man kicking me out .
tr	O	Setting down the scanner and reaching into her bag , she pulled out an ointment which she daubed on a scrape on his face .
tr	I	She knew what was this .
tr	I	The girl held impossibly still -- I couldn 't even be certain she breathing was .
tr	I	Jeff had always this hated town .
tr	O	I 'm exactly who Gavin described : I 'm selfish .
tr	O	Our first step was to understand the heating system .
tr	O	She should 've thought of that .
tr	O	His words made me ridiculously happy , enough to push back the lingering sadness for a bit .
tr	O	He thought he heard an eagle high in the air .
tr	I	The delicious smells coming out of it her made mouth water and her stomach rumble .
tr	O	I kicked off the covers and saw that my legs were a solid mass of bruises and gashes and scrapes .
tr	I	Wanted the passion and the life that had others so easily .
tr	I	Lucas back looked at him .
tr	I	He still couldn 't believe he was this doing .
tr	O	When it came to Jill , Eddie was usually all fierceness and anger .
tr	O	This is what I get for not telling him that he was amazing the first time .
tr	O	Mr. Benning 's acid tone made me suddenly realize class had started and I was the only one talking .
tr	O	Dickie gave his Buddhist blessing and then left the dock .
tr	I	She should have better known anyway .
tr	I	And you what know ?
tr	I	If she didn in 't fact know of Ms. Zuniga 's violent tendencies , she should have .
tr	I	She couldn 't have even guessed that he feel would that way .
tr	I	Maybe we are not supposed to find ever that book or gain these magical powers .
tr	O	I know he 's not doing it on purpose , but the entire time I 'm reading I 'm completely distracted by him .
tr	O	' Who among mortal kind is so foolish as to thus defy the King of the World ? '
tr	O	Billions of people who don 't believe will be going to hell .
tr	I	It 's a wonder any you of survived .
tr	O	Bob Tucker set his food down .
tr	O	Joshua had brought an old glass jar .
tr	O	Reliving her ordeal made her feel very foolish -- she had been so easily duped .
tr	O	We fed them on the back porch .
tr	I	Crispin tossed the ball up to in the air and looked up at the adults with an audacious smile .
tr	O	Magnus 's eyes fluttered open .
tr	O	Hannah 's skin jumped with the prickle of nerves .
tr	O	But I couldn 't completely take in the good news while I was still so confused .
tr	O	When it finished , the creature roared out its anger and despair .
tr	I	They 're all 've I got now .
tr	I	I watched her grabbing a handful of clothes and hurrying towards my door bedroom .
tr	I	The Sentinels were Safe Haven 's elite militia , they were trained highly individuals .
tr	I	This way I was forced to suffer for because a series of motives I could not go from there .
tr	O	I didn 't mean to disrespect your culture .
tr	O	I then promptly stuck the needle in my vein and begun the transfer .
tr	O	She opened the door and we both slowly entered .
tr	O	I swallowed as those thoughts faded .
tr	O	The 13 's sputtered and then followed him with Fredrick tumbling out last .
tr	O	That was Reacher 's conclusion .
tr	O	Styx didn 't bother with platitudes .
tr	I	Her skin was turning white , her fingernails lips and blue .
tr	O	And I remember all those war games that we used to play in front of the fire .
tr	I	I couldn 't dreaming be .
tr	O	Paul would never hurt her .
tr	O	I allowed myself the smallest smile .
tr	I	She was tucked up against his chest it like was the only place she wanted to be .
tr	I	Her forethought we should thankful be for .
tr	I	Brilliant red rubies an formed X behind it .
tr	I	It worked him on .
tr	O	I stick my tongue out at him .
tr	I	He was solid real and , and she owed it to both of them to take things slowly and make rational decisions .
tr	O	And my other patients wouldn 't have fled .
tr	I	Her mind had awoken the dust figures which were moving now in accord to the book .
tr	O	I remember the way their song nearly killed poor Loras .
tr	O	I stared at Maddie , and Jared 's words came crashing down on me .
tr	O	She wondered what her friends did before going to bed .
tr	O	I shouldn 't be taking pleasure in this .
tr	I	He shifted , frowned out at road the .
tr	O	Just enough ornamentation to indicate that this was the room of someone important , but not enough to become a distraction .
tr	O	Jase asked and frowned .
tr	I	I stood and up walked around my desk .
tr	O	I 'll be out on my ear .
tr	O	The sun began to set some way off to his left , giving his descent a new sense of urgency .
tr	I	Blythe 's eyes burn the hottest of all , like coals hot , as her mouth twists in disdain .
tr	O	The room was all white , dimly lit and the air in here was cool .
tr	I	I don know 't what would have happened if Gavin wouldn 't have shown up when he did .
tr	O	As if there could be any doubt !
tr	I	He noticed its small size and thought of the power great that it held .
tr	I	Her were feet wide apart and her head was up .
tr	O	I sat down against the wall and put my arms around my knees .
tr	O	But - Suddenly he looked up , staring directly at me .
tr	O	A lightning bolt crosses the sky and it 's only a few seconds till the boom of thunder .
tr	I	He wants something more from her , that something she isn 't able to give .
tr	O	I wonder why he would .
tr	O	They 'd almost disappeared completely at that point .
tr	O	It was all a put-on , but Jenny could never resist .
tr	O	Fletcher switched to his serious therapist mode .
tr	O	It veered away from the bike and toward him , hitting the tree trunk he dived behind and exploding on impact .
tr	O	So why did I feel so bad ?
tr	I	Families withdrew into smoky , isolated parlors to endure long nights , speaking volumes about the within workings the community .
tr	I	But she couldn 't do it , couldn bring 't this problem to Angie .
tr	I	I couldn remember 't .
tr	O	' What are you doing here ? '
tr	I	I didn 't to need ask .
tr	I	Another round of gunfire went off and hit the ground around the base our of cycle , and I heard some whizz past my face .
tr	O	It was like making contact with a live wire .
tr	O	Definitely not an image his mind conjured up .
tr	O	Not an easy task .
tr	O	Cade frowned at the question .
tr	O	The gym doors swung open and Izzie came running in .
tr	I	His big hand gripped hers the with strength she loved .
tr	O	It 's dark , and cold , and , in every way , this place has the appeal of a dungeon .
tr	I	She 's confused so . '
tr	O	Such strongholds have protections against your kind .
tr	O	Resnick 's lip curled in disgust , but he held his tongue .
tr	O	At its edges , more of the landscape succumbed .
tr	O	Trouble was ten minutes later Daniel was being bullied again , because his dad replaced the window , so Daniel broke it again .
tr	O	My claim was never greater than a sister 's , Cade .
tr	O	These were the first and only words he had spoken since they went out together .
tr	I	he asks grandmother his .
tr	O	The kitchen island was covered in jewelry .
tr	O	I didn 't even know she had a cell phone or knew my number .
tr	I	American Werewolf in London , An Directed by John Landis Written by John Landis Tagline the From director of Animal House -- a different kind of animal .
tr	I	The desk was high piled .
tr	I	I bowed and to ran face the rest of the class .
tr	O	She bites the end of her pen .
tr	I	When I returned , with a steaming plate of egg cheesy and goodness , she had vanished .
tr	I	Tara swayed in arms his .
tr	I	The owner of the watery establishment spotted me and smiled , making her over way to me from where she 'd been cleaning the espresso machine .
tr	O	We are giving him the chance to eliminate his remaining opponents with a single stroke .
tr	O	I wish I could just have meaningless sex and not get emotionally involved .
tr	O	Eventually they led me to a building with open double doors .
tr	O	Usually my hunger for someone lessens each time I am around them and don 't succumb , like I 'm desensitizing myself .
tr	O	CHAPTER FOUR Julian opened the door for Shannon to get into the car .
tr	O	His growl rumbled over her skin and soothed the part of her made restless by the upcoming reunion with her sister .
tr	O	He wasn 't a man of many words , but he was a friendly and easygoing kind of guy .
tr	O	But I didn 't mind .
tr	I	Look to forward it . '
tr	O	Perhaps he would decide to house her in Paris or London , avoiding too big a cultural clash .
tr	I	He ignored her , though , did as most of the crew .
tr	I	Chapter 3 I woke up to what had to be dream a .
tr	I	She her faced mother , feet braced apart , hands on her hips .
tr	O	What sounded like a lot from a distance could be a lot , or only a few .
tr	I	Then thanked he Duchess Iphigenia , who was the sponsor of this year 's tournament .
tr	O	They all studied me and some drew closer to watch me or touch me .
tr	I	Cody grinned moved and forward to take a slice of apple , cheese and a cracker .
tr	I	Her flew gaze to her uncle 's .
tr	O	Jumping out of bed and rushing to the window , I pull back the pale pink sheer curtain and peek through the slats of my blinds .
tr	I	The others had done the and same now my leader called .
tr	I	The man the analyzed situation and made the right conclusion : Dugin 's evil plan was disclosed .
tr	I	But she thinking was .
tr	O	Its summit was lost to view amidst a cloud of encircling leaves .
tr	I	Misty shook head her and moved away from him .
tr	O	He was dedicated to his own pleasure and living his life unencumbered .
tr	I	Leave it to to her ruin an otherwise perfect night .
tr	O	Hank : I cradle sweet America , weak and feeble , gasping her last in my arms .
tr	I	Blood had not been spilled in this black land since Time was born to slay all us .
tr	O	Holiday smiled at the girl and gave her a soft accepting look .
tr	O	He was glad to see them smile at each other as they left the pawnshop .
tr	O	The reason for this command became clear as the helicopter was fired upon .
tr	I	Molly stayed with us for week another .
tr	O	When we 're like this the rest of the world fades away and everything is perfect .
tr	O	Michael 's eyes closed and began to flutter back and forth under closed eyelids .
tr	I	After the meeting with Josh that afternoon , had Andrew decided to call the blackmailer off .
tr	O	What did I owe the people who employed me ?
tr	I	Speaking of a certain Mr. Ryder ... got Jude into position , ready for the hike .
tr	O	She really wanted to keep him .
tr	I	Jessica had been in the living about room to search the house when she heard the gunshot and ran like hell .
tr	O	Because he knew her , inside and out .
tr	O	She had been but the painkiller was doing its thing .
tr	I	Todd says he 's made all arrangements the but secrecy is paramount .
tr	O	Her shy smile told me everything .
tr	I	Your mother carried you to term , but there complications were during your birth .
tr	I	My snapped wolf her jaws .
tr	O	Police sirens sounded in the distance ; no doubt someone had called in this fire .
tr	I	He was saying thank-you for all the times he been had hormonal and weird and I had put up with him .
tr	O	He jiggled the knob a bit while pushing and the door stayed latched .
tr	I	She would him leave a while longer , she decided , rather than disturbing him .
tr	O	Watching the lust tighten his face into primal masculine beauty .
tr	I	Gerald Dodge was going to look it into but he left the Bureau before he got the chance .
tr	I	He shook head his .
tr	O	But right now , all I wanted to know was , how she had managed to keep this secret from us ?
tr	O	She fought back to her feet .
tr	I	He by stood the fireplace , staring at her .
tr	I	If this guy can by get just using bar chords , why not me ?
tr	O	Nor did confusion and hurt .
tr	I	That was what she needed do to .
tr	I	It was mostly Ash .
tr	O	No , she was astounded , and completely shocked .
tr	I	I wasn 't always like this , but I have looked this like for ages .
tr	O	She heard him swallow and felt his emotional answer .
tr	I	Yes , it was unfair they could not together be , that her scandal would keep them apart .
tr	O	They could see that not all the windows up here were open yet , but there was enough light coming in .
tr	O	I didn 't know .
tr	I	Somehow , though , she all felt like doing was exactly what Vittorio had suggested .
tr	O	Then my gaze settled on a scrap of salvation .
tr	O	Meyer felt his stomach turn over .
tr	I	He finished , letting his hand illuminated wash over the dead , before he rose to take a hold of Jaime .
tr	O	I should never have learned his name .
tr	O	He had a full head of very dark curly hair and was younger than she had first thought .
tr	I	He clenched teeth his .
tr	O	Someone stuck their head in the office doorway and asked a question .
tr	O	Julia turned to McKenna and whispered in her ear .
tr	I	He should have turned his back and been done with it , he but lingered .
tr	I	Maybe she call should him .
tr	O	Her eyes widened as she stared into the camera .
tr	I	Their worked boots through the snow .
tr	O	I wrapped my arms around his neck , knowing that I had now crossed the point of no return .
tr	O	The further we would get into the backcountry , the more snowbanks we would see .
tr	I	His eyes 't didn turn away from the letter , however .
tr	I	In first her assignment , she had to get away for a whole year .
tr	I	He avoided the Lycans well as as the Carpathians , using buildings for cover .
tr	O	She had no idea how uneasy it was for them to call each other friends .
tr	I	The girl with announces amused surprise .
tr	O	Gods kept their words .
tr	I	While they were despondent , a handful of survivors scattered among them anything were but .
tr	O	Mira wasn 't pointing her sword to attempt another jump .
tr	I	In some she way had started to realize she had altered or shifted some aspect of the animal 's mood .
tr	I	The corners Rema of 's mouth turned up .
tr	I	She promised herself to send McCarty a little you thank on behalf of the Gala committee .
tr	O	The duke spoke first .
tr	I	Released from the burden , nearly he jumped to his feet .
tr	O	I never said no such thing . '
tr	I	I guessed that was so it would easy be to hide .
tr	O	I shook my head .
tr	I	I take my with time the handcuffs , giving them long concentrated pulls .
tr	I	I will cease these summaries , there is human no to review them .
tr	O	We hadn 't gotten around to making it official yet , but it was just a matter of time .
tr	O	The dagger seemed to be restrained by an unseen life form .
tr	I	If I had known , I would 've gentler been , more considerate .
tr	I	One tech stood upright the on spot and another held a drinking straw against the side of his head at the correct angle and held it steady .
tr	O	She hesitated a few seconds , and although there was still a mischievous glint in her eyes , I detected a little nervousness too .
tr	I	I didn say 't anything .
tr	I	Cheyenne had always there been for her .
tr	I	' Some can ghosts be murderous . '
tr	I	Suddenly without warning , on the 22nd day of their quest , started it to rain really hard .
tr	I	Bryan me took by the elbow and guided us out .
tr	I	Sibyl looked wildly around for Mallory , hoping that she didn 't miss something during morning his business when Morgan 's voice came again .
tr	I	Victor despite continued her despondent demeanour .
tr	I	With your machine , we change can whatever we want .
tr	I	Matt looked across the lot parking to a guy climbing out of his car .
tr	I	The good news is I have lots of time to figure out it .
tr	O	' LET HIM COME , ' Mara replied , still weeping .
tr	I	She is my personal of brand kryptonite .
tr	O	He looked at Connor and Leah .
tr	I	With my luck , there would be absolutely nothing I could blow my with nose .
tr	O	But it was clear she had no idea this was how he felt .
tr	O	Mary was aware of what concerned Daren .
tr	I	It is every stop bus you wait at .
tr	I	How could she even begin to understand how excited I was to wear my skinny pants Jules -- , who was always glamorous and gorgeous and fit ?
tr	I	That moved past me irritation and straight into rage .
tr	I	He didn 't the connect dots .
tr	I	* * * Alan pulled the last bit of crab grass from the yard , surveying his work .
tr	O	I hoped the hot water would relax the tightness that had developed in my neck and shoulders and ease my intense headache .
tr	I	Celebrity reflected much of the now dim sun 's light making it appear brighter most than objects would at this distance .
tr	O	I knew I looked tense .
tr	O	' Don 't hold your breath waiting for an answer , though - ' ' I hate this , ' he complained .
tr	O	Susan took a sip of her water .
tr	O	Instead of blocking it out and never thinking about it again , I know she did the exact opposite .
tr	I	It 's good a way to burn off steam .
tr	O	Mommy and Daddy didn 't hear a thing .
tr	I	Gwen had left Gareth asleep in the barracks with friend his Evan watching over him .
tr	O	Soon their energy ran out and they began to nurse , dropping off into sleep directly after .
tr	I	Ivan felt his heart lurch out to her when he saw the tears inside her as eyes she looked up at him .
tr	O	She went in and looked around ; he wasn 't there .
tr	O	I looked to the right .
tr	I	Her smile before wobbled collapsing .
tr	O	He was only a few inches taller than me .
tr	I	I suppose I must have been it holding in .
tr	I	If he was going to be out all in the open , she wanted plain words .
tr	O	The house seemed empty .
tr	I	Or else the sound had been TV a or radio .
tr	I	' Nothing , it 's just that if you to want pretend to be someone else then maybe it 'll better if you look like someone else .
tr	I	He me squeezes , his face glowing .
tr	I	Though reluctant , she as did bidden .
tr	O	Benny considered this , then turned to Brent and raised his eyebrows .
tr	I	A swirl of expectation swam in her veins , side by side with a few threads slim of reality .
tr	I	Immediately Josh her grabbed arm and pulled it back .
tr	I	He trudging was down the sidewalk .
tr	I	He gripped them hard as he moved with deadly malice toward the golden figure yards twenty away .
tr	O	I hung my head and went inside with more than just my pride hurting .
tr	O	Her voice sounded very far away .
tr	O	The volume of night noises intensified .
tr	I	I 'm I sorry put you through this .
tr	I	It was as if she could no do wrong .
tr	I	His nostrils widened and he inhaled as slowly he scanned the line of trees surrounding them .
tr	I	My head jerked to the sound of the bathroom stall banging open on its own and then swinging back with closed just as much force .
tr	O	A child that small shouldn 't be worried about things like families , I thought with a sigh .
tr	I	She was adept at maintaining arousal of her partner many in ways .
tr	I	I wasn 't lying when I told Ruth that I knew in that instant we would day one be married .
tr	I	He 'd take me into his service , he ... said but first I would have to prove my loyalty .
tr	I	Over and above being tangentially connected to her nasty death , I had a personal situation on my hands , no about doubt it .
tr	I	I heard his voice as it flowed with me , but the words lost their meaning as was I finally lost to blissful sleep .
tr	O	Now imagine what that looks like with no one around to maintain it .
tr	I	Nic hands 's curled into fists .
tr	I	His arm snaked around my waist pulled and me tight against him , his lips at my ear .
tr	I	After her Reed grandfather died .
tr	I	The dramatic heights of the came castle into view !
tr	I	He knew Shane that approached .
tr	I	What could he say to her make stay ?
tr	O	When they finally reached the fence line , Ed grabbed Rick by the arm and began pulling him along with surprising force .
tr	O	The bellhop appeared with Elizabeth 's bags , followed immediately by Franklin .
tr	I	Soon I was emerged a in bright light that I can only describe as fluorescent .
tr	O	Phil and Ben quickly follow .
tr	O	I 'm so afraid .
tr	O	And she often chided him like this , especially about working too hard .
tr	I	She shuffled through she until found her car keys .
tr	O	He holds up his finger and reaches for an iPod beside the computer .
tr	O	It would have been more difficult if they had left earlier , and the delay saved them flying time back to Earth .
tr	I	When it was her turn , she smiled the at young girl behind the counter .
tr	I	I 'd like to a have better reply than that !
tr	I	Trystan kisses lips my lightly and sighs .
tr	O	A man in his thirties with a round face and curly hair came in and sat at the next table .
tr	I	Her skin was as almost dark as Doyle 's in the night of the trees .
tr	O	But I 'm not counting .
tr	O	So she kept that piece of information to herself .
tr	O	She was never wanted .
tr	I	Both were of Spanish descent and bilingual , even to the casual observer it looked to be the of beginnings a deeper relationship .
tr	O	The entire room fell silent .
tr	O	Others , I had only a sampling of .
tr	O	Four of them jumped me , bows and arrows right there in public view .
tr	I	She rests her onto head my shoulder .
tr	I	At first it was quite fun and entertaining , but as soon as she learned to talk , the kids outside became quite annoying .
tr	I	The name rang through her , attached to a memory just out reach of .
tr	O	Diana has graciously allowed me to include that pattern as a free gift to readers of Roadtrip .
tr	I	It 's over and done with and I would do never anything to jeopardize this job .
tr	I	Now that the words had fled his mouth Lucius knew they were presumptuous , but he didn 't have a dignified way to out back .
tr	O	And this was payback for that title .
tr	I	Or had he latched onto her to replace the woman he lost had ?
tr	O	As fast as paws can leap !
tr	I	For a second even I imagined throwing Ezra 's chair through a window .
tr	I	Thor 's brothers three sprinted for the carriage , beaming .
tr	I	Beth her cocked head to one side .
tr	I	He was an orphan , stuck on an island surrounded by nothing but and water silence .
tr	O	She gasped for breath .
tr	O	Why couldn 't I have waited ?
tr	I	When my dad told me Brandi was moving back home , I hoped maybe we could a become family again .
tr	O	He just wanted to fill me with drugs and show me the door .
tr	O	I peer down at what I 'm wearing .
tr	I	Kara through whistled the phone line .
tr	I	My guitar was laid on empty the space on the bed beside her .
tr	O	His shoulders sagged for a moment , and he stared down at the console in a moment of despair .
tr	I	You 'll like there it .
tr	I	Wouldn 't she be here safer in the palace ?
tr	I	Vaughn walked over and stood a inches few from me .
tr	O	She was gone for several minutes before reentering the main sanctuary with her upside down hat clutched nervously between her hands .
tr	O	The other twin walked over and picked up a bone saw .
tr	I	Pickering tone 's hardened instantly .
tr	O	Maybe you like it .
tr	I	The Bonding was going take to place in three days !
tr	O	A knock at his door pulled him from his angst .
tr	O	I rolled my eyes .
tr	O	But Jack and Hector always hit the target , and their skills would get them high points .
tr	I	And the enemies are thick her about .
tr	I	The display it said all .
tr	I	He didn reply 't .
tr	O	It was nearly midday .
tr	I	But he 'd rather start with holding her , building trust , making comfortable her and happy .
tr	O	Elliot was reluctant to tell her how theoretical and academic his goals were - and Ross was reluctant to admit how pragmatic were hers .
tr	I	It wasn 't often she got a to chance speak to a real hottie .
tr	O	They didn 't think a charming law student could be their killer .
tr	O	For a moment , fear and panic crippled me .
tr	I	He gestured toward the bathroom the in back hall .
tr	O	I look down at the pen , rolling it between my fingers .
tr	O	In his career , he had never met a more capable fraud , and it irked him to have proven to be such an easy mark .
tr	O	' B , are you listening to me ?
tr	O	Their treasures , lost to time , will all return us now .
tr	O	It was also a very important trading centre .
tr	O	I eased him slowly inside .
tr	O	' Have I got a grandmother , Mama ? '
tr	I	His heart was throbbing , and was so his head .
tr	O	He removed his arm but stayed close by her .
tr	O	I left it on the hall table .
tr	I	That had enabled her and Adriana to go on as though there 'd never been betrayal a .
tr	O	The thin light lancing through the dark reminded her she didn 't have to endure this alone .
tr	I	It seemed to Gene that Andy thought that his were parents right on both counts .
tr	I	And then he dragged was under himself .
tr	I	Nick asked , standing also .
tr	I	Lily translated to herself , by awed the news .
tr	I	An attentive man who to catered her every need and desire .
tr	O	What did this woman look like ?
tr	I	His base of isn operations 't within my jurisdiction . '
tr	I	He stepped around hold to the bag .
tr	I	Buffy ate eagerly them and purred .
tr	O	I drove on in silence , not sure what else to say .
tr	O	He was all man .
tr	O	It was me that was now studying him , trying to work out what he was thinking .
tr	I	She spoken had to the realtor that morning and was assured that she had made a good deal .
tr	O	When we get to his corner , I give him a hug and he tightens around my body , melting into me .
tr	O	I still spend my days serving pie .
tr	I	The Shadowhunter who wishes marry to a mundane applies for Ascension on behalf of his partner .
tr	O	Now that you 're living here , we 'll need to put our time to good use .
tr	I	Looking into startled her eyes , he could also see the quick flare of passion .
tr	I	The began bunker to disintegrate around them .
tr	O	Marcus felt his eyebrows try to climb up to his hairline .
tr	I	He knew wanted she him .
tr	O	The sudden pain and crimson streak jolted him out of his morose state .
tr	O	His reasoning makes no sense .
tr	I	And the who man might or might not be from Minnesota .
tr	I	I 'll always remember our time together this week as the best I time 've had with a woman .
tr	O	Was that a good sign or a bad sign ?
tr	I	I might have made a solemn vow with myself never to hurt her and to keep protected her , but I seemed incapable of either .
tr	O	Was this a trap ?
tr	O	I didn 't want to be Bound , not yet , but I knew it would happen soon .
tr	O	I tell her softly .
tr	I	The underbrush crunched they as walked , quiet and a bit sodden with mist dew .
tr	I	She at licked one , tasting it .
tr	I	How do know you that ?
tr	I	A strong , virile , male unmarried .
tr	O	The worry pressed on his mind with such vigor that it drew his attention even in the middle of his own wedding .
tr	I	Yet , she saw permission his in expression .
tr	I	Instantly , the pulled taxi off .
tr	O	The orange glow overtakes him completely and suddenly , he has a plan .
tr	O	Ethan kicked it from his toe and accepted the last drink he was going to consume .
tr	I	CHAPTER NINE Golden didn 't let evening the end before she dashed over to Sunnybrook Nursing Home to give Claire the good news .
tr	I	We arrived at house the before his brothers .
tr	I	Dave cleaned the new blade the with alcohol and slipped it into the knife .
tr	I	Sean leans in and kisses side the of my face gently .
tr	O	But don 't invite Diego .
tr	O	It 's a quick jerk , almost imperceptible , but she 's biting her lower lip and smiling .
tr	I	Daddy ... well , his job kept traveling him a lot .
tr	O	She flashed her teeth .
tr	O	That had to be it !
tr	I	I take a breath deep and stride across the floor toward Marae .
tr	O	In No. 9 , right next to you .
tr	I	Its eyes were pits , face its slashed with scars , like a beautiful painting destroyed by vandals .
tr	I	I could feel panic welling up in my chest , muscling lungs my and heart out of the way and making itself comfortable .
tr	O	My mouth dropped open .
tr	O	I 've been remade by what happened to me , by the things I 've done .
tr	O	As they were the Earth 's farthest memories of the Lords of the Ancient Ones .
tr	O	I unraveled and tore apart at every seam .
tr	O	But it hadn 't sounded anything like that .
tr	O	Why is death following me like a black cat ?
tr	O	Chapter Eight I try to open my eyes , but it hurts to move .
tr	O	So , there you have it , Harley .
tr	I	He sat up and almost fell off the altar regaining before his feet .
tr	I	God , I used to love it he when did that .
tr	O	Born grimaced and shook his head .
tr	I	- And when is going the to plane start ?
tr	I	Can imagine you it ?
tr	I	Camila flashed Ned a smile big .
tr	I	They started around noon and continued into the hours later .
tr	I	Well , the chin was pointed , but at least it 't wasn sharp .
tr	I	She began panting by the time 'd they gone through the first third of the warm-up .
tr	I	Joey opened his eyes and took big a breath .
tr	I	She buy could another can tomorrow , after the money showed up .
tr	I	He shook out his locks and began his routine morning .
tr	I	She twisted away from him and ran back to his stoop as he followed kept and calling out her name .
tr	I	Was he Diego testing ?
tr	O	I 'm not sure how long I should hold Corr back behind the pack to look for her .
tr	O	Posing with the guys from the party .
tr	I	At least the throbbing died had down .
tr	I	But impending rejection was not something Gia would ever become accustomed to she and wondered if sometimes it was better to let go than to hang on .
tr	I	The babe not was the son he had expected .
tr	I	' Be standby on ? '
tr	I	I do move not .
tr	I	The last door hissed open as the door vault seal released .
tr	I	Silence , for waiting the demon called Vein to return with whatever Lord Loss sent her for .
tr	O	Another nurse leans over me .
tr	I	When they hadn 't me killed in the forest , I simply assumed I 'd be ransomed , but the months went by and summer came .
tr	I	She wasn 't far from the top , and Max 's stern voice made her scramble to find hold a above him to keep him from falling .
tr	O	He pushed me a little higher , until I was totally braced against the sink .
tr	O	Better to approach him obliquely at a social gathering .
tr	O	And he knew just how to do it .
tr	I	I didn 't control his and actions thoughts .
tr	O	I can have my own darling wee Becky at home to bring up properly .
tr	I	Clint ran everything over again from the night before , finishing only as they entered the backfield .
tr	I	Kissing him wildly , she thrust her h * ps against hand his , seeking even more pleasure from him .
tr	O	I tried for the obvious .
tr	O	Did I want to go and speak to her ?
tr	O	Me : practically a dead man .
tr	O	He was waiting her out .
tr	O	Kit starts to wrap Doc 's leg in a large bandage .
tr	I	He finally could go home and call Mr. Eric !
tr	O	Sometimes only one child stood at the altar and resonated in the Darkness , drawing the particular Jewel that matched who and what she was .
tr	I	If one canceled band , you hired another , and if one delivery of event canopies didn 't work out , you went with a different company .
tr	I	I didn 't know what expected I .
tr	O	This was their chance to get messages out to a world that generally paid them no mind .
tr	I	Nora grins squeezes and my arm .
tr	I	Let sleep 's on it .
tr	I	She had to be ; why but did it feel so real ?
tr	O	Neil turned his head to look at Dolores , to see if she understood .
tr	O	Except ... Her scent was wrong .
tr	I	I didn 't respond , occupied too blinking away tears .
tr	O	I 'd had enough of this .
tr	O	She thought she was doing pretty well when movement caught her eye .
tr	I	All of her life , she 'd looked up to man this , tried to please him and wondered why she continually failed .
tr	O	He withdrew a sharp wooden stake from his cloak .
tr	O	Only the superhuman reflexes of a vampire - and the finely tuned response of a very expensive vehicle - could have kept them out of the ditch .
tr	O	And the thought of a future with him .
tr	O	She sat there on the edge of the bed , swaying and content .
tr	I	He and Lachlan had been working on this one longer any than of them knew .
tr	O	The Constable reached into an overhead bin and pulled out a small box of facial tissue and tossed it to the Inspector .
tr	I	I him gave a quizzical look , but he shook his head .
tr	I	And no matter how stubborn Henry be could , he wouldn 't abandon our son .
tr	I	Flavio had not opted period for furniture , settling instead for modern sofas and chairs that were ultimately more comfortable .
tr	I	We walked the to car in a heavy downpour and both jumped in the car , laughing .
tr	O	I thought about this for a minute before answering honestly .
tr	O	You two follow us in and secure the ground and second floors .
tr	O	They were trotting through the jungle at an almost leisurely pace , but when they saw Zeus and Ares , they began to run at full speed .
tr	O	He 'd meant no insult or slur on women .
tr	O	For the past six months , she 'd dreaded his calls , all the while experiencing a little thrill of excitement each time her phone rang .
tr	I	Burnett looked at Holiday as if asking her for help .
tr	I	He was dead before hitting ground the .
tr	O	She shouldn 't waste any attention on them .
tr	I	They fail 'd as well .
tr	O	The highlands were filled with grasses blowing in the wind .
tr	I	I shake my and head take a step back .
tr	O	Her felt the blood draining from her face as she scanned the room for a place to hide .
tr	I	He chuckled shook and his head .
tr	I	The frame around the smaller living room window in front gave way and broke into on pieces the ground .
tr	O	Nathaniel hugged me from behind , and I was suddenly sandwiched between my two live-in sweeties .
tr	I	I stopped fighting my racing pulse , the acid my in throat .
tr	I	I 'm here at the Loop 610 Bridge where gathered onlookers just have finished throwing some crackpot into the water below .
tr	I	Fred slapped a to hand his forehead .
tr	O	Another streak of flame shot towards the football field aiming at Sunday and Errol .
tr	I	By locking yourself away from the world , you choose your own mistakes and destroy any chance of finding ever happiness .
tr	O	Jack , too , has been asking about you .
tr	O	I chose tight jeans and boots , with a tunic shirt that belted at my waist .
tr	O	Claire came in , cautiously peering inside the house to make sure he wouldn 't be in the path of the light that spilled in around her .
tr	O	Victoria ignored him and looked at the house and the man standing outside .
tr	O	She gave a caressing touch to the dear head .
tr	I	We stumbled on another village African , not deserted this time .
tr	I	I not 'm getting a good recept -- .
tr	O	It wasn 't the countryside that existed now , a land of the undead .
tr	O	But I never thought of it as sexual .
tr	O	He had just fallen flat from his second straight back body drop .
tr	I	This was going to rough be and unplanned and dirty .
tr	O	He waited for her to maneuver herself properly .
tr	I	The man bent over and Andy took by the arm to help him up .
tr	O	I don 't need to read lips to know what Lacey 's saying .
tr	O	Ryan appeared in front of me , holding up his hands .
tr	I	His fisted fingers in her hair .
tr	O	Mrs. Spinoza asked sharply .
tr	I	Send it back to stars the .
tr	O	He trusted Ty with his heart .
tr	O	Momentarily dumbstruck , Royce stared at her as he considered what she said .
tr	O	We hurried past them toward the depot in a tight pack .
tr	O	I have never used her pet name .
tr	I	But everything sounded way too trite in my head , like would it diminish what had happened and what he 'd shared .
tr	O	Keep Venture rose before her in the night .
tr	I	Maybe she 'd been trying to convince that herself Joe was the more reliable man , but she hadn 't even considered calling him .
tr	O	He already thought she was a city girl who couldn 't handle life on a ranch .
tr	O	Keller , it 's my fault .
tr	I	She saw truck the parked up ahead .
tr	O	He gave me a nod , merely the briefest dip of his head .
tr	O	A heavyset man of forty-eight , Travis was accustomed to crises .
tr	I	A full minute before passed he spoke .
tr	O	The Professor said anxious .
tr	I	I said as watched I the people building the snowman .
tr	I	Both had and TVs phones .
tr	O	But , eventually , he would have to produce an heir .
tr	I	I wasn 't concerned if it poisoned was .
tr	O	Scott wasn 't as lucky ; he flew up and over the hood .
tr	I	He had served two military tours and Beth could only imagine what he had seen during time that .
tr	I	He his finds mother and brother easily enough .
tr	I	I 'm sick worry with for my sister and yet , when I think of you , I 'm happy .
tr	I	His ankle was still in excruciating pain and couldn he 't imagine having the same thing happen to the other one .
tr	I	The accident that he caused had .
tr	I	It was - loud almost deafening - but not noisy .
tr	I	She drew in a shaky breath and pulled eyes her away from his .
tr	I	If it 's not infectious , we look for other reasons this for skin response .
tr	O	The single man was still reading the paper , and every now and then the waitress would top off his coffee cup .
tr	I	But nothing around him changed has .
tr	O	He had sent his assistant off on some errand so enlisted me to help him clear the table .
tr	I	I 'll no ' many to ye a boy . '
tr	I	The monks in the old monastery built on the cliffs above Amalfi had just left the after church the morning mass .
tr	O	Now is not the time for quirky inner dialogue .
tr	O	Most times , the problem goes away after they accept their feelings .
tr	I	Downhill seemed the option best .
tr	I	He smiled , and the warmth of laced it through my being .
tr	O	He hadn 't turned completely mean .
tr	I	The decisions ultimately are his .
tr	O	Of all the faces as the bedside , Toby hadn 't clocked hers .
tr	I	' Show me arm your . '
tr	O	He wasn 't embarrassed to ask such a blunt , even childish question because it seemed to him like he already knew the answer .
tr	I	Using women as shields human !
tr	I	She still couldn 't to turn him .
tr	I	Did the of actions wraiths even fit into any kind of morality I understood ?
tr	I	He wondered if it was the protection of the Sword , or some ancient other energy .
tr	I	Joan stomach 's clenched .
tr	I	This is going to be one great vacation , he thought , he as got out of bed .
tr	I	I 'm old school and remember when vamps the and the wolves used to tear each other apart .
tr	I	For a long time , I 't didn hear a word from her , no matter how long I sat by a television and listened .
tr	I	She still couldn 't believe he 'd right looked at her and then just marched happily off and hopped in a cab .
tr	I	The flyers announced a meeting at the Church hall tomorrow night , to discuss recent the tragedies and to understand the course of action being taken .
tr	O	Someone who knows about your business ?
tr	O	I left him to his presents and went to the bathroom to get a shower .
tr	O	Thanks also go to my real-time friends for their encouragement , and my on-line friends for their support .
tr	O	- When you are ready , we will check the wound .
tr	O	Grabbing a hold of her mind , I mentally snarled at her .
tr	O	She looks around surprised by his remark .
tr	I	The expression that took over face his about made me keel over .
tr	I	His eldest son , Darion , ended up with brothers thirteen and sisters .
tr	O	I had never heard Maddox 's music , but I took Jade 's word that he was good .
tr	O	He pauses to regain his composure and withdraws a kerchief from his pocket .
tr	O	At first I wondered if she had spent the night there but upon further inspection I saw she was wearing different clothes so probably not .
tr	I	What if what the said man was true ?
tr	I	As stupid as it sounds , I didn 't want disappoint to Coach Miller .
tr	O	Sarah looked around and understood his earlier reluctance .
tr	O	Chapter 9 : Random Acts of Powerhouse Powerhouse flew up to the Heating Assistance Office .
tr	I	Sherman said to himself , I 'm glad feels he that way .
tr	I	We stopped outside largest the building in the town .
tr	O	He used to love his Aunt Mabry , but something changed her over recent years and he couldn 't connect with her anymore .
tr	I	Megan 's voice reached a shrill squeak and people other were beginning to take notice .
tr	I	The crabs that littered the table below reminded me how far they had come , from the Chesapeake Bay my to table .
tr	O	Spread against the wall , my purple cowboy boots dangling to the sides like a frog for dissection , I surrendered to whatever he had planned .
tr	I	But my was brain too muddled to even try to figure out which mountain we were on .
tr	O	It makes me think of sneaking into her room in the middle of the night , when the house is still and she 's asleep .
tr	I	He thanked the world for Saturdays because that meant that he could have some time alone searching his thoughts feelings and .
tr	I	Nicole knew she should speak , knew that it was her turn in the sequence to let them know she was right all .
tr	I	She asks with genuine concern and I momentarily curse myself for letting go her of .
tr	I	Tomorrow , I 'll finally make headway real again .
tr	O	Graham had never had sex with a human before , and he feared he 'd not be able to gentle himself enough for Misty .
tr	O	My face caught fire as the blood pooled under my cheeks .
tr	O	My brother Fang and I were the last sacrifices he made .
tr	O	Biddy nodded in understanding .
tr	O	Because that little boy needing his parents ' love still lived deep down inside of me .
tr	I	Maxine is standing in the hall with a man I have never before seen .
tr	I	He slides into his seat and cranks the car , then turns in his and seat faces me .
tr	O	She tasted blood , but it was old blood from where Hugo had attacked her .
tr	O	When I land they will take everything , and my family will go to prison .
tr	O	Yeah , maybe you 're right .
tr	I	I still have it within ... me .
tr	O	It was the melancholy , and the dark undertone of drums and cymbals .
tr	I	She against leaned a tree trunk casually , as if people passed out around her all the time .
tr	O	Just because he was cooking dinner didn 't mean he couldn 't answer the door too .
tr	I	After breakfast , Greasy Sae does the dishes and leaves , but she comes back up at to dinnertime make me eat again .
tr	O	And it was all being farmed .
tr	I	He offered to buy the lad a drink if he 'd wait , to he which got an immediate agreement .
tr	I	Sam knew I had good me inside .
tr	O	She looked at me through her eyelashes and it was one of the sexiest things I 'd seen .
tr	I	Vain snuck her way into the garage spacious .
tr	I	Inside , stood a the man size of a bull .
tr	I	I looked down at a crack in the driveway and wondered how to it get repaired .
tr	O	And we 'll never know who gave him that order .
tr	I	Maybe the cost of hinges and handles outweighed a little on extra the air-conditioning bill .
tr	I	Her next home letter took on a different tone .
tr	I	He turned her hand left until he could see her ring .
tr	I	His right hand was resting on my feet , and thumb his traced a nervous pattern across my toenails , which were painted a deep crimson .
tr	I	He had been to a of couple family events since Alexei had legitimized the family 's business and insisted on bringing Nikolai into the fold .
tr	I	Lewis took quick stock of his personnel - fifteen people , only six of them from personally his chosen crew .
tr	I	Bruises his under eyes , lines of tension branching from his mouth .
tr	O	Ronan looked to where she pointed and saw the metallic glint of a key hanging from a hook driven into the stone .
tr	I	I 'll check the garages and get to back you , > she said .
tr	O	The fantasy of his strong hands exploring my body with his signature boldness drove me wild .
tr	I	She got out of her car already on the phone to the brigade fire .
tr	I	Mrs. Rutledge smiled as though she enjoyed knowing something I 't didn .
tr	I	Everything had Asa said before came flashing through my mind .
tr	O	The Hunters were basically a combination of English and Scottish .
tr	I	He could have stayed there all night and not tired of loving her , pleasuring of her .
tr	I	Nearby , I noticed sealed some vials full of dark liquid .
tr	O	The darkness that stained his face and voice seared her .
tr	I	Soldiers so became demoralized that some fled during the night .
tr	O	He could see the glare of a flashlight bouncing along the glass of the door .
tr	I	When Mister Douglas explained , Lord Ashton didn 't even ask him how it went or if he won , just asked him if he captain made .
tr	I	And , really , didn he 't care what she was .
tr	I	Which means the distance between parallel sides is our square of root three again . '
tr	I	Yours , E I read note his a few dozen times and wondered what to do .
tr	O	Even so , her stomach heaved just a bit so she had to turn away from the bard 's body .
tr	I	Helen may have skipped a class or two in history , but even she that knew wasn 't a very successful strategic plan .
tr	O	Officer Newell asked in an almost offensive tone .
tr	I	Ponder spun around and saw a small heap of with clothing a pointed hat on top of it .
tr	O	His face completely blank .
tr	I	Rema hated the idea of finding murderer a , someone so vile and repulsive , attractive .
tr	I	The crisp September night contrasted with feverish the heat of the child .
tr	O	As I walked over to the living room to turn on the TV , I noticed something stuck under the door .
tr	I	Taro picked it and up flung it again , grunting with the added exertion .
tr	I	She didn 't smell good particularly .
tr	I	the demon asked , her curiosity holding more than hint a of amusement .
tr	I	They just wanted me to graduate and find a job that brought in decent enough money so we 't wouldn have to live paycheck to paycheck .
tr	O	I reach for the door handle , internally cringing .
tr	O	The last of the train cars had cleared the bridge .
tr	I	I was Nephilim now , blessed to live forever , cursed to so do without Patch .
tr	O	His heart pounded , and hers matched it .
tr	O	The knowing look in her eyes made Sheree blush clear down to her toes .
tr	I	Because it true 's .
tr	O	I don 't know how long I 've been out , or where I am .
tr	O	What did that mean , that last whispered comment ?
tr	I	The dog 's alert posture changed immediately , the tension draining from the animal , he although stayed protectively close to Antonietta .
tr	I	The two forcibly got Adri to his feet , and took him the from hall .
tr	I	I got 've only one person to blame - me .
tr	I	At least there were no other tracks her following tribe .
tr	O	How could he get close to her ?
tr	O	' Ai know you are engaged on University business , but should there be all these cracks ?
tr	I	It explain will everything .
tr	O	I recognized Esme 's favorite .
tr	I	She up popped and hurried forward .
tr	I	You 'll be first the we call .
tr	O	A giant grin split Maxwell 's face .
tr	I	Tears spilled from her , chest her constricted in pain .
tr	O	Alistair Caulfield collected his jacket from the ground and shook off the few blades of grass clinging to the superfine .
tr	I	Truly , I want her to be happy , whether she speaks to me or again not .
tr	O	I just drove for three hours and I 'm tired .
tr	I	It opened was immediately by an attractive , plump girl of about eighteen .
tr	O	But Waverly 's words echoed in my mind .
tr	O	You have a good life and I hope that you will allow me to continue to support you in that .
tr	I	Let leave 's it at that .
tr	O	It still felt hot and cold , though not as intensely as when her nail was in contact with his skin .
tr	I	In that moment , I saw the man my mother loved -- and kind generous .
tr	O	He sighted on a random star and got into his stride , ignoring the bushes that lashed at his bare legs .
tr	O	Camden got choked up when he mentioned Ben .
tr	O	I decided on a different topic that I had just as many questions for .
tr	O	I hoped I never looked like that when I felt smug .
tr	I	How Beck had managed a car with trip him was beyond me .
tr	I	I liked her already and hoped we 'd some share classes .
tr	I	This was the first time he 'd sat in front the row of any group of humans , apart from every class in school .
tr	O	She wouldn 't want Paris and Champ to lose their husband and father just because she 'd taken in a poor runaway .
tr	O	If we 've learned anything , it 's to keep our numbers down to the point where we can 't have an adverse impact on nature .
tr	I	* * * Wisely , Jeff let me stew a few minutes before asking questions about my visit , not that there was a to lot tell .
tr	I	In one picture , his arm was around her with one hand protectively on her stomach she as stepped off a curb .
tr	O	Kieron 's on his computer , and there 's some sandwiches in the fridge for both of you .
tr	I	' I needed clear a head to think .
tr	I	Couples up cuddled in booths and snuggled together at tables .
tr	I	Chapter 2 Nathan transported himself to the master bedroom his of home and laid the injured woman on his bed .
tr	I	he said , voice his steady and serious .
tr	I	He watched her move gracefully as she gathered goods the , weighed them and declared the price .
tr	O	He was making her feel like a scolded child .
tr	I	He looked in the mirror and was with pleased the results .
tr	O	The ground was slippery and quite a few times both of us slipped on wet tree limbs on the ground .
tr	O	Damon collapsed against her softness , but rolled to his side , pulling her with him .
tr	O	Eddie was one of the saved .
tr	I	Eve at looked Claire .
tr	O	Randy said grimly turning to head back to his truck with Kilo close behind .
tr	I	He didn 't in believe love anymore .
tr	O	I had no time for such niceties as I sized up the spare tire , which seemed to be in only slightly better shape than the flat .
tr	O	I was sitting on the front porch hoping to hear that church bell ring when she came running up the drive and into my arms .
tr	I	She hadn 't seen him in years several .
tr	O	While my girlfriend is waiting for me .
tr	I	I scanned each through document , but most of them were performance reviews or personnel files for Avery 's employees .
tr	O	John and Terry turned away and headed due south towards Leicester Square .
tr	I	Alex rubbed his jaw , gaze his focused on Molly .
tr	I	Mikey , the owner of the Camaro , strides to up us .
tr	I	' Yeah worries no . '
tr	I	He realized his hands clasped were tightly into fists .
tr	O	I have to find out the truth .
tr	O	I never told her that , and now I wish I had .
tr	I	He growled and I smiled , pushing the start on button the washing machine .
tr	I	The brush was getting here thicker , the trees closer .
tr	I	Flossie stood on the porch , a large orange and white cat around twining her legs .
tr	O	I think whatever he said was probably bad enough , but I heard what he really meant .
tr	I	Mamma would find out sooner later or that the Angel was a fraud anyway .
tr	I	But was Cameron right when he told me I 'd deliberately let myself become a drudge .
tr	O	All our lives , we had lived with our father and our housekeeper since our mom had died giving birth to Mikey .
tr	O	Daemon angrily shrugged off the guards ' hands and began undressing when a bolt of pain from the Ring of Obedience made him catch his breath .
tr	O	I 'm so maddened by the thought of what could have happened to her that I could kill .
tr	O	Just like he 'd been .
tr	I	It seemed as if time every he sat down he spotted another drop of red somewhere , but he didn 't see any now .
tr	O	I believe Dorian has made his way there .
tr	I	An inviting crackled fire in a small fireplace between them .
tr	O	The more I thought about it though , the worse I felt .
tr	O	If you get the wrong number , you don 't get anything .
tr	O	A moment later , the surface of Banos was laid out for her , the facility blinking red .
tr	I	I was hypnotised by her accent , every teasing syllable my ears .
tr	O	It ain 't everybody who 's bad .
tr	I	There are no windows ; Isaac had them boarded , saying they distracted from the glory the of Lord and the purity of their worship .
tr	O	Os ' mar waved to a seat as I plopped down .
tr	I	He lifted yellowed a brow .
tr	I	the other hissed man .
tr	I	It was to enough turn Hugo 's head back .
tr	I	It was to nice hear her laugh again .
tr	I	Nicole just her shook head .
tr	I	Even Archer had slouching stopped in his seat .
tr	O	The drive led into a large circular driveway that centered on the main house , barn and a field shed .
tr	O	Jared had left a written account of his journey with Lia while being pursued by Dorothea 's Master of the Guard .
tr	O	I puffed out a small laugh and gave up , my awkward attempts at holding my e-reader with the two of them wedged against me proved fruitless .
tr	O	He raised his eyebrows .
tr	I	The that knowledge she wasn 't long for this world .
tr	I	Yet , I would do again it .
tr	I	He hadn 't been this embarrassed since the time they skinny went dipping in high school and his so-called best friend stole his clothes from the shore .
tr	O	The Journal just published a story about the lady the Bachelor Blogger mentioned and her link to the notorious Morley murder .
tr	I	He hit the button on the remote for MP3 the player .
tr	O	A man sat in the road as we entered the afternoon .
tr	O	David wondered aloud if Gwen had told him the truth .
tr	I	We stand there , face-to-face , not meeting each other eyes 's .
tr	I	Ever brave , Dina snags something with a off tail one of the platters and pops it into her mouth .
tr	I	I therefore remained standing .
tr	O	Her sister lowered the shirt , smiling apologetically , but raised it before Sabrina could snatch it back .
tr	I	She cooked wonderful meals and him nursed whenever he needed it .
tr	O	Both of them stepped into the airlock .
tr	O	That old building , it 's disintegrating ; it 's a ruin .
tr	I	They matched her coat , she one 'd complained mildly was worn at the edges , last year 's style .
tr	I	The handshake only lasted for second a , because I automatically withdrew my hand out of his .
tr	O	Blake looked away from me , his eyes running over the water .
tr	I	He glared just at him heatedly .
tr	O	Almost alive with vibrant colour , they seemed to flit and preen under the flickering light from above .
tr	I	We only saw a them couple times a week .
tr	I	There will be no increase to current our daily patrol of the Central Housing section or any rebuke upon other quarters of the village .
tr	O	Their shoulders brushed as he came to stand next to her .
tr	I	I close my eyes while takes Derek over .
tr	I	He still looked immaculate his in nobleman 's suit .
tr	I	' We shall about see that ! '
tr	I	We you followed when you went in search of him .
tr	I	The first thing he thought was how wonderfully she Dexter and would get along if they 'd met under the right circumstances .
tr	I	Yes , I you remember saying something , but I did not believe any of this back then .
tr	I	He wanted to in feed the kitchen ?
tr	O	But I dreamt I was outside in the storm , the wind whipping my hair in my face and blinding my eyes .
tr	I	There was a hill some way with off trees on it , pretty thick in parts .
tr	I	The organization numerous had individuals paid off at the port allowing them to smuggle in and out whatever they needed .
tr	O	Savannah fought tears at the kind gesture of the graduation planning committee .
tr	I	She worked days , but her pickup truck was her in driveway .
tr	I	And sometimes they were even able to work doors and windows , just like they when had been alive .
tr	I	There was going to be blood , and it wasn 't looking good for of either us .
tr	O	Kadie stood at the window in the living room , staring out .
tr	O	She reached out a hand and touched Gracie 's cheek .
tr	O	It has just happened too fast .
tr	O	His lips met mine .
tr	O	I am not insane .
tr	O	Not an easy thing to achieve , when my captivating date insisted on shifting his own gaze in my direction and locking my gaze with his .
tr	I	I asked Gee quietly , afraid she didn truly 't know .
tr	O	Silken was smiling as she waved goodbye and went with Max to find their seats but her smile hid a tiny prick of apprehension .
tr	O	They arrived at their accommodation at two at night according to time in Nex York , and immediately went to sleep .
tr	I	Oh God , she if saw his face -- !
tr	O	Unless a miracle happened , this year the inn wasn 't going to be ready .
tr	O	She took great satisfaction in watching his reaction , especially the one south of the Mason-Dixon Line .
tr	I	The band starts removing their instruments what for I assume is a break , and I panic .
tr	I	The next shape that came barreling through the fire human was .
tr	O	I ´ m out in the clear .
tr	I	' The Fourth July of ... shouldn 't start ... till after dark . '
tr	O	The first involves a rescue mission ; your monitor contains the details .
tr	O	' Aye , but ye can frit it awa ' , ' said Rob Anybody .
tr	I	He spun around to see Reid jogging him toward .
tr	I	gaining everyone attention 's .
tr	O	Everything is in neutral tones of cream , light brown and white but it is modern and comfortable .
tr	O	Jonas somehow beat her carefully .
tr	I	' You will be glad to have back them . '
tr	O	He pulls my ass cheeks apart and pushes deeper in .
tr	O	Get it out of your systems now , because if you don 't behave yourselves after lunch , I 'm kicking you all out of here .
tr	I	Every few minutes she looked up to make sure that Grace was okay , and then went she back to work .
tr	O	She knew he had to be away but she was still saddened .
tr	O	It 's so strange hearing words come out of Logan 's mouth .
tr	I	Opposite , the in bottom right corner , was a garden shed .
tr	O	Shirley was sounding irritated rather than worried or strident and was giving no ground to Millicent , who changed tack .
tr	I	Some of the officers were probably intending to the sweep area a few more times .
tr	O	For years , whenever Grace came by on her bicycle , Evonne would offer her some small job .
tr	O	We thought you all were taken to Maggie 's house , but when we didn 't find anyone there , we came right here .
tr	I	I had do to this alone .
tr	O	I gasped and whipped around to face the figure .
tr	O	Mexican sailors began jumping into the gulf 's waters .
tr	O	Meredith could see from his expression what he was thinking : Yes !
tr	I	His response was met with a swift punch to stomach the .
tr	O	' How is it , being in the limelight ? '
tr	O	He 'll make sure Wyatt sees you with him , laughing and talking and holding your head up .
tr	I	She 's chair for the Benefit Christmas bazaar !
tr	O	Sleep would be good , he thought .
tr	O	He said nothing , but just the touch of another human , alive and warm , was enough to allow Noelle to regain control .
tr	I	If lose I , then we 're still in business .
tr	I	I kissed her and put arm my around her .
tr	O	I let myself finally breathe .
tr	I	In the background , and nestled in the protruding black cliffs , was what like looked a diamond out of the rocks .
tr	I	So much sensation incredible .
tr	O	She swept it up and aimed it .
tr	I	Billy stopped yelling and the left bedroom , slamming the door behind him .
tr	O	He breathed deeply and stood from his seat .
tr	O	That would only make him a couple of thousand years old .
tr	I	It almost reached all the way to the ceiling and almost all the way to the floor .
tr	O	The list was long .
tr	O	I ran those four to the verge of exhaustion day after day .
tr	O	His blond hair fell casually over one eye and the spare jaw and high cheekbones looked like they belonged on Mt. Rushmore .
tr	I	I took from money it .
tr	O	I knocked his hand away .
tr	O	I 'm not about to call him out .
tr	I	The plain gold band glittered in the pale glow of limo the 's headlights .
tr	O	If someone had looked in at the adults and children , they would have never guessed that they were a family .
tr	O	Be that as it may , their life continued without significant events for the next few years .
tr	I	Mr. Hayes started look to over the wine list while his bimbo went to the bathroom .
tr	I	All of this money you have making is you too egocentric .
tr	I	They didn 't need witness to this again .
tr	O	I 'd just begged a GP member to save this House - cried in front of that GP member - and I returned to this ?
tr	O	It took a moment for her eyes to adjust , but Janice could see Mr. Tracey sitting in front of her .
tr	O	- The implications there were clear .
tr	I	I am hitting a wall and being thrust cold against , metal bars .
tr	I	My mom shook head her .
tr	I	He me scooped up into his arms .
tr	I	He would and smile then look away .
tr	O	He picks one up and , with his thumb and middle finger , shoots it toward the wastebasket .
tr	I	I love you even though you 're the to heir this estate .
tr	O	Nerds are not cool .
tr	I	There was no obvious staring answer at him .
tr	O	His head was shaved and scarred , faint lines overlapping in a vicious pattern .
tr	O	Call if you need anything .
tr	I	She 's got the high-flying career , gorgeous the home and the loving husband .
tr	I	I glanced at down the cache of arms .
tr	O	In the morning , the girls and Andromeda organized chocolate figurines inside the big baskets .
tr	O	I pulled it out of my pocket .
tr	O	He ignored her direction to play the part safe , to play it as Jeroen had played it .
tr	O	Where he went after high school wasn 't even a question .
tr	O	But she avoided him like he was some sort of leper !
tr	O	As in a lizard , just like the ones she 'd seen sunning themselves in her backyard .
tr	O	Belinda woke on the floor of her bedroom , her head reeling and her eyes unfocused .
tr	I	For Sebastian it already was forgotten , he smiled brightly and energetically .
tr	I	There was a small china pitcher of hot on chocolate the table with a china cup .
tr	O	So is a week too long ?
tr	I	I do not want him go to .
tr	O	I shook my head .
tr	I	I scoffed his at casualness .
tr	I	His instantly eyes hardened .
tr	O	Unfortunately for him , he also decided to betray me .
tr	O	I needed to find out who Chastity was -- I hoped we 'd get along -- but , more importantly , what was up with this teacher ?
tr	I	He yelled again I as pushed through the door .
tr	O	He rolled over , muttering something about wind blowing through empty spaces .
tr	I	He was small and delicate boned not but weak .
tr	I	Kaz led the way over to ridge the .
tr	O	After finding out Walker was home , I 'd pulled over and changed into my favorite boots and shorts .
tr	O	A staff board on the wall indicated that the professor worked in a laboratory two levels up .
tr	O	His sexy grin had me wanting to both retreat and maul him .
tr	I	He stood directly behind her and she squeezed her eyes shut to keep from turning his into arms .
tr	I	Kane continued his headlong rush , his sniffing nose at corners or in the air .
tr	I	' Give a dog bone a , would you believe it ? '
tr	O	But this time she is thirteen and a college student .
tr	I	Then I look at Cash and he looks the as same his brother .
tr	I	I walked over to one of the tables in corner the so that I could look outside the window at the passing people .
tr	O	The sound seemed to amplify in the quiet command building .
tr	I	He said conviction with .
tr	I	While he was the in hospital recuperating , he 'd met a young nurse .
tr	O	They situate themselves on the roofs , as the landed helicopters turn off their engines .
tr	I	Marwan shrugged off the comment was but secretly pleased inside at the recognition of his family 's status .
tr	O	He moved some of the dirt under his feet with the tip of his left sneaker .
tr	O	Shadowhunters often died young , and left children behind to be raised by others .
tr	O	If you want to pull my plug , go for it .
tr	O	We loved the creativity , the feeling that we were making something from nothing .
tr	I	What she didn 't know was that my trying to quit my was addiction the cause of those mood swings .
tr	O	Rush loved her enough to want a commitment from her but not enough to make her his wife .
tr	I	Thoughtfully , Igor went down to his room off the kitchen and checked that little his leather bag was packed , just in case .
tr	I	What was mess I getting myself into ?
tr	O	He couldn 't understand why someone like Sole found comfort near him , but she did and this gave him a strength he never knew he had .
tr	I	She wanted to shuck off her suit jacket and start a with catfight the boss 's daughter .
tr	I	Why such insistence I that stay ?
tr	O	I think their arrangement is fine with both of them , so neither of them is in a hurry to sacrifice their opposing views on modern technology .
tr	O	It will be the beginning of the end , for sure .
tr	I	Oliver at smiled her across the table .
tr	O	He hadn 't known how far they had dropped .
tr	O	Oh , be quiet , she ordered that annoying internal voice .
tr	I	I glanced back and we watched both a young mom or nanny pushing a tricked out stroller .
tr	O	Her gaze drifted over his hairy chest and flat belly , down to the masculine bulge beneath those tight boxers .
tr	I	Isolation was his chosen way of life , so much that so he normally avoided people , yet he felt reluctant to be away from Dahlia .
tr	I	And it again changed .
tr	I	And there 's plenty of for time introductions .
tr	I	She was and surprised beyond belief .
tr	I	She nodded , seeming to accept non his answer , and leaned in for another kiss .
tr	I	He always checked out the bands newest .
tr	O	We both wanted a fresh start after my mother died , and we were intrigued by the untapped opportunities in the New World .
tr	O	He 'd thought he might get more of a reaction .
tr	O	It 's a shame really as it was Prissy 's dream .
tr	I	Olivia stood up , tossing the iPad back to Kiera , and walked to back the kitchen table .
tr	I	Maybe this a was way that no one else had tried .
tr	O	Hopefully Dean didn 't look for a day or two .
tr	O	That small tribute shook him to the very core of his being .
tr	O	Erin walked back to the broken church doors and stared out at the early morning .
tr	O	The teacher said he 'd never seen a frog with such a ful stomach .
tr	O	Lying to old men I could just about do , but picking locks ( without any tools ) was not in my skill set .
tr	I	Damien Whitfield was denied never .
tr	I	It took a few minutes before my breathing slowed , before I could blink into of awareness my surroundings .
tr	I	I 'd tried everything I could think of to devise an antidote that would put people back the way they been 'd before they were bitten .
tr	O	That wasn 't the answer he had been expecting .
tr	I	What didn he 't know was that it would mean him taking care of everything .
tr	I	I knew he was pissed about losing it , but it why explained he wouldn 't answer my calls .
tr	O	The acid burn was gone from my leg .
tr	I	Sebastian felt expression his tighten .
tr	I	Surely no mortal could man ever look that good .
tr	I	Mixing another type of unknown treatment with could cytarabine have dire consequences , even a fatal reaction .
tr	I	French and German , Russian and Japanese , think I .
tr	I	She was already in the 's driver seat , lowering the automatic windows to cool off the car .
tr	I	Giving Julian and Caden hope back .
tr	O	She blew him a kiss and shifted , shocked that she did so easily , certain of him now .
tr	O	Lindsay was a substitute teacher now but still worked on the play every year .
tr	O	He looked as if the word were alien to him , then stood up suddenly .
tr	I	He worried about how Mr. Stott might react the to broken masts , tattered sails , crushed hull , and whatever little pieces had fallen off .
tr	O	We sit back and enjoy the quiet for a while until the wind kicks up , then he takes my hand and pulls be too my feet .
tr	I	She picked it up dumped and the contents .
tr	I	With these dreams returning , she decided it was probably time to talk to her therapist overpriced again and get her take .
tr	I	But right before she went stick to her phone back in her pocket , she realized she hadn 't spoken with her mom in ... forever .
tr	O	And while she slept , the Shadow Men crept .
tr	O	He held it out to Markman .
tr	O	Her heart slammed hard in her chest .
tr	O	And The Dead Ships , Sailing .
tr	I	He to ached press his lips against her cheek .
tr	I	The men turned and caught them staring through the window , winking Sergei at his wife while Marco smirked .
tr	I	Framed family photographs -- purposely untouched by the mobsters -- mocking and contrasting their smiling faces with their hideous grimaces death .
tr	I	Why don you 't answer my question ?
tr	I	he clarified in tones icy .
tr	I	It didn make 't sense at all .
tr	I	Did he think had he me ?
tr	I	And he was the nearing finish line .
tr	I	Their mother was as much a part of family their now as she had been before her death .
tr	I	I up bounded the stairs to Grant 's apartment .
tr	I	I make note a of that .
tr	O	He grinned and started to laugh .
tr	O	But it wouldn 't end Jeff 's fascination with creatures under the spell of suspended animation .
tr	I	Maybe I 't don want to move .
tr	I	Let another waste man his time .
tr	I	And Lily is Rigby from a Main Line family ?
tr	I	She caught hands his to stop him .
tr	I	The lights in the slowly ceiling flickered back on .
tr	I	One of four , belonged it to the kitchen dining set they had bought for their first year anniversary .
tr	I	What a muddle I 've made things of .
tr	O	His eyes close and he pushes out a breath .
tr	O	He didn 't turn around at first ; he was caught up in intense decision making with the rest of his coaching staff .
tr	O	They were silent as they waited .
tr	I	Trevino at blinked me .
tr	O	The other side is fashioned to be used as a saw with a serrated edge .
tr	I	Besides , she wanted to be a hundred percent certain with doctor a 's visit .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to therapy as much and I actually felt good every I day woke up .
tr	O	She said handing it to me .
tr	O	He probably hadn 't bought it when she 'd offered to stay late to take a client interview so he could get an early night .
tr	I	I kept myself going in the same as direction best I could .
tr	O	Having been the sole focus of her attention twice today , he couldn 't help feeling slighted .
tr	O	Her hands waved back and forth in time to her rapid-fire talk and her quick pacing in front of him .
tr	O	He won 't even think about what if she 's not there .
tr	I	Part of her would like nothing more than to open her to legs him .
tr	I	She told that him David had plans for the children and wanted them taken to him alive .
tr	I	The was voice the same rowdy crewmember .
tr	O	Glass windows looked out into the coming night .
tr	I	Eve had said her job her prevented from going , but that wasn 't entirely true .
tr	I	He reached into his pocket and pulled out a condom wrapper sliding before it on and giving me a small wink .
tr	O	She puzzled him , and wasn 't that wonderful ?
tr	I	Nothing was as happening she expected .
tr	O	He was hiding things .
tr	O	The whole boat was a mass of creaking timber , as the hull took the strain .
tr	O	He bent down to drink the blood coming out from George 's wounds .
tr	I	She heard shuffling on the other end , like he was on pulling shoes or something .
tr	O	Cliff Eggers 's big hand smoothed Tamsin 's hair in a cherishing gesture .
tr	I	He could still feel her as bristling he paid for their pizza , then hailed a cab to take them to his place .
tr	I	Nodding , Hazel closed her eyes and tried block to out the sound of the monkeys around her .
tr	O	Eventually , he passed back down the gun case and carefully lifted himself out .
tr	I	All of a sudden , everything black turned , and I couldn 't see anything .
tr	I	I gave directions him .
tr	I	You get out of my class and don 't you EVER come to class my unprepared !
tr	I	I triangulated the likely origin of the sound and the emptied rest of the magazine in that direction .
tr	O	Not that this poor girl would have had much success being taken even after a long night drinking .
tr	I	I know he must love because me I don 't think I could feel the way that I feel if he didn 't feel the same .
tr	I	I heard it was rumpus a . '
tr	O	He thought it was serene to meet someone , make small talk , and never see them again .
tr	O	I think he likes me , Abby thought .
tr	O	It would make another pure blood vampire .
tr	I	She told herself remain to firm .
tr	O	And then he left .
tr	I	I figured out the most tip important when he finally set us on the ground : Don 't try to walk right away .
tr	O	All I heard was a crackling sound , rain and wet tires , as if one long strip of Velcro was endlessly peeling .
tr	I	Not a shape single loomed from the shadows .
tr	I	This news caused him to worry about his two brave astronauts million three miles away , who might be there for eternity .
tr	O	He can create that visual effect and often does because we 've been trained to fear it , but it 's just window dressing .
tr	I	I guess couples are expected to sample the wares before themselves committing , but that never occurred to me .
tr	O	' Then perhaps you can come up here and show the rest of us what you 're working on . '
tr	I	Though I knew it would make me miserable , I found myself searching for the child 's name again , in the of column text .
tr	O	Never once did David 's eyes move away from her .
tr	O	It was no place for a young woman with such impeccable morals . '
tr	I	Yet there was an underlying hardness to her gaze , tightness a to her lips that gave her an emotionally untouchable veneer .
tr	O	I want you both to sit and eat with me and talk to me .
tr	O	Van , every one of these ingredients in the entire room is well known all over the world , and each item has free-standing beneficial aspects .
tr	I	Mary could sense that he was having another physiological reaction her to touching his face , so she took her hand back .
tr	O	My heart fluttered in my chest at his response .
tr	O	Pain twisted within her .
tr	I	Misty only stared at him and 't didn look honored at all .
tr	O	Only your daughter keeps me from joining you .
tr	I	I had written already Ides of March , police academy , get in your pants , and something I want you to see .
tr	O	I was going to have to find a way of dealing with my future ... husband .
tr	I	I started back through the thirty or pictures so I had taken , and looked for any with writing on them .
tr	I	My life fighting is .
tr	O	I won 't let go this time .
tr	I	They used the Playstation instead to search the Internet for information and watch Youtube videos into the early morning hours , long after went Karen to bed .
tr	O	Something caught his eyes on a distance , a shelter .
tr	I	Sebastian 's magic raced up through the foundation and raged then outward .
tr	O	What was her name ?
tr	I	He cocked an eyebrow her at .
tr	I	They to continued meet regularly and at one meeting she brought Melvyn with her to meet Ruth .
tr	O	And it was much better than offering us weapons again .
tr	O	Rose flinched and took a step back , her eyes growing wide with fear .
tr	O	With a big boom , I am though the wall opening .
tr	I	I asked group the to give a brief overview of the mission so we could know what we 'd be up against .
tr	I	They at smiled each other and Micah started kissing her .
tr	I	Josef back went inside .
tr	O	Every day I wake has the potential of being the last day of my life .
tr	I	I hadn 't read Hamlet , but I was on good with terms Shakespeare .
tr	I	The Forgotten were closing in us on , stepping across the toadstools into the circle , glowing eyes fastened on me .
tr	O	He comes to kiss the top of my head , spurring on my sudden urge to cry , but I fight it back .
tr	O	called Simmonds after him .
tr	I	And Hayden Edge was not a who man owed anyone .
tr	I	The party was growing rowdy down hall the .
tr	O	He has gone up into the high places , among the birches that he loves best , and he will not come down .
tr	I	Colt led me up the hayloft stairs and laid me down in the the hay same way he had that first night .
tr	O	First game 's in six weeks .
tr	O	However , I have fucked things up enough with Cherie that I simply nod .
tr	O	Maron smiled at this sentiment .
tr	I	I wanted to cast a glamour spell , and not actually transform friends my into the images I was picturing .
tr	O	She got a hit in this time .
tr	O	Beth 's laugh held no humor .
tr	O	The men looked at one another .
tr	I	Martin that admitted it was .
tr	O	I 'll find her .
tr	O	Now you know the biggest reason .
tr	O	He threw it on with a flourish .
tr	O	I can hear it in her voice .
tr	O	What gorillas give food ?
tr	I	She was standing back from the rest of the crowd with her arms crossed a and recording ball hovering over her left shoulder .
tr	I	Thankfully Josh wasn 't immediately shot down in a of hail bright white laser fire .
tr	I	He lowered head his .
tr	I	Well there is little enough chance of that , the King thinks , so he can to afford be generous .
tr	O	The whole day was extremely hot .
tr	I	She was about twenty feet from it when a figure stepped out slightly from behind a pillar next to shop the .
tr	I	I am going to my quarters where I am going to have a hot bath a and vodka on the rocks .
tr	O	We could try and call back some of the latter cuts .
tr	O	I 'd better not do any more damage .
tr	I	Grandma and Grandpa have been supporting our little since family I was born .
tr	I	No smoke travelled through the chimney yet its ; inhabitants were still asleep .
tr	I	Gwen 's and Sean 's house was beautiful and with filled antique furniture .
tr	I	She imagined her sword cutting flesh their , and her pain receded .
tr	I	You 't can skimp Jack .
tr	O	He stops midway on the stairs and looks back up at me in the doorway .
tr	I	Sini at snapped her .
tr	I	The Frenchman despondent looked at the news of our early departure .
tr	O	I thought about the voicemail again .
tr	O	No doubt about it , his restaurant was highly successful .
tr	O	Several strands of pale hair fell over my face .
tr	O	Amanda 's jaw dropped .
tr	O	As it subsided , four ninjas stepped out of the haze and leapt toward the party .
tr	I	Unable to imagine being forced from her parents at that age , gasped Grace .
tr	O	My paintbrush moves to the rhythm as I imagine playing the piano .
tr	O	Ethan watched it tumble across the street as he forced the pedal to the floor .
tr	O	The question was why .
tr	I	The Black Skull Plaza observation floor more was than three times the size of the Empire State Building .
tr	O	She sat on one rail .
tr	I	We ended up eating sparingly we as hiked .
tr	O	He wore a pair of black glasses over his eyes .
tr	O	So going against every part of me that lives and breathes freely in this small town , I promise him this .
tr	O	As soon as he learned Jennifer 's face was clean , he 'd felt an undeniable curiosity to have a look at it .
tr	I	Not all men bastards are .
tr	O	The next , it went black .
tr	I	I realize what 's about to happen and I to begin internally panic .
tr	I	It too 's hilariously insane .
tr	I	Behind closed lips , I run my tongue my over slightly crooked front ones .
tr	O	It was one of those situations where you learn what you 're made of .
tr	I	Suddenly , I had the desperate urge to look at her lovely face , so I pulled my mouth from neck her and took her wrist instead .
tr	I	Markman tugged at his black jogging pants , and unzipped the long-sleeved jacket sweat .
tr	O	She approached Mike while seductively still sipping on her drink .
tr	O	But she 'd seen screen kisses and knew eyes were usually closed .
tr	O	Regardless of my practice session with my dad , California came flying out of my mouth without warning and I had to go with it .
tr	O	She tried to remember if she 'd made her bed and put away her nightgown that morning .
tr	I	I call silently Olivia to , willing her back onto my shoulder , but she does not come .
tr	I	She instantly was crushed .
tr	O	She hadn 't had breakfast and a snack sounded good .
tr	O	The other three men looked up at Shree in disbelief .
tr	I	The compartment glove had the owner 's manuel , registration , insurance , and gum wrappers .
tr	I	You see , I lost son my because of people who 'd taken the Hippocratic Oath .
tr	I	I tense in response to the in flare his energy .
tr	O	If that 's what you eat ... or drink .
tr	O	Otherwise , where was the phone call to tell me you was sorry ?
tr	O	That would seem like a reasonable thought process .
tr	O	I have a BOW .
tr	O	Falling for someone who wanted another is not very nice .
tr	I	It its opened wings , leaned forward , and pecked violently at the paper , seeming to aim at two specific spots .
tr	O	Once again Geisler dared to insult and Serge 's temper flared .
tr	O	The more he thought about it , though , the more he realized that the idea might have some merit .
tr	O	With the pooch at her heels , Lacey tossed her purse onto the bed and hit the Play button on her answering machine .
tr	O	We 're not sure , but we think he knew we were watching him the next day during lunch .
tr	I	He said vanished Warren into the woods .
tr	I	His hands went her to throat .
tr	I	Eve ... Which spoke one , she couldn 't discern .
tr	I	I to have confirm that David was bitten .
tr	I	Somebody could have over pulled , maybe gotten out , maybe not , and given the handbag a good heave .
tr	O	She stayed so calm in the room when her grandma slipped back into her memories , but it was clearly just an act .
tr	I	When details had been passed to Paramaribo , Lucas Perk , Police the Inspector , had taken charge .
tr	I	The look consists of styled perfectly hair , designer clothes , and Gucci leather loafers with no socks .
tr	O	I dropped my head between my knees , but when Jamie put his arm around me I flinched .
tr	I	I headed into the house and past rushed my mother .
tr	I	' When hostel authorities will about know these stuffs , they will ask to take away from here immediately . '
tr	O	My wife , who knows me better than anyone , knew there was more to it than that .
tr	I	Oh it February 's ?
tr	O	he muttered savagely as he swung around to deal with the problem .
tr	I	The sex incredible was .
tr	I	Her heartbeat had been the first she sound 'd stopped hearing .
tr	O	He trusts the teenage twins .
tr	O	Riley pushed out of the doorway and came closer .
tr	O	Granted , that might be a formality at this stage , but Alix would 've appreciated seeing their final choice .
tr	I	He was her eating pleasant dreams !
tr	I	we heard Hollis Rob say .
tr	O	I stopped short when he spotted us and flashed us his signature smile .
tr	I	Instead , she tried to concentrate on re-setting watch her to the correct time .
tr	O	He managed to slip off one when I pulled my legs away .
tr	O	I didn 't really pay attention to the rest of winter and before long spring made the earth green again .
tr	I	And I think that 's hurts what the most .
tr	O	She shook her head , and a wisdom seldom seen in a person her age crept into her voice .
tr	O	I yelled , stalking out of the garage .
tr	I	There was enough hardly time left .
tr	I	He fanned Tessa 's long hair out on the as pillow he thought about it .
tr	I	One lowered a gun , at pointing my head .
tr	O	The truck swayed against the wind as it followed .
tr	O	I didn 't mean to scare you .
tr	O	What better way than to alienate him from his much loved daughter ? '
tr	I	She could barely speak words ; had become impossible to form .
tr	O	In the battle with the Dark Lord , Gavin and Elena found themselves defenseless against him .
tr	I	Dare nodded 's Sam way .
tr	I	It was somewhat intimidating being at Sebastian office 's .
tr	O	The device was unfamiliar to us .
tr	O	Mrs Alsop , the woman who had bought her late uncles house , stood before her .
tr	O	Sam laughed as he popped open his soda .
tr	O	His hands slid down her back , drawing her into him .
tr	I	Providence finally plopped down in her chair and bounced it toward edge the of the kitchen table .
tr	I	While the meal was being prepared the teams were harnessed to the wagons and the needed riding horses saddled were and bridled .
tr	O	She was sure it was dead when she threw it in the bin .
tr	O	Still , I didn 't want to report the neighbors to the police on Christmas Eve .
tr	O	Some changed periodically and others stayed the same .
tr	I	Stock analysts offered myriad opinions , each in sharp contrast the to preceding one .
tr	O	At thirty-three , he was tired of dating women who only wanted one thing from him .
tr	O	I spent the better part of the next three hours with him .
tr	I	The old blue vinyl seats were and ripped stained .
tr	O	With the growing sounds of Corky 's struggle , Tolland felt a helpless sensation he had not felt in years .
tr	O	He stared at Chin 's ashen face .
tr	I	Instantly , is he beside me , trepidation registers in his voice .
tr	O	I would have sworn she had this down to a morbid science .
tr	I	My understands mother this .
tr	I	Harrison said , holding his son in arms his and pressing his face against his chest to shield it from the burning brightness .
tr	O	However , while she crawled into bed , she didn 't sleep .
tr	O	But that leaves me needing to do something with my neck .
tr	I	I think it is time he paid for some of the wrongs did he .
tr	O	Where are you from ?
tr	I	The he way stood was all wrong .
tr	I	These senses seemed more sensitive , perhaps because their of brief absence .
tr	O	Her sight had blurred with tears .
tr	I	Justus ' men looked to him raised and coils and rifles towards the sound of the metallic echo .
tr	O	She thought that the mists outside looked a bit brighter than usual .
tr	I	Of course , now I curious was as to what this could possibly be about .
tr	I	Agreeing a with gentry was not his normal operating procedure .
tr	O	I have never felt so frightened or so truly alive .
tr	I	Mina swiped away a tear had that slid down her cheek .
tr	I	She me led down a little corridor ; it had little rooms leading off of it .
tr	I	I on knock Kayla 's front door .
tr	I	There 's time a for the real world and consequences , Caroline knows that .
tr	I	Tiffany could see animated some conversations going on .
tr	O	' Hi Grace , ' Johnny said appearing from nowhere and putting his arm around her .
tr	I	She for ached him to take her again , though she was sore .
tr	O	I started to doodle on the back of the scrap .
tr	I	She gave a little smile as she remembered and felt cheeks her blush .
tr	O	It 's just dark .
tr	O	Her hand shook as she tucked it into her father 's elbow .
tr	O	He pulled it out of her reach .
tr	O	Anyway , telling you how we became friends is so boring , when I can just show you .
tr	O	He had been remembering how he used to feel on Sunday nights . .
tr	O	It took a few seconds to get his bearings .
tr	O	We cluster together to form teams , and then turn against one another .
tr	O	There 're more important issues at hand here , Russ .
tr	I	As he turned back , he felt the impact of bodies against the shield and heard the warning from shouts the Warlords outside .
tr	O	She confessed she had always wanted to help those that claimed to have experienced UFO kidnappings , and the like .
tr	I	I was human half , after all , and had been raised that way .
tr	O	The arms then moved up and started on my hands .
tr	O	He excused himself and went into the bathroom .
tr	I	A quick glass of cabernet and I was asleep the on settee .
tr	O	I want you to get a good look .
tr	O	In retaliation over my audacity , he spun Vivienne around and kissed her .
tr	I	It all bleeds together and I can 't tell emotions the apart .
tr	I	Although she walked 'd away feeling like she 'd just been scraped from the tarmac again .
tr	I	The way he looked at me ... I knew he wanted me much as as I wanted him .
tr	I	I am the lawyer representing Mr. Voss 's estate , and , unlike her other clients , I just to want speak with her .
tr	O	Ivo stayed hidden , motionless until long after they were gone .
tr	O	The old man slapped the side of Sado 's leg .
tr	O	He heard his own breathing , and the breathing of the others ... but he heard nothing else .
tr	I	Lex just kept watching action the unfold .
tr	O	I did not like the sounds of that .
tr	I	The office had been two completed weeks earlier .
tr	O	As the words tumble out of my mouth , I immediately regret them .
tr	I	Could Tequila been have the weak link right from the start ?
tr	I	The actually were took a step back .
tr	I	Everything about him that I knew should be terrifying was simply gone , the illusion no able longer to keep reality from my mind .
tr	I	Pearl nodded , appreciating the difficulty the of situation .
tr	O	And she was grateful it was too late to call him back now .
tr	I	Like she 's decided she let 'll it go for now .
tr	I	He was in the room when I bore our both children and didn 't flinch .
tr	O	Frowning , Thomas lifted the phone to his ear .
tr	I	It obvious was he mourned the loss of Belle .
tr	O	I unscrewed the lid and drank a few gulps of water .
tr	O	That confession from Kent was too damn easy .
tr	O	The wind makes the hem of my dress flutter around my ankles .
tr	O	Burnett 's voice boomed out of her phone into the car .
tr	O	The young man said rubbing the stump of his left arm .
tr	O	My eyes adjusted to the light and I saw Death and myself standing in front of me .
tr	I	You 're lucky to alive be actually .
tr	I	He a had spring in his step .
tr	I	There is no sign of any packs other or our daughter .
tr	O	For as tall as my brother is , he 's weak next to her .
tr	I	He merged his mind with hers quickly , not giving her time to think about it or off tip Lucian that he was joining them .
tr	O	She pointed a finger at Travis .
tr	I	The keys were faded from many years of use before it had over crossed .
tr	O	Maybe if I watched him long enough , his bag would never fill and he would never have to leave .
tr	I	They went off shaking their heads and laughing at how silly women be could .
tr	I	It was to thrilling be immediately accepted as myself .
tr	O	For a long moment , I forgot the others in the room and stared out at the busy New York streets below me .
tr	I	I my opened mouth to respond but then quickly snapped it shut .
tr	O	We 're going to shoulder it together on three .
tr	I	I past stepped her , which I could do easily now because she was headed to the bathroom .
tr	O	Leaves brush my face as I make my way around the outer edge of the room .
tr	I	Chuck his cocked head .
tr	O	I think it is broken .
tr	I	Katherine once returned again to the present and looked around the room .
tr	O	Balthazar 's sharp vampire senses told him that the people walking closer to the door were no more than six or seven in number .
tr	O	A wave of power blew past the teens , stirring their hair .
tr	I	Me leaving inevitable was .
tr	I	My lungs have a spasm I and practically choke .
tr	I	Khloe 's frightened grew eyes ever larger as she tried to get air into her lungs .
tr	I	We drive the through apple orchard .
tr	I	She gave me a very depressing rundown of not who only she had asked but the comments of each .
tr	I	But she disappeared 'd .
tr	I	Chelsea ignored Anne and ground the out next question to him again .
tr	O	You 're not making one tool , but many .
tr	O	As his hands went under her T-shirt , A.J. felt his touch over her skin .
tr	I	I am just returned from the hermit old 's hovel , a half-day 's walk from here , on the hilltop .
tr	I	He appeared both guilty and relieved at the time same .
tr	O	Those words meant something different to Riley than to her , and she didn 't seem about to elaborate .
tr	I	She had to find out was what going on .
tr	I	The door swung open without so much as a creak , and Ink smiled as he across stepped the threshold .
tr	I	His body bent ; his clothes tore ; hair from sprouted every pore .
tr	O	' But the Postman loves the Light . '
tr	I	The way that his needed uncle to try and disguise his meekness disturbed Oleg .
tr	I	She discreetly left the dressing room and wondered I if she thought we were going to get hot and heavy in here .
tr	O	As a matter of fact , I reckon they don 't think I 'm really good at anything .
tr	I	A massive round applause of followed by hoots and hollers and Jonathan had to wait several minutes before he was able to speak again .
tr	O	' Thank God you came when you did , ' I said as I rolled out and clambered to my feet .
tr	I	Nevaeh her nodded head in agreement .
tr	O	Mech City was rid of them at last .
tr	I	I gathered had he learned of his father 's experience at the club , and it had given him a fierce desire to know more .
tr	I	As I stood , her legs clamped down on me , and I bit a back groan .
tr	I	He wanted reassure to her by saying , There 's no hurry , but it would have been a lie .
tr	I	His entire neck left and shoulder ached and he didn 't want to exacerbate the pain .
tr	O	I have no pretensions .
tr	I	But if you are holding anything back , I find 'll out .
tr	I	She only hoped that Colt 's feelings her mirrored own .
tr	O	I 'm going to visit my family .
tr	O	But what other explanation could there be ?
tr	O	He was a holy man and a great man , but no book should end with death .
tr	I	That what 's mattered .
tr	I	However all that talk died down to a respectful silence when the bodies Tarleton of and the two orderlies were discovered under the snow in the quadrangle .
tr	I	The toy issued few a complaining strains and quit .
tr	I	In year the since he 'd left Scotland , he 'd heard from Harriet only once .
tr	I	' I well healed . '
tr	O	He leaned in close and blew away the sawdust that coated his handiwork .
tr	I	I don even 't shiver .
tr	I	And he being 's totally rude .
tr	O	He hesitated at the door .
tr	O	I asked , feeling a little confused .
tr	I	She the breathed words onto his skin .
tr	O	Will wraps his arms around me just as I start to collapse to the floor and cry .
tr	I	I shake my head , my lips together press in horror .
tr	O	Tabitha felt whatever held her wrists slacken and her hands fell freely to her sides .
tr	I	And his voice different sounded from before .
tr	I	Logan sprinted nearly after her .
tr	I	Clearly , he wasn 't talking about helping me die to .
tr	I	An occasional passed breeze by , ruffling through her ponytail .
tr	O	We were back in the field , fighting our way through a dense thicket of thorns and brush , when Juarez stopped .
tr	I	After Michael and Teddy dug a little grave , I wrapped the chicks in old and towels brought them out .
tr	I	His hand that was still on wrist my moved up to grip my arm .
tr	I	Then deafening the boom burst across the phone line .
tr	I	Some men already came running to the Guard when heard they the sweet call of danger .
tr	I	In the where tray the cigarettes are released , you will find a cassette tape .
tr	O	I don 't hate him .
tr	I	I return his with look interest .
tr	I	The hid darkness her distressed face , and the rain mixed with her tears .
tr	I	It had no what idea he wanted .
tr	I	That her made kind of a freak among society women .
tr	O	His dad had taken his sister and mom to Pietro to use to breed .
tr	I	There 's a metal basket hanging on the other side of clip the .
tr	I	I stared him at .
tr	O	Mickey looked at her for a very long time .
tr	O	Do you ever read in the bath ?
tr	I	Does know she how I feel ?
tr	I	Alert at once , looked he up to see someone walking away from him .
tr	I	We will have to up follow on that .
tr	I	Emma was grateful for the cool water and blinked back the that tears suddenly formed in her eyes .
tr	I	I haven 't had a model fall ... in well , not since I first started .
tr	I	Not a out hair of place .
tr	I	His fangs had come out he while 'd been focused elsewhere , but biting her wasn 't the thing that had him panicked .
tr	O	I can see it now as vividly as that first day .
tr	O	He 'd regained his control after being so surprised by her entrance .
tr	I	But the there manager merely confirmed the P.O. box .
tr	O	When I looked back into the mirror Donovan was sitting at the foot of my bed .
tr	I	Her bun , that wanted he to pull her hair free from , and the sultry way her voice caressed each word .
tr	I	But forget we that the Jews as we know them today were only ever one tribe themselves ( the tribe of Judah ) .
tr	I	I shrug hand his off .
tr	O	His face curdled with an emotion somewhere between anger and defiance .
tr	O	He was an ugly brute of a man with a special need to inflict pain and fear on others .
tr	I	The words music were to my ears .
tr	O	They were just trying to get away from the competition .
tr	I	We the bring bitch back , she resets the calendar .
tr	O	She stopped and laughed , her hair full of suds which were also running down her body .
tr	I	I could hear the usual cafeteria background noise students : talking and laughing , trays shifting , and cutlery clinking .
tr	I	I want to tell him that don I 't technically put out .
tr	O	She also believed it was more than Oliver would 've done .
tr	O	I 'll find somewhere suitable .
tr	O	I said no repeatedly but he kept insisting .
tr	O	He stepped back out into the corridor .
tr	I	His heart rate kicked up , realizing they were all alone for night the with nothing to do but enjoy their pretend romantic getaway .
tr	O	Picking up the last check , Grace narrowed her eyes .
tr	O	The engine stopped suddenly and she blinked when he turned around to watch her .
tr	I	I knew might I be treading on sensitive territory , but I didn 't really care .
tr	I	From his breast pocket withdrew he a syringe .
tr	I	I find her standing just at the front of car the , a neutral expression on her face .
tr	I	CHAPTER TEN Linda led the group into the formal dining room that held a massive cherry wood dining table had and twelve chairs around it .
tr	I	It was to wise firm up the ego before such a call .
tr	I	Before completing abode the he 'd already considered improvements and added an extension on the back , built from stone .
tr	I	The word operative being friend .
tr	O	It started with me throwing things , slamming doors , breaking things .
tr	I	I to want do more things with you .
tr	I	I hadn 't eaten or in slept over twenty-four hours and my injury was making me weak .
tr	I	He felt his sense of comprehension and awareness slipping away as the became dendrites clouded over with a milky haze .
tr	O	* * * He could sense the change in her as he reined Casey down the street .
tr	O	He flicks his hand up in a whatever sort of gesture .
tr	O	Let 's leave it at that .
tr	O	Cold and flat , I knew those eyes had seen evil that I couldn 't even imagine .
tr	I	He stood before it , with only one last instruction follow to .
tr	I	We 're having party a to celebrate .
tr	I	It wore a tiny made vest of silk brocade .
tr	O	And Christine was crying again , with a damp knotted handkerchief twisted in her hands .
tr	O	She opened her mouth , then closed it again .
tr	I	' Shall we by stop to see how Timmy 's doing ? '
tr	I	I hadn seen 't her much lately , and I 'd almost forgotten she was working here .
tr	O	I was excited at the possibility of seeing her .
tr	O	You see , she and my dad got a divorce .
tr	O	He grinned savagely at the CIA operative who had orchestrated the double cross .
tr	I	She eased them his from hold .
tr	I	I called , it and was followed by machine gun fire .
tr	I	He 't wasn joking .
tr	O	The house was solidly here , but it meant little .
tr	I	She snapped the shut book in frustration .
tr	O	I 'm going to hide all day .
tr	I	Roar could be ruthless deadly and .
tr	O	This is the same man who had been so nice in the past .
tr	I	She holds her over purse her shoulder and keys in her hand .
tr	O	I can 't - I don 't want to feel like that again .
tr	I	Any ideas if you actually might like him if you think you know who he is ?
tr	I	We gave a him great deal of evidence , but he said it wasn 't enough to take Lou down .
tr	I	We lay there for a few minutes , and I felt him shift me beside .
tr	I	Stepping out of her office , she her made way back into the secretarial lobby and into a wide hallway on the opposite side .
tr	I	Her shoulders slumping , Emma turned away defeat in .
tr	O	For instance , Gatsby was about as far from a traditional dragon as Thomas could imagine .
tr	I	A brisk wind slammed the door with loud a bang .
tr	I	' Will she coming be too ? '
tr	I	His was stomach rumbling so loudly he was worried that it would wake up the pirates slumbering in the houses on the shore .
tr	I	' Um ... ' She on read .
tr	O	A loud buzzer interrupted her , followed by a man 's voice from a speaker hidden somewhere in the room .
tr	O	Since there was little choice he followed Josh in .
tr	O	She stoked her swollen belly and hummed to herself as she stirred .
tr	O	' Henry was just a boy of six . '
tr	O	Cassidy opened her mouth as if to say something , but then she stopped herself .
tr	I	In unison they sprang upon Byron grabbing his arms and legs and dragging to him the ground .
tr	I	Who wouldn 't be at having someone Lucifer like suddenly appearing before you ?
tr	O	It had been a major reason for his attraction to her back in New York .
tr	I	If you make a move on me , I may have no but choice to restrain you . '
tr	I	Many nights , we were awakened by the sound of cellophane rattling wrappers and jaws crunching .
tr	I	The man 'd who charged us marched through the entryway Paul and I had just created in the shed .
tr	O	He was a stocky man with beefy arms and chest , the defined muscles of a man who worked out daily and kept in shape .
tr	O	I gripped Greyson 's hand and turned away .
tr	I	He lifted a hand to her jaw his and gut twisted when he felt how hot her skin was .
tr	I	I can 't apologize , because I only told the truth , I and can 't change the truth into a lie .
tr	O	I need her like I need a heartbeat to keep me alive .
tr	I	She felt bereft when he lifted head his .
tr	I	The girl tossed her thick blonde curls over her slim shoulder wrinkled and her perfect , demure nose .
tr	O	If he could access her eyes , he could aid her from a distance .
tr	I	He 'd just sat down at his when desk his cell phone chirped .
tr	O	He needed her life to be better .
tr	O	he screamed to her closed door .
tr	I	So , she something did very stupid .
tr	O	Or if I wanted a turbine for a hat , he could make me a man-sized airplane .
tr	I	It was all right on inside the , but everyone went there for the huge patio with benches and live outdoor music .
tr	O	Harriet finished the sentence for him .
tr	O	This is why I love Ironside .
tr	I	That was definitely a thing bad .
tr	I	We heard nothing but sound the of falling water and the sound of a howling coyote somewhere in the distance .
tr	I	Why hadn 't he just asked her those same questions in a natural flow conversation of ?
tr	O	By the time he 'd done that he 'd turned into the ice man .
tr	I	My hand fell on thigh his .
tr	I	With this , Bob calmly crossed lawn the to the next house .
tr	O	Two can play that game !
tr	I	Her answer came back fast , a like slap .
tr	O	They gave us no explanation .
tr	O	They squeezed tightly around her arms and legs , pulling her snug against the body of the chair and totally immobilizing her .
tr	O	A certain excitement was stealing over him .
tr	O	Her hand fell to rest over the slight curve .
tr	I	Jake his studied band .
tr	I	This wasn 't plan the .
tr	O	As if they weren 't your family too .
tr	O	I plowed into him , nearly knocking us both over , and he laughed and wrapped his arms around me .
tr	O	Apparently he died of an overdose .
tr	I	Look at the braids two of hair , one black the other red .
tr	O	When he finally looked up once more it wasn 't just the rest of the squad who now looked on at him .
tr	O	This was too rare to rush , too precious to squander even for the ecstasy they were certain to find in each other .
tr	O	Now a normal monsoon from his eyes could at anytime be expected .
tr	I	' What Barber Jenny ?
tr	I	He shrugged it off jumped and in .
tr	I	The way blocked is .
tr	O	Bri had had a crush on Gary Chambers nearly as long as I 'd had one on Jimmy Franklin .
tr	I	We down shot maybe half of them , the rest impacted .
tr	O	It was one my dad had given me after one of his tours about five years ago .
tr	O	Her eyes rolled back in her head as he lowered his head to kiss her with a raw yearning that clenched at her stomach .
tr	O	I 'd always treasure it .
tr	I	I my close eyes and let my head thud against the cold bottom .
tr	O	her mother 's ears perked up as they always did when Lacy mentioned a man .
tr	I	It was an effort future without justification .
tr	O	He promised her the moon .
tr	O	There was a source book on Chinese thought , an anthology of poetry , and a study on recently unearthed Chinese bamboo manuscripts .
tr	I	We 'd been ticking a time bomb , and it had only been a matter of time till it all exploded .
tr	I	Alright , so not the only link , but the only that link made any sense .
tr	I	The room silent fell .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure how long we stood there kissing , exploring each other 's mouths with our tongues .
tr	I	' Surely they 've forgotten been like everyone else 's exercise equipment . '
tr	O	Fierce protector that he was , he 'd consider his own suffering a small price to pay for keeping her safe .
tr	O	As he hid in the rocks and watched the chief prepare to leave his body , another plan occurred to him .
tr	O	She let the thought run through her head .
tr	I	It does not tell why me you ran from me .
tr	O	I didn 't mean to be so forceful , but I felt I had to be .
tr	O	Lara turned to Philip .
tr	O	He added tiny white fairy lights on top of that .
tr	I	It cut him all the to way his battered soul .
tr	O	I kept dreaming he was falling toward me , and if I could just catch him , I could tell everyone he wasn 't dead .
tr	O	Maybe I was stupid to think I meant anything to him .
tr	I	Otherwise , the way Lorena dangled , completely limp , and the way she beginning was to flake away , would have freaked me out .
tr	I	I sucked on his tongue eagerly , enjoying the faint taste of chocolate from the dessert shared we 'd had at the restaurant .
tr	I	Vitale sat at flinching every new assault from the cellar .
tr	O	Hugo gently set Seth on his feet in front of Grandma .
tr	I	He the had audacity to look truly puzzled .
tr	I	She realized instantly that she was a being fool , and with the realization came a sinking sense of sadness .
tr	O	He tried to block out the images , but they rushed in anyway .
tr	I	That what is our father taught us .
tr	O	He fights the wind and slams into two ghouls before making it to his son to lend a helping hand .
tr	I	I sat down on my bed , head my in my hands .
tr	I	The opening credits faded host to John Andre , standing by an alleyway .
tr	O	Knights from surrounding villages will bring their Lords and Ladies .
tr	O	She grabbed his wrist , her fingernails digging into his flesh until he winced .
tr	I	She sipped the beer he 'd gotten her from the fridge they when 'd sat down .
tr	I	Power radiated out of her as she finished regenerating from wounds her .
tr	O	The people are already upset about one murder .
tr	I	They walked town through .
tr	I	He yanked away me from the teasing , gentle caresses and cupped my face in his palm , lowering his lips toward mine .
tr	I	I do hope you 'll use often them . '
tr	O	Bax knelt to examine a piece of one of the crates .
tr	I	She for cooks me !
tr	O	' The only problem is , ' grunted one , ' the old woman was moved two hours ago . '
tr	O	Jimmy grabbed an equally large pile and led her out the door .
tr	I	Imagine how he happy 's going to be when he finds out .
tr	I	I pouted at him picked and up a pillow .
tr	O	James slammed his lips against hers .
tr	I	I 'll somethin do .
tr	I	Her was heart going to burst , but she hung on .
tr	O	After picking our way down the slope , we entered the town .
tr	O	He 's become a cult icon of the unsolved mystery .
tr	I	Vimes continued to stare at the imp , which embarrassed looked .
tr	O	Money doesn 't make people happy .
tr	O	' Just hurry up and get washed .
tr	O	I brush her hair over her shoulder again , not for the sake of the picture , but because I 've really been wanting to do that .
tr	I	The girl in stall the was watching this and look puzzled .
tr	I	With a series of plops and gurgles , the vanished sprites into the water .
tr	O	He had a daughter that had just graduated NYU and he would train her for my position .
tr	O	Let them get over what happened at Thanksgiving .
tr	O	It would be so easy .
tr	I	The writing was child-like , the anything contents but .
tr	I	He to gestured the passenger side door .
tr	I	She also had another reason for her reluctance , and her was mind drawn to her coin .
tr	O	The mustiness here was of old books and museum exhibits .
tr	O	Love , he thought , it was more binding than blood .
tr	O	Zack , noticing this , decided to admire it loudly too and continue her discomfort .
tr	O	The man from the deserted street must have followed us here .
tr	I	Isaac let his breath in escape a hiss .
tr	I	She was connected too to him .
tr	O	Somehow it didn 't seem like the same van he had peered in to yesterday .
tr	I	A quivering smile curved her lips even as started she again to cry .
tr	O	He lets go of my hand .
tr	I	She tore her lips away before combusted she and it was too late to vent her reservations .
tr	I	They helped him take care of his needs , and left , leaving the nurse to Mac scold .
tr	O	Some people would say the odds are in favour . '
tr	O	If she wanted to leave me , could I let her go ?
tr	O	Sergio sighed and pulled me into his arms .
tr	O	I also planned for you to burn my house down , and I tricked you into killing my mother .
tr	O	And sober , he 's a good man .
tr	I	The lashed truth out .
tr	O	As soon as they were safe inside the great room again , he opened the letter .
tr	O	There was always that time where they were all ready to go and needed to go the bathroom .
tr	I	Yet the when rain eased and the moon rose high , his female 's scent became undeniable .
tr	O	Mrs. White is more treacherous than you can guess .
tr	I	I screwed the caps back on the polish bottles and put on them her desk as she inspected my work .
tr	O	The house where Jayne waited for him , obviously wide-awake if the bright windows were anything to judge by .
tr	I	Indeed their stores had no need any of guard , for all the land was desolate and empty .
tr	O	Chelsea wasn 't here .
tr	O	Everything was going smoothly , and exactly as planned , when a knock came at the door .
tr	I	I smiled at his praise , and his gaze to flicked my lips .
tr	I	His replies were curt , at but least he replied .
tr	I	Airport chairs were not conducive sleeping to .
tr	O	Scribner took a firm grasp of the case .
tr	O	Fifteen minutes after Jeff and Sarah arrived , the elevator dinged again .
tr	I	Jonathan looked dumbstruck for a second , staring at his as hand if expecting it to confess something to him .
tr	O	I 'd fought with Kristina .
tr	I	He nodded , though as he agreed .
tr	I	I pressed my lips against hers and her kissed passionately .
tr	O	Only ... Keith was firing his weapon .
tr	I	' No wonder we didn see 't it . '
tr	I	He 's had his picture and stolen damaged , and his manservant killed .
tr	I	Witnessing Mal in his own was element truly a sight to behold .
tr	O	I can feel it .
tr	I	We just left the hospice and there been had no time to change .
tr	O	It 's complicated and there 's a lot to get through , so listen up , or you 'll miss something .
tr	I	He to struggled find a nice medium .
tr	O	He grinned at her , wiggling his eyebrows comically .
tr	I	I was officially eighteen old years .
tr	O	Bree 's pursuer hadn 't been caught .
tr	I	For the space of one heartbeat , Bo glanced at back me , regret showing clearly in his eyes .
tr	O	I closed my eyes and pictured it .
tr	I	Kage , my life is when imperfect you aren 't there to laugh at it with me .
tr	O	He didn 't look amused , and I tried not to roll my eyes .
tr	O	The noise was overwhelming .
tr	O	Not that I am that much older but I certainly am not green !
tr	I	He had been in situation this before .
tr	O	He swung me up over his shoulders while I kicked and screamed .
tr	I	She pulled up and the door flung open and she slid part way out of the car with Ryan still top on of her .
tr	I	Luca stirred them behind and leaned forward to listen .
tr	O	Breezy ripples riding the surface .
tr	I	' If mean you it 's harsh , then I don 't think so .
tr	I	They waited four days for favorable winds to arrive , and then set sail for Francisco San .
tr	I	I 'm to going save her .
tr	I	Much to my despair holder the was empty .
tr	O	After we 'd picked up my car and brought it back , Gabriel took great pleasure in giving me the grand tour of his place .
tr	O	Terri drove on a Saturday morning through the heavily forested highways with nothing but miles of wilderness and seclusion to surround her .
tr	I	It suddenly sense made .
tr	I	Heavy curtains hung on the windows in the room to the ; right thick wool rugs decorated the floors .
tr	I	But the alpha was truly unique as had it adapted .
tr	I	Then the children arrived and her attention became on focused them .
tr	I	If were it within radar range , the transponder would flag the echo a different color on Teleport 's radar .
tr	I	So I thought if I approached him , he 'd leave and could I resume faking my good time .
tr	I	The was letter brief .
tr	I	He stretched as he got out of the car , gave a small yawn , and headed then toward the factory entrance .
tr	I	I feel Brax put arm his around my shoulders , holding me close .
tr	I	Without thinking Nikki leaned forward , parted lips .
tr	I	He has killed one man and two shot others !
tr	I	Is it of because the fans ?
tr	I	She flashed a 's model smile , brilliant and confident , but he knew she was , at that moment , a scared little girl from Georgia .
tr	O	A moment later his eyes rounded and he jerked his gaze back to her .
tr	O	She narrowed her eyes at Mom .
tr	O	We slowed our pace and began a thorough search as we moved along .
tr	I	And was he meant to feel proud ?
tr	O	How would they find her out in these woods ?
tr	I	' Depends the on company .
tr	I	* * I * was standing at the edge of the Green Fae village , again , watching them go about their daily business .
tr	O	His strong arms wrap around me , pulling me closer to him .
tr	O	echoed through the room .
tr	I	He puffed on his cigar , then it realized was dead .
tr	O	Anne was starting to stir , and a rosy glow peeked over the treetops along the highway .
tr	I	How did he end up with an in infection a hospital ?
tr	I	Perhaps it the was company that he found so stifling .
tr	I	Her was hair longer .
tr	O	The worth of diamond is a cultural benchmark of utility .
tr	I	She thought 'd it .
tr	I	The enemy had be to neutralized .
tr	O	Ashe was picking at green beans while he listened to his mother make conversation .
tr	O	He walked through the trees , and then up close to the foundations and along the stones , searching for the doors he remembered .
tr	I	He spoke slowly distinctly and , his fingers flexing against each other .
tr	I	All he wanted was see to his little girl .
tr	O	There is a possibility he knew I would not do this .
tr	O	Soon light filled that room as well .
tr	I	There is not only Eileen , John and all family his , what of Peter once he finds out .
tr	I	What else could more be interesting ?
tr	I	He jumped down the without steps further elaboration .
tr	O	If a ship became damaged , for whatever reason , they could literally produce a new piece to replace the damaged one .
tr	O	Something inside Lillian relaxed a little .
tr	O	A fat lady was selling ice-cream to young children .
tr	O	Sometimes he 's talking to clients , doing his owner slash manager thing .
tr	I	Night Time Waking 3 is a.m. when I do all my best thinking .
tr	O	She could not make a move on him until that question was answered .
tr	O	The scent , yes , catch the scent , my dear , my darling newborn woman , and closing his eyes , he staggered backwards .
tr	I	Mom shook her head and said , I called the police and got Jane out as as soon I could .
tr	I	My answer shrill was .
tr	I	It had to be taken as it was , or it passed by a without second glance .
tr	I	Would you and your wife to like take another way home ? '
tr	O	This cannot stop them .
tr	O	Along with the substantive changes , formatting changes would show up , as well as any comments or questions posed by the reviewer .
tr	O	I don 't know the answer , but I know when he hit the shield , it cracked .
tr	O	He gestured out the window , toward the sky and the trees .
tr	O	Mrs. Jenkins was a quiet woman .
tr	O	I can 't even think about it , let alone ask the question .
tr	O	Hey , it was a nice little runaway kid she needed , Killer said .
tr	O	Mr Briggs had already left .
tr	O	She was the one who would be alone .
tr	I	I hope Sergei doesn 't notice the uncontrollable shaking as we along bounce .
tr	O	It made not the slightest difference .
tr	O	It was the Dungeon skeleton key .
tr	I	Besides , there was something I wanted to try out - just to see if it actually 'd work .
tr	I	If her mom knew about Troy 's friends , it would her freak out .
tr	I	Dad didn 't mind the music so much but hated Tom 's thing with rock his band and never allowed them to practice at our house .
tr	O	Thank heavens for the Tribe 's magic protecting me from Mortimer 's emotional dissection .
tr	O	The words ripped through me like a white hot knife .
tr	O	In Florida , it was always warm .
tr	O	My heart thrashes , excited , nervous , terrified .
tr	I	I only 'm wondering why you have me here ? '
tr	O	I touched him again and he only jolted for a moment , then returned to slow motion .
tr	O	It was okay to trust people , even if they didn 't always live up to that trust .
tr	O	We could hide out and wait until most of them are gone .
tr	I	He bit into salmon the and expressed approval .
tr	I	It was truth the .
tr	I	SAY THE WORD AND FEW A OF US WILL BRING THE PARTY TO YOU .
tr	O	I checked the time in my wristwatch .
tr	I	She was supposed to be keeping her distance , but she could feel 's Miranda need .
tr	I	Harry noticed the trail of blood in the snow and followed it to leg his .
tr	I	But the streaming power remained elusive , perhaps even dormant , not bad a thing in his opinion .
tr	I	My body to responded him with the rush of emotions going through me .
tr	O	To his left was an open area with a wooden counter where purchases might be made , although he saw no cash box or clerk in attendance .
tr	O	The rover heater is designed to heat air at 1 atmosphere .
tr	I	Every day , mused she that she shouldn 't have left that vampire to suffer - she should have killed him .
tr	I	Avril grabbed hand my again .
tr	O	Despite his words of warning and protest , Roman desperately wanted to kiss those lips one last time .
tr	I	We 're going try to to ride this out .
tr	O	She wished she could blame it on the alcohol , but she 'd barely had anything to drink .
tr	O	Eric wiped his mouth .
tr	I	It a was great reverse .
tr	I	I to continue climb down .
tr	I	Sarah 's eyes narrowed as she noted contented the smile on Agatha 's pale face .
tr	O	Gatsby proceeded to tell his life story .
tr	I	Billie felt a chill down run her spine .
tr	I	It was Bones 's fourth day in the city another when murder was discovered .
tr	O	We weren 't even allowed to build churches .
tr	O	A large crystal candelabra that held 82 candles , dangled from the ceiling in the foyer near the entrance .
tr	O	How crap was that ?
tr	I	It had different been once , in some cases only a few decades ago .
tr	O	They ignored that oh so not helpful comment .
tr	I	Not that any of this was concern his anymore .
tr	O	The door had been heavy , solid .
tr	O	She tells the man to stay by the car , and she approaches the wide gate and discovers that it too is wired .
tr	O	Somewhere , the breeze whistled through a fissure in the wall .
tr	O	It was barely moments before the door opened .
tr	I	He wiped his mouth the with back of his hand .
tr	I	I couldn 't make out shape the .
tr	I	HQ supposed is to have our back .
tr	O	Just as we heard the first rounds explode out of the barrel of his MP5 , the door clicked closed and we heard nothing but silence again .
tr	I	He didn 't know what she would decide about of all this .
tr	O	The truth was she didn 't want Mr Prior to think his irritating sales talk had anything to do with their decision .
tr	O	She supposed that was ridiculous after the night they 'd spent together .
tr	I	He down leaned , eyes staying with mine until a second after his lips touched mine .
tr	O	Pain had recognized it for what it was - a brother in evil .
tr	O	She revealed it to me that she had done a long stint with an NGO in rural areas as part of her management studies .
tr	O	If he 'd been alone , he would have appeared as a statue to those powerful enough to see him , but invisible to most .
tr	O	I opened my eyes .
tr	I	Nomi looked at council the puzzled unsure what to do .
tr	I	In the past , he would been have put to the stakes , and none would have intervened on his behalf .
tr	O	His voice shook the windows and the humans , but he didn 't care .
tr	O	But she couldn 't .
tr	O	With a sigh , he pressed his palms into his bloodshot eyes .
tr	O	You 've got to help yourself , because there 's nobody else to do it .
tr	I	Firemen who stood firm with their hoses while radiation burned away futures their .
tr	O	She 's killing herself trying to take care of you .
tr	O	Another old lady suddenly appeared at her side .
tr	O	Emerson took a threatening step forward .
tr	I	The more I am near him , more the I want to be near him .
tr	I	All vampires were strong , but queens were reputed to be the strongest them of all .
tr	I	His bottom lip , from wet the wine , drew her attention .
tr	O	A big man with frizzy hair was sitting at the mixing board , which looked more complicated than the inside of the Space Shuttle .
tr	O	He 'd just left her outside .
tr	I	He as looked though he wished to speak to his son but wanted to avoid confrontation .
tr	O	She hadn 't known Jace was her mate then , but something in Deni had made her attack Broderick , to fight alongside Jace and protect him .
tr	I	I on rambled about killing my true love 's brother .
tr	I	Running his down chin .
tr	I	Her momentum disappeared as she sunk into the net and dropped to the ground , where lost she consciousness .
tr	I	Oh , God , how could she ever stand to watch him leave and know that 'd she never see him again ?
tr	I	When he 'd rescued her from the police station , he 'd she thought was the one who 'd needed to let down her walls .
tr	I	Vin let out a relieved breath , back settling into her seat .
tr	O	Davis and Glen took off .
tr	I	Her tiny butt swayed back and forth , causing him to hard swallow .
tr	O	The air in the basement was stuffy , and I gulped at it like it was water .
tr	I	I 'm not sure if he 's this doing to save his macho rep , or to buy himself some time .
tr	O	' And a bowl of porridge or packet of biscuits wouldn 't go amiss either , ' Kathleen said .
tr	O	I couldn 't help it -- for some reason , having him around made everything feel okay -- safe .
tr	O	He looked absolutely free unthinking and utterly irresponsible .
tr	I	She stole a look up at me , her sky blue eyes studying with me curiosity .
tr	I	I as said Jude steered me around the side of it .
tr	I	But Oakes wanted her believe to in some willing debasement .
tr	I	Why didn 't show he tonight ?
tr	I	It happened gradually ; he 'd call to talk to kids the , and they 'd visit for a few minutes before she handed off the phone .
tr	I	The thought of Steve makes me want to punch myself in the gut , making that sure I suffer the worse than he did .
tr	I	On my way back to the elevator , I ran into Bob Harris one of the residents with whom had I been friendly .
tr	O	It 'll do him good to know we made a huge exception to get that infection out of him .
tr	I	I walked up and down ravine the .
tr	I	So many people described a sense of homecoming when they entered house a of God .
tr	I	There was a sign of some sort lying facedown inside window the .
tr	O	The theater belonged to him , and he 'd been quick enough to close it down , despite the town council 's efforts to convince him otherwise .
tr	O	She grinned as she heard his tread behind her but didn 't look back .
tr	O	They were escorted across an elegant mirrored hall and Ogg was taking a silk evening shawl from her shoulders .
tr	O	There was a hush following those words .
tr	I	She continued to stare out window the .
tr	O	She pondered as she glanced around .
tr	I	I walked over to get my jacket and flung it around shoulders my .
tr	I	I 've just my changed mind .
tr	O	Them folks is all crazy down there .
tr	O	I entered the stall and pulled back the top of the toilet .
tr	I	After the counselling I saw mother my controlling the tears that were about to flow .
tr	O	The U-Haul was found here four hours ago .
tr	I	Apart from the releasing detainees , I want the warden 's weapons and ammunition .
tr	O	' Sometimes , yes , sometimes we 'd meet up here and more often than not drive out to various hotels . '
tr	I	Her doctor had confirmed that she 't wasn pregnant .
tr	O	When he saw I was waiting , he looked stricken , and hurried up to the car .
tr	I	As the servants disappeared from the room , we also took our seats and began enjoying the wondrous delights us before .
tr	I	It has been twenty minutes at least since foghorn the blew .
tr	O	He stood up and took both of my hands in his own .
tr	I	He in crouched the back of the elevator as the light grew so bright through his closed eyelids that it was like staring directly into the sun .
tr	I	The musty smell of damp heat , the taste of so it heavy it fills your mouth , wraps around you like an old wool blanket .
tr	O	I do have confidence in him Tom .
tr	I	All of them were looking me at expectantly , and I took a step back .
tr	O	Servants lead my mother across the room to the prince 's table .
tr	I	A beam of light flashed into the basement , falling on the where spot she had been standing only seconds before .
tr	O	22 I 'm in an endless area surrounded by bright white light all around me .
tr	O	Now he had to erase her memory of him before she woke and remembered her dream .
tr	I	Dale quiet was for a moment .
tr	I	And like I the pink .
tr	I	Elizabeth gritted her teeth in for preparation pain that never came .
tr	O	I held her jaw and pulled her close to me .
tr	O	Kali tapped a pen thoughtfully against the desk .
tr	O	He could remember his father .
tr	I	I 'd brought some things that I hoped would help with the Thorn Land drought 's and famine .
tr	I	It proved easier they than 'd expected , as the other vines appeared unresponsive , perhaps asleep .
tr	I	He couldn have 't said what I thought he had .
tr	O	Having cleaned the unit earlier that day , I knew it hadn 't been there before .
tr	O	They hold her out towards me , inviting me to try her on .
tr	O	God , I hated bugs .
tr	O	More droplets showered the clouds , falling like rain to dot the white landscape in red .
tr	I	The man had it lost .
tr	O	It felt as if someone traced a feather across my skin .
tr	I	He trained was by him .
tr	O	Leah 's claws appear when she 's asleep .
tr	I	After Ruby left felt he elated .
tr	I	Nat now within yards of him shouted , ' You take her in ; I 'll get the creature bloody . '
tr	O	Running his fingers along the envelope , he decided not to open the letter yet .
tr	I	We have a very refined termination that program does not draw attention from any authorities in any country .
tr	O	Drying her hands and face , she went back out to join Lukas .
tr	O	I call out nervously .
tr	I	136 ° afternoon F. .
tr	I	He was so weird but she couldn 't happier be that he was .
tr	O	' Then hadn 't we wait until our army has grown stronger , and our numbers greater ? '
tr	I	Something me told I needed to keep my wits about me .
tr	I	Clary stared just at him , wordless .
tr	O	He shouted , throwing it into Mike 's face .
tr	I	They 'd smothered him love with and affection for only two weeks .
tr	O	I 'll be the one doing the talking today .
tr	I	The faint glow of candlelight seeping between the canvas and ground told Royce both women still were awake .
tr	I	You 'll need me to for care you .
tr	I	A shiver shook me , making me step back , but the counter behind was me .
tr	O	Brielle was barely able to get that one word through her throat .
tr	I	Perhaps the two of them one could day be friends .
tr	O	Marjorie agreed meekly to another cup of tea and perhaps a little taste of fruit cake .
tr	I	Sam asked , the corners of his lips down turned .
tr	O	We had better start negotiating .
tr	O	Actually , Nina was one of the nurses at the hospital when Angela died .
tr	O	Keller had meant that she and Galen could study the scrolls separately that night .
tr	I	I gave satisfaction no for her curiosity till she was out of patience .
tr	O	Like the butterfly clips she wore .
tr	I	You are forbidden write to -- to hold a pen ; yet one word from you , dear Victoria , is necessary to calm our apprehensions .
tr	I	And something about where he didn was 't seem right .
tr	O	You promised to give me a few minutes .
tr	O	He pointed past Ward , at the blankets on the seat .
tr	I	She couldn 't believe anyone would deteriorate so in much so short a time , especially someone as strong and healthy as her own father .
tr	I	He lay there , soaking in her nearness , savoring these precious few hours .
tr	I	A man in long black robes sat in one the of chairs sipping from one .
tr	I	His arrives father for a visit tomorrow .
tr	O	The others must not attempt to escape .
tr	I	He into glared my eyes .
tr	I	A sense of responsibility over came Will as the brothers set foot on the river bank .
tr	I	But I will say this : your talent is beyond belief everyone and knows it .
tr	O	We went to two digs with her last summer and back again to the second one just two months ago for spring break .
tr	I	You 're waiting in car the .
tr	I	Antonietta couldn see 't Byron , but as always , the sound of his voice intrigued her .
tr	I	The last thing you 'd want do to would be to have a party . '
tr	O	But after he 'd gone so long without the words passing his lips , I didn 't want to be the one to break the silence .
tr	O	The coffin was hoisted and slid into what felt like another vehicle .
tr	I	Winkler wasn willing 't to let the conversation between us die .
tr	I	I my let thumb move along her cheek , caressing her soft skin as it went .
tr	I	You don 't have marry to me ! ' '
tr	O	No evidence , only his intuition .
tr	O	Something was drawing me in that direction and I have to admit I knew what it was .
tr	I	Or at as least happy as they can be .
tr	O	Daniel removed the last of the screws holding the slatted grille from the vent and prised the panel away .
tr	O	Could my Teagan Lake be in a parallel universe ?
tr	I	Paul continued laying out the protocols and procedures operational that the black ops reincarnation of Field Ops would follow .
tr	O	But he shook his head and looked pointedly at her .
tr	I	A piece of falls hair into her eyes , and I am brushing it back before she even notices it .
tr	O	Tavi had no time to think about defenses or lessons .
tr	I	The wing new housed the Coronary Care Unit .
tr	O	She 's a very odd character .
tr	O	One had even lived in my iPod before it was broken , and Machina had used it to communicate with me even within the borders of Arcadia .
tr	I	It is good so to see him happy .
tr	O	Gah , but it was a most unpleasant thought .
tr	O	They had no choice but to obey orders .
tr	O	He felt his blood chill as he realized the awesomeness of what had happened .
tr	O	Other faces had appeared in the doors of the huts around the village square .
tr	I	She was dressed again , as was he , but he 'd placed a healing sleep after 'd he loved her .
tr	O	She 's trembling when we 're done , limp in my arms as I hold her .
tr	O	She shifted her weight on the right foot and looked up at him .
tr	O	And I wanted more orgasms .
tr	O	Fire me at the time you need me most , when you 're making a fool of yourself in front of a nun , of all things .
tr	O	Mom had to wait at the courthouse for an official copy of the document to keep in her possession should she ever need to call the police .
tr	I	He was you hurting during training , wasn 't he ?
tr	I	While she was furtively gazing down Oxford Street , crowds of drunken revellers were passing : by mainly students from the local university .
tr	I	Kelly would love to be that confident and in all control of the time .
tr	O	His head tilts to the side very slightly , as if he is considering something .
tr	O	And he never even came close to saying that he loved me , too .
tr	O	Blades trembled an inch away from throat and torso .
tr	I	He was a guy good .
tr	O	Maureen swore her daughter talked nonstop for another five minutes , mentioning in detail everything she 'd learned until she was nearly panting .
tr	O	He fought the urge to give voice to his own pain as the silver burned deeper into his skin .
tr	O	His body had finally closed for the night even when his apprehension refused to rest .
tr	O	Unfortunately , that would prevent us from giving you a job with staff who are obliged to meet the same rules as everyone else in the IOF .
tr	O	Clary turned back to the Queen , who was watching her with an expectant gaze .
tr	I	she inquired while releasing her on grip the ball .
tr	I	he said to then me .
tr	I	She walked him to the front door , but stopped him before he could it open .
tr	O	We were full of cunning ideas for revenge but Casino wanted to let it go , to move on .
tr	I	I hit him in the chest as hard as I can and keep walking barefoot on cracked the asphalt road .
tr	O	Sloane grinned , laughter bubbling forth again .
tr	I	Twenty-Five Amanda first realized something was wrong when she was four blocks from 's Nigel flat .
tr	I	Would it have been better if I left 'd you there to die ?
tr	O	They entered a building called The Dungeon , which was across the street from Heavenly Bodies .
tr	O	I should have known .
tr	I	She and Alonzo were either in their or cabin on shore .
tr	O	All the while , I could see their salivating fangs , wondering how to exploit the situation .
tr	O	Perhaps it isn 't even possible after what Snow did to him .
tr	O	His white dress shirt was plastered against his skin , the water making it almost translucent .
tr	I	Dragons , larger than the on ones her forearms , clearly branded on her flesh .
tr	I	The pain of his mark with along the pleasure of his cum filled her .
tr	I	He heard threaten him guard .
tr	I	It was such an oddly thing wonderful .
tr	I	Oh , no , you had to leap to the possible worst assumption .
tr	I	Forget or firemen Chippendales ; there should be a sexy IT guy calendar .
tr	O	He had finally exposed a sufficient edge so that his fingernails might gain purchase .
tr	O	Aubrey deserved better than that .
tr	O	His murmured words had her heart beating even faster against his thumbs .
tr	I	He glanced over at her with curt a nod .
tr	I	Caution prevails and I decide to use the south stairs , then double back through the lower hall to approach the tower north from that side .
tr	O	When he didn 't move fast enough , the other man raised his hand .
tr	O	The table should have looked too big for an intimate gathering of two .
tr	I	Her reasons were logical completely - and , of course , I 'd done the same thing .
tr	I	He blow 'd his top .
tr	O	She put all but one in her skirt pocket and moved toward the door .
tr	I	And he given 'd it up for me ?
tr	I	He smiles ahead straight .
tr	I	As the priest put it at her funeral , she had evidently gone over and above the call duty of on this earth .
tr	I	She felt like a child pointing a at finger a playmate .
tr	I	Maria 's eyes questioning were .
tr	I	Lorcan at stared his advisor .
tr	I	Neil worked his way to the back of the estate and let himself the in kitchen .
tr	I	He shook his head and rolled eyes his .
tr	O	She needed to get out more ; that much was clear .
tr	I	The second guard was also hit at a relatively short range and down went .
tr	I	And that 't wasn me .
tr	O	Jazz pushed back from Willa after a few moments .
tr	O	Then she spent so much time searching for a suitable tea set for her .
tr	O	The unpainted nail plate remained intact with no blood pooling beneath it .
tr	O	No one knew what was happening .
tr	I	This allowed every odor to roam free in the air , corrupt with it its toxic scent .
tr	O	The combat felt different from how he had expected .
tr	I	He quickly back glanced at his watch and tried to bow out of the conversation once more .
tr	O	It did not take long for the exhausted mouse babies to fall asleep .
tr	O	And why did you take him ? '
tr	O	They grabbed her , and even though she had a death grip on the cold metal cell bars , she was too weak to resist .
tr	O	It 's just that not many people move here .
tr	I	Chapter 18 Jamie and I out walked side by side to find the rest of the pack scattered around the lawn .
tr	I	This one-page course description is the closest thing we have to an explanation of why travel to other actually worlds works .
tr	I	' Look , you if don 't want to sing -- ' Too late Calvin began strumming chords before nervousness got the better of him .
tr	I	It Jason was Rosser , Eve 's crazy-ass brother .
tr	I	Hanna took a deep breath , stood back up , and into reached her pocket for her BlackBerry .
tr	I	Then a military truck up rolled .
tr	O	Where was the open , frank ' look ?
tr	I	My troubles own started once it did .
tr	I	But really , I just 'm tired .
tr	O	My dreams never let me get past this point and get to the good stuff .
tr	I	Angelica was shocked as she turned in his arms , the forcing vision to disappear .
tr	O	She was right the two of them had not spoken a word to each other not even in class since that morning last week .
tr	I	The man glanced down made and a face .
tr	I	I told her I didn 't care , but she assured me would I care one day .
tr	I	Her family there was , and her friends .
tr	I	Neal 's eyes laughing were with her .
tr	O	He nodded and continued to wipe at the blood on Ty 's shaky hand .
tr	O	They were about to find out .
tr	I	My mom had an identical twin sister and they could pass messages mental back and forth without saying a word .
tr	O	The boy looked up , fudge crumbs around his mouth .
tr	I	she asked , almost frustrated as took we our seats at our usual table .
tr	O	Gene Harold was one of five men sitting at the round wooden table with her .
tr	O	No one knew that better than John .
tr	I	Some of the croaks were massive like belches , others almost musical , others fierce and threatening .
tr	I	To have Danika to is damn her soul .
tr	I	Pat 't doesn look convinced that Jolie 's brought up anything of relevance .
tr	I	If ever they woke up .
tr	I	She gazed at him as he held hand his out to her .
tr	O	He put on his dark glasses and watched the bike disappear .
tr	O	On one side of the wall surrounding the courtyard , a water cave stood like a large recessed fountain .
tr	O	Drew pulled out his phone .
tr	O	He mimed ripping someone in half , then got an odd expression on his face .
tr	I	You 'll see the problems in the and disks the reports .
tr	O	She wrote the haiku she 'd planned for the old couple , changing the words slightly .
tr	I	He dodged assault her , but barely .
tr	O	Instead , he just wrapped his arms around me and lay the side of his face against my face .
tr	I	To get things back control under .
tr	O	In any case , after eighteen years it would be difficult to establish the details , and the details were everything .
tr	O	The chirping sounds that reach our ears seem like a tonic to her .
tr	I	According to the hit man Nikolai had interrogated , they only had the one strip club and apparently not enough money or to taste redecorate .
tr	I	I step over all of the left debris by the broken down droids .
tr	I	Your job is just coat to the tips .
tr	I	Karen didn 't like the direction this taking was .
tr	I	In fact , was he sexier than she remembered .
tr	O	Ann scrubs her face .
tr	I	A small and sputter the machine roars to life .
tr	O	Yet the thrill faded as quickly as it had surged .
tr	O	His next sentence kind of did .
tr	I	It would be probably better if you were out of sight for a bit .
tr	I	The heavy leaning on the door seemed restless whilst Silver gave some it thought .
tr	I	Devine answered once at .
tr	I	Chapter 9 - Acceptance Laura walked out to Alice 's and cottage found two happy but tired kids .
tr	I	She 'd found the perfect one , this what baby was , in her father 's mother tongue .
tr	O	He led me to the front hall and and said goodbye .
tr	I	Franco the judge had added his own greatest hits , a few sluggish runs through and around and linemen linebackers even slower than himself .
tr	I	After visiting the graveyard , decided Travis to go the house .
tr	I	I went over , opened the container , and pulled out several of biscuits the .
tr	I	And I 've seen what you can do when you your set mind to it .
tr	I	Kim shakes head her .
tr	I	My mouth open dropped .
tr	I	Instead forced I a smile , then turned to leave .
tr	O	He stole it all away from me .
tr	O	He made himself comfortable against the wall and smirked .
tr	O	Very strong for one so young , he thought .
tr	I	It was a striking cover , done in blue and black , with a man and woman under embracing a full moon .
tr	I	Charlie greeted soberly her .
tr	O	George nodded again , his chicken nugget following him .
tr	I	My eyes adjusted to the dim light , and I called out Hello more several times before I rounded the corner and stepped through the doorway .
tr	I	Heavy and sounding metal .
tr	I	Sara watched mesmerized the as flames danced wildly near the marshmallow on her stick .
tr	I	My head tips back against the pillow as I work catch to my breath .
tr	I	That someone had turned out be to Ellen .
tr	I	The man up looked at me .
tr	I	In weeks the and months that followed , his mind played crazy tricks on him .
tr	I	At same the time , he couldn 't breathe with wanting it .
tr	O	I figured if they hadn 't shot at this point , they wouldn 't .
tr	I	I AM ASKING YOU FOR TO HELP HER .
tr	O	Daniel turned slowly and smiled at her as he did .
tr	O	Cade gave a start , as if to move between the caster and Elaina .
tr	O	But a few moments later , the older envoy finally appeared over the side , dripping water from the sodden lower half of his robes .
tr	O	I know you 're dreaming of me , Leah .
tr	I	She to tried cover herself .
tr	O	I looked at the narrow hand to the back .
tr	O	They both kept looking at me , worry on Ethan 's face , interest and curiosity on Ryder 's .
tr	I	There was no anger in this , and no hatred , but love a that seemed to go on and on forever .
tr	O	Honestly , I 'm a little jealous .
tr	I	Although the warmth was only slight , Simon Eady was fully aware it of and decided he was not getting out of bed .
tr	I	When the finished kids they went into the family room to watch television , while the adults stayed around and talked .
tr	I	The first Graham night had met her , at Coolers , she 'd worn her hair in a softer style , with wisps curling around her forehead .
tr	O	Biting my lip , I tore away from him .
tr	O	Damien was walking toward me and he wasn 't alone .
tr	O	Car doors closed as he went past and opened again when the danger was gone .
tr	O	We 're side by side on our backs , squinting up at the sun .
tr	I	How he had sensed her presence ?
tr	O	They brought you here in an ambulance and were able to resuscitate you after about forty minutes .
tr	I	Noticing that the fire has begun to flicker , Jacque adds wood more .
tr	I	Lorraine had made all the with arrangements the university .
tr	O	Although his CO hadn 't said it , Riley had the impression his promotion might well hang in the balance .
tr	O	I have to hope the baby doesn 't get too big before the show 's finished .
tr	I	She laughed and held hands her up .
tr	I	This was it for us , and when I looked on back this day I would always have regrets .
tr	O	They say it never forgets .
tr	O	Joshua tried switching on his wrist light ; it was dark and he thought he saw something crouched against a nearby tree .
tr	I	Emily hugged herself ; she getting was cold , too .
tr	I	' Not really , ' Red replied .
tr	O	If anything , it made him kiss me even harder the next time .
tr	I	And small another piece of my defenses crumbles on the spot .
tr	I	He me bought that Tiffany necklace .
tr	O	Plot synopsis When a strange young man 's ( Paul Reubens ) bicycle is stolen , he embarks on a cross-country adventure to track it down .
tr	O	' It can 't be , ' Lola said .
tr	I	We finished our cleaning wounds , then lay back and relaxed .
tr	I	It 't couldn be true .
tr	I	That , knew she how to do .
tr	I	And I don 't know if you 've ever seen one of our games , but when the Ducks here are , it 's pure entertainment .
tr	I	The where place the infection first began .
tr	O	- What a beautiful you are today too !
tr	O	she said to Mrs. Moore .
tr	I	The old Danny had dodged of offers comfort over his parents ' split , seeking escape in her body rather than in her arms .
tr	I	Maybe I could use it to sense bad the guys .
tr	O	Which means he was an ass .
tr	O	The guys cleared the table , and I made my way down the hall to what had been Chance 's room .
tr	I	I said , wondering if that out came right .
tr	O	He was going to pick me .
tr	O	The old lady changed her will after Cynthia died .
tr	O	But you make them all so much worse .
tr	O	She put a protective arm around her grandmother , and led her away .
tr	I	Taylor was to glad be on his way .
tr	O	She didn 't know the meaning of the word .
tr	I	Geoff took a glass in hand his and sipped .
tr	O	With that in mind , she flattened her palm on his chest and pushed .
tr	O	My entire body is sore , aching in places I didn 't even know I had .
tr	I	He remembered ruefully the shit storm he 'd had when he 'd announced to CO his his intention to marry Gema .
tr	I	The noise from the party drifted into silence the around them and a dog barked in the night somewhere .
tr	I	Eben across looked at his two friends .
tr	O	She said to him sharply .
tr	I	My fingers tightened around handle the .
tr	O	The words didn 't mean anything .
tr	O	Let me help you .
tr	O	Davila waited for a few moments before saying , ' Okay , now to continue .
tr	I	Colton almost told her Alistair was dead , but 't didn think it was wise to correct her .
tr	I	Josh nodded and a gave half-smile .
tr	I	Remember , did you not see the battle .
tr	O	The boy nodded , summoned his mount , bid them both a fond farewell , and raced back to the keep to make his preparations for departure .
tr	O	Sasha was sure he 'd bear the brunt of the jurist 's displeasure at not succeeding in his efforts to screw over Noah 's client .
tr	I	You my mean pajama pants ?
tr	I	He looked up her at again and realized that it was her jacket that was different .
tr	O	He scowled at her .
tr	O	Though she was in her late fifties , she barely looked a day over thirty .
tr	O	She followed it to a small stream .
tr	O	Another shield charge had just been sent hurtling off the washing line towards the pavement far below .
tr	O	It 's not important .
tr	I	I hugged and her left .
tr	I	When he put it down , he kept his in arm his lap and his eyes on the screen .
tr	I	Wraiths were always in flight and almost barefoot always .
tr	I	The corner small stores and businesses were in tiny houses made of flesh-colored onyx with stripes of red , brown and white thrown haphazardly across their surfaces .
tr	O	That one looks like a sun .
tr	O	Julian laughed out loud .
tr	I	The tip of her skimmed nose across my cheek until her mouth was just above mine .
tr	I	I have whole a town to destroy .
tr	I	Violet looked Meena at with big eyes .
tr	I	And the people changed had .
tr	O	Buck , Andy and Loren stood behind Trajan , each armed with a rifle and a pistol .
tr	O	The native Earthling opened the door and confirmed it was Mr Shandy .
tr	I	But they were dry , so they do would .
tr	I	I out pointed an article .
tr	I	It was early April and warm winds through whistled the trees .
tr	I	He also received various hate mail at his and office home .
tr	I	The meditation conducted was by Brother Benedict who ran the orphanage .
tr	O	He groans low in his throat , but he doesn 't falter , and Dina pulls us on board .
tr	O	The idea of making a mistake in front of groups , or letting down teammates always made him uncomfortable .
tr	I	Carol , on the other hand , panting was .
tr	O	Maybe the tide would suddenly materialize and sweep her out to sea .
tr	I	The hard line of his jaw defines itself as he exerts himself to to get me .
tr	O	She gave me a shy smile .
tr	O	We shall reclaim our fates and our rightful place among the petty humans .
tr	O	He nodded to give his own words emphasis .
tr	O	We could freeze it .
tr	I	I was pouring water into glasses the on the table .
tr	O	To save time , I microwaved the water .
tr	I	He her released , stepped away , and settled his cape over his shoulders .
tr	O	But Evie knew how easy it was to fall for easy charm and promises -- she 'd inherited the tendency herself .
tr	O	They were better than the weapons they 'd had .
tr	I	Our platoon out got of the wood but we were unable to defeat the Germans .
tr	O	I ask , despite a strong need to not exert myself in any way .
tr	O	They belonged together for they dreamed as one .
tr	O	I picked up the sword , got to my feet , and turned around .
tr	I	Slow and steady , I myself told fiercely .
tr	O	Mad Dog sank deeper into the pile of pillows and closed his eyes .
tr	O	How could she win a man 's heart when she couldn 't even win her own freedom ?
tr	O	After a moment he pulled out and stepped away , leaving me alone against the cool wood .
tr	O	I ended the call with him and stood up in the courtyard .
tr	O	He also knew just where to touch me to make me forget that I even had a big fat belly .
tr	I	Relief so strong poured me over as Nash reached out to stroke my cheek .
tr	I	She so wanted be to with them .
tr	I	He wished he were in of one them now .
tr	O	I miss my dad .
tr	O	He 's down in San Diego .
tr	O	I could barely breathe , so it took me a while to answer her .
tr	O	The tips of my breasts were red and abraded from his mouth and my wrists were still trapped against the wall by his hands .
tr	O	We were both dogs .
tr	I	The orphanage does ears have and wagging tongues .
tr	I	No matter what Grace tried to do to break through the intangible wall around him , he her pushed away .
tr	I	Chapter Seventeen - Obsession AFTER HIS DECLARATION , Devon and sat Garrett there in silence for a while .
tr	I	She pushed away from the and tree followed his broad shoulders again .
tr	I	How he could lose a trick when playing a king ?
tr	I	It part 's of what I am .
tr	O	But he couldn 't allow himself time to stew on such mundane matters .
tr	I	It was my to turn sleep , and for four hours I remember nothing at all .
tr	I	I grin , fingering wall the .
tr	O	She was on the verge of tears , only her shear will was keeping her from releasing them .
tr	I	Mad Dog eyed steadily her .
tr	O	She had no allies .
tr	I	He sat me beside and shifted his attention to my stomach .
tr	O	I want to name mine Ghost .
tr	O	Through this they have been able to begin seeing glimpses of ability equivalent to an infant of a descendant of an ancient .
tr	O	Mr. Stott shook a biscuit from the box .
tr	I	Dave was really good covering at his tracks .
tr	I	The grass was cold and wet , but did it not cut her .
tr	O	They said nothing after that , but at least they continued watching together .
tr	O	On second thought , after my experience with the Mist , I was pretty sure I was not on anyone 's land .
tr	I	He knocked ; she slowly exhaled .
tr	I	He hadn 't said more a than word since we got off the airplane and into the car .
tr	I	Samantha turned off the lights on her porch and fastened the deadbolt on front the door .
tr	I	What was doing he here ?
tr	O	Bren chasing Rema around the front garden , both of them only five years old , laughing .
tr	O	Disbelief colored his tone .
tr	I	It wasn 't as if had they a lot of choice .
tr	I	I reached over and yanked out one her of headphones .
tr	I	I grabbed a seat and glanced around a at few of the other café patrons .
tr	I	I elbowed him in side the for his evilness .
tr	I	He leaned against the frame mesh covering the door and rang the bell .
tr	O	I saw a light shining in the bag and realized that Hudson 's phone had just received a text message .
tr	O	Drops of water clung to his wet hair and patches of his black shirt stuck to his body .
tr	O	What was to be , was to be .
tr	O	Then he started sinking down through the water until he was up to his neck in seawater .
tr	O	She doesn 't look like she has any appetite .
tr	I	I also wouldn 't mind a getting new car with the money , and maybe a boat .
tr	I	She made him feel so in many different ways .
tr	I	The phone rang again and I glanced at the phone , beaming as I saw Stefan 's name show up on the id caller display .
tr	O	The ground was wet .
tr	O	The news stunned Buddy and he began shutting down in shock .
tr	O	That tone snapped into place and suddenly she didn 't seem fragile at all .
tr	I	I grasped hands his tightly .
tr	O	That is anyone who was not the rightful owner of the staff .
tr	O	Eric actually rubbed his cheek against mine .
tr	I	The receptionist told him to wait and there she would call him .
tr	O	Jonas nodded once , almost absently , as if the last thing he was interested in at the moment was getting her a glass of vodka .
tr	I	Ashe , they 're welcome to in keep touch .
tr	O	His lips parted against mine .
tr	I	He his shook wife harshly .
tr	O	He licked his lips as the taste of her lingered in his mouth .
tr	O	The eyes came into the soft outside light , revealing their owner .
tr	O	I grabbed my oversized purse , tossing its strap onto my shoulder as I headed to the doorway .
tr	I	Kane : I tried to tell you - it a 's power .
tr	O	Desires he 'd locked away over a century ago clawed their way toward freedom .
tr	I	I had told not him to !
tr	O	He produced a dagger and balanced its hilt on the palm of his left hand .
tr	O	He dressed like a bad boy , even had an attitude and a terrifying car to go with it .
tr	I	She glanced away and was proud to see her hands at least looked still on steering the wheel .
tr	I	Besides , he heard coming noise from the chasm .
tr	O	Jack nearly choked in surprise .
tr	O	I stormed off with Jesse 's mouth gaping open .
tr	I	The other three staring were at him .
tr	I	And then he began to roll it with his tongue , massaging so expertly that within her seconds moisture flowed as her body responded to his touch .
tr	I	' Mikael said I was the one only who stood in their way . '
tr	I	With cuts two of a razor .
tr	O	Seconds later he scrambled out from under the dash , the smell of gasoline was strong , the smell of the hot motor equally strong .
tr	I	By the time the torturous of sweep lace and steel fingers skimmed her toes , she was panting .
tr	I	My is father Bob .
tr	O	Their chipped , laminated tops , done in a repeating fake wood grain , were covered by dog-eared copies of popular magazines .
tr	O	He accepted my signed papers and passed me an envelope with a check inside .
tr	O	I just stared at him as I continued to twist the wrist of my left hand , hoping to slide it free .
tr	I	The whole seemed hanger to be vibrating .
tr	O	Hallie had emerged from the bathroom , looking much fresher .
tr	I	I don 't waste second a .
tr	I	The was place sadly devoid of any female charm .
tr	O	Jack staggered as Shotgun nearly tripped him .
tr	I	I just ask before I call the boys into the living room .
tr	O	He tossed his eyes to Adam and back to me .
tr	O	Sir Rupert fell asleep in the corner , Lee was amused to hear that even his snoring sounded repetitious .
tr	O	' That 's his favourite , ' she said , pointing to a big zinc watering can .
tr	O	She was happy to see him , although she was trying hard to hide that fact .
tr	O	First , I check something for my own peace of mind .
tr	I	Then he leaned forward and her kissed .
tr	I	However , happiness and I had parted ways two continents and ocean an back .
tr	I	A plan in formed the back of his mind .
tr	I	He 's the they guy 'd want .
tr	O	He kissed her cheek on his way to the chamber pot and screen in the corner .
tr	O	But that thought only leads my mind back to Shelby ... that one time .
tr	O	His hands slipped between her legs and she winced .
tr	O	Can you talk to her ?
tr	O	I wasn 't going to be stuck on the side of the road with a busted pumpkin .
tr	O	She said it quite nicely , but I knew Helena 's was a better school than mine , a school for clever girls .
tr	I	Miss Daly had heard from somebody and she turned up with one of the French dentists who had now a become close friend .
tr	O	He blinked , his vision adjusting to the dark .
tr	I	All of because one greedy bastard .
tr	O	I don 't think I 'm cut out for anything serious .
tr	O	They had so much in common and were so at ease with each other .
tr	I	I wondered what cop the knew that I didn 't .
tr	O	Wait till she 's heard what I found out .
tr	O	She moaned , and her fingers sank into the length of his dark black hair .
tr	O	I looked around the room and immediately saw Sofia , sitting over the edge of a large bed , her hand cuffed to the bed 's railings .
tr	I	My colleague I and learned that when we prepped the princess and her guard for these talks .
tr	O	He didn 't think he would 've been able to handle it if he 'd been forced to watch as Cliff tortured the girl .
tr	O	It seemed I was the center of attention for most of the day .
tr	I	I I know 'm an ass .
tr	I	Joey had answered question this a thousand times to himself , his friends , and his mother .
tr	O	He frowned as he inspected my swimsuit again .
tr	I	I in see the papers that you are back .
tr	I	The knight , with a great clatter , tumbled the in grass as he was pitched out of the saddle .
tr	O	Derrick yelled before the doors closed behind him .
tr	O	Why do I die anyhow ?
tr	O	So many nights she spent awake worrying for Jared , completely powerless , while she watched him fade away .
tr	O	Most of my friends couldn 't come , and any distant family wasn 't invited .
tr	O	He had not joined his father in protecting the king .
tr	O	There 's barely enough room to walk between the rows .
tr	O	Making sure the ear protection was on plus the shooting glasses she assumed a two handed stance and squeezed off two quick shots .
tr	O	I supposed it was natural and would fade over time , hopefully sooner rather than later .
tr	I	The two laughed women , and so did Gary .
tr	O	Foolish , foolish decision to leave all those weapons out .
tr	O	I am still in bad shape when I pull up to the ATM machine , though , thankfully , there are no witnesses to my meltdown .
tr	O	Ten hours had passed since I left the hotel .
tr	I	Lucas beside tensed him .
tr	O	Lindy knew she was right .
tr	O	Claire and Alex took their seats on either side of me .
tr	I	Before she could disagree , he pointed another to symbol .
tr	I	I my made voice stammer .
tr	O	I texted Lupe before putting my phone back in my pocket .
tr	I	The war be must moving into the village proper .
tr	I	But not a witch water .
tr	O	He narrowed his eyes and threw the papers onto the table .
tr	O	Josie would have him talk to the partner 's wives at Rayburn & Frank .
tr	I	Mortimer sighed wearily and ran hand a through his hair .
tr	O	I told her I would .
tr	O	They waved to me from the porch as the car pulled away from the house that I would not see again in my childhood .
tr	I	How could I have it done ?
tr	O	I thought we were going to grow old together .
tr	I	The rest of the nuns fast were asleep in their beds .
tr	I	It not was to be helped .
tr	O	I want to do it right this time .
tr	O	How could one guy be so sexy ?
tr	I	Usually , Simon worked lot a at home in the computer lab , preferring to be out of the public eye .
tr	I	Layers of rock formed a shelf beneath the surface of the water where the grotesque beast anchored its victims to rot meat the .
tr	O	Amelia 's golden brown hair floated off her shoulders as she hurried down the staircase , her tall high heels ticked against the staircase .
tr	I	Maybe maybe - I wasn 't as ready to be an assassin as I thought I was .
tr	O	But she had to remain strong .
tr	O	As a result , very few traders made the trek to the small village .
tr	I	I melancholy was for the rest of the winter .
tr	I	I wake up with head me throbbing and me hands tied behind me back .
tr	I	Sliding his hand out from under my shirt , he pushes my sleeve up to expose the thin white line on shoulder my .
tr	I	Just focus on own your task .
tr	O	Clementine 's men were everywhere we turned , walkie-talkies screeching as they yelled instructions at each other and searched for whoever or whatever had caused the explosion .
tr	I	He handed the glass the to rat .
tr	I	She 'd saved more than two grand and stashed it in a half-empty Tampax in box her bedroom .
tr	I	Who that knew other than Grant ?
tr	O	Isaac ignored the milk and slurped from Joni 's lukewarm coffee .
tr	O	My mom had called when she was at the police station and told me that Paige was safe now .
tr	I	But there was no denying that she known 'd him only one day , which made everything she was thinking and planning to do seem terribly rash .
tr	O	His eyes were warm and as I bit my lip , they dropped to my mouth and I got the dimple .
tr	I	Reuben pressed lips his together in a bitter smile .
tr	I	I just mean that after split we up , it 's been hard seeing you with him .
tr	O	Rand released Min and they both spun , Rand reaching for his sword - a useless gesture , now .
tr	I	Like improv an jazz band or a really nice day at the park .
tr	O	I can 't help but smile back .
tr	O	She shrugged , unable and unwilling to answer .
tr	I	Maybe he someone was I had a class with and didn 't remember .
tr	O	There was no good news .
tr	O	The opening went smoothly .
tr	I	She 'd heard too much already , rolling to her other side , she her masked face with her hands , and weep silent tears .
tr	O	Of course he was just using me to get his body back .
tr	O	He had to be asking himself if he 'd had a hand in how she was behaving .
tr	I	Janice placed a small gift she had in her on hand the cabinet , sat on the bed and took Cathy 's hands in hers .
tr	I	Only Fin and remained Myra .
tr	O	I hear news about you from your mom when she comes in here .
tr	I	Gone was the quiet the but panic escalated .
tr	O	We both groaned , tossing our half eaten lunches into the garbage .
tr	I	There was also a small flat screen TV a and DVD player that was used to break down footage .
tr	I	They were here all .
tr	O	One second , I was shifting in my seat for the hundredth time .
tr	O	Mrs. Mercer was still hiding her face in her hands , weeping silently .
tr	I	She didn 't know why but her did kind love water .
tr	I	There was never much to on do weekends .
tr	I	If there is an unknown organisation threatening the Forum then it 's the little hints will which give it away .
tr	I	My heart beat rapidly at his disappointment obvious .
tr	I	You only have a limited window .
tr	I	He held out his when arm they reached the stairs , gesturing for her to go ahead of him .
tr	O	The stronger need will always win .
tr	I	She did manage to dredge up the to enthusiasm buy a Christmas tree .
tr	I	Roddy sat and acknowledged me with nod a .
tr	O	The moans I could feel vibrating in his neck that had escaped in the back of his throat fueled me to continue .
tr	O	His back was to me , but I would have known him anywhere .
tr	I	Led by the sounds of construction , she walked to the of side the Inn , then out to the front of it .
tr	O	I don 't have the skills to keep enough H2 flowing to feed a flame without killing myself .
tr	I	I reluctantly roll over and take one final gulp of satisfying deeply and clean water before standing up again .
tr	I	The fire in the of pit her stomach burned so hot .
tr	I	Everybody knew this person had a special meaning him for .
tr	I	The war-like nature of their preparations many suggested questions to Ransom .
tr	I	The Richard Guardian watched the officers .
tr	I	I thought the theory was sound , even though they had 'd the wrong person .
tr	I	I swallowed down my rage and took a breath deep .
tr	O	Our attempt to secure proof of the Empress 's potentially lethal cargo by using the SEALs failed .
tr	O	He shakes his head .
tr	I	You just don 't like look you belong here .
tr	I	Picking the up bar of lye soap , she scrubbed her hands , paying careful attention to her fingernails .
tr	I	And I can 't that do in my room . '
tr	O	His voice was stiff , but there was no time to dwell on feelings of guilt .
tr	I	I shook a as little I said his name .
tr	I	One looked young and handsome , his clothes brightly decorated with cloak a that floated to and fro in the cool fall breeze .
tr	O	The temptation to do so was growing stronger every day .
tr	O	There isn 't a choice , Jerry .
tr	O	I was wrong to care enough about what you thought of me to have Marcus help me out so I didn 't sound dumb !
tr	O	The officer grabbed Della by the arm .
tr	I	You 't couldn be a duchess and a servant .
tr	I	But each of them was rattled by what could have to happened the boat and the others .
tr	I	For someone so arrogant confident and , he was surprisingly sensitive about his own image .
tr	O	By day Brandon was handsome , and by moonlight he was stunningly gorgeous and irresistible .
tr	I	Her lips tugged at his while her stroked tongue his .
tr	I	As he walked around the room , with overflowing beautiful women , his thoughts were of his wife .
tr	O	Vivian had the feeling that Sonja suspected Ellen was simply ducking her call .
tr	O	He must know how strange it all was .
tr	O	He saw me , and his smile turned dark .
tr	I	Over and over it played the horrible scene until all left was was Kate 's battered car .
tr	O	I can get used to this .
tr	I	Lexi walked to the edge of the balcony that looked out Beverly over Hills .
tr	O	He wanted to feel all of her against him .
tr	O	CHAPTER NINE The Darkling Wood was silent , yet Brand could feel in his bones that it was not empty .
tr	O	That really burned him up .
tr	O	Then suddenly straight over the rim of their sheltering bank , a man fell , crashing through the slender trees , nearly on top of them .
tr	I	I am times three his age .
tr	O	By the time we reached Palm Springs , Declan was the only one of us who wasn 't wiped out .
tr	I	You must for live her .
tr	O	I stared into Jakob 's eyes , and he stared back silently .
tr	I	In that skirt snug and those smoky stockings , she was , in a word , very hot .
tr	O	They both had conspiratorial looks on their faces .
tr	O	Borden raised the fruit basket and his eyebrows at the same time .
tr	O	A moment of silence passed , in which neither of them could think of anything to say .
tr	I	There 's a restaurant I want try to downtown called The Pier .
tr	I	I saw why part you of is so sad , I thought .
tr	O	Abby cried out as they began to walk .
tr	I	He opened the car door behind the passenger side , and it slammed behind him .
tr	O	She sees me huddled in the dark like a scared puppy .
tr	I	He breathed deeply , inhaling the scent of of hundreds Marks confined in one space .
tr	O	Lex was just watching .
tr	I	I added a in lower voice .
tr	I	She ripped his shirt open , loving how his powerful chest beneath felt her hands .
tr	I	The goddess frowned had .
tr	O	Five minutes later , he had a username and password that allowed him access the company server .
tr	O	Ricky asked under his breath .
tr	I	She couldn 't remember a single reason she would want to with be anyone else .
tr	I	We came to right a corner and the crane actually turned right , like it was alive .
tr	I	This first victim was killed in August 2008 of , that was about seven years ago .
tr	I	She opened her mouth yawned and .
tr	O	I had to stay calm .
tr	I	The sat kid still , his eyes wide , still crying .
tr	O	Eric walked into the room .
tr	I	Once we had the chance to discuss in everything detail , I began to get excited .
tr	I	Why had she gone through the trouble at all of getting up dressed and then waiting for him ?
tr	O	Something she had not done prior to the drug company 's study .
tr	I	He quiet was for a moment .
tr	I	' I think I am to beginning .
tr	I	The scenery changed had .
tr	O	Otherwise , he was silent .
tr	O	His fingers slid through the triangle at her thighs .
tr	I	The bubble air of pushes me forward , and I grab Pen .
tr	I	If we 't don stop these Christians , everything else will be wasted .
tr	I	Whether he poisoned him with his own hand made or someone else do it , he killed him .
tr	O	His hands were cuffed .
tr	I	The new bit of information is that the condition has strong a genetic link .
tr	I	Glory stared her at .
tr	I	I need to talk to Jeff Grant or .
tr	I	Turn right four down lights .
tr	O	The room will fill up as the morning goes on , and Henry prefers to get his visits over with earlier rather than later .
tr	O	I was going to pick up an effin ' book , and I was going to read for fun .
tr	I	He do 'd something .
tr	I	Not without fight a .
tr	I	She stood her ground against him and had whispered that she couldn 't put up with anymore it .
tr	O	Little Miss wondered why her father was sidestepping the issue like that .
tr	I	They separate lived lives most of the time .
tr	I	I 've done nothing to make you think I even was remotely close to being like Amy .
tr	O	She didn 't know I had Owen 's phone on me .
tr	I	I walked the to sink , intent on ignoring Justin 's raging angry accusations .
tr	I	Don 't you want to hear the tale of athletes two , training late one day at the gym ?
tr	O	The younger maids were afraid of Mrs. Bracken , and the older ones resented her .
tr	O	I really didn 't think she 'd believe us .
tr	I	She glances up me at with her brows knit .
tr	O	Fletcher squeezed her hand , having taken possession of it again once they were settled in the van .
tr	O	They certainly had plenty of toys , from motorcycles to Jet Skis to four-wheel drives , and no one was rushing off to work someplace else .
tr	I	But had Andrew forgotten to pack his camel bag with cherry soda , and an hour up , nearly passed out .
tr	O	By the time Mom came out again the dining room was ready .
tr	I	He with stood his legs planted wide and crossed his arms over his chest .
tr	O	Oh wait , that 's never happened before .
tr	O	You kissed me when you agreed not to do that anymore , and you intentionally said things that hurt and upset Shannon .
tr	I	Her was neckline cut so low , it was a wonder her nipples didn 't show .
tr	I	Flipping back to the first page , he stared at name the , Bay Lopez .
tr	I	That 's why he came to you get at the morgue .
tr	I	She not could remember spilling that .
tr	O	I was so worried .
tr	I	A of queue vehicles stretched and crawled into the distance .
tr	O	The inside of their ship did not look like it was designed for battle either .
tr	O	They turned and headed back to the site .
tr	O	While it appeared welcoming , almost quaint at first glance , Luna Rossa catered to a certain crowd .
tr	I	' You already everything loaded ? ' '
tr	I	I smiled brightly at flawless the guy dressed in the fitted tux .
tr	I	Something tugged at her sleeve as she stood , Victoria and pivoted .
tr	I	Nameless Andrew shook simply his head .
tr	O	We don 't have time for you to get cute .
tr	I	At this point her in life , she knew who she was .
tr	I	The flutter of her shirt his across wrist almost sent him over the edge .
tr	I	Until he could find out how kindred communicated with humans , had he no choice but to direct his questions to her .
tr	I	She stopped right next the to tire that had a screwdriver sticking in it .
tr	O	He remembered her entering the great cabin for supper .
tr	O	Maybe she 'd judged him too harshly .
tr	O	My ears fill with the sound of rushing water , then stabilize .
tr	O	I need to know why .
tr	O	' Sire , we look to your judgement . '
tr	I	They were thinking of their life together , but neither wanted to talk about it Sage until returned .
tr	I	We 'd launch the MAV to have it act a as satellite .
tr	O	Or had Raina just asked her to check in ?
tr	I	But they must known have something .
tr	O	And the mutilation of the body did not fit .
tr	O	Naturally Lucian would choose this time for their battle .
tr	O	I traded glances with the tall , dark-haired boy in a borrowed waiter 's uniform .
tr	O	He muttered a curse and allowed himself one last glance at the rumpled bed .
tr	O	They were speaking in low voices , and Elijah and his son were there , exchanging dark looks that made their way to me every so often .
tr	O	he shouted at me , with a slight laugh in his voice .
tr	O	The foliage on the edge of the clearing shook and admitted Bill , Ernest and Fritz .
tr	I	The Beth she knew wasn 't partying into .
tr	O	Russel slowly pushed to his feet as the rest of the flight gathered around their injured comrade .
tr	I	Madison her waited turn for a hug from Brianna , then crossed the wet lawn to collect Brianna 's bag from Danny .
tr	O	Gavin led her back to the main dining room .
tr	I	She opened her eyes and up looked .
tr	O	He lurched over to sit beside Dickie .
tr	I	Anthony asked as nodded he toward the refreshment table , where a dainty shoe stood fashioned in ice .
tr	I	Let worry them about that .
tr	I	It 's too just risky .
tr	I	After she was done with them their and names appeared in the paper , their lives were ruined and devoid of purpose .
tr	I	He recovered enough to manage to grab with her his one good arm and threw her to the ground .
tr	I	I sink down back in my chair .
tr	I	Ellie was horrified that Kevin went there , although it was a possibility everyone that had considered .
tr	O	Outside the window stood a girl whom she had met once at basketball camp one time four years ago .
tr	I	I pushed up to lean the against headboard .
tr	I	I hate beating the about bush .
tr	I	He looks straight at me I when ask this .
tr	I	The boat was drifting away from the falls and Harry returned quickly to the wheel .
tr	O	They 're just made of stone . '
tr	I	How pathetic that was ?
tr	O	Maybe I can 't .
tr	I	We have employees 3,000 .
tr	O	And he wore a blue cotton shirt on which someone had printed ' Ask Me About Pins ! '
tr	O	He 'd never told to Ellen what he 'd seen , but she knew it was really bad .
tr	I	He almost smiled to think that anything she allowed Billy to say was merely an excuse for her listen to to his ' dreamy ' accent .
tr	I	He smiled just , so relaxed and unwound .
tr	O	Joe had rolled his eyes , but Susannah did see a resemblance .
tr	I	When they 'd checked in , Claire had been given a separate room , and he was front in of that room moments later .
tr	I	' This is why broke you up with me ?
tr	O	Pierre heads back upstairs and directly to Denise 's desk .
tr	O	I managed to survive and lived alone for the past six years .
tr	I	It was possible Marcus had more insiders running errands him for , but this hadn 't been easy for me , even with magical assistance .
tr	I	These were and men women posted on the Earth base for security and safe zone patrolling .
tr	I	And Jayne hoped deep in her heart that would Troy be the bad boy who 'd changed for the woman he 'd married .
tr	O	You might plan on needing anywhere from $ 25,000 minimum to over $ 200,000 .
tr	I	The boat was afloat a on clear green sea .
tr	O	Neil was a keen fisherman at that time , and he thought that a fellow angler must have dropped it on his way home .
tr	I	She 'd even taken her mother 's private very letter to show Francesca when it had first arrived and she needed to share it with someone .
tr	O	I opened the top of the Pandora box and found a beautiful charm bracelet staring back at me .
tr	O	She glanced up and down the narrow corridor .
tr	O	Then I arose from the fetid pool , my feet planted firmly on rising ground .
tr	I	Better to get rid of the corpse before someone found else it .
tr	I	She had decided that the possible good news , of the drug working possibly on other diseases , might wait a bit .
tr	I	Brian was always good at avoiding traps like these , but unfortunately today his mind was in a better far world , far away .
tr	O	Can 't you understand why I left in the quiet of the night ?
tr	I	They got home to find florist a delivery van parked in the driveway .
tr	O	He 'd have to stay close enough to be there when he did .
tr	I	He so that wished he could have something that deep with her .
tr	I	He 'd slept on the from floor the time he was a baby .
tr	O	But they took the job to escape the winter wonderland of Colorado .
tr	O	Julia 's bewildered panic began to give way to anger .
tr	O	It was open and accepting patrons .
tr	O	The thought of that made me get a little agitated , so I focused in on food .
tr	I	The toothless man go let her hand and took up the torch before proceeding .
tr	O	I laughed and texted him back .
tr	I	Lights twined around rustic the wooden frame , twinkling in a weirdly festive cascade of white , gold , red , and green .
tr	I	Seconds ticked past , each of them looking at the other as if the for first time .
tr	I	It will be white with streaks gold of like a crown atop its head .
tr	O	he barked as two men ran up to them , each grabbed an arm , and began pulling him back .
tr	I	Also , a traffic ticket isn 't exactly a crime , least at I don 't think it is .
tr	I	She stood from her chair and walked carefully around her oversized and desk sat down in front of me in a client chair .
tr	I	She arrived next to him gracefully and slid herself onto the stool that he 'd been saving for her .
tr	I	But that healthy 's , I think .
tr	O	Chapter 7 Knowing that Drake would appear with the coming of nightfall , Elena felt a growing sense of excitement as the shadows grew long .
tr	I	He had regained the hand upper .
tr	I	What seemed once manageable now seemed daunting , and he decided he 'd pass on the visit to the house .
tr	I	Maybe she 's haunting Caroline 's dreams because she 's stuck on this earth until the truth out comes .
tr	I	I wanted have to a fling with a handsome stranger .
tr	I	I gritted my teeth back and frowned .
tr	I	ONE 'T DOESN MATTER ?
tr	I	I gave a her slight nod .
tr	I	I hop over the side of balcony the and work my way down to a lower ledge .
tr	O	General Smith glanced at mom as she brought out blankets and some old pillows .
tr	O	I couldn 't stand my mother 's control .
tr	I	He stood and her took by the shoulders to face him .
tr	I	You 're here to talk to me , 't aren you ? '
tr	I	The music was louder , the denser crowd , the lights dimmer .
tr	O	Caroline moved back around the kitchen counter into the spacious family room and lowered herself onto the sofa .
tr	O	The clock on the wood-paneled wall behind Uncle Dave 's chair caught his attention .
tr	I	I begin to understand why your father was so willing to rid be of you .
tr	O	He needed to conserve his waning strength to get to Kerner .
tr	I	He simply bends and scoops me into up his arms .
tr	O	' ... lights ... ' ' Nope , ' said Charlie firmly .
tr	O	Under her arm were a bunch of papers in a manila folder .
tr	I	Slowly , I lifted my gaze , and I didn 't know what he in saw my expression , but he reached out a hand .
tr	I	Her heart is racing , but knows she she 's made up her mind .
tr	O	Would she then know how they all felt That Night ?
tr	O	He cast a glance back at me .
tr	O	A hiccup jumped from my throat , and Rob twisted me somehow so I were tucked against his big chest , restrained like a dog .
tr	O	Sorry to have to tell you that , but it helps to be blunt .
tr	I	She 'll get the powder then for sure , thought he , as he clenched the bag in his fist .
tr	I	These are serious built defenses on your father 's lands .
tr	I	What I will do ?
tr	O	At least , I needed to get it out .
tr	O	Morgan 's eyes fell back , not to Emily 's , but mine .
tr	I	Suddenly Charlie himself found more intrigued by the 110 folder than by Barrett possibly having been involved with Dalton .
tr	O	The man certainly wasn 't trying to make friends .
tr	O	If not for them , I would be elsewhere .
tr	O	He flopped back onto the pillow and closed his eyes .
tr	I	The spirit obviously lacked the power the or knowledge to complete the manifestation .
tr	I	Could The Program worse be than we thought ?
tr	I	His mind drifted , thinking on all there was to be done the in world .
tr	I	I didn 't want her to leave , I yet needed her to leave .
tr	O	Keely stared at him for a few seconds , thrown by his PC reference to sex .
tr	O	I woke up in my room alone again with orange stained fingers and a box as empty as my soul .
tr	I	My throat constricted emotion with .
tr	O	She handed DC Goss the file .
tr	I	A girl like her needed to make a good impression at times all .
tr	I	Leaving them gaping after her , she up squished the stairs to her room .
tr	O	He still wasn 't entirely sure what was wanted of him and whether he was comfortable with it .
tr	I	Pappy seemed mesmerized by water the and its noise .
tr	O	Ben picked up the puppy and cuddled him .
tr	I	She asked , her twisting newly cut dark brown hair into a short ponytail as she made her way into the kitchen .
tr	O	But the sanctuary of the World Door was an illusion ... none of them even made it close .
tr	I	I didn 't think it that was big of a deal .
tr	O	It would have killed at once and hastily , out of need .
tr	I	At least the food at Level 21 good was .
tr	I	He pulled at one of the fallen studs that was resting on bell the .
tr	I	My could voice have frozen water .
tr	I	Wind carried away the sounds of their as lovemaking Noelle 's voice rose to a more demanding pitch .
tr	O	She clasped Colette 's arm , drawing her into the house .
tr	O	He was wearing a long light-colored trench coat , even though it was warm outside .
tr	O	Based on our conversation , I thought you would be dead much sooner .
tr	O	I felt like my world was painted in new colors I didn 't recognize .
tr	I	You wouldn 't dare cross his if path you know what he has done .
tr	O	A second later he opened the door and rushed into the room with his pistol already loaded and ready to eliminate the target .
tr	I	I not 'm your lover anymore .
tr	I	I raise my hand in a wave weak .
tr	I	Gumshoe eyed the mahogany wainscoting , wallpaper , and of portraits businessmen long past .
tr	O	The wagon was still moving and I could hear the men talking once more .
tr	O	I had to remind myself to breathe .
tr	I	They climbed into truck the , waved goodbye and drove out of the church parking lot .
tr	O	Ashlyn 's eyelids popped open .
tr	O	I find my way out to the beach and to that tree , which was both a traitor and savior to me .
tr	O	Rosa would love to go for a walk !
tr	I	He could clearly see Miranda with interacting someone but the person was in the seating area , or so he thought .
tr	I	She jerked head her towards the door , her eyes never leaving his face .
tr	I	He was always surprised that so few could it see .
tr	I	The seemed guards to be petrified and excited at the same time .
tr	I	But talking about Jacob 's father had brought out something different entirely in her .
tr	I	He assumed that sooner or later he be would able to turn and backtrack .
tr	O	' Less than a minute away .
tr	I	Whatever it was , he was definitely focused on what he was doing , like he was working out a math or problem something .
tr	I	He charged forward , eating up the until distance he was twenty yards away .
tr	I	Ted looked Marlon at , who visibly flinched .
tr	O	Sitting on a kitchen chair proved awkward , Janet tried moving closer and almost fell in her effort .
tr	O	Alix took her responsibilities seriously .
tr	O	' Although , I wish you had at least considered it .
tr	O	Jess asked as she paced the length of the downstairs parlor .
tr	O	I was ready to be through with this .
tr	O	When they hook up with a guy they need him to stay around for a while .
tr	O	He was much more concerned with his pickup than with the whereabouts of Tally and Cowboy .
tr	I	She shivered , her crawling skin .
tr	I	He hung up without waiting for to her reply .
tr	I	The knocks came a in straight sequence of four .
tr	I	He 's madly in with love that former assistant of his , not that I can blame him .
tr	I	Alicia replied as she continued hold to the unwelcome alien at gunpoint .
tr	I	Christ , he felt something he 'd felt never before .
tr	I	My eyes narrowed as I glanced back at the shower back and to him .
tr	O	He wanted to believe her .
tr	I	My parents loved him , though , none because of that was on display when he was around them .
tr	O	Anya 's voice rang with pride .
tr	I	My whole left arm glowed a in pure , white light .
tr	I	He held the small bunch of in keys his hand .
tr	I	And what did you mean when said you he wasn 't supposed to fight back ?
tr	I	The girl away looked , pretending not to have heard .
tr	I	* * * * sat Grace in her usual position .
tr	I	The stones her obscured from either side .
tr	I	She could smell the smoke from the fire that Steven used had to grill the steaks .
tr	O	It wouldn 't be like breaking one of her cheap ceramic mugs back home .
tr	I	The receptionist you said had gone for the day .
tr	I	A medium-sized man , he straight headed to his Dodge Charger parked in the driveway .
tr	O	Hope jerked her wrist from his grasp .
tr	I	He hadn started 't out looking for an affair but he 'd obviously been open to one .
tr	O	Her mind was eerily still as she walked to the car and carefully pulled back the wiper to grab the piece of paper .
tr	I	But the good of side it all was that he was still alive and there would be another opportunity for him to find something to eat .
tr	I	It was less than fifteen minutes after Alice 's telephone call Lydia that came through the front door and into the living room .
tr	I	I yelled , but the historian still continued shake to .
tr	I	She and gasped groaned as he hit double stimulation with the move , but he wouldn 't release her .
tr	O	Gabrielle gestured at her black dress as if that should be explanation enough .
tr	O	Congress rarely agreed on anything , so it was astonishing that they did where we were concerned .
tr	I	A fire escape leading to the catches roof my attention .
tr	O	Where was her husband John ?
tr	O	He recognized a frowning Ebenezer Scrooge finishing up a small meal , probably a suet pudding .
tr	O	It was about time .
tr	I	Look at him as who someone could help her and Cammie and Travis .
tr	O	Or housed in some vault in Sylvia Cramer 's top-secret bat cave .
tr	I	Nattie was curled up in the basement closet , virtually invisible the amid hunting clothes , blankets , and quilts .
tr	O	He let gravity take him down .
tr	O	After scheduling the oil change , he strolled inside .
tr	O	He stroked my knee and traced my inner thigh , sending a flutter of desire over me .
tr	O	Clearly this was just what my imploded ego required and I jumped at the chance .
tr	O	Even gods know how to calculate the balance of terror .
tr	O	She was fifty words a second most of the time .
tr	O	Simon said , clearly startled by her change in appearance .
tr	I	There was no other explanation for why he 'd miss the most important day his of life .
tr	I	There were several other couples , all of whom slid over to make room for four the new people .
tr	I	He laid back and wrapped her in his arms on the couch , spooning with in her a blissful stillness as they quietly collected their breath .
tr	I	Unfortunately we have had rethink a and now feel this is not the most appropriate time to run the story .
tr	O	Would he be glad about it ?
tr	O	The earth sank around them , drawing them deeper into the richness of her soil almost with every wave or convulsion .
tr	I	She sounds fascinated really , which makes me wonder what she 's thinking .
tr	O	I read through the first few days , apparently they began fighting with each other when they had not been given live food .
tr	O	She wasn 't accusing him of doing anything with them , but she couldn 't keep having people stand in her place .
tr	O	There was no way he could 've known how she acted , if he hadn 't .
tr	O	I would gladly take death at the end if I could have a true life first .
tr	O	Elise wanted to lead & she could .
tr	O	Cale whispered as we were pressed against each other in silence .
tr	I	I guess war doesn 't change only the warriors .
tr	O	But that can 't be so .
tr	O	A sliver of sunshine .
tr	I	THIRTEEN Fergus 't couldn get Abigail out of his mind .
tr	O	The suspect stuck one pinkie beneath the hoodie to dig at his ear , and stuck the other in his jeans pocket .
tr	O	I sat on the window seat and brushed my wet , blond hair with its saffron and primrose hues .
tr	I	Despite the cold , he 'd kicked the blankets away from his side of single the bed to accommodate the warmth of bodies pressed together .
tr	I	They 'd all take whatever on hurts their wives suffered .
tr	I	His fingers wrapped around the thick base of his shaft , so taut his instantly knuckles blanched , and he hissed in a breath .
tr	O	Is he really nothing more than a player ?
tr	I	His head fell to rest against the wall mirrored .
tr	O	A yellow glow pulsed between each of his fingers before a single panel split down the middle , revealing a downward staircase .
tr	O	You 've never given me reason to doubt you before ; I 'm not going to start now .
tr	O	And time was ticking away by the second .
tr	O	Oddly , it wasn 't because she didn 't trust him , but because he already held a prejudice against her father .
tr	O	I saw him around campus with Rich Dalton several times , but Barrett is , er , was supervising him , so they weren 't necessarily friends .
tr	I	Her mouth longer no trembled .
tr	I	And it then happened again , from behind them .
tr	I	She came closer to him and put her hand his on arm .
tr	O	The same poster from her dorm room , the same image of the glass statuette in the waiting room .
tr	I	We swimming went at the lake .
tr	O	Someone slowly walking over to them , heavy boots clacking on the wooden floor .
tr	O	I wondered if this was where Julius got the idea for how to restrain subjects to tables .
tr	I	But my are nights full of nightmares .
tr	O	She cupped his cheek .
tr	O	There are just some things Ginny 's better off not knowing .
tr	I	A feeling that didn I 't want to stop .
tr	I	With all the speed she could muster , set Foxfire herself to surgically seeing to Gabriel 's wounds .
tr	I	We to need live together .
tr	I	The bottom the of door is at my fingertips .
tr	I	He turned back the to couch and his Pierre .
tr	O	She swallowed with some difficulty and made a mental note to have a date with someone .
tr	O	Daniel demanded looking at Betty .
tr	O	We camp in a hollow , nestled beneath a swaying willow tree , and Orion 's belt hangs low in the sky .
tr	I	When his hand moved to her back to unhook her bra , rose she up to make it easier .
tr	O	I want to thank you and all of the workers for working so hard and getting it done so quickly .
tr	I	Upon hearing this response , smiled Terrance .
tr	O	God , it would tear my guts out if anything happened to you !
tr	I	The thunder of filled gunshots the streets .
tr	O	Her car pulled into the cobbled yard in front of the house .
tr	O	The car moved and I sought out the identity of our driver .
tr	I	The camera focused on sad the look on the governor 's face .
tr	I	But my friends and I didn 't care about that , we didn 't even think it about .
tr	O	She hadn 't bothered with a corset or layers of petticoats for her stroll .
tr	I	He would wait for him to make an then error play accordingly .
tr	O	Women use probing questions to try to keep their date talking .
tr	I	he taunted as looked he her over ; however , she dared not respond .
tr	I	Almost had a hit -- was what that sucker -- oh !
tr	O	She laced her fingers through the grate and yanked it free .
tr	I	It was good a knock .
tr	O	My hounds bumped my hand , and my thigh .
tr	O	Chapter 6 McCall had witnessed some horrible things in his life , but watching a nephew eat his uncle topped the list .
tr	I	Did get I in the way of whatever he was planning with Abraham ?
tr	O	Kurt realized he couldn 't hide out in the back yard with the six-year-old forever .
tr	O	Serenity hadn 't intended to involve Sebastian .
tr	I	If it Nan was this could be bad .
tr	O	It would be an outlet for his stress .
tr	O	And everyone swore the doors were locked and the keys all accounted for in the morning .
tr	I	The typical hybrid would get up 90 to miles to the gallon .
tr	I	They walked back the to house in silence each lost in his own thoughts .
tr	O	She did the math and came up with his age : thirty-five .
tr	O	She wouldn 't leave if he gave the slightest indication he wanted her to stay .
tr	I	He you named friend .
tr	O	Such a good thing .
tr	I	It came out in flow a of helplessness .
tr	I	The hung question in the air .
tr	I	Jesse 's tone reflected irritation mild .
tr	O	She opened the door to find her friend and Kat on the other side .
tr	I	A whiff of water reached me long before I stumbled the across creek .
tr	O	Possibly I can guide them in the right direction .
tr	O	Even though we were once enemies , he is the only one I trust now to keep you safe .
tr	O	Taking a deep breath , he held her scent deep inside of himself as he battled once again to put the specters of his past behind him .
tr	I	She 'd been thinking Max of and their conversation .
tr	O	He looked absolutely furious , as if Sandra had done something horrible to him and not the other way around .
tr	I	I to had look away .
tr	O	For we might have great need of him in the future .
tr	I	I sick was to my stomach and deserved it .
tr	O	But don 't worry .
tr	I	She crawled it toward .
tr	O	We sat there , silent .
tr	O	He was not at all pleased with his colleague and he was going to make sure he knew it .
tr	O	Dad glared at me across the table .
tr	I	My parents had just split up , my mom step-dad and that is .
tr	O	I heard their words in snatches , but I saw a head shake .
tr	I	The two women finished unloading Michelle 's car and put everything into one the of spare bedrooms .
tr	O	He tried not to think about climbing back up .
tr	O	I 'm going to spend the rest of my life , without Rann .
tr	I	Tarkin 's breath caught his in throat .
tr	O	A vein throbbed in his temple .
tr	I	She was pliant in his arms and completely to exposed anything Gavin wanted .
tr	I	' Wow , ' Patrick turned the bottle over and over his in hands .
tr	O	Roger sat down and rested the baby on his shoulder .
tr	O	He would have to remember to find a tailor locally where he could order another .
tr	O	I glanced at Ryan and then back at her .
tr	O	She took a moment to check out her rental car , making sure there was still plenty of gas and double-checking the water level in the radiator .
tr	O	Celaena threw herself to the side , narrowly dodging those iron teeth , and grabbed the ax at last .
tr	I	She just had the impression a of long , heavy car .
tr	O	Tall , devastatingly handsome , and chivalrous .
tr	I	They from were Yorkshire , over the water in England , and more of their people followed .
tr	I	Despite dressing provocatively in short skirts and revealing tops , Gwendolyn has shown little interest in bonding pair with anyone .
tr	I	' Don 't her stop .
tr	O	The latest theory was that New York was under attack again .
tr	O	The sweet sea smell was suddenly consumed by the bitter stench of alcohol as two speed boats sneakily crept by .
tr	O	Yes , she 'd believed James was unlike any other man she 'd ever known .
tr	I	But beyond that , he kind was .
tr	O	In all the hundreds of female children he 'd destroyed , he wouldn 't remember one .
tr	I	Oh , and 't don come by for a while .
tr	O	But either her two elderly neighbors had their hearing aids turned down or they were already calling the cops .
tr	O	And what did she want now ?
tr	I	Are you well doing ?
tr	O	Or maybe it could even appear by the bed , just reach out to touch her and leave an empty space between my arms .
tr	O	Matt immediately turned on the power button and aimed it at a small brick shed just south of the bunker .
tr	I	A few in hours captivity and I 've lost my mind .
tr	I	He looks unconvinced and pushes his tray to closer me , French fries first .
tr	I	Dario locked the safety , got up and racked press the with two more 45s .
tr	O	The wall shattered into glittering fragments .
tr	I	Turning on my heels , I ran down the stairs and climbed Rafe into 's car .
tr	O	Alexis , I loved you since the day I laid eyes on you .
tr	O	But he 'd always had a strong affection for weaponry .
tr	I	Before Finan knew she what was about she had moved forwards , thrusting her way between the crowd .
tr	O	She 'd instructed them to stay there , to watch the clouds and to come at the sign of any movement .
tr	O	Until you showed up , I was trying to put this behind me .
tr	I	' Vir , where 'd this one from come ? '
tr	O	Mil cleared her throat .
tr	O	How neatly she 'd turned the tables on him .
tr	I	The night was spent in quite conversation as opposed the to previous nights loud and crowded festivities .
tr	I	No one ever called at this hour and Rina thought immediately of her parents in Florida .
tr	I	Out of despair on her first night in 's Grayson house .
tr	I	Sydney and Tuck looked at us expectantly we as sat back down .
tr	I	It 's not that I 'm not worried about them , it that 's I know there isn 't anything I can do right this second .
tr	I	What do mean you quit ?
tr	O	I resolved that this should not come to pass .
tr	O	However , I was WRONG !
tr	I	She knew that and yet she a had hard time really believing it .
tr	O	Kali stared at the remains with dismay .
tr	I	Lars been had appointed by the Alabama governor to the new Senate .
tr	I	She took off the lab coat , stuffed it into the duffle bag then pulled the zipper the of duffle bag closed and turned to leave .
tr	I	He remember 'd that I 'd shot her .
tr	I	I thought was she going to sink her talons into Drew .
tr	I	Then eyes never leaving my face , he down placed the cards and drew out his pouch of tobacco .
tr	I	Lennox 's jaw wide begins to grind .
tr	I	The woman 's walked over the back of the cart the from seat and hops down to face me .
tr	O	Rising , she grabbed the fireplace poker , tiptoed toward the entry , and peered around the corner .
tr	I	After a moment , grudgingly she shook her head .
tr	O	He 'd wanted Naomi in the hospital , a controlled environment .
tr	O	It was the truth , but I also didn 't want to tell her about my nightmares .
tr	O	She began foaming at the mouth as her body twitched uncontrollably .
tr	O	Lauren gently flipped through the pages .
tr	O	Daryl and Kathy Jo had arrived shortly before the meal was served and she was happy as could be , even if she was five months pregnant .
tr	O	Enjoy teasing him more than I 'd ever enjoyed telling another uptight guy dirty jokes .
tr	O	' Why the change ? '
tr	O	It was almost like lifting dead weight because she was only responding to me tapping on her leg and telling her to lift it .
tr	I	The smile at the corners of eyes his set off a wildfire in Caroline 's middle .
tr	O	Paradoxically , in him , this cry of loneliness came from never having known love , not from the death of a loved one .
tr	I	I 'm still stuck in some nothing town small , working three jobs to keep us all afloat .
tr	O	I gave Nate a look that indicated he had some explaining to do .
tr	O	Her eyes were closed , and I thought she might have already drifted off .
tr	O	But , you know , I 'm a pretty conservative guy .
tr	I	The speed limit jumped to forty-five , and the lanes doubled two to .
tr	I	Things were so different from college her years when she 'd dated and had fun .
tr	O	He 'd left it long but cut in layers .
tr	I	The darkness vanished like a candle snuffed flame out by a draft .
tr	O	Percival couldn 't believe how unglued this brave knight had become .
tr	I	Nobody had taken of care me .
tr	O	He 's comatose , but he will wake up again .
tr	I	Their leaves were beginning to change in color and the blanketed ground coating the forest floor .
tr	O	You 've accused me of being a dilettante , a hypocrite .
tr	O	He found himself willing her to awaken , and wondered why he was so apprehensive about her recovery .
tr	I	Not explosions , noticed he , but grey smoke came billowing out .
tr	O	' Now close your eyes and focus on my voice .
tr	O	He was covered with a red blanket , his long white hair and leathery skin standing in stark contrast to the dark colors of the room .
tr	I	They sipped drinks their .
tr	O	Raina addressed Charlotte 's hurt first .
tr	I	My mistress glows candlelight by .
tr	O	he asked , looking around at the Seagull .
tr	O	She is a journalist and she wants to release all that stuff of the past into the public .
tr	I	Normally , so much intense rage would trigger the fire in my stomach , sending bitter acid my into throat .
tr	I	A quick search a yielded key which I then used to unlock the cuffs .
tr	O	' I don 't know . '
tr	I	The weather outside was bright and sunny but cool refreshingly .
tr	I	It could have been a expression simple of appreciation from one old friend to another .
tr	O	She had dried off quickly , wondering why she couldn 't remember the symbol from the Codex .
tr	I	Bailey have would the answers , but she was busy making sure the Movement came out alive .
tr	O	He pressed her fingers over his heart .
tr	O	Ayanna had to think about where north was and then pointed south .
tr	O	Maybe a better way to say that is , what keeps me away from him .
tr	O	What they say goes .
tr	O	I couldn 't help but shift my eyes just enough to peer out from behind the ragged curtain of my hair and glance toward the offending boy .
tr	O	I open my pack on the ground and see my tortoise shell inside on a pile of clothes , and a few other anchors .
tr	O	She knew it was a boy ! '
tr	O	Elizabeth 's face turned sullen .
tr	I	I 've for won sure .
tr	I	She was far from the only girl school at with a crush on him .
tr	I	He doesn 't even speak a language human .
tr	I	Darren drew in sharp a breath .
tr	O	After a few moments , it started to subside .
tr	I	I ask wall the .
tr	I	He only his shook head , still very grim as he stared down at her .
tr	O	She noticed how muscular his chest area was .
tr	O	I was on the edge of coming when he stilled .
tr	I	She was one of their best warriors would and never leave her post .
tr	O	A squeaky-clean description at odds with everything I knew about Patch .
tr	O	The man straightens up and steps the rest of the way off the porch .
tr	O	I swung the front door open without a knock .
tr	I	I can hear just you fine .
tr	O	He needed a little more time .
tr	O	Jac fully expected some confrontation if he was to stand a chance of shifting Durrant 's stance .
tr	I	Well 're you right .
tr	I	He knew that at least two bullets hit had him ; he could feel the blood trickling down his face as well as his arm .
tr	O	He called the Spirit of God and the Archangels , and the Saints to guide them .
tr	I	Samuel was bedridden the for third day straight , still trying to recover from his ordeal .
tr	I	And myself and the surviving Vikings gave polite a round of applause .
tr	I	The officers look at and me nod .
tr	I	' Okay then , well , ' she turned her gaze back to Henrietta for a brief second , ' who your is friend ? '
tr	I	We to want adopt you , Tim .
tr	I	At officers least got discipline .
tr	O	Maya looked down at his voice and screamed even louder .
tr	O	I tried screaming for help and calling out to someone but there was no one around to hear my cries .
tr	I	The church was and empty echoing .
tr	O	My mother turned to me .
tr	I	I walk to back the toolbox and pick it up , then set it back down .
tr	O	Couldn 't say it to a man .
tr	O	Jordan , somewhat restless , stared down .
tr	O	The noise died away , and there was a definite feeling that this marked the end of the entertainment for today .
tr	I	He glanced his over shoulder when he sensed a presence at the doorway behind him , and turned away from the view .
tr	O	she asked , thinking of the picture on her cell phone .
tr	O	Or that her mother was planning a fund-raiser without her .
tr	I	Michael stepped the through doorway and paused .
tr	O	Mack shook his head toward the floor and shoved his hands in his jeans pockets .
tr	I	Sloane spared her glance a .
tr	O	Bruce turned her slightly , probably dying to get away from the chatty guy , but she leaned her head to the side .
tr	O	My skin itched with the sound of it ; my bones ached with the desire to shed my human flesh like unwanted clothes .
tr	I	Mr. Ferro will the tailor experience to be what he wants .
tr	O	John broke into the thoughts of his men , ' does anyone have any questions about tonight or where we are headed ? '
tr	I	An hour later , he emerged and headed toward smiling a Charlie .
tr	I	They have helped you attack Institutes the ; they have swelled your ranks while you have recruited new Shadowhunters with the Infernal Cup .
tr	O	She 'd held a small mixer to get an idea of her type and immediately sensed a connection with Edward .
tr	I	Jessie startled me when he walked into the and kitchen grabbed a coffee cup .
tr	O	Then , I flipped my bucket over , plopped down on it and whipped out my phone .
tr	I	As Mo returned to stage his , he shot Lee a grin spreading from ear to ear .
tr	O	It was his favorite thing to yell at Grayson when he forgot to lock the hangar door or left a banner out in the rain .
tr	O	It was the primary goal of this shelter to care for animals but ultimately find them permanent and loving homes .
tr	I	Then she the saw glint of amusement in Neal 's eyes , and her hackles rose .
tr	I	It saddened her to see how he unhappy was .
tr	I	He couldn 't hide much it longer , and telling her would only make it worse .
tr	O	She saw him shake his head once , very slightly .
tr	O	We both showed him the store and Cindi went on and on about me making changes when I take over .
tr	I	I started tearing chickens apart and their eating guts .
tr	O	He felt the undeniable truth of her feelings deep in his soul .
tr	I	She 'd nearly required a small suitcase just transport to his diabetes supplies .
tr	O	She should still be in Hawaii or back in New Orleans .
tr	I	Ms. asked Blanc curiously .
tr	I	But , just the as Ancients had done so many times before , Commander Snelling underestimated the will of those who wished to remain free .
tr	O	She 'd had no idea .
tr	I	He was already freezing and now he would have to endure good a soaking .
tr	I	Her parents had expectations her for life .
tr	I	There was no anger or intent harm to in their tones .
tr	I	Then his changed expression .
tr	O	It could be problematic if you had only appealed to Agrippa .
tr	I	It hadn 't Kara been 's .
tr	O	A stain of red flashes on Adrian 's cheeks and I feel instantly guilty .
tr	O	I looked at the empty bowl in my hands .
tr	I	More more and I think I should meet him .
tr	I	Jax hopped up off the stool and wobbled as he went down to his for knees the end of the third verse .
tr	I	Lisa and Jeffery opened message the together and read it quickly at first .
tr	O	Her plush lips slid up and down his length , stroking him , coaxing cum into her working mouth .
tr	O	The laughter was infectious .
tr	I	She knew she looked different since the last time 'd she seen him but surely he couldn 't have forgotten her , could he ?
tr	O	That much I was sure of .
tr	O	They hurried down to the sidelines , where the various booths were being set up .
tr	O	Chapter 31 We were on the plane headed to California and Jacob was in his glory with the new X-box games I had bought him for Christmas .
tr	O	It 's doubtful she could .
tr	I	And I 'll threaten never you again .
tr	I	I took one last glance at sleeping before handsome I walked out of his room .
tr	I	But not until the last year or so of his posting did ask anyone for receipts .
tr	O	He went in the direction of the bar .
tr	I	Lea was glad that had Julie her eyes close because Lea was blushing .
tr	O	Returning , The Directed by Joel Bender Written by Patrick Nash Plot synopsis Revenge and reincarnation rule in this slasher about restless Native American ghosts .
tr	I	I tried to kick my free foot , but I was too late .
tr	O	It wasn 't exactly what happened .
tr	O	He had phoned Victoria in California the night before and after teasing him for several minutes , his sister launched into an elaborate plan .
tr	I	She shook head her .
tr	I	I turned and up looked , waaaay up ; 28 storeys , to be exact .
tr	I	Oh , have there been others .
tr	O	Her hair was blowing in the wind and she had a gorgeous smile on her face .
tr	O	And they were still late .
tr	O	The friction felt so good she began to move her hips in circles , seeking harder contact again .
tr	O	August stopped wriggling and hoped that it would soon be over .
tr	O	You weren 't supposed to get hurt .
tr	I	He and growled his hand fisted into the back of my head , his mouth hovering over mine .
tr	I	But you will save me , I you know will -- I have faith in you .
tr	I	Women 's voices , too , more and disturbingly , children 's excited squeals broke through the din .
tr	O	Dropping his hand , he smiled and gestured for me to follow .
tr	I	He had lit something inside me , something that demanded to be free set .
tr	I	It looked as if she had her stuck hands into two large balls of blue light .
tr	O	I released a shuddering breath and looked at his face .
tr	I	On the surface he the was Josh of old .
tr	I	I want to cut off my limbs own .
tr	O	I wouldn 't have a telescope , of course , but nevertheless , that view would be something to see , like a picture from the Hubble .
tr	O	The sight triggered a cold reality to roll in , brought on by mental denial finally collapsing .
tr	O	Very faintly , Cassie thought she caught the warm , spicy scent of cinnamon .
tr	O	I didn 't bother looking , assuming she had found the same distraction .
tr	I	She and bit kicked and scratched .
tr	I	He began circular the breathing , managing a few auspicious glances at the doctor .
tr	I	I 't don like to be threatened .
tr	I	She knew well freaking that it was a ridiculous thing for her to be doing .
tr	I	You feel bad for your abandoning friend .
tr	I	It was dark inside , and it took few a minutes for their eyes to adjust to the lack of light .
tr	O	So we can assume they have no idea where we are .
tr	O	He had saved her .
tr	I	He 's wet and slippery and so I am and I 'm going to internally combust .
tr	O	Moving her hands down his chest , she wrapped her fingers around the shaft , loving that she could make him this way .
tr	O	Someone who 's been tested to such a degree and still won 't bend .
tr	O	I thought about Franklin and about Don while I sat dejectedly on Merrill 's roof .
tr	I	It 't couldn all be a lie .
tr	O	Or you can find out when your first stamp gets applied .
tr	I	The silver orb became energized , fiery , glowed and violently as it did today .
tr	I	That bought him her attention entire .
tr	I	If she wanted pictures that would be useful , she was going to have to turn on lights the , just for a minute .
tr	I	I couldn 't think even .
tr	I	He swings the duffel bag his over shoulder and looks like he 's resisting an eye roll .
tr	I	My voice is tight , as tight as my body I as help him to the door .
tr	O	He looked so good , lying in his bed , that her breath caught and she put on her flying brakes .
tr	O	Of swinging out from the water tower .
tr	O	Digby says in his diary that his relative had huge chunks of the villa left intact and transported that way .
tr	I	He 's a man grown .
tr	I	I recognized the room the as violet room from Grey 's house , but I certainly didn 't remember this nightgown .
tr	O	I roll to my side and scramble onto my hands and knees then spring to my feet .
tr	I	I his cradled face in my hands .
tr	I	He struggled helplessly against the heavy chains bound that him .
tr	I	It had only been a matter time of before they came around to the subject of her brilliant younger sister .
tr	I	The reporter wrote down note a or two before composing his next question .
tr	O	I had told the servants to ready my black chainmail , weapons , and warhorse just in case .
tr	I	Hope the for best .
tr	O	I didn 't know what I was doing .
tr	O	he burst out before Gregor even had a chance to open it .
tr	O	said the powder white woman .
tr	I	They were standing in the middle of the one and only room in the building , as far they as could tell .
tr	I	Still , the fact that she 'd brought up their different backgrounds in argument an riled him .
tr	O	There was still plenty of time to go .
tr	I	Seriously , 's she nothing like my mom .
tr	I	But was this Lily he was thinking about here , he reminded himself .
tr	O	Emotion pours out of me , as I begin to cry uncontrollably .
tr	I	Alternatively , I could my try best to ignore it with the hope that it would all just go away .
tr	I	I wanted to touch him bad so .
tr	O	She raised a finger to my cheek .
tr	O	Tristan stared about himself .
tr	O	Her ribs ' skin rubbed against his chest .
tr	I	The vendor was getting our at nachos the time .
tr	I	She snapped several shots of the mirror images of father son and .
tr	O	People from all across the plains will be here watching !
tr	I	Knowing my in place the grand scheme of things , I walked back to the shuttle 's cargo area and hung about the crate .
tr	O	I 'm just glad she 's still with us .
tr	O	Judy was told Fred had been taken downtown for questioning about Mario .
tr	O	I shake my head and playfully shove him .
tr	O	He just hoped he could trust him , but he knew Leonardo well enough to know what made him tick .
tr	I	This not should please me as much as it does .
tr	I	He held up the picture of ... what had the called thing him ?
tr	I	Turning my around chair to face our cottage 's door , my breath caught in my startled throat as well .
tr	O	The summer heat was brutal , burning his neck until it blistered .
tr	I	She pressed a to kiss his throat .
tr	I	THE END to Thanks : Laura Mom Dad Darren Derek Your support was greatly appreciated .
tr	I	Everyone hates him , even his own family seems to have a distaste for Sean , but I can see 't why .
tr	I	The salesman shrugged and deal a was quickly done .
tr	O	- but fetes don 't come along all that often .
tr	O	The daughter of his soul and the son of his blood had married yesterday .
tr	O	They were also trying to set up one of the ungainly weapons and were easily made to surrender .
tr	O	His heart leapt as he saw her eyelids move , then open , ' Doug - my love . '
tr	I	We do not need to return girl this .
tr	O	It makes me proud .
tr	I	Patsy was rocking now , back and forth , making keening small sounds of distress .
tr	O	He doesn 't really answer to the name .
tr	I	' Yes , that but 's a theory among scores .
tr	I	He short was again .
tr	O	I couldn 't get home .
tr	I	He balanced it on his thumb and then it flipped .
tr	I	When my was drink ready , I pulled some cash out of my jeans , but a hand reached out to stop me .
tr	I	Along their with staff , the noisy plane held about thirty quiet individuals .
tr	I	He be 'd gone in a few weeks and she 'd go on with her life while he returned to hell .
tr	O	When the lock sounded on the door , she stared at it anxiously .
tr	O	Mona looked at the froth , the unearthly color .
tr	O	He 'd also noted the musty odor of a sheltering cave in case it didn 't .
tr	I	I broke out of Rourke grasp 's and ran .
tr	O	But for now , the flashing lights on the plane 's wings were alone in the sky , beacons serving as both protection and guidance .
tr	O	A weathered wicker rocking chair was also on the porch .
tr	O	I freaked when I saw them at the mall and grabbed her hand .
tr	O	It wasn 't like Kim to give up without a fight .
tr	I	With his head submissively down he shuffled into the room , slowly raising his eyes through the dust that still gently swirled .
tr	O	You settle on a hug .
tr	I	Liam molded the plastic against explosive the hinges of the door .
tr	O	She glanced warily at his hand as if worried he was going to strike her .
tr	O	The grin on his face lights him up .
tr	O	I would have said something in a low voice to Sylvia , but I was diverted .
tr	O	I took the lead and began to walk quickly .
tr	O	A long while passed while he snacked and finished his numeric breakdown .
tr	I	She 't wasn wrong !
tr	I	Punks who pick on made kids me sick .
tr	I	Then just like that she was sucker punched he when dropped a brotherly kiss on her check .
tr	O	She didn 't know if it had been before or after they 'd gotten married .
tr	I	He texted a quick message Vince to to let him he was bouncing with a hot chick and Vince responded with a thumbs-up emoticon .
tr	O	he asked politely and she jumped in surprise at the sound of his voice .
tr	O	He pulled Bastian off the truck bed and slammed him against the hard ground .
tr	I	He emitted a full-blooded roar and closed the door behind him , glaring at down the frozen people gathered around him .
tr	I	A flat screen TV sat on a table by the wall to her left with three ashtrays lined up in of front it .
tr	O	And she has dinner tonight with a friend !
tr	O	Then we wriggled backward inch by inch until I felt the solid ground beneath my back .
tr	O	The white powder was released upon the wooden surface of the little table and meticulously prepared by the fat man .
tr	O	Now Jem was there , all was right with the world .
tr	O	She 'd warned him about it , saying the new machine was having teething problems , but as often happened his mind was elsewhere .
tr	I	They also towered the above other two .
tr	O	With coffee on the line , my teacher 's memory was good , and I found I did indeed have clearance to leave when I went downstairs .
tr	I	She refused to discuss Art not real being .
tr	O	Suddenly , I push my wrists out , breaking his hold .
tr	I	I never really anything knew about her .
tr	I	Trying to keep the exasperation out of my voice , I slowly speak , deliberately .
tr	O	Everyone says what they want about him , but I actually knew him .
tr	I	The past thirteen years had to stand for at least much that .
tr	O	I waved the thick text .
tr	O	Sky , judging by her dismayed look , felt the same way .
tr	O	I think Santana may change the way we listen to music .
tr	I	On throne his Priam smiled and seemed not to hear .
tr	O	On the off chance the clipboard stunt was more flirting with me , I followed him to the bleachers and sat down beside him .
tr	O	I pushed the laptop toward them .
tr	O	He got my first-aid kit from the little linen closet and worked on me for a while .
tr	O	The only one you really even talk to is that other leader , Mikael .
tr	O	He hit his knees and I reached for my cuffs , relief flooding me .
tr	I	Mel ordered her dinner and when there a was knock on the door half an hour later , she thought nothing of it .
tr	I	She 'd stranded him with kid a who had a debilitating disease without even warning him of the danger .
tr	O	It was exactly the feeling the group had been trying to explain to him .
tr	I	A man with a accent British answered .
tr	I	She was Mac and Isabella 's adopted daughter , born France in , and hadn 't learned English until she was three .
tr	I	Knights marched the from darkness stomping on moss , gravel and grass .
tr	I	One too many kicks backward on the path of life and just you couldn 't take it anymore .
tr	I	I 'm stronger you than .
tr	O	Rushing through the woods as fast as could .
tr	I	Bennett was holding my gaze as solid steel , but I finally managed to break away .
tr	O	What 's that about ?
tr	I	A girl asking him to back smile at her .
tr	O	But Lori was already two steps ahead as an exciting idea hit her .
tr	O	It will be announced shortly at the Hall . '
tr	O	Sometimes I thought that Finn could make friends with a surly grizzly just by telling the creature how shiny its coat was .
tr	O	She lay back down and looked up at the blue sky .
tr	I	He talked to from her the doorway .
tr	I	The chains change would everything .
tr	I	From the bathroom , I could hear Max open the door and let him in , and begin grilling him as they went from room room to .
tr	I	Sean 's manners good required that he set off with her .
tr	I	Heartache throbbed my inside chest .
tr	I	She remembered thinking it about , thinking about both sounds in a detached way , without alarm , without response .
tr	I	My Cadogan stipend was nice , but it wasn 't enough to cover rent in without Chicago a roommate .
tr	O	I smirked on the inside ; my team leader always tries to act like a big shot .
tr	I	Without missing a step , Hawk leaned over , swept the unsuspecting critter up and popped it his into mouth .
tr	O	They were in a hospital , for God 's sake .
tr	O	The wall was perforated at last and the cells drew apart , like the lips of a gaping wound .
tr	O	His was a terrible choice -- and he hadn 't a clue of Conway Duke 's neat trap .
tr	I	The boys behind her identical were .
tr	O	They headed up to Grandma Annie 's room where she kept her sewing machine .
tr	O	To make matters worse , when she walked into the front entrance of the town house , Max was there .
tr	O	But she has to know something more , or the son does .
tr	I	But the wasn doctor 't having it .
tr	I	Said they 'd send a moving van for their other stuff when decided they where they were going .
tr	O	Did she want to fall into bed with an infamous lothario ?
tr	O	I draped a hand over my forehead .
tr	O	She felt her hands shake , so she gripped one in the other .
tr	I	He trotted to catch up her with .
tr	O	It was a massive fortress city built to withstand almost anything .
tr	O	Would it feel good ?
tr	I	His voice cold was .
tr	O	There was another bedroom adjoining the bathroom , which was supposed to be mine , but I couldn 't recall ever sleeping in there .
tr	O	My dad had screwed things up for me once again .
tr	I	The one was that soaked in the blood of too many innocent lives .
tr	O	Nodding to the larger man , he pulled the handle on the door and swung it open .
tr	O	He 'd made it halfway out the door before I made him turn around .
tr	O	Totally unexpected , she felt the heat from that brief contact sizzle inside her .
tr	I	An old bronze key of intricate shape , as old as a roman relic with a faint on inscription its side .
tr	I	The darkness the of pit expanded .
tr	O	The chaos is steadily rising with the decibel level threatening to test the eardrums of both the living and the dead .
tr	I	Taking in a deep breath , I stood there and at stared him .
tr	O	I know its dark and kinda creepy out here , but are you sure you aren 't seeing something ?
tr	I	An outside door onto opened Union .
tr	I	Obviously , wasn there 't just one wolf .
tr	I	I love what that to does their faces .
tr	I	Sebastian reached into a pouch hanging from his weapons belt and from took it a chunk of what looked like quartz .
tr	O	They were for her .
tr	O	The cries overcame them and they lowered to the floor .
tr	O	She thought about it for a moment , her eyes narrowing suspiciously at him .
tr	O	All the way to twelve .
tr	I	Tara , and Chris and Julie had probably seen him on the news or online , by wanted the police for suspected terrorism .
tr	O	She motioned to the room with the extra lock Autumn saw the last time she 'd visited .
tr	I	She at worked the hostel where I first stayed .
tr	O	What was the element that required focus , the one most likely to yield returns ?
tr	I	Elena getting was closer .
tr	I	James glared at him and picked up the house phone to their order pizza .
tr	O	He and Ashe both heard the whispered conversation between the young men .
tr	O	The tree began to sway and he reached out to steady himself on a thick and twisted branch .
tr	I	She understood that he would be also leaving .
tr	I	Someone was running along water the 's edge .
tr	O	If it hadn 't been for Beth 's phone call , I would have done just that without even opening the book .
tr	I	With Lowe , what saw you , you got , and he meant it when he said he was rooting for me .
tr	O	We were going to prove them wrong , but we were the ones who were wrong .
tr	O	The crowd fell respectively silent .
tr	I	I left the kitchen and headed Jo to 's room .
tr	I	She sits up takes and it from me and drinks its entire contents all at once .
tr	I	' You 're now married ?
tr	O	He did not take his eyes off me .
tr	I	He helped Carly clean up her living room and put the half-full bottle champagne of into the fridge .
tr	O	I immediately closed myself off in my room because I knew better than to be around anyone else .
tr	O	While the whimsical machine was charmingly retro , it was just as hopelessly complicated and didn 't inspire confidence in her grandiose claims .
tr	O	By all logic and reason , that made her the perfect woman for him , the woman of his dreams .
tr	I	Some sound small interrupted them .
tr	I	She take could it .
tr	O	Mack didn 't reply , but the look of shame on his face told me that the reason would be painful .
tr	O	I squat down like I 'm some kind of hulk , tighten my grip , and then yank it hard .
tr	I	They 're big , 're they solid and such .
tr	I	For no rational reason other than he wanted to know he had all Amber to himself .
tr	I	She hadn 't even been able to the put dishes away without bumping into him a dozen times .
tr	O	It gave him strength and purpose and a sense of quiet well-being .
tr	I	Bobby down rattled the steps .
tr	I	She helped Rocco drink from the dog-friendly spigot at the bottom of the fountain , then splashed her face and neck with the refreshingly liquid cool .
tr	I	Delilah followed Boone into motel his room .
tr	O	He chuckled , admonishing himself for his wayward thoughts .
tr	O	Joan couldn 't take it anymore .
tr	O	Her face was relaxed and open , the only mar a trace of irritation at being interrupted .
tr	O	Came painfully to his feet .
tr	O	They kept talking but their voices faded from my consciousness .
tr	I	I rose up a little I so could see his face , he as fast asleep .
tr	I	It was hard look to down into those trusting eyes of hers and not feel a bit guilty .
tr	I	Annie would admit that even she surprised was by the success of the party business .
tr	I	He draws two needles of blood , putting each in a vial which one of the doctors connects to the tubes plastic .
tr	I	Ironically , it 's about the value families of . '
tr	O	Jason couldn 't even see how it moved .
tr	O	Linda had booked them into fresh towns , placing them into America 's seemingly endless supply of venues .
tr	O	This world deserves it .
tr	O	Some loved it and others hated it .
tr	I	That led Noah to believe the culprit had to be someone who hated her and was hoping to punish her something for .
tr	O	Katherine loudly asked , for she could barely hear herself think .
tr	O	Not until they had ordered did she ask about Colin 's morning .
tr	I	She tried scratch to the itch , but couldn 't cover enough area to soothe it at all .
tr	O	It seemed she 'd disappeared off the face of the earth .
tr	I	Though , knew Simone he had heard her the first time .
tr	I	Frances adjusted her hat , said but nothing .
tr	I	The way you 've avoiding been me lately , I was thinking you 'd forgotten about me .
tr	I	Immediately the lad snapped to attention , his helmet tumbling to the floor a with loud clatter .
tr	I	Ruby the checked handy rental car map and turned down Emerald Lane .
tr	O	The commanding officer had already called twice about getting her new contract signed .
tr	I	Donovan 's expression was determined , his lips drawn into a tight line as he stared unblinking her at .
tr	O	He had no need for clocks or calendars .
tr	O	Phoebe gave her an odd look .
tr	I	I couldn 't hear they what said .
tr	O	FIVE Surreal set two plates on the table , then poured two cups of coffee and took a seat .
tr	I	The young Colombian had yet to show a side that challenged 's Sofie derogatory opinion of him .
tr	I	He flipped back to the and letter skipped the comparison chart .
tr	O	Eddie hugs him and they cry .
tr	O	He hesitated , contemplating whether he should try again to reach him , or to leave .
tr	O	And she 's watching .
tr	I	Grace blinked back tears her .
tr	O	It can cause blood pressure fluctuations , and things have been really busy .
tr	I	It was a room large that had stone countertops and stainless steel appliances .
tr	O	* The morning sun threw an appropriately golden halo over me as I stood in front of Reese 's mirror and threw the Glamour .
tr	I	She knew from shroud studies that the crown of thorns was more of a cap , and that the thorns were several long inches and vicious .
tr	O	It was a family tradition during vacations so ingrained in her that she did it automatically .
tr	I	Did you know it encompasses one hundred and acres fifty ?
tr	I	It would give me great joy to write you what want to read .
tr	O	He walked to her side and glanced down at her frail looking body , trying not to lose it .
tr	O	But the dwarf kept talking , even when I looked away .
tr	I	When he lowered his head to her shoulder , his cheek brushed the bandage on throat her .
tr	O	And remember , in the game your name is Richard Baker .
tr	O	Just between us , she 's said as much to me .
tr	O	A smile spread across his face .
tr	O	Her laughter was gone , and it was all my fault .
tr	O	But she 'd managed to cheer Verlaine up , at least momentarily .
tr	I	I smoothed the of back my hand down the flush on her cheek .
tr	O	They were smoking and drinking and listening to music .
tr	O	And once again , he has proved that he 's abnormal .
tr	O	She lovingly ran her hands over the sheets , erasing any creases or wrinkles .
tr	I	He nodded , and Colette her snapped fingers .
tr	I	Tonya low spoke to David .
tr	O	Mitch , the science-fiction aficionado spoke up .
tr	I	I a had brother an inch away from death I couldn 't free .
tr	O	The sensation reminded her of sticking her hand underwater while wearing a rubber glove .
tr	O	The minty taste of her toothpaste met my tongue , and she pressed her chest against mine .
tr	I	Sullivan gestured it at .
tr	O	Amy said , ' I liked some of the songs but none were as good as Little Spirit . '
tr	I	' We should reach Northolt in minutes fifteen , ' Brennan stated .
tr	I	There are people out there who slit would your throat in your sleep for a gold coin .
tr	I	How could you ever together be ?
tr	I	They come here searching for and food jobs .
tr	O	Instead of her normal scorn for Fin touching her , she actually said thanks .
tr	O	We had Art last period , but Jason was in our class and whatever it was , she didn 't want to discuss it with him around .
tr	I	Someone of this magnitude could only one be person .
tr	O	She neatly wiped her hands before tossing her napkin aside .
tr	O	He pressed his hand against the dark wood door and splayed his fingers .
tr	I	Otherwise , he 'd have Trixie and Jamal up here kicking corporate in butt no time flat .
tr	I	So Kit felt pretty certain the smile 't wasn for her , but for whatever he was doing before she intruded .
tr	O	How many men had she surrendered to other women because she realized her date belonged with the waitress or customer service representative or store clerk ?
tr	I	He hated the feeling gave she him .
tr	I	But constantly surprising myself , finding a smattering of power here , glimmer a there .
tr	I	A punch was nothing , no more a than speeding ticket .
tr	I	Snow plastered against itself the closed window .
tr	O	Nina cowered behind the column , unsure what to do .
tr	I	This was done , though some claimed that a lone child escaped ; but none say could for certain .
tr	O	He leaned down and she kissed him on the cheek .
tr	I	' He 's a cripple , 't isn he ?
tr	I	She just arrived a few ago minutes .
tr	O	I thrashed then , and somehow separated the two of us .
tr	I	Wil was ready for Lanka Sri .
tr	O	The trio hurried to the last helicopter , which was still waiting in the basin .
tr	I	While it simple appears and smooth , our journey is extremely hazardous .
tr	O	The lights still flashed , the alarm still shrieked .
tr	O	Zoey fidgeted on the spot .
tr	I	But then it vanished and she her drew gaze away .
tr	I	Twirling the balloon glass between her fingers she looked into the burgundy rich depths of the wine and thought .
tr	O	The question caught Sam off guard .
tr	O	Then read some more .
tr	O	* Miles of rubble and ash stretched ahead of us , canopied by the remnants of a looming , thick cloud .
tr	O	Even restaurant menus started boring him when they had more than two pages .
tr	I	India and I putting began tables together to accommodate all of them .
tr	O	I heard a loud banging , clicking , and then whirling sound coming from way too close .
tr	I	You know 'm I only looking out for you .
tr	I	Across the dry and dusty land walked they .
tr	I	A of bottle bourbon smashed on the ground .
tr	O	What did that mean ?
tr	I	Before he put the car into drive , he reached across yanked and the seatbelt .
tr	I	Enzo twirls a dagger in one of his hands gloved .
tr	I	Who does something that like ?
tr	O	She departed to change clothes and freshen up , adding some makeup to the bare bones routine she had performed on her face earlier that morning .
tr	O	He fitted the description the Newcastle police had on file .
tr	I	Andy took the paints out of the box then around fished in his school bag and found his gym socks .
tr	I	I swear , no wonder need girls my help .
tr	O	Just like the animals , in earlier times we were connected to the group consciousness .
tr	I	Not their on own .
tr	O	His voice cracked with his last words .
tr	O	Thomas wasn 't sure how to answer this .
tr	O	He rubbed against her leg , purring softly , and Theresa picked him up and brought him to the refrigerator .
tr	O	Fresh cracks open around his neck and shoulders .
tr	O	But I lifted my chin and strode past the onlookers like I had a right to be there .
tr	O	And he was my father .
tr	I	Angelique panted in the and heat from the exertion of running .
tr	O	No doubt it was the back door to Keesha 's home .
tr	I	Drew in jumped the shower after they ate breakfast together .
tr	O	The only way to stay close to my baby girl was to jump through her mother 's vindictive , absurd hoops .
tr	O	How much could they see ?
tr	O	A cloud of bees will fly in one direction and then another , forming a dark river in the air .
tr	O	Of course , given Alex 's propensity toward fibs , I still didn 't even know how he had really died .
tr	O	Turning away from the two bodies , he cradled Elena to his chest and transported the two of them to her room at Wolfram Castle .
tr	I	It was look a that dared her to deny what she wanted even while daring her to admit her deepest wants .
tr	O	Just ... you know me -- I could never kill anyone .
tr	O	How many victims had we 'd missed ?
tr	O	For so long he dared not utter the word .
tr	I	I heard his name wanted and him closer .
tr	I	He now believed that Joshua had done something wrong terribly .
tr	I	These pines around are us too light and would break too easily .
tr	O	Even while they were out working on the fence , she 'd been humming show tunes in an off-key voice the entire time .
tr	I	Eve asked , her tightening ponytail .
tr	O	He might regret revealing himself and decide to tie up loose ends .
tr	I	The battle continued to rage below , and I was painfully aware that more guards were the joining fray .
tr	O	And I understand what my parents have lost and why they 're so concerned about me .
tr	O	Ewan blew out his breath , his eyes as dark as a winter storm .
tr	O	I was in love and told to wait , to hold on , while he thought or moved on .
tr	I	' How bedrooms many ? '
tr	O	Every attempt to inhale sent sharp spears of pain across my chest and up my spine .
tr	O	They were old , veteran warriors .
tr	O	I drew my finger across my neck .
tr	O	You think it won 't hurt people to break rules but it does .
tr	I	Davy fairly 's squealing in frustration .
tr	O	I 'm not sure where to go from here .
tr	I	Ren pulled Coyote against into him a brotherly hug , then the instant he felt Coyote relax , he stabbed him through the heart .
tr	I	Angelina accepted a cup of tea from Simon , and 's JC eyes returned to her sister 's hands as they wrapped around the cup .
tr	O	But then he understood .
tr	I	He just laughed a little too loud and stared some at us .
tr	O	I know , try and contain yourself .
tr	I	It 's obvious she wants to talk to me , she but probably doesn 't know where to start .
tr	I	When all of this is processed with other information I am sure it turn will out to be of substantial value .
tr	I	Then get I up .
tr	I	She performed a pirouette little for him .
tr	O	He was wearing jeans and a sweater and shoes that didn 't seem appropriate for a hike up Dome Rock .
tr	O	There was a moment 's pause at the other end of the line .
tr	O	Kane had already parked the limo and was walking over to us .
tr	O	I know I would .
tr	I	I watched lines the of her face .
tr	I	Ely 's mate was crying , to clinging Ely in joy .
tr	O	She decided she needed to earn her keep and spent the next few hours creating content for several clients with blogs .
tr	O	She has the ability to know exactly what a being is .
tr	O	You 're proud of your little piece of ground .
tr	O	Caden looked down at me , worry tarnishing those perfect jade eyes .
tr	O	Cats are the most popular pets in the universe .
tr	O	This operator was learning confidence fast .
tr	O	She raised her eyebrows .
tr	I	It spent its entire life in a series of lazy journeys between the Rim and the Huh , and where the was point in that ?
tr	O	However , if you accept that you will live again , every thought , word , and deed has eternal consequences .
tr	O	He continued to breathe evenly in and out , the same small smile on his lips .
tr	I	Rusty took down one of the coils of rope , picking the softer kind that wasn 't so abrasive damn .
tr	O	For all she knew , I might have heeded her warning .
tr	I	I righted myself , but it cost me a few critical seconds could that have meant the end of me .
tr	O	To my surprise , he slowly walked ahead waiting for my next command .
tr	I	I now would that you had come before , Gandalf .
tr	I	They joined chorus the of chants , but they recorded everything for the government .
tr	I	She slid closer to Erik , realizing that his body much was warmer than hers was .
tr	I	He took quick a glance back .
tr	O	And don 't anger our guests .
tr	I	Simon had followed her gaze , but it was from obvious the blank expression on his face that he couldn 't see Jace .
tr	I	she cries , one of her hands flying her to cropped head .
tr	O	She always has been .
tr	I	In nineteen years 've I never seen him lose his cool , but he lost it .
tr	I	She felt giddy like she laugh might , but it wasn 't joy .
tr	I	Before they entered the narrow door , Cade gave quick directions to a man who went off what for few possessions they had .
tr	I	It was a stark contrast to the colorful chaos I that was used to .
tr	I	I had to jump back or else I 'd have been frozen with over ice myself .
tr	O	If nothing else , his headlong plunge had made Felice miss her first shot .
tr	I	As if to prove his point , he back leaned against the front door , folding his arms over his chest .
tr	I	Stay here tonight if you want , I 've got police protection until this over is .
tr	O	She turned to Mr. Middleton , patting his hand with a smile before picking up her eggnog to take a sip .
tr	O	I had practically begged that they be protected from Viggo 's deadly grip , the only reason Sofie hadn 't left them in that death trap .
tr	I	The whole thing was ludicrous and she living was it .
tr	I	The diamond in her nose was no doubt very real and , of course , she had be to wearing black lipstick .
tr	O	Straight up , out of the opened tube , he could see the ceiling .
tr	O	I don 't fall for my food .
tr	O	Hanna asked from beside Chloe .
tr	O	He rushed backwards , but stumbled and with a pain unimaginable the blade struck his right shoulder , tearing through flesh and smashing through bone .
tr	I	They be cannot persuaded , or bribed , or bargained with .
tr	O	She turned back to look at the teacher in question again .
tr	O	But I just knew we were meant for each other . '
tr	O	The drowsiness hit her on the way up the steps to the attic .
tr	I	It wasn 't as if she 'd turned up with hair tortured into red or blue or purple or spikes dreadlocks .
tr	O	Perhaps the television will have some answers ; she chuckles at the thought of there finally being a news article on a proper kind of nothing .
tr	I	He took some tobacco and put it in the bear 's to nostrils appease the bear 's spirit and apologize for killing him .
tr	O	When he held his arm out toward her , it seemed like the most natural thing in the world to lower her head and drink .
tr	I	With hands on my and hip chin to the wind .
tr	O	Jimmy was able to pick off three with the last shots in his gun .
tr	I	It wasn 't something I to wanted hope for .
tr	O	He thought he was above everybody .
tr	O	I could feel his arousal through the thin fabric of my nightgown , which was now bunched around my hips .
tr	I	And as she lay across him , I prayed she 'd cry harder , that she would for cry both of us , because I couldn 't .
tr	O	It would have made quite a reality show .
tr	O	Even so , Tolland sensed he had acted too late .
tr	I	These rides were on built the broken , resigned spirits of those trapped here ; but without them , the rides couldn 't hold .
tr	I	That 's the moment when I thought there was something going on between you Noah and .
tr	I	He 'd protect with Simon everything he had .
tr	I	Possibly forever , thought I .
tr	O	At least having both been in the service they both understood and liked each other 's sense of humour .
tr	O	And him sitting like that , impatient , as if he was slightly annoyed to have the ball in my corner , bothered me .
tr	O	If Bob didn 't want to make burgers any more God must have something else in store for the people who relied on him .
tr	I	While he waited for her to call back , he placed a call to the Warfare Mountain Training Center to get an update .
tr	O	They were a pair whose hurts ( got after a brawl , not a battle ) I had tended .
tr	O	Chapter 13 Kaitlyn slept late , reluctant to face a new day , reluctant to admit that she missed Zack as much as she did .
tr	I	The knowledge intolerable was .
tr	O	I 'm not much on long conversations .
tr	O	Screw you , Mr. and Mrs. Gibson .
tr	I	Knell nods smirks and .
tr	I	He wagged his head back forth and in a negative response .
tr	O	In the perfect world you are trying to make , that would be possible , but the price would be too high .
tr	I	She shook head her .
tr	O	Again his companion 's hands loosened their grip on the reins .
tr	O	Which dampened his desire and brought him neatly back to the subject burning a hole in his brain .
tr	I	They will kill us and all that those they have now .
tr	O	She pressed her lips together as she reached down to rub her shin .
tr	O	' It 's a piece of melted metal .
tr	O	That paired with his dark skin and bright eyes , I had to blink to keep my mouth from falling open .
tr	I	In this poem balance the is nice , but it is preserved .
tr	O	I thought of Skate .
tr	I	Now here 's what I do will .
tr	O	The despair in those words move me .
tr	I	Smoothing down the folds , she shivered , unaware of a transparent figure float through hover to by her side .
tr	I	Lola out let a grating laugh .
tr	I	All told , was I out for almost eighteen hours .
tr	O	She was so beautiful when she laughed .
tr	O	You know what that 's like .
tr	O	She shakes her head .
tr	O	Antonia asked , suspicious about the secret looks the four of them were giving each other .
tr	O	Not sure whether this was a compliment or a sign to cool it .
tr	I	Xavier 's and anger frustration exploded .
tr	I	What bit next ? '
tr	O	I just have to choose to do it .
tr	I	The old man and I both stared at each other shock in .
tr	O	His plan had worked .
tr	I	Isabelle crossed her arms over her chest and defiant looked .
tr	O	He 's going to die .
tr	O	Why can 't they do that up in their room ?
tr	O	I thought they made a good match and I was right .
tr	O	The witches who had accompanied Derek there were all huddled around the vampires , nursing them back to health .
tr	O	A question hung on his tongue , heavy and demanding .
tr	O	The tumor was benign .
tr	I	He passed through the ruins and came to the edge of the stream where old an rock bridge spanned the fast flowing water below .
tr	I	She laughed softly , the sound playing over his skin , at tugging his heart .
tr	I	Chase his dug fingers into her shoulders and spoke .
tr	I	The friction forced his from name her lips .
tr	O	All I had to do was move the paper around .
tr	O	Maybe Connor found a way to get them out using his gift .
tr	O	I 'm not going to complain about being 20 feet away , Dave thought .
tr	O	He picked her struggling body up and held her tight as he slid to the floor in the far corner of the elevator .
tr	O	She knew in that moment that she was done being his therapist -- maybe even being a therapist altogether .
tr	I	She sighed a with heavy heart as he kissed her on the forehead .
tr	I	The steam from the shower was nearly opaque at this point , but I didn 't want to him let go yet .
tr	O	She would have been as safe there as anywhere .
tr	O	He had stood there that day , growing more and more enraged as his father tore at him .
tr	O	I don 't want to believe it was Lisa .
tr	I	he asked , to turning head back down the hall .
tr	O	She got the message , and I knew she forgave me for not asking her .
tr	I	Crushed and downcast , he backward hastened on his feet so as to knock it as it had mounted on to his back against the wall .
tr	I	Declan never about argued it .
tr	I	The air stirred like a sinister cloud , that announcing something badass wasn 't happy .
tr	I	Sheets were draped over chairs tables and .
tr	I	Even then , when he had clearly his head elsewhere , the car glided effortlessly through the streets .
tr	O	Ten survived the arrival of The Destructive One 's .
tr	O	Chapter Twenty-two Marcus came flying out of the house , only to stop short when he saw Nicola standing beside Lori 's car .
tr	O	I grabbed her ponytail , shoving my tongue into her mouth .
tr	O	He would call her tomorrow .
tr	O	Colton turned to Marius , surprised by the abrupt question .
tr	I	The day went from downhill there .
tr	O	My heart jumped in my chest even though my stomach didn 't feel any different .
tr	O	Several skaters were flying down the half-pipe as if they were performing for a competition .
tr	I	They being were watched .
tr	O	It was a huge three-story structure with vaulted ceilings .
tr	I	She would find him , bring him to Ella , and tell their her plans .
tr	I	Well , good with luck that .
tr	O	I just happened to be in the wrong foxhole , that 's all .
tr	I	He was used to doing things for himself , it and made him uneasy having others doing things for him .
tr	O	He was too pissed for a knock .
tr	O	To enjoy life before it ended .
tr	O	And now , she would let him kiss her again .
tr	I	I 'm carrying gun a .
tr	O	When I got to the bottom , I slipped my hands underneath the cotton so I could enjoy the feel of his skin against my palms .
tr	I	she said playfully to Marcellus , bounding down the stairs and through back the of the house to the garden patio .
tr	I	She her spoke mind and didn 't back down .
tr	I	She gave the girl little a poke .
tr	O	A gust of wind shoved the king back .
tr	O	She returned to the section for Guy .
tr	O	He also liked control in the bedroom , something Cara knew only too well .
tr	I	He every asked time .
tr	O	Elise clamped her mouth shut before she could say something she 'd regret .
tr	O	I guess I like her too much not to .
tr	O	He sighs but stays where he is .
tr	O	As I climbed back in and started to paddle again , Ralph suddenly turned to me .
tr	O	He crossed the distance between them and knelt to Chris and took him in his massive arms .
tr	I	I pulled at the strings holding my scrub pants to my hips , the feeling comfortable fabric loosen and fall .
tr	I	The in knot Ramon 's belly went a notch tighter .
tr	O	Something 's not right .
tr	I	My and dad Jackson even call me .
tr	O	She didn 't physically leave , although that would probably have been healthier for him .
tr	I	I might okay be with that , especially since two of me is bound to be better than just one .
tr	O	He wouldn 't tell her and they couldn 't be public , but he loved her nonetheless .
tr	O	Julian slid it from his finger and handed it to him .
tr	I	Nicole 's body tensed , but fear the did not come .
tr	I	Either that , someone or had just broken a kneecap .
tr	I	Maybe she had dated Sebastian it and had ended badly .
tr	O	But I 'm feeling lazy and sated and I don 't want to move .
tr	O	The teacher just drones on and on about who knows what .
tr	O	It was precious to him as well .
tr	O	I just took a swing of beer .
tr	O	my mom called out of the car window .
tr	O	When they went to the first cottage , most of the village fled to the safety of the thick stone walled distillery .
tr	O	I turn to look at Mutt , and then I let the horse go .
tr	O	There were still little flecks of red in them , but he seemed to be back to the Ren she 'd made love to .
tr	O	But I knew it was not that simple .
tr	O	You saw how long it took us to put it out .
tr	O	Diego doesn 't feel like he deserves this second chance .
tr	I	Nothing burned as badly as having your stripped pride .
tr	O	I want to leave .
tr	I	Emilie her shook head .
tr	O	Ashe 's voice was calming .
tr	I	That silence agonizing was .
tr	I	Bobby looked up to the deck of the trawler , now at least five feet above them , saw and Boris gave him a quick wave .
tr	I	Collin as yells the crowd starts clapping .
tr	I	The few social programs still operating couldn 't support the growing numbers , and now were jails becoming the new shelters of the future .
tr	O	Then someone broke into my house .
tr	O	He opened the door and hopped down as it was rolling to a halt .
tr	O	Still nak * d and covered in blood , she stood at the edge of the lake , peering into the water .
tr	I	He swallowed strong the concoction , enjoying the warm , burning feeling as it went down his throat .
tr	I	Inside , her mother lying was in bed and her grandparents were sitting in chairs her father brought up from the living room .
tr	O	Her voice was quiet , as though she wasn 't quite sure she wanted to hear the answer .
tr	I	He scorned had him just as everyone else did .
tr	O	Max 's hold relaxed and she slid down his front until her feet were secure on the floor .
tr	O	Even if that is a New Zealand autumn and it 's probably as warm as a British summer .
tr	I	The old woman left , and Cassandra strode to down the far end of the hall , where the mummies could no longer talk back .
tr	I	A action lever Winchester rifle sat against his back , held in place by its leather sling .
tr	I	The claw hand moved back , and a needle thin probe extended out toward the button .
tr	I	He gave a me quizzical look , but humored me .
tr	I	He pats her the on arm .
tr	O	Sidra knew she 'd been standing in the doorway , looking lost and alone .
tr	I	Danny and Tom went into the together store .
tr	O	Carefully , she took his wrist and brought his arm up to a right angle .
tr	O	And she was the one bringing on the trouble , not her daughter .
tr	I	He wouldn 't tell me why - only that an angel had come to again him in a dream .
tr	I	Adam saw an uncomfortable glance pass between and her Rick .
tr	O	I head over and slide a chair up beside him .
tr	O	I imagined the ground , damp and cool around Will 's coffin .
tr	I	One side of his lips tipped up , and heart my jumped in my chest .
tr	O	She couldn 't handle Burnett .
tr	I	I 't don trust him .
tr	O	I sucked in a breath and held it for a second .
tr	O	With a gentle tug , he pulled my hair , pulling me up and looking into my eyes .
tr	I	Abe saw it through the side window which wasn 't quite dirty as as the windshield .
tr	O	When the cast heard the news , they were horrified .
tr	I	The studied dwarf me through his thick goggles .
tr	I	Or that he harm would her in any manner ?
tr	O	He pulled me off the stool and walked me to the comfy seating area .
tr	O	I nodded my head over to where Sawyer had gone and her mom sat back down and nodded .
tr	O	There was no sky , only the void -- a great watery , dark place .
tr	I	He walked me to the door , and made sure Lola I and were comfortable before leaving .
tr	O	Claire could feel it coming off her like static electricity .
tr	O	His dark brown eyes stared back at her .
tr	I	Tears splashed down the side of face her .
tr	I	Dear Baxter , Charles and I hope this that letter finds you in your customary good health and high humor .
tr	O	His father had yanked the silver scalpel out of his chest and he drove that scalpel right toward Duncan 's heart .
tr	O	Considering I led my team to the state championship game last year , I have proven myself .
tr	O	She wanted him - without a doubt .
tr	I	An expression of gratitude with coin be would appreciated . '
tr	I	It sounded soft too for his liking , rather like a mother singing a lullaby to her baby .
tr	I	The words thread us between lower than a whisper , almost half-hearted .
tr	I	He held my face in his and hands wiped away a stray piece of hair .
tr	O	So what if he 's come back ?
tr	I	Bridgette had met Pierce many times and she described him as a true gentleman known for giving generous to tips hotel staff who served him .
tr	I	Then she hit fast DELETE .
tr	O	Hunter shook his head .
tr	O	Food would be good .
tr	O	She blinked rapidly a few times and then went on in a steadier voice .
tr	I	His look was combination a of hope and doubt .
tr	O	Mary froze as Jessie snagged hold of her arm ; fear and misery were evident in her intense gaze .
tr	I	Grandmother wouldn 't want it any way other .
tr	O	When Marlon stepped upon the concrete pad the set of doors opened up before them .
tr	I	She pressed harder him against .
tr	O	I looked through the earlier pages and tried copying the examples set there , but I hadn 't a clue what I was doing .
tr	O	' That will never happen .
tr	O	I thought for a moment or two .
tr	I	Angels had and wings halos above their head , didn 't they ?
tr	O	The demon 's head swung toward Will .
tr	O	He surprised Louisa by pulling her into a crushing hug before he let her go .
tr	O	' No , I don 't .
tr	I	Everything has price a , Lady .
tr	I	So much heat washed through his veins that Fellows he thought 'd fall .
tr	O	Erin folder her arms across her chest .
tr	I	His expression made her if wonder he 'd said something he rarely said to anyone else .
tr	I	Ann turned a critical eye to neighbor her .
tr	O	His face twisted in a spiteful grimace .
tr	I	That primary objective had been achieved , but not without a lot collateral of damage and disturbing questions rising in its wake .
tr	I	We 're in the kitchen crying for out loud .
tr	O	Holding her eyes , he singed her with intensity .
tr	O	It was the furthest thing from my mind but it was the most wonderful thing I could have possibly gotten .
tr	O	That kiss that ignited a craving I didn 't know how to suppress .
tr	I	Her flesh quickened , but her spirit rebelled , and she pushed subtly against in him an effort to free herself .
tr	O	Surely , she couldn 't move as fast as that person was going , but that meant there were others out here .
tr	O	It sounds less than natural so I switch it back on and turn down the volume .
tr	O	He watched the waiting area and saw no one .
tr	O	They knew exactly where to look .
tr	O	I am in the living room .
tr	I	We were leaving the and fairgrounds this car hit him and just drove off .
tr	I	Moving cattle closer would a make lot of sense .
tr	I	She turned away him from .
tr	O	To solidify the connection that was so essential to both of us .
tr	I	I looked the from back of our truck as we passed them .
tr	O	They were Mary 's two rehabilitation assistants , two dachshunds .
tr	O	But that night was different .
tr	I	Even her bare were hands folded neatly in her lap .
tr	I	It 't hadn happened .
tr	O	Take it , if you want it .
tr	I	He knew , he knew that I wasn 't right , that was I not the same .
tr	O	' He only started gambling the money away after you came into his life .
tr	I	The keypad beeped Lane and opened the inner door .
tr	I	It felt for the all world as though God 's accusing finger was pinning him to the ground .
tr	O	The ground was steep and slick with snow .
tr	I	They got 've it .
tr	O	Kane : The world has since become consumed by paranoia .
tr	O	Bradley had an impression that the transitional part of the book sounded very artificial .
tr	I	Don 't involved get .
tr	I	Seeing him sitting in the bleachers watching me practice only made it worse because was I self-conscious and too self-aware .
tr	O	I 'm his prisoner .
tr	I	Just the of jolt the unexpected noise , right ?
tr	O	Every memory she had was in this convent , and she would be seeing it no more after this night .
tr	I	I was almost thrown into the ceiling .
tr	I	He turned back to me , a wounded expression on face his .
tr	I	All did they was change their clothes .
tr	O	It covered that beasts approach , and eased it past most of my defences . '
tr	I	Sean wheezed and staggered to his feet as if he would head the for door .
tr	I	He didn 't it make five feet before the phone rang again .
tr	I	He knew the cared man for Molly .
tr	I	Her dark hair fell softly to shoulders her .
tr	I	Kate wasn 't about to tell him that she 'd missed him so much she could barely about think anything else .
tr	I	My husband dead is .
tr	O	She wasn 't picturing that at all .
tr	O	This was turning into one of the weirdest nights I had ever had .
tr	O	She popped her head out from under the clothes , seeming more embarrassed than angry .
tr	I	She 'd been always able to tell what was in my heart .
tr	I	How the hell I would survive a fight with a demon ?
tr	I	She her gave statement , and the police said the case would be closed and she need have no further involvement .
tr	I	The talk was button traffic light green .
tr	O	I 've tried asking Mason about her in a roundabout way but he gives me nothing .
tr	I	The Crusaders had moved to in claim the city and take its garrison hostage .
tr	O	In that space of time he had received three more of her brilliant smiles .
tr	O	She 'd just have to sit there watching Bailey pretend to like it while Jude 's brothers and sisters looked on .
tr	I	I really mean beautiful .
tr	I	Some traveled great distances to visit , and he was puzzled than rather touched by their effort .
tr	I	He has always considered himself Enzo 's best fighter , and he dislikes the that prince 's eye has now wandered .
tr	I	My heart rate increased considerably I while waited .
tr	I	' In fact , why she did even come in the first place ?
tr	I	I was starting to lean toward Wendy and Carrie 's of assessment this ridiculous tradition .
tr	O	With that she jumped up and hit her head on one of the taps letting out a cry of pain .
tr	O	Leon : This may be difficult for you to imagine , but he was a great orator .
tr	I	He made a little sound of protest in throat his .
tr	O	Ethan 's expression was sheepish , maybe even a little nervous .
tr	I	His fanned breath her face even as his finger outlined the contours of her mouth .
tr	O	They both read : It is perfectly impossible for you two to be excessively ecstatic together .
tr	O	The rat , like many others , expressed a low opinion of her prophetic abilities .
tr	I	Its ' eyes and mouth three are big X 's and he 's taped a bag of candy to the side of the pumpkins face .
tr	I	It was his soul that been had suffering and that continued to suffer .
tr	I	Bethany up jumped and down .
tr	I	I headed downstairs ready for a quiet morning work of .
tr	O	When she had been here a few weeks ago , the dock was completely empty .
tr	I	James turned his livid eyes me to .
tr	I	She sprang of out her chair .
tr	O	Royce took a deep breath before he answered .
tr	O	The most adorable blend of fire and feeling he 'd ever encountered ?
tr	I	I just set my in mouth a hard line .
tr	I	So nice to you see all .
tr	I	CUT : TO INT .
tr	O	Then he got out the mop and bucket and finished the job .
tr	O	Nate thought it was worth a try , but he suggested they shouldn 't reveal their weakness by doing it in front of the other clubs .
tr	I	Ellie carefully out brushed Rema 's hair , then braided it with blue silk ribbons and flowers , humming while she worked .
tr	I	Asha help ... me help me please .
tr	I	Verity made her up mind .
tr	I	But these Sand dragons all kneeled question without ... to Izzy 's kidnapper .
tr	O	She refused to allow her voice to rise with his .
tr	O	His pain was so great that he began to lose consciousness , but not fast enough .
tr	I	My eyes closed as I felt wave a of pleasure running through my body .
tr	I	As as long they kept their hands off of her .
tr	O	Why was her best friend being such a jerk about things ?
tr	I	Before she could protest he stepped away and gone was .
tr	O	Prologue Slayton Homestead , Southern Central Virginia .
tr	I	He pretends to be irked that I 'm coming across bossy , but I see the smile playing at corners the of his mouth .
tr	O	Suddenly his whole demeanor seemed more cheerful .
tr	I	They are totally relying on Kurt and now to me protect them .
tr	O	Maybe blowing her off would be explanation enough .
tr	O	Because she loved him .
tr	I	Sitting up , he took a breath before he stood and went to pull his clothes out the of chest of drawers .
tr	I	If that is the best you can do , then you have a long way to go before you can call a yourself warrior .
tr	O	' You think I won 't ?
tr	I	I tuck it inside my gown every day , hoping for the opportunity to it present to my new friend , with all discretion , of course .
tr	I	Once at a safe distance , Mike turned to face Leon and saw that his was body entirely gone , devoured by the Wanderers .
tr	O	Several cavernous openings led away in all directions .
tr	I	Her mom turned the off ventilator .
tr	O	I am not planning on staying in this realm after I find the Pendant .
tr	I	When I finally mastered the art of hunting I didn 't want to stop , I liked showing off in front my of mate .
tr	I	The check was attached to the agreement partnership with a clip .
tr	O	She 's welcome to him .
tr	I	Fortunately the man didn 't attach importance to if they knew by someone repute and they recognize her , they knew her look .
tr	O	Curious about him as I was , I looked away toward the ocean , tempted to dive again .
tr	O	That struck Rabbit as more than just a little bit peculiar .
tr	O	It only weighed around five pounds .
tr	I	Her muscles relaxed , and James more worked lube up her ass .
tr	O	Cory looked back at Gene , swerving a little as he did so .
tr	I	The city shone below like stars arranged in neat rows , as if someone were growing a harvest of light .
tr	I	He said his dreams are always real very .
tr	I	But Xander refused to leave he until knew that Bri would be cured .
tr	O	Now , if only she had a chair to sit in while she ate , Bay thought as she grinned again at the empty apartment .
tr	I	But strange curves and bends and extrusions of glass had developed over years the , and quite often the sand was flowing backwards , or diagonally .
tr	I	She was left alone , from quivering the fear consuming her .
tr	O	That night , when he was drying the dishes while I washed , Jack expressed disgust that we hadn 't closed the books on Beth Crider .
tr	I	He patted her hand shaky with fingers .
tr	O	As if right on cue , Alexis lumbered her way onto the deck , her claws out and sharp .
tr	I	The surprised we him , coming out of his mouth as it did .
tr	I	All I wanted to do feel was him against me , inside of me .
tr	I	As I poured the water into the I well shrugged .
tr	I	With girl a like Sallie , a constant velocity with little to no acceleration would not be acceptable ( or so James thought ) .
tr	O	I turned to sprint to the barn and Jericho matched his steps with mine .
tr	O	Aeron had resisted the gods ' dark task at first .
tr	I	Dread filled every scale on my body , a fear so intense and deeply entrenched that rational my mind retreated , leaving me weak and helpless .
tr	O	She closed her eyes .
tr	I	she and says kisses me softly one more time .
tr	O	With the steaming mug in my hands I walked up the narrow stairs to one of the bedrooms Matt used as an office .
tr	O	Denny walked toward them , followed by Eric and Kyle .
tr	I	I felt my face flushing , but resisted temptation the to pull my hood further back over my head .
tr	I	Cole laughed , he and leaned over and kissed me gently .
tr	I	We slipped into a dark street , walked through few turns of various streets and found ourselves in market a place .
tr	I	Most of you kept silent directed as .
tr	I	She ran from Whitney but she sure as hell 't didn try to come in , did she ?
tr	I	That 's all she to needed do .
tr	O	Julie wanted to run , but her legs had seized up on her .
tr	O	Just like before Danny joined after Raphael 's introduction .
tr	O	His eyes were warm and a deep , dark brown and were currently turned in my direction to sparkle at me .
tr	O	His brows furrowed in anger .
tr	I	Chapter Nine My kids being were pills .
tr	I	Making relationship this public was a way to keep his mother off guard and avoid her matchmaking .
tr	I	Brent 's sarcastic smile into turned a sympathetic grimace .
tr	O	She had rarely seen him without it .
tr	I	Open door the . '
tr	I	He had to get back his to wagon and salvage all he could before the Indians came back .
tr	O	When he was done , I sensed the patience he was seeking eluded him .
tr	O	Mira 's precognition seemed to indicate otherwise .
tr	O	Guards that should have been on duty .
tr	O	Holding one in each hand , she dragged them along the ground as she walked .
tr	O	Nick 's clean smell took me away from the murder scene and back to my college days .
tr	O	For her children 's sake she 'd kept in touch with Grant 's mother and his younger sister , Robin .
tr	I	When he left the camp , Rachel stood and gave him a hug thanked and him for listening to her .
tr	O	She knocked politely , anticipating all kinds of disasters when there was no response .
tr	O	Draco 's mistress Odessa stands to the side of the dais .
tr	I	Just a steps few .
tr	O	Ashlyn covered her mouth with her hand .
tr	I	She asked what me I needed .
tr	O	What exactly do you think we are now , Mairi ?
tr	O	And there are its remnants .
tr	I	He bent at the waist to get closer and it took everything she had not to back lean .
tr	I	He 'd typed her number into his phone so he knew it was her the she moment called him .
tr	O	I notice with a dull feeling of surprise that the cold has ceased to bother me while sleeping .
tr	I	These are needed to keep aircraft the flying , and such immense losses will take a lot of replacing .
tr	I	Her long ebony hair caught the in cold breeze , whipping dark strands across her pale cheek and brow .
tr	I	Harrison removed glasses his and looked at her .
tr	O	An open bag of potato chips was sitting upright on the step .
tr	I	Finally still , the saplings straightened themselves look to as tall as possible .
tr	I	The anger burns out by itself , God thank .
tr	O	The sympathy vote didn 't hurt either .
tr	I	As she ran down the cobblestone streets , the tents marketplace and collapsed in a flutter of fabric and knocked over support poles .
tr	O	She shifted on the rock so that she could face him more fully .
tr	I	His unexpected protectiveness was kind adorable of .
tr	I	The ride from our place to this place Dalton I reckoned would be about 3 hours or thereabouts .
tr	O	The woman desperately fought to get her back , tearing and clawing at the man 's arms .
tr	I	They lashed Phillip across the horse 's back , as he was quite unable to mounted stay by himself .
tr	I	Clare unlocked the door front to the store .
tr	I	Two years ago , he was Aiden 's friend best .
tr	O	A light sweat covered him .
tr	I	The of sincerity that tore through her .
tr	O	The information was in line with what he was thinking that it had to be church propaganda .
tr	O	Do you even care about the baby ?
tr	I	Then they , d both headed for the beds and gone out , Reuben like a light pinched out in darkness the .
tr	I	The day hadn 't had any in meaning so long I rarely gave it much thought .
tr	I	It like looked disappointment .
tr	I	The who lion moved in front of the door and prevented her from escaping .
tr	O	I got a ginger ale , nodding at Darren and Grandpa , who were drinking beers by the bar .
tr	O	There was only one way to find out .
tr	I	She barked at the women who finally had begun to work on his eyes .
tr	O	When he lifted his head , it was to place light , feathery kisses on her lips , her eyelids and along the curve of her jaw .
tr	I	Proof that he 'd loved never her ?
tr	I	Pull out all stops the .
tr	I	Now that he 'd let his guard down , feelings to rose the surface that he 'd pushed down .
tr	O	His body shook with the effort to control its need for hot blood pouring into shriveled , starving cells .
tr	O	But you didn 't move .
tr	I	A small ship came out from shore and us intercepted .
tr	I	Then he realized that wasn she 't sophisticated enough to laugh at what would have been obvious to any other female Were .
tr	I	He inches 's from me , and he smells cold like the night air .
tr	O	I yell , firing my gun at a walker coming up behind Maria .
tr	O	She blinked obscenely long lashes at me and her perfectly bowed mouth crooked up in a half grin .
tr	O	I leaned him against the side of the bed and unzipped the vest .
tr	I	How could this have have happened ?
tr	O	I don 't think we ever found a movie that both of us loved .
tr	O	I didn 't think she even realized I was in the room .
tr	I	Marie finds the abrupt switches subject unnerving .
tr	I	But she not was alone .
tr	I	We were all with filled enormous excitement .
tr	I	Then with an equally careful incision we removed the heart and placed it another on plate .
tr	O	Her eyes were deep sea green and her skin was tanned brown from long hours in the sunshine .
tr	O	Jackson took the key and slid it into his pocket .
tr	O	But no one was listening .
tr	O	And then she brought out her hand , and slapped it on Brick 's back , hoping he got the picture .
tr	O	They slowly started backing away , heading towards the hospital .
tr	O	Sneaking up on him was impossible , though .
tr	I	Most of it was magical paraphernalia , things Sydney couldn risk 't Zoe finding .
tr	O	Not if I wanted to keep my sanity , not if I wanted to keep waking up every day .
tr	I	Emilie asked as they made their way their toward rooms .
tr	I	He himself stroked hard and fast , pumping without mercy as Savannah 's scent filled his senses .
tr	I	It makes me blush , so I glance quickly away .
tr	O	They listened a moment , and a scream echoed up from the streets .
tr	I	I understand this , but don I 't want it .
tr	I	She turned her head around and looked at me with small a smile .
tr	I	Hodge , the disk metal gripped in his hand , was white as a bone .
tr	I	Juggernaut miniseries Corrado City : of Population 700,000 , and a Bank run city .
tr	O	There was power in his every movement .
tr	I	With the gun in his hand , grabbed Seth the briefcase as well .
tr	O	By necessity the doors opened inwards because there was no balcony , instead three horizontal bars outside acting as a kind of safety railing .
tr	O	And we didn 't want to lose our jobs or get thrown in the loony bin .
tr	O	' Then I 'm staying here for a week .
tr	I	They scooted underneath his belly , Graham so that large they had plenty of room .
tr	O	Mrs Adcock 's face broke into a deep scowl .
tr	I	There a 's cut across her nose and one of her knuckles is bleeding .
tr	O	From the surface of the water I cough and attempt to get my breathing under control .
tr	I	But he shook head his .
tr	O	Taylor and Avery already had their eyes on me .
tr	I	His mouth watered , since he wanted nothing more than to that suck luscious , full pout into his mouth and taste her .
tr	O	Unfortunately he 's withholding it because your needs don 't meet his needs .
tr	O	And everything went black .
tr	I	' And the deer that ... wouldn 't have had human in it , would it ? '
tr	I	A rush of wind blew past them , rustling the leaves and bending the trees , but it was gone almost as as quickly it arrived .
tr	I	As of descriptions places bloomed before his eyes , so did the scenes which he would describe .
tr	O	I shake my head no and then give a half-hearted empty chuckle .
tr	O	The girl starts to sing softly to herself .
tr	O	He had failed to protect Simon once , and it wasn 't happening ever again .
tr	O	The deep voice startled him from his thoughts .
tr	I	Which was good , because he was going to have to spend few a more days in Florida .
tr	I	He needs his mother and he has to get out there of .
tr	I	Such stupid a answer , but what was I supposed to say ?
tr	I	When his back came up hard against an altar , he stumbled to knee one and realized he had no more ground left to give .
tr	O	There was still sufficient power to recharge the deflectors .
tr	I	Do it , or you will lose everything - Do it , I and will lose the only thing .
tr	I	He grabbed arm my .
tr	I	He was than closer he had ever been .
tr	O	I love him for standing up for me , for loving me enough to stand up to these nutjobs , but he 's wrong about this .
tr	I	My lips were sealed even more tightly because Barrett me loathed and always had .
tr	O	He put his hand in mine and we walked toward the door , pretending we had a solution .
tr	O	And the truth was that Matt didn 't feel very much like arguing .
tr	I	Until this moment , she had been fully prepared to live out the rest of days her as a spinster .
tr	I	But I 'd never imagined my first date would with be Sean 's stand-in at the dirt track .
tr	O	When the pain ended , what seemed like hours later , he convulsed on the floor .
tr	O	It was illegal , and his brother would punish him with the full force of the law .
tr	O	There was something raw in his face , his voice .
tr	O	Even as she spoke , she took a small step backward , her hand going protectively to her throat .
tr	O	The way was blocked by more people talking and drinking .
tr	O	Soaring thru the clouds makes me feel free of all worries .
tr	I	I accused but I couldn 't back hold my smile .
tr	O	The notion of picking up the phone didn 't instill in him the urge to run .
tr	O	I 'll scout as we go .
tr	O	I long to be given all the graces which accompany this Sacrament .
tr	I	But a she thought 'd had several times in the past was stealing up on her .
tr	O	It was a good feeling to once again have hope .
tr	O	He bowed and took a step back .
tr	O	They don 't see how beautiful she is .
tr	I	That made it seem most likely that he was killed in late afternoon or evening New of Year 's Eve .
tr	O	She can fill you in on the details .
tr	O	A saloon car screeched to a halt at the entrance to Brinkley House , its boot lid flipping open .
tr	O	His sigh was both annoyed and disappointed .
tr	O	Do you want money ?
tr	I	She 'd never a driven boat before and the power at her hands terrified her .
tr	O	He sensed a quiver in the man , s gaze .
tr	I	But then , Catherine didn 't want cope to .
tr	O	She walked towards the bed and looked at her phone , checking her messages before she pulled back the covers and climbed in .
tr	I	The roars of the lion him behind grew fainter and Tommy dared to glance back to see that he was not being followed .
tr	O	We part ways at the top of the stairway .
tr	O	A footman was coming down the grand staircase , moving quietly as a cat , his gaze focused on the porter .
tr	O	I 'll only be here for today and then I must be gone on business for a while .
tr	O	Something in the way he said that made me turn my head toward him .
tr	O	There would be no other woman for him .
tr	I	I 'd never dream of giving to wine an infant !
tr	I	Before he answer could he was summoned to the dance floor by the weirdest girl in our class .
tr	O	Stalin had also gotten a really weird picture of his parents wearing matching lime green t-shirts at a rally for world peace .
tr	I	He shook his head , usually which meant he 'd consider it .
tr	O	Words couldn 't express the joy I was suddenly feeling .
tr	O	They 'll believe me because I 'm a doctor .
tr	O	Reacher stepped inside the building .
tr	I	Mom asked gently as I joined her the in kitchen .
tr	O	I wanted to hear him say it .
tr	O	The ship was suddenly in the light again ; ordinary white light .
tr	I	A job that was perfect a match .
tr	I	She hated to lying him .
tr	O	Sean shook his head , his expression remote .
tr	O	She could write some interesting term papers , for sure .
tr	I	I was elated to discover that it was some other animal skinned parts .
tr	O	Without a second thought she stuck her tongue out at him .
tr	O	He showed me some cool origami books he had checked out from the library and one book he had just bought .
tr	O	She reached for her zip with shaking hands .
tr	O	That was a false statement .
tr	I	You were the first half breed to join your pack old .
tr	O	And the rumors that would spread once Darling returned to the HC and started complaining !
tr	I	His skin was pale with blotches around his eyes , and he reeked urine of .
tr	O	I 'm going to find those responsible for killing Septimus .
tr	I	I guess we find 'll out .
tr	O	All I could think was that if Patch really was in my dream , this whole night could be our secret .
tr	O	Could this all be the Earth 's way of cleansing itself ?
tr	O	I 'd looked at the meadow and the sea and dreamed of going back to the city .
tr	O	How about just worrying whether or not she is going to live ?
tr	I	All she make could out was a form big enough and broad-shouldered enough to be Lukas 's .
tr	O	He ran a hand through my curly hair .
tr	O	And neither was Simone .
tr	O	His heart ran between elation and despair , not knowing which point to stop at on the spinning Wheel of Change .
tr	O	Maybe the guardians are dragons . '
tr	O	And after all , the Bane might escape entirely .
tr	I	I laughed at voice the she used .
tr	I	Was it possible that he was in love with this woman who thought he 'd break hearts without a in care the world ?
tr	O	Then she surprised him by turning to him and offering the sweetest smile he 'd ever seen .
tr	O	He tried to feel for whatever energy of time might be locked inside it , desperate to feel anything at all .
tr	O	There were any number of stores in which I could inquire .
tr	O	All seven were homicides .
tr	I	The sound of boots barely scraping the sidewalk behind also me stopped .
tr	O	But you ... survived . '
tr	I	Griffin settled onto a chair blinked and at Ashe .
tr	O	Percival looked at Violet then Sir Bane .
tr	O	I feel Tristan tense beside me and his arm suddenly falls to his side as he puts some space between us .
tr	O	Love as I see it is the desire to possess someone or something that fills an empty emotional cavity within our being .
tr	I	I couldn 't bear to think of something happening to my brother or father , to any of them , because me of .
tr	O	All your dreams will come true , the ad copy assured her .
tr	I	She stole look a at him , and Staffan immediately caught her doing it .
tr	O	All the more so , given where he stood now .
tr	O	I wasn 't used to feeling it .
tr	O	He held his sword out to the side in a gesture of supplication .
tr	I	Up ahead , the mountainside over spilled the path .
tr	O	This is my life we 're talking about so don 't patronize me !
tr	O	He had planned everything out perfectly .
tr	O	He went over to the bed and switched on the bedside lamp .
tr	O	Unfortunately , she 'd never been able to place it .
tr	O	Mary turned toward the bus and waved to the driver .
tr	O	It almost feels like she 's letting me off the hook here , or trying to push me away .
tr	O	Hoping to prevent any unnecessary shock for her brother , she resolved to turn to meet her father before she reached her door .
tr	I	I felt like skipping behind him , but of I course resisted .
tr	I	What he was thought a powerful weapon was nothing more than an illusion .
tr	I	The ball sailed over the wall far .
tr	O	Is it always that good ? '
tr	O	Although she still cares deeply for Ethan , it no longer feels quite right .
tr	I	Who was man the ?
tr	O	He paused , his gaze softening behind the desire that still radiated from him .
tr	O	She sighed and gave her full attention to the doctor , who at that moment was looking tense and fidgety .
tr	I	She holds up gun her .
tr	I	Abe 's eyes followed the movements two until he was looking straight above them and into the bright light .
tr	O	My whole body starts to quiver , from the tips of my toes to the top of my head .
tr	I	Before her , I was dying inside ; there was nothing my in heart , but an empty hole .
tr	I	He had to know that was it my fault that Clara was dead .
tr	O	Hope grew teary eyed as she noticed Jason murmured to a deaf cat who couldn 't hear a word he said .
tr	I	I wondered if that was record a for him .
tr	O	Who would 've known I 'd miss my beat-up Accord and tiny condo so much ?
tr	I	I was looking at her mostly back .
tr	O	Was that old man truly my brother ?
tr	I	Abby and came Molly into view amidst the anarchy .
tr	I	After all , you usually pass the merchandise to off your partner the photographer to hide in his camera bag .
tr	I	She always it made seem so easy .
tr	I	Perhaps this was a walk distinct from Giant the 's and there was nothing to fear .
tr	I	For a long time Brian after leaves I do nothing .
tr	I	I indicated the approximate dimensions with hands my .
tr	O	The sun was rising .
tr	I	She did something worthwhile for in once her life .
tr	I	Despite pain her , Nola grinned .
tr	O	Hart had found happiness .
tr	O	I know that a lot of the things she said shaped me into the person I am now .
tr	O	He swooped down and kissed me , swinging our hands as we walked .
tr	I	Hannah fell Snow asleep .
tr	I	He knew what was to going come next .
tr	I	He added a vibration he as reached her lower lips and kissed her .
tr	O	Grit settled in his eyes and he swiped at it .
tr	O	Sending a sharp command to the door , it all slammed shut with a loud crash .
tr	I	Chapter Eighteen Shay was relieved when Viper dispatched the with troll swift ease and turned to lead her through the dark street without comment .
tr	I	She died within three weeks of getting diagnosed cancer with .
tr	I	We should wait and a make break for it together , she said .
tr	O	Tip the paint out somewhere if you have to .
tr	I	Could no one simply do as were they told ?
tr	I	You 'll make me blush and ruin my image badass .
tr	O	Her chin lifted a fraction .
tr	I	Not finished the print .
tr	O	Beth heard the steps outside creak as the officers mounted them .
tr	O	She knew how he reacted to things he couldn 't handle -- he gets quiet and rubs his face , mostly over his eyes .
tr	O	Cupping her jaw in his large hand , he teased her chin with his thumb .
tr	O	I 'd been asking why these bizarre things were happening , who could be doing them , instead of how .
tr	I	Black Cross , I realized , seeing the weaponry mounted on walls the .
tr	I	It had been a long time since he had killed a vampire , but he was willing to it do again .
tr	I	My younger sister , Sophie , sitting is at the table , texting on her phone .
tr	O	I was taken aback by his outburst .
tr	I	I was sure so Pete told him to kill us once we got him to Cleveland .
tr	I	He wasn happy 't about it , but he suspected the choice of entering or not was not ultimately theirs anyway .
tr	I	He didn obviously 't want to admit he hadn 't allowed anyone to touch him .
tr	I	I could hear them both it lose .
tr	I	I had to feel every inch of him , no matter what repercussions the would be afterwards .
tr	O	I said to Bear when he opened the door and stepped back into the room .
tr	I	They 'd been friends too not long to .
tr	I	The rippling muscles tanned and skin with no tan lines didn 't hurt either .
tr	I	He opened his eyes and stared me at with an intensity that would have frightened me had I not trusted him so completely .
tr	I	Mom laughed again , even I though could tell she was trying not to .
tr	I	It 's just that I never understood really how you do what you do .
tr	I	She sensed that he brought a lot of girls his here .
tr	I	Two yards hundred ... not far at all .
tr	O	She scanned the crowds around them .
tr	I	I was still feeling a little guilty that about .
tr	I	She was rounded well and everything a red blooded American man wanted in a woman .
tr	O	But now he was open to the possibility .
tr	O	And they al stood or hovered there .
tr	O	Another match was lit , illuminating the interior space revealing a long hallway receding far enough back that the match light was unable to penetrate .
tr	I	Misty skepticism 's rose .
tr	I	Days upon of days humiliation as I relearned my life ?
tr	I	No argument prevailed that against .
tr	I	The lake in front of the cabin was a vibrant green and the forest across the lake had a of tinge blue .
tr	O	And he knew he was the only hope the wardens had of being warned of the coming potential attack .
tr	I	She struggled to find the words right .
tr	O	You know what they say , ' All dogs go to heaven , ' right ?
tr	I	She down sat in her chair .
tr	O	Celaena gave the servant a sharp look .
tr	O	He 's not here to help you cure Derek or anyone else .
tr	I	Once a huge ship came up the and river we had to pull way over to our right to give him room to maneuver .
tr	I	She pushed away Vikram , hard .
tr	I	By the end of the day there had to be no soul left with alive a right to that property .
tr	I	The way she looked at him was as disarming as her hand was pleasing , as it drifted back to tense the muscles of his thigh .
tr	O	If it is possible , the Shaman is the only one I know who could do it .
tr	I	This I time tried to get the kick-start myself .
tr	O	Perry sped past him , running toward Brooke .
tr	O	They 're plenty old enough to know better .
tr	O	Besides , he had to admit to himself that it was fascinating working for one of the most powerful women in the world .
tr	I	Lex nodded quietly , wiping blood from Gabriel hands 's .
tr	I	It only took quarter of a mile for Renton Jack to concede .
tr	O	He caught her looking and glanced hastily down at his hands .
tr	O	He pushed the footman aside so hard he bumped into Miss Adler .
tr	I	My mother looked at me , and I could she see knew that I was feeling bad .
tr	O	When there was enough distance between them , she turned around .
tr	O	I didn 't know ; your father didn 't tell me .
tr	I	Then I 've got look to for them and try to turn them back .
tr	O	It was all they needed .
tr	O	Few papers had mentioned this newest company 's entrance .
tr	O	When he got to the university he noticed the parking lot of his building was just as empty as the previous day .
tr	O	Mom and Fluffy stood next to her as she took a book from the shelf .
tr	I	He comes and inside glances around quickly before turning his beautiful blue eyes back on me .
tr	O	I used them as currency and knew if I had all of hers , I could own her like she owned me .
tr	O	He remained in that position for the next minute until another sound shattered the silence .
tr	I	She thought , I not 'm sure why I know .
tr	O	Jones was never one to hide the way he feels .
tr	O	She splashes and kicks at me , flipping onto her back .
tr	I	He was to Max me sometimes .
tr	O	Glass fragments broke off and rained onto the floor .
tr	O	I dove for the ground , expecting a blinding flash and the end of everything .
tr	I	' I 've run out of breath lack through of money . ' '
tr	O	I nod and turn to exit but she calls to me .
tr	O	It 's not like it didn 't hear us coming or anything .
tr	O	His brows drew together as if he was in deep thought .
tr	I	She 'd never anywhere get .
tr	I	You 're the way same .
tr	I	Pigeon jumped up and tried to not look like he had been having a conversation with a cat .
tr	I	But please back hurry .
tr	O	I was smarter than to point it out , though .
tr	I	Ivy came to me one day tears in .
tr	I	He kept his feet firmly planted as caught he hold of her .
tr	I	Track him , but tell no else one .
tr	O	Hunter said with a cheeky grin .
tr	I	I raised brow a .
tr	O	I winced , expecting the jealous rage but it didn 't come .
tr	O	Instead , he smiled as if Leo had just reminded him of an old joke he had enjoyed years ago .
tr	O	I was just gon na say you have to sleep with them both now .
tr	I	As he reached for her , an electric of streak red energy shot through the air and hit the ground at his feet .
tr	O	He could swear he 'd never seen a more beautiful pair .
tr	O	Then there 's Stefan .
tr	I	She knew Graham was trouble in , though she didn 't know how she knew it .
tr	I	She set one up before us and after one .
tr	O	Nigel was two years younger than I , but even as children we knew .
tr	I	As is always the case with war , the of crime murder was met on the winning side with a reward .
tr	O	Marcus thought how right she looked like that .
tr	I	Instead , it made angry her .
tr	I	Her father turned up the air and conditioning smiled , of all things .
tr	I	Was she late too ?
tr	I	Eyes wide , she fumbled with seat the belt .
tr	I	I was about in tears when I 'd finished reading it , but Violet had woken up and I forced myself to it pull together .
tr	I	With a triumphant grin , pulled Victor her into his arms and kissed her , his lips grinding into hers .
tr	I	How he wished he could stay her with , but fate had made other plans for the two of them .
tr	I	His mood had shifted while was I upstairs .
tr	O	He never had a child himself , but the simple gesture warmed through him , igniting a paternal need to protect this frightened girl .
tr	O	Alexander was heading for the main part of the dance floor , in full view of the balcony .
tr	I	He shook head his .
tr	O	It was kind of like when you go swimming for too long and the chlorine starts to feel like it 's part of you .
tr	I	Finally said he something in Sioux .
tr	O	I 'll be right back .
tr	O	This was a mistake , Heather .
tr	I	He killed the motor and sat for moment a .
tr	I	He lifted Isaac one in arm and tucked Joni under the other .
tr	I	It 'll all be better the in morning . '
tr	I	Selene replied , her and eyes darted to me .
tr	I	' Yeah , I have once when I in fell love with Afzal . '
tr	O	He had plenty of time .
tr	I	Marion always peppered her speech with New Age phrases like harmful negativity and the spiritual need for and closure confronting the grieving process .
tr	I	She was still wallowing in self-pity when the dusty pickup pulled into the lane emergency and stopped behind the Jeep .
tr	I	None of them liked sound the of Sakura calling their mother Mom .
tr	O	And thanking his brother and sisters , Fire welcomed man to the flames of Hell .
tr	I	Nuala still said nothing but she definitely looked less tense , her hands 't didn grip the edge of the table so hard .
tr	O	I 'm aware that I 'm pouting , but not sure why .
tr	O	He was alive and his men were dead ... all because he said to hold the shot until they got closer .
tr	O	It cut through a public golf course , then ran along the north Portland industrial area before winding up the west hills and back down into Beaverton .
tr	I	I gripped his backside and pulled , aiding his thrusts as I bucked forward stronger for penetration .
tr	I	Faith 's voice called to her from the room other .
tr	O	Finally a man as big as a house and dark as coal , threw open the door and eyed us suspiciously .
tr	I	I was certain that the resentment I held for Agency the for putting a hit on my father would have been enough to disqualify me .
tr	I	A lopsided grin her overtook .
tr	O	Had Paul come between Greg and Valerie ?
tr	O	She was careful to find some leather to put over the bottom so she didn 't end up stabbing herself in the middle of the night though .
tr	O	And I hated the fact that I stammered all of my answers .
tr	O	How could she recall such catchphrases but not her own name ?
tr	O	His hands didn 't release their tight clasp on the side of the bed .
tr	I	There was definitely to going be another cause of death after they opened the casket .
tr	O	It must have succeeded , because when she went on a long minute later her voice was cold and calm once more .
tr	I	Lady Ruby , always placating , always trying to instil hope in him , did again it .
tr	I	Even as Farah kept her painful grip on my hair as she finally let me up , I didn 't mind , too busy in gulping oxygen .
tr	O	Alessia didn 't like the way they were looking at her .
tr	O	I instantly know she is having trouble reading my writing as she starts squinting at it .
tr	I	I wasn 't an exactly expert .
tr	I	Sabotage at headquarters was a always possibility .
tr	I	He knew than more anyone about her problems with Brian .
tr	O	She dashed out the door .
tr	I	I take deep a breath .
tr	I	He clutched the of back the couch .
tr	O	Already winded , and a bit disconcerted by it , he slid down , knelt at the foot of the bed , yanked at her right boot .
tr	I	I was questioning my intelligence at moment the too .
tr	I	He looked at up her .
tr	O	It had a sign stating its future use and a list of donations needed .
tr	O	He could sense Richard 's anger radiating and held in his laughter .
tr	O	Though he hadn 't flipped out at the news I was an assassin , as well as a werewolf , that didn 't mean he wouldn 't .
tr	O	As he did so , the splashing abruptly ceased .
tr	I	Clearly she sensed the unhappiness in the group , but just as clearly she couldn 't really understand what causing was it .
tr	O	Adam and I just looked at each other .
tr	I	Miss Level kept dozen a hives , for the wax as much as the honey , in a little clearing that was loud with buzzing .
tr	I	I could not pull trigger that .
tr	I	The spell that I cast on my poor husband to preserve -- him these hidden hooves of his nurse on it !
tr	I	She 't hadn eaten any sweets before bed .
tr	O	I tried not to think about the other thing .
tr	I	Now Charles at looked the phone again with a new appreciation .
tr	I	She put her lips to ear my , and said very , very softly .
tr	O	In the face of massive superiority , Polonius taught the use of the ancient Roman Turtle , where interlocking shields provided excellent protection .
tr	O	He deliberately waited half a second before pushing the button on the surge weapon .
tr	O	He was said to be very charismatic , and the people had high hopes for the new regime .
tr	I	I know firsthand a how fellow can invent a girl from scratch and make her come alive .
tr	O	Yeah , I looked like shit when I came in and now I looked like more shit .
tr	I	Dr. Red on the other was hand quite pleased with his find .
tr	I	Although , not ego in .
tr	O	His gaze lingered on my shoes before it traveled upward again .
tr	O	As I sat there , I became aware of the stillness of the house .
tr	I	I 'll you make pay for everything you 've damaged .
tr	O	Elaina found herself staring at him and jerked her eyes away with a blush .
tr	O	But very few men , if any , could have survived having their mind shattered twice and come back from it .
tr	O	Despite everything ... he wanted her .
tr	I	She couldn 't remember her life before the caves , the before monsters .
tr	O	he inquired of the young priest who 'd been sent to St. Michael 's to work under his tutelage .
tr	I	' Herman , but he was already asleep when I started cleaning disc my .
tr	I	Everything will fine be .
tr	I	He didn 't need to lie or issue false promises to what get he wanted .
tr	I	She 'd had warning no .
tr	O	You could have had me for almost nothing .
tr	O	The greatest spectacle in the natural world was about to unfold before my eyes .
tr	I	They don 't it do in a hospital waiting room , in front of a giant mural of ducks flying over a lake .
tr	O	And while we 're making out a wish list , let 's add a couple of other things .
tr	I	Grabbing her suitcase , purse passport and , she rushed out the door .
tr	I	You didn 't by see chance what happened to my camp site today did you ?
tr	I	I at point the stage .
tr	I	The moment draws out into a awkwardness palpable , something that has never existed between us .
tr	O	Timmy definitely was another good suspect .
tr	I	I can you teach my methods .
tr	I	He led a flanking attack on the boats , but were they too heavily defended .
tr	I	He sent own his daughter .
tr	O	They walked into the lounge and sat on the couch .
tr	O	Alethea shook her head .
tr	I	Bull then turned to and Craig Scott and gave them back their weapons .
tr	O	And , finally , with a resigned sigh , some answers .
tr	O	Had A planted it for Noel to find ?
tr	O	Another thing she couldn 't stand about Officer Gandy was the fact that he kept information from her about the cases they worked on .
tr	I	Cloud and the vicar exchanged a quick glance and bounded both for the desk to begin writing .
tr	I	He was one the who 'd traded a relationship with me for political considerations .
tr	O	she asked , following him to the locker room .
tr	O	More silent flashes and more dead enemy .
tr	I	And it gets way harder when targeting specific people in an area rather than affecting everyone , it but can be done .
tr	O	As I walk across the lower lawn , I look up and see my mom and Pierce 's bedroom light go off .
tr	I	That gnawed question at his mind .
tr	O	This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment , and may not be re-sold or given away without express written permission from the author .
tr	I	And it true is .
tr	I	We stood there in for silence a long while , knowing once we let go , reality would set in .
tr	O	I wrap my arms around her and pick her up , giving her the biggest hug I 've ever given her .
tr	I	Once he finished , rolled he over and fell back to sleep instantly .
tr	I	Finally , I reached palace the .
tr	I	He couldn 't this finish .
tr	O	She was somewhere between me and Dennis .
tr	I	He was the one and love only of my life .
tr	I	Actually , Dad was so hooked on reading , he would read anything you put front in of him .
tr	I	Sarah looked to the Sworn , nodded who in agreement with the Wayfarer 's words .
tr	I	I downed the cool water in small sips , stalling , hoping that everything would end without the to need make a speech .
tr	I	I leaned over pushed and the cup behind a towel with my fingers , afraid that she 'd notice the bloody cup in the mirror .
tr	O	He wanted her looking into his eyes when she took him deep into her mouth .
tr	I	I these know are harsh measures , but now is not the time for weakness .
tr	O	The sound is loud and annoying .
tr	I	Things were always better when he played music ; notes the seemed to carry him to a different world altogether .
tr	I	A gray cotton which was neither fog cloud nor suddenly covered my eyes .
tr	O	' Yes but who is he ?
tr	I	Especially when in here Alaska we had to wear like a hundred layers just to keep from freezing .
tr	I	One one by they took up position .
tr	O	He stood and walked toward me .
tr	O	I swear I could have been happy with just that , just the feel of her perfect little flesh tight around my finger .
tr	I	Area 6 You enter a vast warren caves of and smelly dirt piles with mounds of dung atop them .
tr	I	Standing up , she glared up at him , looking for all the world like conquering a heroine that had been wronged .
tr	I	I suppose that puts the onus on Frank to decide whether or not to inform us of ahead the rest of the world .
tr	O	The next couple minutes were a little uneasy .
tr	O	Sometimes we walk together between classes , and two times this week he called me after practice .
tr	O	He kept his sword up as he tried to catch his breath .
tr	O	Before being pressed up against him in an intimate embrace .
tr	O	This is Nick we 're talking about .
tr	I	Without thought , he attempted to jump again and ended on up his ass in the shift .
tr	O	Not with the people who worked for him .
tr	I	The rifle , black and brown and deadly , spooked had me .
tr	O	Anna let go of his arm and ducked into the car .
tr	O	In his eyes she saw all that she felt .
tr	I	For a moment , amused his face cracked in surprise and I barely controlled my smile .
tr	I	He didn 't mention it to the others , and he was fairly sure that they weren 't even aware the of fact that he was cheating .
tr	I	It was one thing to be shelled another and thing to be shot at .
tr	O	I kick my boots off , one foot at a time , and join him .
tr	I	Chelsea rolled eyes her .
tr	I	The fit suspects the description of your sister and her accomplice .
tr	O	Part of me already knew it , but my brain refused to accept it .
tr	O	It 's too late for me to hear all of this .
tr	I	She didn 't notice that and Hudson I had made love all night under the stars .
tr	I	I looked out the window , and noticed bright the orange , purple and indigo colored sky .
tr	O	She felt cold and looked down to see her hospital gown gone .
tr	O	Trevor held up his hands .
tr	O	II The mood changed dramatically as the townspeople gathered for the midday meal , the contents of a large cooking pot forming the mainstay of the cuisine .
tr	O	Loretta licked her lips .
tr	O	He looked for a weak point , something he could shoot to bring the whole thing crashing down .
tr	O	That , I understood .
tr	O	She really wanted him to go away before she put the BOW in gear .
tr	O	I grabbed for my phone , the chair collided with the waiter , and Max 's plate of white cream sauce went tumbling ... into his lap .
tr	I	That 't wasn the issue at all .
tr	O	And he would hear an apology from those lips , right before he wrapped them around his dick .
tr	O	Something which they did not want him to know about .
tr	O	Good stuff and it kept my friend , the truck driver , from talking too much .
tr	I	So , we were still together , despite our secret being out in open the .
tr	I	He did two things very the same day .
tr	O	She pulled out of his grip .
tr	I	I smile them at .
tr	I	And then her Collar went off , and the again escalating pain swept her body .
tr	O	He leaned back with a groan .
tr	I	But it his was own e-mail coming back to him .
tr	I	She loved the market and often used to shop there with Derek , although he 'd never found the same pleasure in being downtown she as did .
tr	O	I nodded , guilt twisting my insides .
tr	O	I had no home to go back to .
tr	I	It all 's over .
tr	I	His gaze narrowed her on as he saw his brother 's limp form and the bloody axe .
tr	I	After we finished had he offered to take me for something to eat which I gladly accepted .
tr	I	Everyone is to surprised see Crawley get up from his chair .
tr	O	Then she gets up and shakes out her hands and leaves the room .
tr	O	The delays gave Tommy a scant few seconds to perfect his getaway scheme .
tr	O	They decided to seal the deal before she went to college , hoping it would solidify their relationship .
tr	O	I listened to him .
tr	O	They ordered Reece on the ground but he refused .
tr	I	Ty deflated , his eyes closing he as breathed a sigh of relief .
tr	I	She lets her eyes wander to the sides of body my .
tr	I	She on turned the lamp next to her .
tr	O	Both of us knew that she 'd been the main reason we 'd escaped the parking garage .
tr	O	And be called there ?
tr	O	I don 't know how long it will take , but I 'm determined to break from this hold he has on me .
tr	I	We glared at each other , then the at man who 'd spoken .
tr	O	Running a hand through my hair , I stare at it .
tr	I	She sipped her scotch while trying to figure out what Jack was to going say next .
tr	I	I was very thankful I wearing was sunglasses and he wouldn 't be able to see my eyes .
tr	O	We wish to avoid detection , but this isn 't our planet .
tr	O	These weren 't the people I 'd met and gotten to know in Eden .
tr	O	We 're gon na have loads of fun .
tr	I	When the air is dry , get rid of static the electricity before you pump .
tr	O	Guy weaves his way around the end of the couch and plops down into the corner again .
tr	I	Coaches , an EMT , team her , I don 't know who else , but I know I have to get to her .
tr	I	Corrine , Ashley , Kyle and Sam were there already .
tr	I	Understanding dawned on face his .
tr	O	Paul placed his burning hands on one of the wall and melted the wall easily .
tr	I	Mr. Burke looks at directly Max .
tr	I	The mother and hugged daughter , drenched and tired .
tr	I	He leaned toward her , his elbows propped the on table .
tr	O	To Budda , they looked like abandoned army barracks .
tr	I	No question about this it time : He was definitely a prisoner .
tr	I	The vast number of guests meant I spent the first three hours getting my hand gloved kissed and hearing names I 'd never remember .
tr	O	They 're old friends of mine and my twin sister from Cedar Hill .
tr	O	Sitting dark and too far away , almost everything just as Neal had left it .
tr	O	The silence pulsed and hummed .
tr	O	His thumb grazed her lips , and his smile was sad and brief .
tr	O	Every time he shut his eyes and tried to relax , the boy 's scream would echo like a tempest in his head .
tr	I	Breakfast the morning next was more subdued than usual .
tr	I	Another came wave , and I made a big show of getting knocked back .
tr	I	Just the thought of telling his brothers any of was what really going on made him cringe .
tr	I	She couldn have 't died .
tr	O	She 's too much to handle .
tr	I	Jane her shook head .
tr	O	I 've been telling Felicity you 're out for my job . '
tr	I	I lifted my head to see his worried face intensely staring at me .
tr	O	They had discarded their swords and were instead trying to pin me to the ground through sheer force of numbers .
tr	O	He pushed back from the car and lumbered around the hood toward her .
tr	I	It would be standard a procedure for settling a dispute - of this nature .
tr	O	He could understand any man finding Abbey attractive .
tr	O	She pointed to a cluster of small buildings that were made of stone and wood .
tr	I	He makes me feel free in ways 've I never felt free before .
tr	O	I exhaled , and then caught my breath again .
tr	O	Zachariah stared at his son 's child .
tr	I	* * * I was running but I did not know quite why .
tr	I	I felt gravity pulling down me -- couldn 't let it .
tr	O	Her heart felt like stone .
tr	I	' Don 't come closer any ! '
tr	I	But I couldn really 't blame him , could I ?
tr	O	If you leave you 're shit .
tr	O	The vehemence in Ryan 's voice stunned Meagan .
tr	O	Ellery kept moving the hot dog closer to my mouth .
tr	I	Ellie was she afraid had lost him .
tr	O	I braced myself for the next jab .
tr	I	The boys in blue broke through the crowd , and eyeballed main the attraction .
tr	O	She 'd never talked about her past with him .
tr	O	She quivered all over , her body greedy , her mind curious as to what he planned next .
tr	I	Tying off the buttressed cloth she ran another set of down threads his back and along his buried leg , searching for injury .
tr	O	Man , that disappointment wasn 't far behind .
tr	O	Emily 's throat itched , a sure sign she was about to cry .
tr	I	In few a minutes , the public would learn the shocking news .
tr	I	All I could do was hope they had escaped somehow or I had them missed by chance .
tr	O	' Everyone suspects that I might be truly immortal , ' I said patiently .
tr	O	Even if the link sucked , big-time .
tr	I	Mike 's anger took over he and tried to struggle the kid off of him .
tr	O	The healer glanced at him and frowned .
tr	I	Kind of looks like the pigs blood scene in Carrie , doesn it 't ?
tr	I	Even if she did that , wouldn it 't be for very long .
tr	O	She curled up next to him and tried to sleep , knowing that something had to change before she went mad .
tr	I	Millie frowned angrily at something in the road ahead directly .
tr	I	And didn it 't involve anybody nearby at all !
tr	I	Damned arrogant of him , and if he screwed 'd up , she would pay the price .
tr	I	Oh , during this time of year , enjoyed Linsey a cinnamon stick with her tea .
tr	I	Found a and seat collapsed into it .
tr	O	There was an old man , who played fiddle , and his son , who played the banjo , and a caller for the square dances .
tr	I	She was surprised at refusal his .
tr	I	If she had , she have would put herself at risk .
tr	I	He could sink his teeth into soft skin and feel the flow of life , hear the quickening rhythm her of heart beating in tune with his .
tr	O	The bones of her metamorphosed heels and feet shattered into dust .
tr	I	People in the immediate looked area at Joan .
tr	O	Aidan 's brows met over his nose as he gulped down more coffee .
tr	I	Ever since Jordan told what me had happened , I 'd been convinced Cal had cheated on me because of some lack in me .
tr	O	I think I am ... going to go back to school .
tr	O	Jake heard the wistfulness in her voice and wondered about it .
tr	O	If I 'd known you were that tough I 'd have killed you in Costa Rica .
tr	O	Certainly she wouldn 't be very good company tonight .
tr	O	A scream rises from deep in the forest .
tr	I	This was the moment forming of , and gods do not doubt .
tr	O	I regretted my decision to leave my sweatshirt at home .
tr	O	there his mind went playing the same trick again .
tr	O	He was a huge and well-proportioned tall male , with dark hair fastened at the nape of his neck with a silver cord of some kind .
tr	I	His opened chest longitudinally .
tr	I	The light coming is from his right hand , flames glowing dully despite being underwater .
tr	I	But if the girl was human and harmless , why hadn 't she listened when Keller shouted had at her ?
tr	O	As I ran , I glanced up at the sky to let the sun warm my face .
tr	O	Buck 's voice was a gruff snarl .
tr	I	' Could be ... ' Alfie uneasily shuffled .
tr	I	She broke already into the warehouse .
tr	I	Picking up her clutch , she tucked it beneath her left arm and shook slowly her head .
tr	I	She turned to wall the .
tr	O	The only thing that came out of Kylie 's mouth was a gasp .
tr	I	Taking a deep breath , Savannah vowed to make reunion this peaceful .
tr	O	A rage of stimuli rattled his nerves , transferred his life energy onto hers .
tr	I	I followed him and waited outside the bathroom so 'd I be out of the lights for a little while .
tr	I	His heart was going to be gone quickly if wasn he 't careful .
tr	I	I 've also an got amnesia thing going on .
tr	I	One have should given way for the other .
tr	O	He turned and dragged himself out slowly as if he were exhausted .
tr	O	People always said the wrong things , even when their intentions were good .
tr	O	After the plaster skeletons dried , they assembled them ; being sure every part fit together perfectly and would function correctly .
tr	I	Perhaps this would a be waste of time .
tr	I	Perhaps this time he would pierce right through midriff my .
tr	I	Luna sat up from her bed and stared at the droplets splashing of water on her window .
tr	I	Brady materialized in the doorway , and Liz softly sighed to herself when she saw him .
tr	I	I half expected him to pull a gunpowder pistol from coat his .
tr	O	In her mind she traced the dragon that she 'd drawn on her wall .
tr	O	They were talking to each other , obviously without nestlings to look after , and once they 'd passed by I breathed easier .
tr	I	His fingers gripped my as elbow he led me out of the room and into the kitchen .
tr	O	He claimed wild animals marked territory that way , and took some good-natured ribbing .
tr	I	Richard had been told to let everybody know that James would be making way his back stage after the show .
tr	I	Rourke grabbed my and hand ran with me out of the trees .
tr	I	As I waited for Morgan to kill me , there one was comfort in which I found solace .
tr	I	It would guarantee his safety , working with the who ones sought to take over .
tr	O	She placed a hand on his shirt , curling her fist into the fabric and pulling him just a little bit closer .
tr	I	His grandfather often started out their in lessons this fashion .
tr	O	He answers but gives away no more detail .
tr	O	The Pioneer was currently resting at the bottom of the shallow sea .
tr	I	Their lips stayed connected for several minutes , their brains shutting as down they delved deeper and deeper into the kiss .
tr	I	Solange fired off several rounds as the large black cat tore up the tree trunk , shredding bark as it scrambled to get her to .
tr	O	I was still adjusting to staying awake during the day and sleeping at night .
tr	O	Points for thinking ahead .
tr	I	You head to Ma 's so you can update them be and there when everyone starts rolling in .
tr	I	She in was his protection .
tr	O	The pirate looked across at the Captain , startled .
tr	I	Lucas had been forced to his pull feet out just like me .
tr	I	The great human queen landed on limply the rocky ground , her remains unnaturally twisted .
tr	O	To Frank 's right , towards the old bridge , were several fallen gnarled trees , reaching far out into the river and horribly bent from storms .
tr	O	The ballroom had been decorated in hues of white and glacier blue , with swaths of silk floating from the ceiling and ornate glass baubles hanging between .
tr	O	The John Paul affair continued to make this complex problem even more complex .
tr	I	The message was Clarice from : GOT YOUR NOTE .
tr	O	He wouldn 't stand a chance .
tr	I	A healer -- oh , but for not me .
tr	I	It all 's about your expectations going in , your actions and reactions while undertaking it .
tr	I	Sean shook awake me .
tr	O	So driving out 39 he was still thinking about Beware , the presence of evil and the help of the Lord when they came upon this mess .
tr	I	She lay back on the bed , flinging her arms wide dramatically as I up snatched cards before she creased them .
tr	O	The case had gone nowhere for a year .
tr	I	I will to rise my position with every ounce of strength I have .
tr	O	At that point , he found himself tiring of the game and wanting her attention instead .
tr	I	I can see the inside hurt of him .
tr	I	You make me sometime laugh .
tr	O	Where could she even begin to start looking for the money ?
tr	O	The same cannot be said for most of my friends .
tr	O	the old man asked .
tr	I	If Sloane 's disappearance was indication any , Chase was close to something huge .
tr	O	His vague discomfort with the touchy-feely contact didn 't rise above the din , but you could see it on his face .
tr	O	Laci was shocked that she 'd revealed that much , even to her friend .
tr	O	She dropped his hand and punched him hard in the chest .
tr	I	It wasn 't early all at .
tr	I	His hazel eyes focused on Elena as if she were insane , although knew he better .
tr	I	He took a step back , bumped into something , and turned and into looked the gaping maw of a very large shark .
tr	O	She nods , turning her head to kiss my palm .
tr	I	A school bus spun out of control on an icy road and fell into a ravine deep .
tr	I	They needed to faster go , but the deep snow turned their sprinting into slow motion .
tr	O	Sawyer yelled at a guy climbing into a truck whose bed was spilling over with students .
tr	O	She 'd texted Chloe five times since the swim meet , but Chloe hadn 't written back .
tr	I	Pigeon his pressed lips together .
tr	O	More blood poured into the vampire 's lungs drowning him from within .
tr	I	Another mile I and 'd be home .
tr	O	I hear his voice , but can 't hear his words .
tr	O	Grandma pulls up and hobbles out of her car .
tr	I	The man big flattened hands on the counter , both angry and defensive .
tr	O	He pushed his dented crown back into place from where it had slipped down over one ear .
tr	O	I definitely didn 't expect that .
tr	I	Especially since his desires the skirted edge of dangerous ... of acceptable .
tr	O	What 's the punishment for a Norman who kills a Welshman ?
tr	O	As she slammed in the first gear , they surrounded the jeep their hands slapping at the windows , clubs knocking at the windows .
tr	I	I 'm not just going to add extra an hurdle for you to clear .
tr	O	Mateo looked furious as he turned to her , but when their eyes met , his expression softened .
tr	I	But before he put their bags his down cell phone started ringing .
tr	O	The bald man started trembling .
tr	O	It took a lot of work to straighten them out again .
tr	I	The to trip my cell hadn 't been scenic .
tr	O	He 'd be dead before he hit the ground .
tr	O	If it meant swallowing your pride and beating your enemy , hell yes . '
tr	O	I just hope there 's enough time to get some kinks worked out .
tr	I	The Raccoons scored the winning in run the twelfth .
tr	I	It was served with a deal great of honey , which rendered it drinkable if not entirely palatable .
tr	I	He wasn 't even sure why he felt like he did , like his chest was wide cracked open .
tr	I	He leaned up on his elbow , closing the distance between us , pushing his hand into my hair and moving to it cup my face .
tr	O	It should be easy .
tr	O	I fol owed his gaze to her white , unmarked neck .
tr	I	His knife point caught a in tunic fold .
tr	I	After about 25 minutes , there was a knock on my door and I to opened let Nick inside .
tr	I	Lightning veined clouds the .
tr	O	They arrived at s red light and Mike paused but then nodded as if willing him self to finish the story .
tr	I	But realizing it didn 't make an apology easier any .
tr	I	Was it possible to feel so much from such small a bit of flesh ?
tr	I	The was sound magical .
tr	O	' We haven 't much time . '
tr	O	Kids were screaming about the strange explosion , laughing hysterically , or making nervous comparisons to Titanic .
tr	O	The keys are in the ignition .
tr	O	It tumbled to the floor , but she didn 't care .
tr	I	His hands stopped their merciless roaming but lingered in the middle of my back , his fingers batting at the loose strings of my top bikini .
tr	I	Questions Sander over looking the massive crowd of monsters running around fighting and tearing apart a large unidentifiable animal they are feasting on .
tr	O	Bluebeard had won in the end due to his great size and strength , but now he was getting older , his mind slower .
tr	O	The deadbolt takes me longer , but after going through each of the keys on the ring , the last one fits .
tr	O	After midnight they walked hand in hand to the bedroom , stripped off their clothes and climbed into bed and one another 's arms .
tr	O	He jumped up and rushed to drop his tray off with Tom and Joe close behind .
tr	I	The past couple days 've I learned something else too .
tr	I	He grabbed 's Jun hand .
tr	I	Miao told me happened what .
tr	I	She had decide to in a split second who needed her most .
tr	O	She completed a MBA at the Universidad of Mexico .
tr	O	Preston shook his head .
tr	I	I tried not look to back .
tr	O	No problems so far , although it worries me that the MPs have been so quiet .
tr	I	The metal bent his in hand like paper .
tr	I	I 've received word the that Romans are headed this way .
tr	O	I will admit , I almost turned it down .
tr	I	The trees grow without blemishes the for same reason - to make it harder to find your way .
tr	O	He took my hand and traced the veins in my hands with his fingertips and he raised his eyes to look at me .
tr	I	I shook head my .
tr	O	Now , there was only heat ... and so much desire it took her breath away .
tr	O	And in the window I 'll put chimes and on the sill , flowering plants .
tr	I	Shoving Peggy aside , Hannah faced others the .
tr	I	Magnus had been to that town only before once , and had not stayed long .
tr	I	But it 't didn appear .
tr	O	The profile was an embarrassment of riches : Flex had undergone psych therapy with an avatar of the dutiful Planetary Medical AI ( a would-be god ) .
tr	I	Trevor walked around his desk and placed a hand on the other 's man back .
tr	O	The time zones have finally caught up with him .
tr	O	I didn 't expect to walk out of the Council chamber .
tr	O	The rain started about the same time the bell started ringing , so we know she wasn 't wandering around in the rain .
tr	I	It had the Clio 's logo on printed the side .
tr	I	Each demon has a unique ability their in bites .
tr	I	She his pinched ribs .
tr	I	Upon first entry , there was noise no .
tr	I	I don 't know how much Vermillion has to done protect the place .
tr	O	I will be popular by association if I can keep up with their quick gait .
tr	I	Jack his held tongue , watching the process with fascination .
tr	I	I at pulled my hair in frustration .
tr	O	I want to get a non-smoking room .
tr	I	Maybe he saw his in parents his dream .
tr	I	Cassandra at laughed the image Chris 's words conjured in her mind .
tr	O	One day they would get that ... although it would probably be too late for them .
tr	I	He saw her shudder , saw how she began to gather up edge the of the sheet between her hands .
tr	O	I laugh , but Trystan already has his footing back .
tr	I	She cautiously held out her arm , her body angled away him from .
tr	I	The last time he 'd heard anything about Owen after was Ty had come out to his recon team and Owen had stormed off .
tr	O	It was all she could give him after everything she 'd learned .
tr	O	His tentacles could look like a very realistic tattoo , and it was a tattoo , but with a thought he could make it tentacles again .
tr	O	I have told her she can talk to me about it all if she needs to .
tr	I	It was of course meant not to be .
tr	O	Della glanced over my shoulder and then back at me and smiled .
tr	I	The warrior seemed to debate with himself for a long while , in rooted place .
tr	O	I 've told you that my dad was abusive .
tr	I	Markman braced a foot against the cave wall and suddenly realized he was firing his weapon with one hand and blocking beams Qi with from the other .
tr	I	Jane pretended to be studying the laminated menu in front her of .
tr	I	And with mother my sick with lung cancer , my sister and I really needed him .
tr	O	He 'd caught each one by surprise and deactivated it , stripping out its power cell for his own use but leaving the creature otherwise unharmed .
tr	O	He slipped his hand into Renna 's , and her heart twisted .
tr	O	I wondered if she sensed that I was challenging her definition of the term .
tr	I	A glimmer of arousal need and .
tr	O	It was a torrential deluge ; the raindrops blew in all directions and now they battered him all over ; he felt so cold and bruised .
tr	I	It has be to Nick .
tr	O	She strode out of the store .
tr	O	He stepped towards me .
tr	O	Are you sure you definitely let him finish what he was saying ?
tr	I	He dove 'd in front of her .
tr	I	It was already dark this early spring in ; we hadn 't switched to daylight savings time yet .
tr	O	Serena smiles to herself as Ervin groans .
tr	O	Ibrahim stopped dead in his tracks , holding the receiver in his hand .
tr	I	Samuel ran out of nowhere and himself threw against Thornton 's gun arm , deflecting his aim .
tr	O	His head dropped back , eyes gazing up through the ceiling , and the soldiers let go , backing away .
tr	O	His workday started early at his veterinary clinic but he always made it a point to be home by the afternoon .
tr	I	To stretch out these last moments with Josh and his family , knowing they would be flying half way round the world in a days few .
tr	O	I gestured towards Caridad .
tr	I	He slowly his lowers guns , pointing them in a safe direction .
tr	I	When the earth below to begins angle up , Serena pulls a fish from her pouch .
tr	O	He opened up the envelope , dumping out the ring .
tr	I	Heather , one of the other girls her on floor , peeked inside .
tr	O	The stuff they say ?
tr	O	Milne was right , she was a fantasy .
tr	O	So that was where their relationship was , she acknowledged to herself .
tr	I	Mother is on way her .
tr	I	he says in his usual way greasy .
tr	I	The whipped blade past Tiberius and sank into Andrew Blackthorn 's chest .
tr	I	The first thing I notice is Crewe 's strong , tanned back , hunched over on the edge of the bed facing window the .
tr	O	Categorize them and classify them so they fit into a prescribed category .
tr	O	I want to be there when you tell her .
tr	I	Jon was out of touch American with society ... he felt out of place .
tr	O	Every breath a victory .
tr	O	Grace dismissed his praise with a shake of her head .
tr	O	' How young were you ? '
tr	O	She directed this last comment towards David .
tr	I	Grandfather Noah is descending the ladder from the house deck right now .
tr	O	With one last whimper , he slid to the floor .
tr	O	' Money is a far better reward than a clear conscience .
tr	O	He was far enough south that the snow would seldom last more than a few days .
tr	O	The moment passed , and Amy was back to normal .
tr	O	I looked on in disbelief .
tr	O	The bowl of grubs reached her and she passed it on .
tr	O	I gasped , jolted out of my drowsy anticipation of warmth and silence .
tr	O	He couldn 't even think of words to say .
tr	I	And that someone , brandishing broom a , was doing a fairly good job of fighting off the attack .
tr	O	They snap ... Jump in the river ... Sit down in the road and wait for God ... Or Moses , or Muhammad to show up .
tr	O	I just have a few more questions , and then I 'll let you get some rest .
tr	O	Several bushes lined the outer fence and a small elm tree offered shade from the blistering morning sun .
tr	O	She pointed past Coral to Desdemona , and her tabard .
tr	O	No figure there compared to Gwendolen 's as she passed through the long suite of rooms adorned with light and flowers .
tr	O	Joe 's thoughts drifted becoming more complicated that he would have liked so he pulled out of them .
tr	I	Kincaid her held eyes a moment .
tr	I	She didn 't right answer away .
tr	O	Hypersonic transportation made visits to most anywhere in the world feasible in under half an hour .
tr	O	Chapter 15 When I stopped for gas halfway back to campus , I sent Kennedy a text telling him I 'd decided to go back early .
tr	I	I should have there died .
tr	O	The beastly canine looked like a bulldog the size of a Saint Bernard .
tr	I	I prayed to whoever and listened promised everything I could .
tr	I	I didn 't have to much work with .
tr	I	She was uncertain what it would take possibly to actually ruffle this man .
tr	O	There wasn 't a thing I could do about these atrocities .
tr	O	Aiden 's above me , his hands on his cheeks , his honey eyes wide , his breath and heart erratic .
tr	O	A lot of people are hurting .
tr	I	If wasn I 't sweating before , I definitely am now .
tr	O	She would not let me pass and would not give me information .
tr	O	She broke away and gasped , biting her lip , so that she wouldn 't cry out loud .
tr	O	Amazingly , I was able to make it work , but the process wasn 't graceful .
tr	I	No one else had entered the library in the last half hour , at least not she that could tell .
tr	O	He bends me back so I 'm under him .
tr	O	Carly glanced over her shoulder and realized that Peter had sent her in alone .
tr	I	Her father had told her the story and before she had drifted off into her own thoughts .
tr	O	Once latched on , Kane sat down on his haunches and lifted his head , his strong back muscles straining to take Tucker 's weight .
tr	O	hands to the floor .
tr	I	I didn 't want to any kill of them .
tr	O	He pointed to the shorter guy behind him while two more men came up the fire escape with shotguns .
tr	O	I don 't know .
tr	O	I say , taking her hand in mine and tracing my finger around her ring finger .
tr	I	It was all good no .
tr	O	I hoped the comment explained my startled reaction .
tr	I	His lips parted even further and he looked as though wanted he to say something else , but chose not to .
tr	I	I shouted , my voice not as strong I as 'd expected .
tr	I	Especially with the risk he 's by taking expanding , we need to reassure him of the solid platform we can build using his current assets .
tr	I	It just wasn 't that done way .
tr	I	WALTER Her : story I do want told .
tr	O	Sally wondered if the pictures of pretty women and handsome men indicated that they were in their prime when brought to these strange shelves .
tr	O	Cindy was there , I thought happily as we walked in .
tr	O	She watches him carefully the rest of the way to her house .
tr	I	Aphrodite didn 't those take words well .
tr	O	And over all , the intoxicating scent of woman .
tr	O	He saw her clearly for the first time .
tr	I	It that seems the medley of spacecraft was talking ... to each other .
tr	O	I must not neglect to say that .
tr	O	Mana began to pack the stone jug and picnic things in her basket .
tr	I	The only thing that popped in head my was to distract him with something more important .
tr	I	I smashed my fist down against the coffee table and it shattered , shards of glass cutting my into hand .
tr	I	I march forward , my pumping arms .
tr	I	Chapter 1 : reflected Moonlight off the soft rippling Mediterranean water near the dock .
tr	I	Rick held a wobbly shot in glass the air .
tr	O	Well , almost like everyone else .
tr	I	When they were finished with their seemingly daily routine , they disappeared down the corridor and went about business their .
tr	O	It was a face .
tr	I	Your husband gets week a off , but he 'll be too busy to take it .
tr	I	Again she turned to expecting see the angry shadow with red eyes and hints of war paint and tribal mask reaching for her .
tr	O	Bile rises to my throat with the thought .
tr	O	But I am teetering on the edge of grief 's mouth , and if I returned to my parents ' old faction , it would swallow me .
tr	O	To expect anything to happen bordered on ridiculous .
tr	O	Luigi was the same height as Simon .
tr	O	Hank was burly with a thick chest that narrowed only slightly where it met his neck .
tr	O	I know who they 've captured , or you wouldn 't be so excited .
tr	O	I would have known that as much as I wanted him , the last thing he needed was sex .
tr	O	Her phone vibrated gently in her jacket pocket .
tr	I	He shook his head spinning , knocked for six .
tr	O	Something 's not right , but it is just a dull feeling , an intuition .
tr	I	She well kept clear .
tr	O	But I did not want to go back to our conversation of the previous evening .
tr	O	In front of him , row after row of empty seats run down to a rippling , red curtain covering the screen .
tr	O	I smiled at him .
tr	O	He winces at my words , and then presses on the brake , guiding the car to the side of a deserted stretch of road .
tr	I	Then stopped we and exchanged uncertain looks .
tr	I	He older 's than you assumed .
tr	O	Of course I panicked but my dad put his arm around me and had a big smile on his face .
tr	I	Now that we have established a permanent trading post in Kiev , it is this trading factory that receives the cargo or payments from south the . '
tr	I	Lissa thought ask to .
tr	O	In solar , other than the panels to collect the sun 's energy , the storage batteries were the critical components .
tr	I	We just lie there blinking at each until other our eye lids start opening more and more slowly .
tr	O	Yet another conversation they should have had before rushing into marriage .
tr	O	He glares over at him before heading upstairs .
tr	I	When the door closed , York went over to War and placed a comforting on hand the boy 's shoulder .
tr	I	My hands went automatically up to cover my eyes and I cursed .
tr	I	His head angled downward until his lips were pressed her to throat and the silken silver hair brushed her face .
tr	O	I yell as we head to the left , down yet another long corridor .
tr	I	I got the feeling he not did like unexplained things around his cases .
tr	I	And she learned once that they emerged , they told everyone about everything as in everything about their claiming , down to the most intimate detail .
tr	O	On landing the vessel spun and skidded at a sixty degree angle .
tr	O	For a moment in the ruin of the man Case thought he could see the little boy Bill Hill had been .
tr	O	I appreciated the reading material : The War of the Worlds by H.G. Wells .
tr	O	Once upon a time , that had been Hades , but he 'd proven he was nothing more than empty words and promises .
tr	O	Nick returned his book to his back pocket .
tr	O	Surely the night sky should be lit up as one glorious sea of light .
tr	I	I turned the memories off and tuned back Angel into 's voice .
tr	O	Soon they had both modeled a dozen different outfits , pulling on pants and skirts over their existing clothing .
tr	O	Within a few steps , its head fell off , its body collapsed and it caught on fire .
tr	O	She could not understand a word , only that they were arguing about her and she hoped her fear didn 't show .
tr	O	This was good in Ezra 's mind .
tr	O	Her body was so different from his .
tr	O	Her voice broke , and she struggled not to break down and weep .
tr	I	The suggestion , his idea , was the beginning the and end .
tr	O	Douglas strove to avoid the wreckage , stopping to gaze at the purple splendour of copper beech trees contrasting with the bright yellow of larch .
tr	O	ELEVEN Surreal walked down the steps to the sunken garden that held two statues .
tr	I	I asked , as we wove our way through the maze of alleys , littered dumpsters with overflowing with bottles and reeking trash .
tr	O	Control Team 's got it patched up .
tr	I	Lucia lifted her eyes from contemplation of the Fashion Fall Lineup .
tr	O	He walked toward me , still holding the dead fetus in his hand .
tr	I	She nodded but I could tell by her tensed language body she was frightened .
tr	O	The cords in her neck stood out .
tr	O	' You will then be thrown to the sacred crocodiles , by order of the king , ' said Dios .
tr	I	She her tips head back , her big eyes peering up at me .
tr	O	Reggie thought it best not to talk about the fistfight between two of the county executives that occurred at the last meeting .
tr	I	Violet , Patti , the whole family knew much how Russ admired her .
tr	I	A meet-and-greet was scheduled afterward so they be 'd tied up the rest of the day .
tr	O	It was amazing how I refrained from calling her names .
tr	O	She knew her friend too well to assume she would sit out of the conversation .
tr	I	The old man 's shoulders tilted with the aero fliers , and he clapped his together hands .
tr	O	What 's wrong -- you turning yellow ?
tr	O	He strides into my room and plops on the bed .
tr	I	I next buckled him into the back seat and wadded up the van 's emergency for blanket a pillow .
tr	I	While Brad spoke several of those , Leo 't didn understand many of the words that came out in a slow , lazy drawl .
tr	O	All I really wanted to do was smack him upside his head .
tr	O	And now ... they were talking about my family .
tr	O	I wish I had a picture to show you .
tr	O	It hadn 't been her .
tr	I	Printed the in United States of America .
tr	O	And while he 's also meant to accept their recommendations , in many cases he 's gone his own way .
tr	O	I 'm pretty sure it jumped out of my chest as soon as he indicated for me to follow him .
tr	I	After deep a breath , I started lowering myself towards the ground .
tr	O	As I get closer , I see something on the seat .
tr	O	He worked quickly and without hesitation .
tr	I	It smacked his into shoulder .
tr	I	And Rina thought knew she why .
tr	I	He drove her to such levels need of that she would have done anything to keep experiencing the pleasure he brought her .
tr	O	I could honestly say I 'd never thought of Bourbon Street at all .
tr	O	Sundry valuables missing including professional digital camera and accessories .
tr	I	Dave had suddenly very become dry in the mouth .
tr	O	More detailed descriptions of the rituals for prayer derive from the example set by the prophet Muhammad himself as preserved in Islamic traditions .
tr	O	Then he 's kissing me , really kissing , reaching deep down for more .
tr	I	Talon was relieved Flint had the changed subject himself .
tr	I	That was where I heard first about Shadowhunters .
tr	O	He pointed at a door on the far side of their abode .
tr	O	Ayman has always been the one pouring out his heart , and I 'm the one who holds back and wisecracks his butt off .
tr	I	Allyson jokes , but she touches her hand to the camera so it appears on the and screen Dee knows she 's not joking , not really .
tr	O	Her tone conveyed disbelief .
tr	O	Long after I 'd been sent to bed , I lay awake , fighting sleep because the air was alive with voices .
tr	I	She closed her eyes and pinched herself , but she 't didn wake up .
tr	O	Max looked around and noticed it , too .
tr	I	' You sweetheart okay ? '
tr	O	But it was my fault .
tr	O	Coyote laughed before he mocked him .
tr	O	He 'd lived those lives , the lives of others , for a few brief moments .
tr	O	She narrowed her little green eyes .
tr	O	Marcus had stepped up and defended Clarence against the Warriors , convincing them to leave him alone .
tr	I	She clutched my arm and was silent for a moments few .
tr	I	His was throat ripped out ?
tr	O	Vel considers and eventually has to spread his claws in puzzlement .
tr	O	In the firelight , his watery eyes were hardly blue at all .
tr	I	To prove it , I pinched my then arm hissed when the pain came through loud and clear .
tr	I	I reached out and took hand her .
tr	I	And perhaps I 'll be able to use some of what you 've learned about Cartier to at least mount an effective for defense Jeremy .
tr	I	At moment that the arrival of our train is announce over the speaker .
tr	O	Threads of orange red broke from the sizzling bolts of lightning , spinning tightly into a ball at a twist of his fingers .
tr	I	What hell the did it mean when a man couldn 't keep a woman out of his space , much less his mind ?
tr	I	Doesn surprise 't me .
tr	I	He sat up and looked around , in the dim morning light that through filtering the opening in the large tent .
tr	I	Jamie watched her go , then his dropped head into his hands .
tr	I	He paused , feeling tree the .
tr	I	She sure was it was his eyes she 'd remember best .
tr	I	Soon another when librarian was in earshot , Lillian called her over .
tr	I	He set 'd her up with his brothers and their wives more for his convenience than for her sake .
tr	I	' We will have our New World ... ' He died , a thin trail of blood trickling his from mouth .
tr	I	The sudden quiet Rachel made believe Ethan was getting his wish .
tr	O	You want to be my girlfriend ?
tr	I	All day long , 'd I tried to work up the nerve to tell Olivia about the wolves .
tr	I	You can go to class today and worry not about it .
tr	O	Echo 's secret place was no longer secret .
tr	I	As I cleaned knuckle each , I kissed them .
tr	I	The 's unit left arm twitched .
tr	I	But the leaves on the trees were turning , and the forest was laid out before me like patchwork a quilt .
tr	O	I didn 't think he heard me at first because his head was buried inside the engine compartment of the sedan .
tr	I	She could until wait Tate arrived .
tr	I	The wind whipped through the rocky crag , and Thor at squinted the harsh sunlight .
tr	O	Simon and his Ancients , those spiritual beings he credited for everything that happened .
tr	O	I asked for ... helpful assistants . '
tr	O	Winston fondled the clipboard .
tr	O	He was big , even bigger than I remembered , yet I craved the feeling of every hard inch invading my body .
tr	I	' Yes probably , but they 't haven done anything wrong so we can 't arrest them . '
tr	O	He liked that I could hold my own in a fight .
tr	I	Isabelle 's lip quivered as if she were about smile to .
tr	O	He looked beyond the bar and became still .
tr	I	I measured the handshake to be but firm not aggressive .
tr	I	When she his felt arm slide around her and his other hand touch her face , she closed her eyes and leaned in for his kiss .
tr	O	When I did , I was shocked by what I saw .
tr	O	And then it was all gone , and an older , wiser Lexi had come back to Purdy .
tr	I	' You just 're ... well ... you 're dating someone who is completely wrong for you , ' he hurls at me .
tr	O	No matter how many times she tried to rationalize the message , she knew with certainty that it had been personally written and placed here by Drake .
tr	O	Most importantly we will once again become a beacon of peace ... not fear ... not war .
tr	I	Even if anyone had seen the bird , they have 'd thought nothing of it , more than likely .
tr	I	Liz opened the and menu skimmed the choices .
tr	I	I look up from staring my into lap .
tr	I	' He 's for wrong you .
tr	I	She figured the crashes would hurt Hemisphere Air business 's and drive customers to the new airline .
tr	I	They had delayed , frozen the as car followed its flaming destiny into the porn shop .
tr	I	He lunged at the black shiny object , stretching the final few feet barely and managed to grab hold of them as he fell to the ground .
tr	I	Get hold of him his on mobile ... ... he might need a hand .
tr	I	He heard Chen Dr. greet someone , stiff and formal .
tr	I	One angled leg out in front of him , the other draped over the armrest .
tr	O	And her First Circle was going to want time to consider the ramifications of what she 'd done tonight .
tr	I	Sonia had these of kind reactions and often .
tr	O	Can we trust her ?
tr	O	Eleanor gave one final , agonized heave , and the midwife cried out in triumph .
tr	O	I couldn 't perform the same feat .
tr	I	Are we to ready begin ?
tr	O	But he didn 't want Ollie or anyone else to hear what his mother had to say .
tr	I	I lowered my to pipes my side .
tr	O	He kicked a fairly substantial boulder in the center of the structure .
tr	O	Frankly he didn 't feel like caring .
tr	I	It a has nice sound and uses the names of the other creatures it comes from .
tr	I	Also , I figured it was time to start up seed a crop .
tr	I	It 's that apparent the universe hates me .
tr	I	I dig my finger into the braided wires , separating the wire red from the others so I can see the letters more clearly .
tr	O	The move caused him to fall backwards onto a steel beam that cracked one of his ribs .
tr	I	Mario clapped his on nephew the back .
tr	I	Terese rushed across the bar and shoved her way past the few stragglers who still were moving on the dance floor .
tr	I	It had seemed too much to ask , too unattainable , and she had preferred to wallow in her sorrows rather risk than hope .
tr	O	Once we were past the breakwater , the sailors pulled in their oars and began hauling on various ropes .
tr	I	The waiters wore white uniforms knew and her by name .
tr	O	The silence seemed to cut through me like a knife and warm tears trickled down my face .
tr	O	Claire wasn 't sure what to do , so she waited .
tr	I	And in the back of his mind he that realised it was not entirely untrue .
tr	I	But he not could take the chance of losing her again .
tr	O	The last five wolves were The Giant and his four equally massive brothers .
tr	I	He slid two fingers inside me easily and eyes his darkened .
tr	O	She would have to be more careful in the future .
tr	O	Finally Chip throw out one of his typical comments .
tr	I	He picked out some card games and some of his favorite classic board games and tucked them into the shopping youth cart .
tr	O	But what about Dante 's announcement tonight ?
tr	I	He thought her accusing tone and was offended .
tr	O	-- their mother was smiling .
tr	O	All of them roared at the memory of Edan 's desperate last throw .
tr	I	It was a end dead in a way .
tr	O	She slammed the phone against his beefy chest as he stared down at her in surprise .
tr	O	This one wasn 't a thrift store find though .
tr	I	Before the rapids got bad too .
tr	I	I done had this to him , I knew , and I really felt no pity .
tr	O	Searching her eyes , he saw the lingering terror in them , a sort of unfamiliar vulnerability .
tr	I	She served Spinelli and first then me .
tr	I	I looked like just another corporate drone office , right down to the enormous black handbag I carried .
tr	O	That was an unsettling comparison .
tr	O	Squares of dirt showed where the floor was broken , and Clary could see that black vines had begun to twine up the walls .
tr	O	What in the hell had happened ?
tr	I	Mack pounds my on back a couple of times .
tr	I	I can adopt the in future .
tr	O	After all , we hadn 't lived in our house very long .
tr	I	His mother mouth 's dropped open .
tr	O	No , I do not know that name , or at least it was not mentioned to me ere my journey on the Plains began .
tr	I	I just ... I don want 't her to be with Baker .
tr	I	She paused , rubbed hands her together .
tr	I	He sighed and led me over to seats the .
tr	I	' You have it lost .
tr	I	Jacob 's grip around tightened Dee .
tr	O	He starts to walk down the length of the pool .
tr	I	Lots of suet in the puddings and dumplings plus all the roasts , gravies thick , organ meats , and mutton .
tr	O	They didn 't eat together often , but gradually they were spending more time together .
tr	O	His grip tightened on her ass as he rubbed himself against her .
tr	I	I felt my breath catch as Zach back glanced at me .
tr	O	Kate had suggested they go back to the hotel and go swimming instead .
tr	I	Maybe ... maybe the other aspects would their find way to wherever we were going .
tr	I	I how realize I must look .
tr	I	She appreciated people who kept teeth their clean .
tr	I	The smile on his face eliminated the sting his of words .
tr	I	He caught up with her at the river 's edge and picked her up in his strong arms , both with shrieking laughter .
tr	O	They went , and it was loud and filled with drunks , and Jessica was loud and kept on drinking .
tr	O	With a sigh , Annabelle wrapped her arms around his neck .
tr	O	No other country in the western world had a leader who had an eighty five percent popularity rating .
tr	O	He lifted one of the blankets , undeniably curious about his child .
tr	O	My aides will contact you to confirm the time of our meeting .
tr	I	Pasha disclosed Arthur 's unsophisticated plan knowing without it .
tr	O	It explained why such group with women and children arrived in this dangerous place to begin with .
tr	I	You feel bad that feels he bad .
tr	O	* * * Sleep was rather easy to obtain ... but it was hard to keep .
tr	I	His give family me the creeps .
tr	I	I reached the doors and pushed an unmarked next button to them .
tr	I	But nothing about our family was normal , I which was reminded of yet again when Nixon strapped ammo to the inside of his ankle .
tr	O	He sifted through a few other items before holding up Nathan 's driver 's license .
tr	I	Mother had this thing about ears clean .
tr	O	Blake met Dean and Jim at Karen and Michael 's home in Beverly Hills .
tr	I	With a red haze of fury blinding her , Emma quickly moved forward , extending her to hand introduce herself .
tr	I	He gently touched it with his and fingers grimaced .
tr	I	I made it easy them on .
tr	O	Blake moved toward him , and Rusty swung at him .
tr	O	It wasn 't his first patrol , or even his second , still , his hands were sweating .
tr	O	The Rembrandt is a copy of A Lady and Gentleman in Black .
tr	I	Kellan didn 't he realize 'd gone still beneath her until Mira 's hands stroked his face .
tr	I	The Fed printed and the borrowed government .
tr	I	What difference could make it ?
tr	O	He felt himself relaxing .
tr	O	Kelly mentally flipped through options .
tr	I	He worked in Packers the , too - butchering hogs .
tr	I	He seems with happy that response .
tr	I	She tugs it loose , her losing balance as it springs out of the ground .
tr	O	She gestured around her .
tr	O	Cassandra didn 't speak as she and Phoebe followed after them all the way back to their apartment .
tr	I	Such was my happiness I had to convince myself time and time again I that wasn 't dreaming .
tr	O	Without being told , she went and stood in the corner , facing the wall .
tr	I	His expression relaxed but his eyes remained narrowed , watching for me any signs of cracking .
tr	O	I am only eighteen .
tr	O	I would never leave my son .
tr	I	After about a half hour , Matt comes with out the woman .
tr	O	He was loading his Colt with funny-looking bullets .
tr	O	She 's the original human lie detector .
tr	O	Got no business living out here .
tr	I	That were people staring .
tr	O	A small cottage in the suburbs , with wisteria and roses and a wicker swing , was worth way , way more than all of this .
tr	O	I finally arose and went to the kitchen .
tr	I	Susan marched over it to , flicked it on , and flipped through stations .
tr	I	It was the way of things in Serendipity and his dad , bless him , was the school high janitor .
tr	O	I guess you could say I 'm disappointed .
tr	I	He closed his eyes as I lathered his hair with shampoo , a purring sound grumbling in his chest as my scratched nails over his scalp .
tr	I	What 's that about all ?
tr	O	I blushed , as though I 'd been caught with my hand in the cookie jar .
tr	O	He eased her back on the rumpled bed , his face a mask of determination .
tr	O	His eyes kept returning to the coke that Grandma delivered on his order , and he stirred the bubbles with his straw .
tr	O	Or had he slept with so many women that the features blurred together into a homogeneous female form ?
tr	I	Any of one these cars would do me .
tr	O	He paused outside the patio door , listening to the hearts beating inside the house .
tr	O	Arthur was a little upset .
tr	I	He kissed hand my .
tr	I	Kimberly and Tony stood off a in corner , their foreheads pressed together , whispering secrets .
tr	I	He let 'd her down , and she 'd turned to the dog for comfort .
tr	O	One is a portrait of Mama , Daddy , two children , and four senior citizens at a picnic .
tr	O	John , give Dave the shotgun and help me with those trash bags .
tr	O	And then ... if Death wasn 't going to come to him , he 'd go to Death .
tr	O	It encourages us with its warmth throughout the day , giving us light to make it possible for us to be able to do our work .
tr	O	I had nothing left I could add so I walked over to comfort her but she pushed me away .
tr	I	To be able to push him away and walk out of house his .
tr	I	Xavier would save questions explanations and for later .
tr	I	More than a few drug go deals down .
tr	O	I straighten , and look around the room .
tr	I	He wanted 'd to do this for five years .
tr	O	He reached out a hand to help her out of the boat .
tr	O	Though she hadn 't planned on breakfast with the family , one meal couldn 't hurt , no matter how domestic .
tr	O	There was to be no hurting this girl .
tr	I	Though I knew my chances of escape low were , I had to try .
tr	I	The priest was the captain leading the vessel through the storms life of .
tr	O	He began stroking her , petting her as if she were a wild creature he was trying to soothe and tame .
tr	I	My mind grasped a for plan .
tr	I	His chest up heaved and down as he spoke .
tr	O	I slowly turned my head and caught a glimpse of Ian and his date heading up the stairs .
tr	O	With the fire blazing in her blue eyes , she was as likely to bite off his hand as she was to hold it .
tr	I	Her heaved chest and she sobbed .
tr	I	If I didn 't get food and water soon , I would be close collapsing to .
tr	O	He didn 't seem to want to let it drop .
tr	I	Painfully , he explained about Elena seemingly jumping out of the car the and tracks that led nowhere .
tr	O	Clint felt bad for the kid .
tr	I	I 'll bring you food some !
tr	I	Gray hesitated ; then nodded he .
tr	I	But there was something else about the man that caused all Rick of 's apprehension to melt away .
tr	I	There only was one cart in sight .
tr	O	Sarah 's mind scattered in all directions searching for a clue .
tr	O	What the hell is this place ?
tr	I	Why 't can we play ?
tr	O	When Savannah thought she was ready , I waded in carrying the board , walking beside her .
tr	O	I followed her in .
tr	O	One silver lining was that Kevin would be driving me to school , so I didn 't have to arrive ridiculously early with Monty .
tr	O	It must mean something , this unexpected commitment to Mariah .
tr	I	While Graeme wasn 't ignorant of female flesh , he could hardly considered be the expert his brothers apparently were .
tr	I	More and more members to want join the club .
tr	O	The smirk left Clint 's face and was replaced by his previous seriousness .
tr	I	Winter can 't last much past May , and then it will be time to get out of here hopefully ... with other people .
tr	I	A few minutes later , they cleared had the Sausalito marina and were gently traveling across the bay .
tr	O	There 's no way I can explain that to the police .
tr	I	For the rest of that day , and the following , I watched as a ghost Martin while blindly attacked .
tr	I	He was truly worried about her .
tr	O	' I had a fight . '
tr	O	There were books on the table , old and leather-bound , as well as scattered bundles of herbs and flora .
tr	I	It 't wouldn be .
tr	I	The family had first made their way Selman to Ri , hoping to find work .
tr	I	The embrace increased with the emotions suspended that could now be fully exposed .
tr	O	WHO That 's not what it says !
tr	I	Not for fear herself , but for what was about to happen .
tr	I	The whole web was with vibrating pure joy .
tr	I	Then a bark of closer laughter at hand .
tr	O	And we danced , this girl and me .
tr	I	It locked was , too .
tr	I	He should be to able manage a clean escape from there .
tr	O	Modesty and shyness wouldn 't help either of them now .
tr	O	Rema wanted him to leave so she could figure things out , without him intoxicating her with his presence .
tr	I	The telescope hold took of the fourth rider and swallowed the ghost .
tr	O	The damage was done .
tr	I	I dare not share our plans now , I but will need you to speak with the magistrates and governors in your regions .
tr	O	I hope you have a wonderful honeymoon with Paul and a great marriage . '
tr	O	It gives us a point of reference .
tr	O	It 's obvious that he likes you .
tr	I	Her words over melted him .
tr	O	Norma came in and nodded to him and he nodded back , a silent message being conveyed between the two of them .
tr	I	I was getting headache a .
tr	O	She started to grow frustrated when he jerked the wheel to the left , nearly skidding off the narrow road .
tr	I	He shot glance a to Grant , and then left the way he came .
tr	I	It all was too confusing to think about .
tr	O	We been out here goin on five years .
tr	O	First things first : stealing breakfast .
tr	I	Trajan looks at dead me and I swallow hard .
tr	O	Someday Cameron and I would graduate college , get married , and then have a couple kids .
tr	I	Meredith tended point to out things like that .
tr	I	She 'd imagined how he might look as a wolf but the reality was ten more times impressive .
tr	I	This thing can keep 't hurting people .
tr	I	The exact scent same .
tr	O	I will not go to visit Santa Claus in North Pole .
tr	O	Once past the stiff British reserve , he seemed likable enough .
tr	O	In the small cell , the noise was a loud clap of thunder reverberating off the rock walls .
tr	I	I contacted in you your dream ; otherwise , I could not possibly do it .
tr	I	Once Bree placed her order , the and waiter had walked away , her attention shifted to me completely .
tr	O	He set his glass down on the bedside table and arranged himself beside her .
tr	I	Like a child , she is happy she that will take it into her pocket , something she likes and will take home .
tr	I	We have to get dad , they are too strong to hold any off longer .
tr	I	The cars remained overturned , the yet flames ceased .
tr	I	For now let 's go see what Doris in has store today .
tr	O	He 'd seen this valley , seen Sebastian in it .
tr	O	Is that the only reason ?
tr	O	Graeme really must assign one of the women of the keep the duty .
tr	O	Kevin would never forgive Neil for vanishing on him without warning this fall , and Neil hated that .
tr	I	He unfortunate was to be caught up in this .
tr	I	A couple dozen shots of the same rock appeared on the screen , but all of them a had larger tree growing on it .
tr	I	But there wouldn 't be a time next .
tr	O	It isn 't the Minister of Marketing , even though he has the blackened heart of a crook .
tr	I	You wouldn 't me hurt .
tr	O	How could the man she 'd fallen in love with do this to her ?
tr	I	He 'd just pulled into the driveway when Liza turned him to .
tr	I	Behind me , a sniffle delicate rent the air and tore my heart .
tr	I	Frank was physically shaking now , hard fighting to concentrate , hands cold and sweaty .
tr	I	Michelle was finishing red her and white paper bag of popcorn .
tr	I	Robert shared his cup Leland with , who tried not to look at Philip .
tr	O	The outcome will follow the design no matter what you do . '
tr	O	This was my opening .
tr	O	Keeping an eye on her weapon , I edge a little closer for a better look .
tr	O	I take a deep breath and let it out sharply .
tr	O	Not according to Vlad !
tr	O	She slapped her hands onto her hips .
tr	I	Chris looked as miserable as ever , keeping his face down in his plate and focusing only on eating while other the werewolves talked around him .
tr	I	This time he sat very straight in the saddle and his moved horse at a walk .
tr	O	It was Wednesday morning , and she 'd been gone well over a week .
tr	I	His breath came with out a shudder as he watched .
tr	I	Conway sat , at staring the screen , not caring that the others were leaving .
tr	O	The juvenile is wearing a kind of simulation rubber face , the face of a girl .
tr	O	Dan saw a man standing in the corner alone , just before the shades returned to him , and he disappeared into them .
tr	I	She not would betray Cian .
tr	O	After all , it was her scent at your house .
tr	I	She gave a him slow , predatory smile .
tr	O	Trisha a bit perturbed .
tr	I	There another 's knock , a little louder , and then the door is slowly pushed open .
tr	O	He had no idea what to make of his feelings for her .
tr	O	No urgent classes calling her back to campus .
tr	O	While Robyn played as the white kingdom , she could play a white tile on Gabriel 's black side and mess up his strategy .
tr	I	Karen came back the on line .
tr	I	The worm were stings getting worse , not only in her head now but spreading through her body until she thought she might go mad .
tr	I	It 's the oldest trick in the book , but we couldn 't have taken a new mother and child her with us to explore the station .
tr	I	Doesn 't touch me , doesn 't speak again and we sit there for so long I think he fallen has asleep .
tr	I	His hair flopped forwards she and would have pushed it back except it was too greasy to touch .
tr	O	I take a deep breath and wipe tears from my eyes .
tr	I	Sebastian smiled , though did it not reach his eyes .
tr	O	Alas , the look was lost on Mister Blackwood , affirming his inability to deduce things , at least to me .
tr	I	His voice is sober , businesslike all .
tr	I	I wondered if she knew she different was .
tr	I	Luckily , things are settling down now but it 's going to take a long time to rebuild some of areas these .
tr	O	Then I release her wrists and hold her face between my hands while resting on my elbows .
tr	O	He was only supposed to take you out of there .
tr	I	Sam moved toward door the .
tr	I	Why 't couldn they just call it what it was ?
tr	I	He showered while his mother read Christina to into her bed .
tr	O	I gasp at the brief flush of heat from the touch of his lips to my skin .
tr	I	Like all drugmakers , they horrified 're of litigation .
tr	I	He followed out her onto the sidewalk and checked the street .
tr	O	That was pure Lucien , doing what he wanted to do and damn the consequences .
tr	I	And they said that there was some form of new technology could that be used to disable the Guard .
tr	I	He couldn quite 't remember .
tr	O	The prospect of an empty future was horrible but at least not yet so horrible as the thought of confronting her father .
tr	I	My fingers bleed would , my neck would burn , my back would hurt .
tr	I	I no wanted more pain at the hands of these , or their charity , either .
tr	O	He backed up , lit a cigarette and tossed it in the fumes .
tr	I	Then she washed her and face looked in the mirror .
tr	O	I told them that when they got the flowers , but would they listen to me ?
tr	O	Quietly at first , then with enough force to cause the fortress to crumble .
tr	I	She seething was with anger - justifiably so , after such an attack .
tr	O	Neither said more , their silence acknowledging the lie in their optimism .
tr	O	Even after she 'd signed the papers , he lingered , hovering about her .
tr	O	She was too delicate .
tr	O	It then sent a message to the Masters about the Infants and the Forgotten Ones .
tr	I	She 'd helped an old man his through last days and she 'd enjoyed his company , too .
tr	O	The sounds conjured images of epic battle .
tr	I	The officers ' wives have socials once in while a .
tr	O	He stiffened , his muscles coiling and going rigid .
tr	O	All of the men were staring at her .
tr	I	Apparently , no had fire been lit in the fireplace for several days .
tr	I	It was so much to ask of anyone , even friend a as near and dear as Lindy .
tr	I	Nan checks watch her .
tr	O	No one responded to her screams , but Andy still looked like he wanted to jump off the bike and tend to her wounds .
tr	I	I turned around , but couldn 't see anything but the smoke from the nearby factories blowing along the with breeze .
tr	I	Jonah stood beside black a and white cab , door open .
tr	I	As radical as he was , at least it didn 't look like Rafe had taken vow a of poverty .
tr	I	Cale wasn 't walking away like all the other had men after that look .
tr	I	It another was man .
tr	O	She didn 't really care about getting at school early , so she walked slowly down the street looking down and kicking pebbles aside .
tr	O	We took a table in the corner near an old jukebox .
tr	O	Cheers to sexy billionaires indeed .
tr	I	A bright , white erupted light from the ring .
tr	I	I around continued the house , reaching over and opening a side gate .
tr	O	I don 't want to forget Trevor yet .
tr	I	She to wanted be near him , but not so close that the longing that she felt overwhelmed her .
tr	I	Had they bothered they have would ended on 677 .
tr	O	Her lips curled in a tiny smile .
tr	I	My vision and clouds my feet burn .
tr	O	* * * Eliza turned her attention back to the stage as the lights went down and the first strains of the opera began .
tr	I	A mess whose grades did a nose dive into the bottom the of class .
tr	I	I glanced over at the pile of bleeding Drake profusely from his face .
tr	O	Max 's face went white , his eyes wide in shock .
tr	I	Such my is life .
tr	I	I at looked Mr. Green .
tr	I	No cashier at the ; register no one in the store .
tr	O	It needs to be in the bed .
tr	I	I couldn 't remember noticing anything about the woman on love the seat , which doesn 't happen to me .
tr	O	I would probably run from me if I were to see myself as I look now .
tr	I	I sigh stand and .
tr	O	Especially for people who left their homes underdressed .
tr	I	His voice is anxious , his eyes boring Jonathan into 's who is now staring at him , angrily .
tr	O	Then only Pate was there .
tr	I	Where once were there two , now only one we see .
tr	O	He looked up at Gaius .
tr	I	He started with Sex on the Beach before breaking into new a one called Water Walks .
tr	I	As I strap in , Vel hands me a of packet paste .
tr	O	Even though the first human he 'd spoken with had been rude , it had still felt good to talk to him .
tr	I	He had said something about a he rumor had heard , and almost in the same breath , he had mentioned Daryn and his mother .
tr	O	By the looks of the rooms , they belonged to Evan and his sister .
tr	I	He had to admit that visits to the duke grand 's mansion were made easier by the soft embraces and friendly kisses of the four ladies .
tr	I	I just can resist 't .
tr	I	There 's a going party on , cars lining the driveway , people standing out on the deck and loitering in the yard .
tr	I	The band of fear around her loosened chest a little , giving her room to breathe .
tr	O	He needs to rest . '
tr	O	He held her gaze , and in his eyes Alison saw his love and the promise he was making .
tr	I	Made remember him what Weil had said the night before .
tr	O	She threw her napkin on the table and made her way out of the restaurant .
tr	O	Adam stood up slowly and turned round .
tr	O	This afternoon I visited the constable and asked to know who found the boy .
tr	I	A half dozen radical tried groups to take credit , making the truth even more difficult to ferret out .
tr	I	' I know , ' Linda getting said off the point .
tr	O	There was too much chatter .
tr	O	No sense trying to protect anyone any more , me or Gallo .
tr	O	Soon I found myself ensconced in a luxurious office space adorned with neat , upscale furnishings and painted in soft pastels and assorted soothing shades .
tr	O	The drumming sound pulled her closer .
tr	O	One dark eyebrow went up when he caught her shocked expression .
tr	O	That 's when she noticed how solid his arm felt under her hand .
tr	O	Well before dawn , Cassie 's scent changed .
tr	O	Charlie smiles with a shake of her head .
tr	O	Harrison and Navarre were still in conversation when the doors closed behind Reece and Levi .
tr	I	He was trying everyone 's number hoping someone had a kid , or roomy who 'd know the name of the hotel were you staying at .
tr	O	Earnest had always been something of a geek .
tr	I	Your are clothes here .
tr	O	The navy blue dress shirt he had paired with them was a good choice .
tr	O	He had reached his limit .
tr	O	Someone had cut her brake line .
tr	I	Yet the emotions she felt with them couldn 't compare to the she ones had with Christopher .
tr	O	Esmeralda left them and headed for the stairs leading to the princess 's bedchamber on the other side of the palace .
tr	O	She appears to be preparing to pull a spawn missile from one of many storage racks .
tr	I	Mel picks up the on third ring .
tr	O	I backed against the wall , staring at the empty doorway , waiting for the spirit to show himself .
tr	O	It was a lie but I wasn 't going to tell her that I hoped her brother would have been my first .
tr	O	He 'd given her a fleeting thank-you kiss on the cheek before leaving in the helicopter , certainly nothing to get fussed about .
tr	O	Though I would never admit it to them , the twins had a point about taking risks .
tr	O	Could she be any more annoying ?
tr	O	If you have any problems or concerns , shoot once or scream your head off , and I will be back before you can blink .
tr	I	His eyes lifted from her curves to face her .
tr	O	I touched the doorframe and got an impression of a constant flow of women in white gowns going back and forth through here .
tr	O	He considered several possibilities .
tr	I	They cause a unifying of the different physical fields to change and time space .
tr	O	Being held in his muscular arms and breathing in the heady scent of his cologne made me giddy .
tr	O	His pitching wedge came up just short of the green .
tr	O	He nodded , recognizing that she was leading him to something important without actually handing him the information .
tr	I	Nick in shifted the chair , tapped his fingers on the desk and stood .
tr	I	With no money , they had been forced to find food , living off picked fruit in the forest .
tr	O	Dever watched him brush his shortly cropped hair with his hand .
tr	O	I don 't think they were accidents .
tr	I	He handed her the credit card again , again and , his hand trembled .
tr	O	Bailey asked hesitantly as I stood by the bed .
tr	O	She had chosen the best route to deter him .
tr	I	Her vision swam and blurred for a moment , but she thought she someone saw in there .
tr	I	He shrugged her hand off him and marched to exit the .
tr	I	He was conscious of the fact it the was first time she used his name .
tr	O	But then she would thin out so that the light and food would just pass through her .
tr	I	I did not have an adequate of glimpse his reaction either .
tr	O	Just then their waiter reappeared , and asked if they were ready to order .
tr	I	He was alone , and barefoot unconcerned by everything around him .
tr	O	They hoped , that after the attack had passed they would be able to reopen the gateway .
tr	O	Georgie threw him his bagel .
tr	O	He keeps focusing on the mulch .
tr	O	That fucking croaking is grating on my last nerve .
tr	O	A living , breathing total package .
tr	I	I handed axe the back to him .
tr	I	Gabriel had him seen do it often enough .
tr	I	She told driver the to return to the same location fifteen minutes following the end of the game .
tr	I	She 'd gone off to the bathroom , and considering the ever-present lines in a crowd this size , knew Henry she might be a while .
tr	O	He cracks the paperback spine and settles in .
tr	O	It was fairly lame , but I knew he would appreciate the gesture .
tr	I	I 'm way out YA of age and still loved it .
tr	O	We exchanged pleasantries and handshakes , and the three of us sat down .
tr	I	He rolled over and to tried think about the next day 's lesson .
tr	O	Reaching for my face , he tilts my chin up and looks into my eyes .
tr	O	He grinned and told Winkler to call anytime .
tr	I	her current customer , a stylish , middle-aged woman with perfect bangs and a fat glittering rock her on left hand asked .
tr	O	She had heard that the hot vintage band , Downhill Nikki , was going to be in town the week after Christmas .
tr	O	She could feel the color quickly rising to her face .
tr	O	Then he sat down in shock .
tr	O	And Tiffany was ... Tiffany was the woman everyone had always thought he 'd marry .
tr	I	He would have looked upon it as an ultimate breach of the trust he 't didn give easily .
tr	O	She nodded with a resigned look .
tr	I	I was one of four maybe diners .
tr	I	We should become better acquainted before wedding the .
tr	O	The ground was littered with pale white stones .
tr	I	He her shook off .
tr	I	Lauren found her first smile genuine of the day .
tr	O	If that thing was still alive , then he was going to finish it off .
tr	I	Valentine sat back , his hands behind head his .
tr	O	It 's that feeling that pops up in all of us sometimes .
tr	I	And judging from Pia 's reaction , he bet 'd right .
tr	O	As if the dog recognized a fellow war victim , he lifted his head and watched .
tr	I	And she because did , the noise from the entire crowd died .
tr	I	Riley had nothing said .
tr	O	Perhaps , This is not the end of the road but beginning of another journey .
tr	I	Many of inhabitants the would have been her relatives .
tr	I	She 'd to have call Roger , talk to him about upping the dose , the damn stuff just didn 't work like it used to .
tr	I	He wanted to her hold .
tr	I	He realized that his whole body had tensed into pack a of taut wires ; he forced himself to relax , still careful to control his breathing .
tr	I	I sick 'm of it .
tr	O	Raven entered the cabin without protest .
tr	O	Kaitlin was on her third victim .
tr	O	What happened with you and Roth by the way ?
tr	I	The creature reached had the front step .
tr	O	The only feature in the room that was the same as the rest of the complex was the tiled floor .
tr	I	None the of street names or buildings is familiar .
tr	I	Reggie is brilliant , I 've seen him in action and when he is about passionate something he can wipe the floor with anyone else .
tr	I	Sakura , on the hand other , couldn 't seem to make even one sibling like her at all .
tr	O	How much more of this could she bear ?
tr	I	If you go on like this you will constantly be their objects and of victims torment .
tr	O	Selma glanced at the ceiling , envisioning the room above where Amber usually hid .
tr	I	I struggled to break their grip , the but cold metal of a wedding ring brushed against my skin , and I stilled .
tr	I	Did that the mean trouble spot was during those high school years ?
tr	I	Susi followed after him and they their had discussion in private .
tr	O	She looked prim and professional , the opposite of Nick in every respect .
tr	O	He absolutely could not understand why I didn 't want them to match .
tr	O	Nobody deserved to be kept this way , like an animal locked away for a lifetime .
tr	I	Malik couldn 't expect more , especially not if was I dead anyway .
tr	I	Afterward , they ran through the game park , he where kept pace at her side .
tr	O	In fact the entire small town seemed to be completely deserted .
tr	O	He grabbed my legs and swung them in his lap .
tr	I	The made trembling the words stick in his throat .
tr	O	On a good night , that is .
tr	O	Eleanor made a rude sound .
tr	O	She recognized the spot where Alain had fallen just as she reached the tangled wire .
tr	I	His rang phone again .
tr	I	In the dream , I faced 'd a being of immense power - the Lord of the Shadows .
tr	I	Her mark glowed brilliantly like it perfectly was tattooed on her .
tr	I	That didn 't feel half good as as I hoped it would . '
tr	I	Cassie stared helplessly her at .
tr	I	I laugh , and we start walking down long the drive away from the warehouse .
tr	I	A little of that stuff goes long a way .
tr	I	Mom is going to pick up you for PT in an hour .
tr	I	There 's that again word .
tr	O	I follow the Story because it matches my will .
tr	I	He lapsed into trance a which held him frozen for a long while before he turned his mesmerised eyes up at the moon .
tr	I	From broken windows to noises funky coming from the boiler , she had problems .
tr	I	Elizabeth Manning 's voice was filled gentle with concern .
tr	I	Had she the possessed pilot ?
tr	O	She put her hand on her hip , waiting .
tr	I	I had guessed and things surmised correctly .
tr	I	Her family rented a cabin from John 's every family year around hunting season .
tr	I	I tell him how we boarded the caravan , but then I have go to backwards to how we met Starbucks and Jarvis in the ruins .
tr	O	I 'd hoped in some way that looking back on the home I left would in some way help me move on .
tr	O	His dad smiled and tipped Tom 's head up until he saw a nest near the top .
tr	O	Kali willed herself to leave the darkness .
tr	O	The three of you represent three options , or he can do whatever the fuck he wants with it .
tr	O	Three men fell before the first enemy had a chance to return fire .
tr	I	Grandma her opened door .
tr	I	It didn seem 't to be sitting well with him , and he had been burping it up ever since .
tr	I	Hands trembling fed I the crane .
tr	I	It immediately began gulping rags of kelp while Thomas off ran down the beach .
tr	O	The sun was hot , but under the tree , the temperature dropped by at least fifteen degrees .
tr	I	He tossed one in his mouth and his face puckered like he just had tasted a lemon .
tr	I	I was grateful that he was able to live a nine-year-old normal life .
tr	O	Nothing seemed out of place .
tr	I	Somehow , that had changed , the and swarms now appeared to be actually hunting .
tr	I	He gave him credit , Alistair knew how to fill a table with -- food lots of it .
tr	O	Often the king would visit his queen or his Ladies and stay at their Houses .
tr	I	A lot one like , actually .
tr	O	It seemed to me I had already been capable of an immense amount of destruction , without raising too many eyebrows .
tr	O	Luanne dropped the book she 'd been reading and stared at Ashe .
tr	O	But then , Kelsey had only wanted to do it once too .
tr	O	Emily 's voice , so close and speaking my name , sent a very peculiar feeling through me .
tr	O	I don 't really read maps very well .
tr	I	He studied me for an extra second , zeroed then in on it .
tr	O	She took a breath and dialed Vivian 's number .
tr	O	It is bare , and I stroke lightly over the smattering of chest hair .
tr	O	Though she was obviously still weakened from her ordeal , having a goal made her focus on that and nothing else .
tr	O	Eventually , he had succeeded in pulling two large pieces out of the frame .
tr	O	There aren 't many people you can trust in this world who aren 't related to you , according to the familial overseers .
tr	I	Daniel entertained these thoughts but slowed never his pace .
tr	I	In this case , the results admittedly were not optimal .
tr	O	He looked down , then spoke softly .
tr	I	My stomach tightens , like a 's hand just grabbed hold of it .
tr	I	We have good reason to such believe a secret exists .
tr	I	Merritt laughed a little much too .
tr	O	He gazed at the outspoken woman who had given him and his sister their only source of love and affection growing up .
tr	I	Beowulf asked her as she got out of the to car stand next to him .
tr	I	She had stolen away from her comatose guards and was climbing up the ladder out the of hold .
tr	O	They 've known each other longer so it made sense .
tr	O	In reality , I just worry about what Layla and Maureen will say .
tr	I	Father grudgingly handed him scroll the .
tr	O	The mailroom , quite oblivious to Joe B. 's anguish , resided serenely in the basement .
tr	O	Gray led them out into a lighted hall .
tr	O	Chapter 4 Ben had known Dr. Gordon Shepherd literally his whole life , the good doctor having delivered Ben thirty-three years ago .
tr	I	Other than that , the normally heavy workload was lighter the on late shift .
tr	O	She shifted her gaze to him once more .
tr	O	Having nipped that in the bud , she presented the younger man with her back .
tr	I	He smiled and then dipped his head , flicking his tongue each over nipple before sucking one into his mouth .
tr	O	He could feel the presence drawing closer .
tr	O	There 's a strong smell of mildew and rot from the spongy wood flooring .
tr	O	' Can 't stop , can 't stop , ' Jacob shouted back breathlessly .
tr	O	' Lethal hands and a pathological hatred of beer , ' Liz commented .
tr	O	The portrait was of a young girl with light brown hair held back by a delicate , jeweled crown .
tr	I	Cassie gasped hand her flying to her cheek as her head snapped to the side .
tr	O	Her brown hair was in a messy ponytail .
tr	O	The dogs wouldn 't budge .
tr	I	He was master the .
tr	I	You are taken from away me .
tr	O	A flatbed truck loaded down with hay bore down on them , headlights glaring .
tr	O	I suppose they must have , because he didn 't complain .
tr	O	But , there 's nothing here to be afraid of .
tr	I	As he over looked all the entries he narrowed his gaze and twisted his lips to one side .
tr	I	Mom mouth 's turns down in concern .
tr	O	Nor would he forgive himself .
tr	I	The trail along ridge the turned to the west .
tr	I	Money not is a thing , it is not even a process .
tr	I	The flight attendant by stopped our seats and smiled .
tr	O	Grace in victory wasn 't a concept he 'd learned from his father .
tr	O	Were they afraid , because they were outnumbered ?
tr	I	There were grand pillows on the couches with golden on embellishments them .
tr	I	His daughter was from dead drugs when she was fourteen .
tr	I	Now it looked worse even .
tr	O	He 's so big , but not in a scary way .
tr	O	She looked at both men .
tr	O	I sighed as he walked back to his seat .
tr	I	Altair had heard about archive this .
tr	I	It has and wood leaves and acorns and shit .
tr	O	Tessie 's thin young hands were loosely clapped in front of her .
tr	O	She swallowed hard and turned .
tr	I	This had end to , and quickly .
tr	O	Pass your kit to others and take the horses to the local barracks .
tr	O	We 'd been shopping in Austin when she pulled me aside .
tr	I	He indicated the cloth bag in corner the .
tr	I	Someone finally finally - - recognized me and informed Alex , who arrived just yesterday .
tr	I	I stand by decision my .
tr	I	Chase breath 's was coming out just as fast as hers .
tr	I	I wondering was why we were getting so deep all of a sudden .
tr	I	Until , as light began to I fade started becoming concerned I had lost him altogether .
tr	I	Try working your out way of those straps without help .
tr	O	She gave me a long and meaningful gaze .
tr	O	If you focus on the ball it will distract you .
tr	O	The strange boy runs fast .
tr	I	He 't shouldn have Honor .
tr	O	I arranged for a diversion , to keep them busy .
tr	I	I just can 't this lose feeling .
tr	I	Timmy watched as moved Genny one hand overtop the hidden wrist of another .
tr	O	She moved her shoulders experimentally .
tr	I	Even so , every time her fingers his met it sent a new thrill through her body .
tr	I	I 'll deal with intruders these .
tr	O	Wearing a towel draped over his head , and humming to the music , he slammed into Caroline , nearly knocking them both down .
tr	I	It certainly us helps blend in , thought Beau .
tr	I	He must me hate , I thought .
tr	O	It creates the false impression of stupidity .
tr	I	John Paul led them one to and stopped and smiled .
tr	O	It was about twelve years old , upholstered in an attractive creamy beige material with a slightly raised pattern , purchased from Argos .
tr	O	We paid for our purchases and headed home .
tr	I	He doesn 't like doing it even when mother his or father are around .
tr	O	The seam in back stretched and strained while she tugged the crotch closely to her form .
tr	I	That the is one place in the government building we cannot get access to .
tr	O	I look into his eyes again , and I do see need there .
tr	O	She searched for Rocco , her protector , who at the moment was too busy licking his privates to give a flying fig about her personal safety .
tr	O	I tried to stop .
tr	I	Most folks slept for several hours straight after being healed by Air an elemental .
tr	I	She inhales the scent of the rabbit 's works , smells bitter and tart , and fierce demure .
tr	I	I turned to face who dare touch me during this of moment rage .
tr	O	What if Stephan is out to hurt your fiance 's company ?
tr	O	Corrie was making coffee after collecting the day 's mail on her way into the office .
tr	O	Then Blue had bought her own chips , though it was clear the price was dear to her and nothing to Gansey .
tr	O	There 's still a small area of blood over his right ear , so I reach the washcloth up and wipe it away .
tr	I	I guess my consolation one is the fact she 's dead , for now anyway .
tr	O	And I cried with him every day for weeks .
tr	O	Mr. James asks from outside the door .
tr	O	They exchanged small talk until Desmond invited them to sit while he got them underway .
tr	I	The lasted reprieve seconds .
tr	I	I rode Blackie to him an at easy trot and halted .
tr	I	She her scratched nose , and waved away a buzzing midge .
tr	O	Mom wasn 't even around to lie and say everything would be all right .
tr	O	The moment it came apart , the gases hit Carmine and he blinked rapidly as his eyes started to burn .
tr	O	She had put on a good show for them , treating me like she was proud of me .
tr	I	Maybe it was because appeared Sean easy-going , and often ... normal .
tr	O	She slid back onto his desk , this time with an air of conspiratorial camaraderie .
tr	O	It was as if I 'd been hit about the heart .
tr	O	Jesse kissed my forehead and my cheeks , and then he brushed my lips with his , as if in benediction .
tr	O	Nicholas and she had known Philip ever since they had moved to South Jersey from Philadelphia .
tr	O	She was already out in the passageway and he was propelling her toward the ferry 's lower boarding section .
tr	I	Perhaps his dad knew there was nothing he could say that hadn Budda 't already figured out for himself .
tr	I	When am I going to find a man who wants a partner a not parent ?
tr	I	No bills , no checks , MasterCard no .
tr	O	Marcus glanced at Crassus , who seemed to have noted the same absence .
tr	O	And glorious that day would be .
tr	O	It 's better to error on the side of assuming they have been watching .
tr	O	In the back of Dave 's mind he had been thinking about Buzz ' little tantrum rather than his own putt .
tr	I	He looked Angelica at .
tr	O	He considered calling Z to let him know what was going on .
tr	O	One look at him told me that he felt the same way , but he dutifully opened the driver 's door to my beaten up little Neon .
tr	I	Noel 's eyes narrowed , as though he didn 't like particularly this shift of gears .
tr	O	Let me know what your committee comes up with .
tr	I	Images shifted in brain my .
tr	I	The mantra calming began .
tr	O	' Does anybody happen to know what today 's date might be ? '
tr	I	He switched to another thought that might serve to fill , occupy and him .
tr	I	One day when was she out , he told me we had to leave .
tr	I	Immediately adrenalin the rushed through Silken and after several minutes of sitting there trying to be decent , she hopped up and started cheering for her favorite .
tr	O	Ethan shut the door .
tr	O	And then his lips were gently touching hers .
tr	O	Back in Texas , Kel and I went to the same school .
tr	O	Edgar smiled at the three of them .
tr	O	Shutting his eyes , he tried to fantasize about someone -- anyone else -- but all that came to mind was Adela .
tr	I	She could never be of afraid that kind of love .
tr	I	The high-pitched voice startled her , she and jumped against Sam .
tr	O	Rhea brought her hands out in front of her and a luminous white light gathered around her palms .
tr	O	She said , holding the cloth open for him to see .
tr	O	I buried my face in my hands .
tr	O	He didn 't fear having to survive a third crashed ship , though another go around with that would have been a bitch .
tr	I	She pulled away and placed both hands behind her back , up smiling at me .
tr	I	In it two are coffins .
tr	I	His turquoise eyes fix on me , waiting , and he absently twirls a stand of Hele 's auburn hair around his fingers pale .
tr	I	It was the voice inside head his that had changed him .
tr	I	However , we do need something of great height to find a point reference of .
tr	O	Keeping a distance with her might be harder than I first thought .
tr	I	What an behavior awkward .
tr	O	Tried to ... For a moment , she thought she felt something .
tr	O	The horn tore his backpack from his hand , and he stared right into its shining green eyes .
tr	I	I write like Hemmingway because I love his prose short -- declarative sentences .
tr	I	Fortunately , on this unit only I had one number in my favourites list .
tr	O	Ren grimaced as if his wound pained him , then rolled his injured shoulder .
tr	I	The basket landed down upside near the bathroom .
tr	I	she asked with confusion , and it was obvious by the way she could barely keep her eyes open that she wasn fully 't awake .
tr	O	The universe of Star Sailor is tremendous !
tr	I	Jack his dropped head into his hands and began to massage his temples .
tr	I	The from sounds the hall and all of those inside disappeared , their presence no longer required .
tr	O	Don 't give them anything , he told me .
tr	O	My heart skipped a beat as his lips trailed across my forehead and my cheek .
tr	I	She shivered , away moving .
tr	O	Dean stood behind her with his arms locked around her tiny waist .
tr	I	This was going to another be very good year for him .
tr	O	Bryn shrugged , turning back to me .
tr	I	The parents actually had a good chance of survival , they weren 't of out the woods but they had a chance .
tr	I	I don 't remember him seeing in diapers now , so that 's no longer a problem .
tr	I	He tossing was a phone back and forth between his hands .
tr	I	I 't didn care .
tr	I	Marshall pushes Gage back rather violently and his takes place .
tr	I	Instead , she Hunter looked in the eye .
tr	I	I knew I would never have the life I had once .
tr	I	I 't didn make it past the front door .
tr	O	It was time to end all this .
tr	O	I wasn 't certain which one he was because there were other comic book characters fighting in the background .
tr	I	Holiday her wrinkled brows .
tr	I	And being involved with the program is something I 've come love to .
tr	I	Colors and the social custom of just colors didn 't apply here .
tr	I	Hoping it was not blocked , he pushed weakly and opened it .
tr	I	I am bound by that to duty find the other members of the Watchers , and to carry out my part in our sacred responsibility .
tr	I	Cricket isn 't tracking dirt in .
tr	I	There is an eerie calm inside me one and of my worst fears becomes a reality .
tr	I	He threw the stick and aside rubbed his hands .
tr	I	Mateo managed get to to his feet and start going through the house .
tr	I	A of chest drawers .
tr	O	They are not worth fighting for .
tr	O	Dante asks , jokingly , but not .
tr	I	His slowly eyes blacked over .
tr	O	That sends Mary laughing .
tr	O	It is almost as if she is keeping him alive .
tr	O	The next Monday at school , the boy stood up during lunch , told everyone within hearing distance that he owed Ella an apology .
tr	I	He looked and away I knew I was right .
tr	O	I could see the hazy outline of Logan 's body in the shower .
tr	I	So now here she was fifteen years later and apparently one not whit smarter , at least when it came to her sister .
tr	O	The Bureau leader was , as ever , in a jovial mood .
tr	I	How much of herself would she lose regardless of whether it justice was ?
tr	O	Vader began slipping ; losing ground .
tr	O	She takes the tube from me and covers all her exposed skin .
tr	I	I watch cut Francesca through the crowd from my position near the doorway .
tr	O	Dressed as she had been when she left The Penthouse the night before Carol climbed out of the car .
tr	O	Mum once told Dad that vices were only vices when looked at through the frame of society .
tr	O	Having made it halfway around the circuit , she was down to two glasses of champagne .
tr	O	I don 't know how to put a label on what 's going on between us .
tr	I	If they managed to improve their aim , he thought , the next burst would likely be for reserved the wheelhouse .
tr	O	But then , he 'd never really wanted any of them , not like he wanted her .
tr	O	She 'd seen a lot .
tr	O	Yes , I think I can make this work .
tr	O	The Council has to act now .
tr	I	She turned her mouth his into neck .
tr	O	A trickle of blood ran out of her mouth and down her cheek , and blood crept from her swollen nose .
tr	O	He wouldn 't know true human emotion if it were right in front of him - which it was , since she was aching inside and out .
tr	I	YOU ARE AT ALL TIMES TO BE AWARE OF THAT READING , WHICH WILL BE REDUCED ONE UNIT A AT TIME , EACH MINUTE .
tr	I	It was hard to think of this gorgeous woman next to him family as .
tr	I	He was her watching .
tr	I	He cursing shuttered at himself for losing control over his emotions in such a delicate situation .
tr	O	A guy I have yet to meet puts his arm around Eddie and kisses her on the cheek .
tr	O	His manager didn 't even bother hiding the jaded tone in his voice .
tr	I	After he 'd grudgingly agreed to stay away from his fellow shifters , I my carried bag down the short hall to the guest bedroom .
tr	I	When she awakened a second time , was she in complete darkness .
tr	I	My mother called bedroom them eyes , but she was talking about my father .
tr	I	His sputtered plans and stalled like a faulty airplane engine .
tr	I	He bent his knees to the absorb shock , tucked into a roll , and came up behind his parked pickup .
tr	I	Policy dictated that had he to get it ratified by the Circle .
tr	I	' Okay , but I need you to promise that you won 't tease me or get all excited over and analyze it .
tr	O	It took some effort as her limbs felt so heavy , but finally she was able to lift her hand and stroke Declan 's hair .
tr	O	Mankind reaching out to Mars to send people to another planet for the very first time and expand the horizons of humanity blah , blah , blah .
tr	I	Her trembled lips faintly .
tr	O	The old Fila loved animals .
tr	I	Agent Young opens the and folder reads through some documents .
tr	I	They quietly fumbled Mr. through Fillmore 's drawers .
tr	O	You want to help the people who are helpless .
tr	O	I pushed the white crisp paper into her hand .
tr	I	It doesn 't that mean you should give up your entire social life .
tr	I	I twisted my head to follow her gaze and found myself staring past the fire and into dark the eyes of Jake Caplin .
tr	O	One of the soldiers walked over from the campfire and stood next to Ramsey .
tr	O	The Romanian vampires couldn 't turn mortals into vampires , although an infusion of their blood prolonged mortal life .
tr	I	Good , could he use a swim .
tr	O	He gave me a funny look , half flattered , half perplexed .
tr	O	' It 's a waste ... not using the present . '
tr	O	It would be so easy to sit with Faith for the rest of the evening .
tr	O	When she opened her eyes again , the flames were dancing around her even more hungrily than before .
tr	I	Even the renovations seemed to be proceeding smoothly more , albeit slowly and expensively .
tr	I	Tia catches eye my and forces a smile .
tr	O	I couldn 't understand them .
tr	O	Not that she was , actually , discussing an alliance not seen in Dark Plains for more than a thousand years between men and dragons .
tr	I	My mom down looked at her bare feet on the step below her .
tr	O	Realizing all was well with the family , Sarah could rest better and little by little regained her strength .
tr	I	I mean , they were always good . '
tr	O	She looked at her sculpture in Ryan 's arms .
tr	O	Or maybe it was too true to life .
tr	O	Chris punched the air with a victory shout .
tr	O	We all see ze same stuff but interpret it differently -- sometimes to the point of accusing others of being delusional . '
tr	O	He whistled for Lazarus to calm down and sit still , and she snapped a few shots .
tr	O	I remember you writing that to me in a letter .
tr	O	Ten minutes passed by , nothing .
tr	O	He couldn 't remember the last time he 'd sat down at a table to eat a meal .
tr	O	I sprint down the hallway toward the door that leads to the parking lot , but as soon as I round the corner , I stop short .
tr	O	In the firelight , JC watched a couple of bats the size of pigeons fly drunkenly between the tents .
tr	O	My father got a phone call early that morning .
tr	O	Maybe she was too busy relishing the unmistakable heat and want in his expression .
tr	I	I just got a faint little .
tr	I	Mitch applied the right amount of foundation and powder began and to comb his hair .
tr	I	He shook his and head stared straight ahead again .
tr	I	This your is pilot speaking .
tr	O	You can bring him through and he 'll see for himself .
tr	O	Red wine began to take effect .
tr	O	When he finally reached his destination , the door to Tasha 's room was wide open as she and the mage were deep in a discussion .
tr	O	He would destroy Kaza for murdering his parents .
tr	O	She always wants to take care of herself .
tr	O	Emily had two options to give them .
tr	O	She began to dress but I asked her to wait a bit as I felt like my soul had been ripped out of my chest .
tr	O	I want to hide my face against his broad back .
tr	O	She 'd watched a few games since that first day at the ballpark .
tr	I	When I walked back outside , Marty had already helped to himself a 7-Up .
tr	O	Kyle had been listening to her side of the conversation and quickly took the phone from her .
tr	I	He ran his hands up and down her back , the pushing last of her worries away .
tr	I	He certainly wasn 't checking her out ; was he appraising her with a careful eye .
tr	I	Allen asked , his voice with rising every word .
tr	I	I know every single date Lila me sends on is destined to crash and burn because of the way I feel about Aston .
tr	I	Emma wiped her hand across her mouth and trying was to take deep breaths .
tr	I	Kevin 's doesn expression 't change .
tr	O	The speaker will have to tell us great truths .
tr	I	Me to go school ?
tr	O	Tasha took a deep breath .
tr	I	A knife was for useful many things besides killing .
tr	O	She texted back : Hey , how 's it going ?
tr	O	Another lonely day progressed .
tr	I	For a moment he longed to ignore vampire the he sensed standing on the other side of the door .
tr	O	Another giant with another bag stepped forward and pulled out a similar torch .
tr	I	I was just rejecting the package in which was it being sold to me .
tr	O	That even if it 's not hot , she seems to like the fresh air .
tr	O	Rick slammed on the brakes to keep the truck from shooting across the road and down into the ditch on the other side .
tr	I	Yeah , didn I 't know him .
tr	O	I peered at this woman .
tr	I	Acknowledgements My love and heartfelt thanks go out to my family who supported me my and dream through the years as Project Genesis slowly materialized .
tr	O	Any warmth that had been in her pretty , blue eyes when Allie drove up had long since fled .
tr	O	They would sleep on the beach with Reggie and Maggie .
tr	O	A muscle flexed along the hard line of his jaw .
tr	I	Sable 's rose eyebrows .
tr	I	The storm 't didn seem to touch him at all .
tr	I	Bird workers earned substantially by this repairing chipping concrete .
tr	O	It worked for swim class in junior high .
tr	O	It seemed like the only time her bus ever ran on schedule was when she was running late .
tr	I	Straker was the last enter to .
tr	I	I knew − it and still know it − as the year I was born .
tr	O	But when that hour 's up ... to protect you , to protect me , Mo. . .
tr	O	Garrick was my teacher .
tr	I	Surprised at her own determination , she recovered quietly the Breath from her cloak and her leggings .
tr	I	Reacher put Patti Joseph photographs 's back in their envelope and jammed it in the front pocket of his shirt .
tr	I	She ran for it , luckily and they were too unstable to follow her .
tr	O	He looked obstinate , and determined to get her off the plane .
tr	I	The nearest thing to a human passion which still existed in him was a sort of cold fury against all who believed in mind the .
tr	O	It 's the silver coins that are shiny like the moon . '
tr	I	The Prophet reached top the of the ridge and brushed the dirt from his fingers .
tr	O	' Or where Billy is , the gutless deserter .
tr	O	Rory dropped the gun and grabbed the long board that had stabbed her with its inconveniently placed nail .
tr	O	Ali wished she could see the looks on everyone 's faces , but her view was obstructed .
tr	O	At that moment I saw out of the corner of my eye the boyfriend raising his hand .
tr	O	I worked ful - time for Alco , hunting down new avenues of research .
tr	O	Katie thought she loved him .
tr	O	She , for Alexia assumed it must be a she , sat atop what could only be called a throne .
tr	I	This woman in is labor !
tr	O	Chapter 1 Five years later : Another assignment nestled itself snuggly into the promised chaos of my day .
tr	I	I like simplification the you did here .
tr	O	Nita called down as the gig continued to lower down to the water .
tr	O	I can 't believe how stupid and irrational I was .
tr	I	I insist coming on in and speaking with Skyler .
tr	I	He moved to his charts and on put a small overhead light that instantly dimmed the murky blue that had just filled the Proteus with mystery .
tr	O	Let her have some fun .
tr	I	He could 've stopped it if he 'd enough cared .
tr	I	He called out , but the wind lifted the away sound from her .
tr	I	In the months five since his father had passed away , Trevor had been juggling two nearly full-time jobs .
tr	I	They were trying to roam all over the with place this prophecy .
tr	O	Hunger should have taken them , but I had interrupted the chain and done so instead .
tr	O	He was now the only member of the team free and loose .
tr	O	Jane nodded after following Lodge 's outstretched finger pointing an area below .
tr	O	Ethan hadn 't noticed the door his first time here , but now he made a careful study .
tr	O	Then I realized those were just small sacrifices I 'd make to be with Alexander again .
tr	O	The breeze ruffled the tall grass around the pond , and I thought I could hear Elodie 's laugh .
tr	I	Tink and Nathan to withdrew the opposite side of the room .
tr	I	I 'd like to you see try .
tr	O	You should have a secretary dealing with this .
tr	O	Still there 's nothing fun about being shot in the eye .
tr	I	It was more like I knew someone was there : You what know I mean ?
tr	O	He rolled over onto his back and waited for a tummy rub .
tr	O	Haddington waited for him to go on .
tr	O	Yes , she understood his reasons for taking the money .
tr	O	Obviously , I had made myself open to her , but that didn 't mean I was thrilled about it .
tr	I	Every time he watched Mairi 's attack reenacted , it would not be some unknown actress ' face he would see with white fear .
tr	I	Henry said as he headed the for back bedrooms .
tr	I	The hydrogen ( the only available thing to burn ) combined with oxygen ( hence combustion ) and water became .
tr	I	I won 't that show sucker any mercy this time .
tr	O	But how could they have known ?
tr	O	That must be it !
tr	O	Then she noticed that the lights of the keypad weren 't even on .
tr	I	He was suddenly drawing her close , hugging tightly her as if she were a life preserver in the middle of a raging sea .
tr	O	People know what we look like and are more than willing to help their king catch the devils who murdered Phillip .
tr	I	He snap could her neck in an instant , she knew it .
tr	O	She 'd acted on impulse and emotion , which was out of character for her .
tr	O	And he really didn 't care .
tr	O	But now this music in the streets had awakened him too early .
tr	O	Animals that were most probably scared that they would be next .
tr	I	A young man in suit a sits in the first seat , lost in his iPhone .
tr	O	Belen 's face , normally serene , looked weary to my eyes , but then I was busy wiping tears away , so what did I know ?
tr	I	It was one of those hour twenty-four places that attract truck drivers or those who travel at night .
tr	O	She came back with some photos .
tr	I	' I don 't them understand but I remembered the symbols . '
tr	O	Surprisingly it was Jace , Thad and Woods .
tr	O	I waited , but the phone didn 't beep back .
tr	O	As soon as it hit the ground some of the meat flew up on the cleanest part of the engine .
tr	I	The was wine not helping .
tr	O	My former boss , I mentally corrected her .
tr	I	Melody looked where Ted was and pointing grabbed the magazine pouch .
tr	O	He didn 't know how she had escaped his tank , but there was no way he would let her escape again .
tr	I	The only thing he knew for certain in this completely hopeless situation was that he had to tell Angelica how felt he .
tr	I	Just like she 's suffering right because now Sydney blames Tam for my meddling in her spell .
tr	O	Barely ten minutes had passed since they 'd left when the Elder decided to make me leave the room myself .
tr	O	They had roadblocks set up here for a while and a pretty good security presence .
tr	I	CHAPTER THREE RACHEL WAS and WARM cozy .
tr	I	She out jumped , sure that she had Nacho trapped this time .
tr	O	From the start they had treated him like a leper .
tr	I	It made her shiver resolve like glass under a hammer , but she neither slowed nor turned .
tr	O	Once safely back at my Set , I lock the door , pull the curtains and settle back in bed with the four bottles .
tr	O	Josh nodded again with slightly more vigor and disappeared down the stairs , ready to avenge his brother .
tr	O	She bit down on her lip , the moan catching in her throat as he thrust himself into her , needing her around him .
tr	I	He felt , he since 'd christened the name of our army , he was some kind of official mascot or something .
tr	I	But when Glock got to Ricky 's house , he wasn there 't .
tr	I	I tried to smile a little , show to him I appreciated him sticking up for me , but my lips couldn 't make it .
tr	I	If he ever had any in the place first .
tr	I	On top of that , there going was to be a council meeting .
tr	O	Damn it , I could kick myself for dragging you over here like this .
tr	I	I didn 't mean emotionally , I practically meant , and Arthur realized it .
tr	I	The bed was large , a four-poster heavy carved elaborately with roses and twining leaves .
tr	O	The only time I 'd ever eaten a mango was after I 'd sliced it up and peeled off the skin .
tr	O	I ran to the door and threw it open .
tr	O	How thoughtful of him to go back for it .
tr	O	To her it looked as if the room had been decorated straight from some interior decorating magazine .
tr	I	He broad had shoulders , but they were bent , like he bore the weight of an invisible burden .
tr	I	It felt safe , a where place father and daughter could talk .
tr	O	Which only confused me more .
tr	O	He dribbled it , and then passed it to me .
tr	O	He could still be at the New York Covenant in the Catskills .
tr	I	Micha is in bed my and has me in his long , lean arms .
tr	O	He was unaffected by his spell .
tr	O	That was all I had in response ?
tr	O	It 's time you went to bed .
tr	O	Perhaps it 's time you put aside your boyhood loves -- and your love of boys -- and settled down .
tr	I	Grace told me it was stupid me of to paint the same thing twice .
tr	I	I don 't know what game you 're playing but you can quit go and .
tr	O	Valentine raised his head .
tr	I	He 'd been waiting for me to a make mistake and I 'd not disappointed him .
tr	I	Perhaps when all this was over he might be able to get done it at last .
tr	I	A radio lay to side one .
tr	O	They 'd only gone a few feet when something flew through the air .
tr	O	When I returned the second time , Hank had appeared and was ready to play .
tr	O	She loved him , but somehow , if she didn 't make love with him , some small part of her heart remained hers .
tr	I	I have should known you would think that way .
tr	O	He 'd showered in Jane 's second bathroom , but not until he 'd made breakfast for Kate .
tr	I	His was computer on .
tr	I	She spun around to meet gaze his .
tr	O	He was right too .
tr	I	The problem was that I 't didn get the big whammy that I usually did when I touched someone 's stuff .
tr	O	She was making headway through the screen and as it broke through , she began her scramble over the lower crossbar .
tr	I	Ellen dashed into the living room while Anne Marie carried the of platter fried chicken outside and set it on the table .
tr	I	' Its nice to know that someone around knows here what is going on . '
tr	O	Jenny broke out laughing at Martin 's shocked expression .
tr	I	She my patted hand .
tr	I	He was in a hurry , and he didn 't want to be burdened carrying valise the with his binoculars and whiskey bottle stashed inside .
tr	I	Lex had called even him an adrenaline junkie once .
tr	I	In my absence , another table been had pulled up and three more chairs added .
tr	O	One big hand came to rest briefly on the back of her neck before he turned away .
tr	I	These dangerous were waters .
tr	O	I want complete silence as you inhale the beauty of the written word .
tr	O	The Delta Force 's plan to stage an accident by arranging four dead bodies on the ice shelf was no longer a viable option .
tr	I	Do you know what a code zip is , or a tax bracket ?
tr	O	Zac put the tea kettle back on the stove and returned to the table .
tr	O	She broke from Ethan , went over to Adam , and stood up on tiptoe to brush her lips over his .
tr	O	Why , you ask ; it matches .
tr	O	How could I have been so stupid ?
tr	O	When he opened it , I thought he was going to order me out .
tr	I	Of there course 's you noble folks from Red .
tr	I	Do you really want to the take risk that the last time you meet her , you part in anger ?
tr	I	From the plans of the estate that Victor had procured , we knew it lead would us to one of four cellars underneath the mansion .
tr	I	' We 're to going get you home as soon as we can .
tr	O	Chapter Five There had to be a cogent pattern he could find to help him define for himself the overall purpose of their discovery .
tr	O	In the cities , all energy of every single person and animal and of the nature are cumulated and they glow .
tr	I	said Logan , his exaggerating snobbish tone .
tr	I	Kelly was levelheaded the , kind , sweet , calm , orderly one .
tr	I	Very fancy , with polished wood frames window and brass fixtures .
tr	O	I had a right to find out a thing or two on my own .
tr	O	The sprites were cute , but they had a mean bite .
tr	I	Julian opens and it I can see his surprise .
tr	I	Norah stirred , her eyes open fluttering .
tr	O	So why did they need this extra facility up here in the middle of nowhere ?
tr	I	But then a rueful smile softened her lips and she scooted over to cuddle next up to him .
tr	O	As if reading my mind , Sofie began shouting obscenities at the group , provoking them , distracting them .
tr	O	His arms around me , my leg between both of his , our faces level , given the bit of rock I had climbed up on .
tr	O	Seth tipped his head back and laughed .
tr	O	Charles and I stayed some distance away .
tr	I	My question came out as breathless a whisper .
tr	O	She ran until Quentin 's gentle touch was a distant memory .
tr	I	When he saw his opening , he drove his knee into Horn the soldier 's head .
tr	O	The aircraft is in the middle , hovering about twenty centimeters high .
tr	O	' Bruce Lee 's meditation would be great for you , actually .
tr	I	Where his tiny fingers dragged the stone away crumbled .
tr	O	Except , when Colin did it , she felt a warmth seep into her belly that she did not feel when Steve did it .
tr	I	Velda 's small body shaking was .
tr	O	Drake had been involved in that nightmare situation , too .
tr	O	He wiped at his eyes with the back of one hand .
tr	O	However he was expecting useful information soon , on spring shoal movements .
tr	I	It seemed that Mr. Tyler had had the same thoughts as had she .
tr	O	Sebastian didn 't care about the construction .
tr	O	For no good reason .
tr	I	I don 't believe is love real .
tr	I	Does one saving person condemn another ?
tr	I	He never liked to take pictures of people walking away so he just watched as Josie the early morning people turned to look at her .
tr	I	Janie forgot about own her predicament .
tr	I	There were stars front in of her , pinpoints of light dancing against a cold black sky .
tr	I	There were many not others , and so he was hopeful .
tr	I	She has no concept of what means it to be self-sufficient .
tr	I	She couldn 't capable be of anything like that .
tr	O	I looked at the yard .
tr	I	Flaherty couldn 't help shaking his at head the stark difference between this engagement and the one they 'd fought less than two hours earlier .
tr	O	Caroline noticed the tendons strained in Cade 's hand as he mutilated a straw , but couldn 't look at his face .
tr	I	I around glance the clearing .
tr	I	My voice strangled is .
tr	I	At least before not last night .
tr	O	I said a hurried good-bye and assured them I 'd be back soon .
tr	O	My adrenaline was pumping hard as I waited for the train .
tr	I	There was a short struggle and the sound of rustling fabric , then there was a long pause .
tr	O	She knew that what his father had done still hurt , although Clay liked to pretend otherwise .
tr	I	She started through digging the sizes .
tr	I	My lips to parted respond but he didn 't give me the chance .
tr	I	Those stupid Achaeans didn 't realize what a disadvantage they are with at it in their camp .
tr	O	He would finally be freed .
tr	I	Craig could feel their approach at the back of his mind more - weight .
tr	O	In fact , I see you here again , that 's it .
tr	I	Then , screaming , he swung blade his around and dashed forward .
tr	O	According to Marshall , Gage spends most of his time imagining me without my underwear , and I keep wondering what he looks like with them on .
tr	I	One of the two of them was going to have to put training a schedule together .
tr	I	Claire in was such a good mood that when she saw Kim , armed with a video camera , she didn 't actually wince .
tr	O	He made it sound like a fact .
tr	I	And get married , for 's God sake .
tr	I	Ben leads me up the hill , through gap a in a fancy gate .
tr	O	She 'd learned lots of other things too .
tr	I	On my way home from picking the boys up from school , we stop at the store to get few a things for dinner .
tr	I	We the exit janitor 's closet and I run straight into Mystery Woman .
tr	I	Pastor Barnes struck her as a man small .
tr	O	Caroline smiles at me as Dean lets her go and heads to the fridge .
tr	O	A stray lock of brown , undressed hair fell across that brow and she had the strongest urge to stroke it back out of his eyes .
tr	I	As the two ran mercenaries , more knights and armored men approached them .
tr	O	Madame Helena eyed the comet and took one step back .
tr	I	The admiral had been not included in the recent information about the leaks .
tr	I	He straightened , still on his knees , and up looked at her .
tr	O	She forced herself to take it down a notch .
tr	I	This charge against a named disciple was not good for news Frank .
tr	I	I began to so walk quickly I may well have been running .
tr	I	She slipped and back fell , landing hard on her ass .
tr	I	A brightness shone the in Irishman 's eyes .
tr	I	He was in alone his room .
tr	I	Comets are the fastest aircraft in the world , although still they aren 't nearly as fast as the cannon pods .
tr	I	The trumpet of sounded doom in her mind at the precise same time the world around her went white .
tr	O	I work with several big hospitals across Georgia and North Carolina .
tr	O	Oh , why hadn 't she paid more attention when Lisle tried to teach her German ?
tr	I	No , I don think 't so .
tr	I	He didn 't finish the sentence and his face closed while thinking about it , so decided I not to press .
tr	O	Something precious was taken away , and I wanted payment for that .
tr	O	No doubt her hope was that Barrett 's killer was an intruder and had nothing to do with the university .
tr	O	It made me wish I 'd taken Art History at university .
tr	O	He was still wearing his running shorts and T-shirt from his morning run , and he knew he was probably still sweaty and rumpled .
tr	O	His younger brother Christoph is the Senior VP of Marketing and his other brother , Damien , is the President and CEO .
tr	I	Buying and selling at the halfway point saved the traders a great deal of time and and expense served to enrich the kingdom .
tr	O	Isaac had a secondary office there , where he saw any of the staff who needed medical attention .
tr	I	Leaning my back head against the sofa , I closed my eyes .
tr	O	I lean over slightly .
tr	I	I believed that this failure was responsible for creating the additional trauma to the brain which triggered this reaction of convulsions repetitive .
tr	I	He climbed the stairs and found Greta 's abandoned beside bag the front door .
tr	I	They were almost to border the .
tr	O	And I don 't dare look at Ashton because if he has a smirk on his face , I 'll punch him square in it .
tr	I	I pay attention more to my surroundings .
tr	O	There were no pain sensors left to transmit feelings , and no brain cells to respond to them .
tr	I	Three sets eyes of regarded her curiously .
tr	O	It was all over rather quickly and they left the house for the yard again .
tr	I	Anyway the only way out down is .
tr	O	I can think of all manner of scandalous things we could do here in the shower .
tr	I	Now she hoped her about instinct coming back had been right and not a foolish notion .
tr	I	It was understandable completely .
tr	O	Her throat bounced with a swallow .
tr	O	The editor turned panicky when I discussed the story with him .
tr	I	No one doubted that his final from severance the body was near .
tr	O	Ow , damn it .
tr	I	Len was too concealing much from me !
tr	O	She ran over and fell to her knees placing her hands on his side .
tr	O	The lights were ablaze even though it was past midnight .
tr	I	He had two choices , pull himself of out the ashes of his miserable existence -- or die .
tr	O	He took it , moved to the small table and took a chair .
tr	O	A stranger wasn 't supposed to fall asleep in his arms .
tr	I	His eyes widened as recognized he it .
tr	O	It raised Saga 's body and held him tight .
tr	I	He turned her so bellies their touched .
tr	O	But he was different .
tr	O	But I was actually twenty-nine years old , in your years , when I left First Den , which was the year nineteen twenty nine here .
tr	O	Give them a day out and that 's the thanks I get .
tr	I	He toward nods the baby wipe .
tr	I	Today the wall was a wall of radiant heat which could cooked have a chicken .
tr	O	She was more observer of the world than outright contributor , and he could relate .
tr	I	It 's person the you are with , not your surroundings that matters .
tr	O	Earl and Steve , it turns out their names were .
tr	I	He wasn 't her letting go .
tr	I	Amanda 's drinking would age at her twice the pace of someone like Maggie .
tr	O	Will replied more quietly than Tessa would have thought .
tr	I	Jack nodded when the officer watching said the visit should come to an end .
tr	O	I want you to stay right here , just like you were , and if you feel the car bouncing and stuff , it 's just me .
tr	O	What do I say to a Queen ?
tr	O	She was ready for her wedding and she looked exactly like a woman about to marry a king .
tr	O	He looked back to where they came from and saw movement in the distance .
tr	O	Therefore his sister wants you here , too .
tr	I	I felt eyes my widen and my eyebrows reach for the ceiling .
tr	O	His voice was mocking and sarcastic .
tr	O	Gideon knew she was working for his release , and the bastard might just fall for it .
tr	I	What his would father think ?
tr	I	Steam swirled Jaxon as approached the dark red column .
tr	I	Engin God -- Of Luck .
tr	O	The midnight eyes darkened with that dangerous awareness that sent a thrill of excitement whispering over her skin .
tr	I	Sitting around the Christmas tree with the family reminded her of what it 'd been years like ago , when Valerie and Vaughn were young .
tr	O	My teachers have been pleased with my progress .
tr	I	She was to going eliminate me .
tr	I	That is if had I money .
tr	O	Landon said they misquoted him , but Jet still took it personally .
tr	I	And he did , he did , he crouched up , he up curled and he crawled out of there .
tr	I	Unable to bear the and suspense distracted from her pursuit of a suitable husband , she resolved to confront him directly .
tr	I	Lust flared so powerfully him from that heat flowed all across her skin .
tr	O	People 're already banging on the gates .
tr	O	Like when he 'd hugged me downstairs and I 'd kissed him , I wanted to stop thinking .
tr	O	I enjoy your company , Sabrina .
tr	O	This Raoul guy glanced at me , but he refused to make eye contact .
tr	I	The massive dog jogged the way remaining toward him and looked up at him expectantly .
tr	I	If he wasn 't going to on move right away , he could only hope to get through the coming interview without divulging too much .
tr	O	Benson was in the kitchen .
tr	I	After work , we would back ride to his rented basement in an old man 's Lacey house .
tr	O	I didn 't know why I felt that way .
tr	O	Dr. Redding walked across his office and opened the door .
tr	O	Hell , I thought she might even talk dirty to me .
tr	O	she asked , squinting out the cockpit windshield .
tr	I	Iris would repeat to her that he disapproved of her gathering and more training mages .
tr	I	She nodded then gave offer an .
tr	I	What fuck the is your problem , Chances ?
tr	O	Mr. Shaw had been elated .
tr	I	He must be to allowed go !
tr	O	The repeated words snapped Josh back to the present .
tr	O	Then there was gradually more and more erratic behavior .
tr	O	Mel Brentwood had been clear about that point , though .
tr	O	She cursed again and opened the small inbox at the side of her screen .
tr	I	Ricky said pulling Lex up to down run the trail after their friends .
tr	O	You get it from other people .
tr	O	You rode a gondola to the top of a big hill , raced down at speeds that could kill you , and then did it over again .
tr	O	Mae and I burst out laughing .
tr	O	I shivered as I turned back to Roth .
tr	O	No it 's not .
tr	I	When Mary asked where was Alexandra , we told her that the baby was sick and would not be coming home for a while .
tr	O	He swiftly cupped the back of my head and pulled me to him .
tr	I	Gia admired the enthusiasm to raise money for the Lady Daphne fund , but really how much a would bacon and egg pie fetch ?
tr	I	Matt might be total y off track but ... there was one place a human could be sure to find powerful vampires .
tr	O	Only when he was finished did he look up to meet Drago 's eyes .
tr	O	She appeared more like a rape victim reliving the attack .
tr	O	To the east , the hills continued to rise to meet the mountains , but to the north and west was flatter land .
tr	O	The bastard didn 't just have his hands all over Mia , but his mouth was on her too .
tr	O	Right now all I want is to curl up and cry .
tr	O	Nicko and Boy 412 stood by the door , armed with a broom and a heavy lamp .
tr	I	They even went to principal the about it .
tr	I	For a long while , did Aeron not reply .
tr	I	Fade savage was in his determination , his movements so graceful they looked like dancing .
tr	O	But in the end , she wasn 't a match against him and his mouth and her team lost by two .
tr	I	The hollow very close now the ; pain extraordinary .
tr	I	A moment later a car police disappeared into the smoke .
tr	O	The Head Mage took the news with the calm dignity his office required .
tr	O	She set the cage on the floor and opened the door .
tr	O	She was a tad too obvious for his liking .
tr	O	He caught sight of his reflection .
tr	I	Walking the endlessly earth .
tr	I	She could feel his heart loudly thudding ; his arm slipping around her and holding her tight as they sat and listened helpless to do anything .
tr	I	I would to want .
tr	I	She wasn 't away pulling .
tr	I	Eve wished she cry could .
tr	I	His lovely Kaitlyn didn 't seem the to type tumble into bed with a man unless there was a wedding ring on her finger .
tr	O	Surely that would tip the scales in Zack 's favor .
tr	I	Jem was for silent a minute .
tr	O	You just see it differently .
tr	O	Stuart didn 't make a mistake .
tr	I	He gestured to the papers on the table him before .
tr	I	But after trips twenty-five , she became convinced he was hours away from consciousness .
tr	I	It with landed a soft thump .
tr	O	The man approaching , on the other hand , appeared to be everything Mr. Roberts wasn 't , and Isabella 's pulse quickened in response .
tr	O	Patchouli candles provided the only light , their earthy musk captured in the folds of the billowing fabric .
tr	O	A chilling little shiver ran down her spine as she remembered those words , spoken so hotly against her mouth .
tr	I	There was a fury in his eyes that Bonnie had told about Juanita .
tr	O	You run your mouth from the time class starts until it ends .
tr	O	He placed them on the table and carefully opened them with his long , gentle fingers .
tr	O	The brightly lit area slowed the dark creatures , although they were still able to slither between shadows in the grass and behind rocks .
tr	I	They were always more powerful and clear when he was close to her , and she could feel his for love her .
tr	O	Still , it was unusual for Supernatural creatures to disappear without their kind being aware of it .
tr	O	Not for a day .
tr	I	Not without the scent prey of .
tr	I	The man asking the question was wearing a nice Italian in suit grey pinstripe , but he did not look particularly pleasant beyond that .
tr	I	Hell , even the behind mini-fridge Ed 's desk could produce a radio signal when it kicks on .
tr	I	I needed to save Thom 's life and that was my priority first .
tr	O	But neither of his companions spoke a word .
tr	O	It twinkled back at her , blue and undisturbed .
tr	O	My heart fluttered madly and my cheeks were flushed .
tr	I	He copied the into words his notebook anyway .
tr	O	He couldn 't wait to get home to tell Justin their plan had worked !
tr	O	Jim asked hopefully , still a bit tired from the mook fights .
tr	I	Gently , he slipped his forefinger between folds her and into her tight sheath , making her jerk in his arms .
tr	I	She could also feel his pain and even low a level of fear at being bound again .
tr	I	He in smiled spite of himself .
tr	I	And maybe they 'd have cable TV at whatever home wound they up sticking me in .
tr	I	Kaitlyn looked Zack at .
tr	I	I 'll make arrangements with a dairy for milk the and you can look for suppliers for the other ingredients .
tr	I	Startled , Jenny hard stared at him .
tr	O	Would the other driver take him ?
tr	I	If we lay low , I they doubt 'll hunt us .
tr	I	There was a lot to do , but she had a few weeks before she had finish to her designs for next spring .
tr	O	He had recognised her intelligence at once .
tr	I	I always knew she why left .
tr	O	Vaughn clapped his hands , and everyone looked up from whatever they were doing .
tr	O	She 'd knocked the front end out of alignment before by going over those little dips too quickly .
tr	O	But now it 's someone else 's turn .
tr	I	Certainly Josef couldn 't fit up ; there he was almost twice my size and about four times as dense .
tr	I	The flesh rotting of the witch hovered over the girl like a plague .
tr	O	Human memories faded faster the younger a Reboot died .
tr	O	She was so lost in thought she didn 't notice the older woman beside her .
tr	I	I guess we would both .
tr	O	He held her gaze without blinking .
tr	I	His big body pressed hers from knee to shoulder not and even several layers of clothing could block the heat radiating from him .
tr	I	Tynan to went the end of one long wall .
tr	I	' All right Pol , ' I up gave .
tr	I	Her social skills were sadly lacking from years of neglect , her only practice her customers at the restaurant very and young college classmates .
tr	I	- and went down as a werewolf on landed his back .
tr	I	If Vlad wasn 't trying to seduce me , then he was taunting me what with I couldn 't have .
tr	O	What I care about is that you think so little of me you feel the need to erase messages .
tr	O	She didn 't know where she was walking to but figured she 'd eventually get her bearings and figure out where she was .
tr	O	I mean , I know you 're healthy , but I like the idea of taking care of you .
tr	O	Jeff could not see the other two men , and guessed that they were hiding somewhere in the shadows .
tr	I	At one time it would 've me freaked out , but now it was a wonderful sight .
tr	I	Sean struggles to himself free , but Matt tightens his grip on him so he can 't .
tr	I	The bodies , still held soldiers by , were allowed to spurt their last lifeblood into the fountain basins .
tr	I	And now she owed even Wade more .
tr	I	The bathroom is door closed .
tr	I	But a father who did not respond in a right way damaged a kid who was still trying determine to her self worth .
tr	I	A time when still he had a family and monsters didn 't fill his world .
tr	I	A realization slow bloomed .
tr	O	Mom snorts into her coffee .
tr	I	And I hit Jamie and things went from bad worse to .
tr	O	I 've been paying the rent while I was here , looking for you .
tr	I	An awful entered bleakness his eyes .
tr	I	It hammers my with head a mace while simultaneously stabbing me with a long bladed arm .
tr	O	He looked at his father , appalled .
tr	I	she asked her mother as they both sat in the 's Corvette black leather seats .
tr	O	He reached up with his hand , placed his fingers on my chin , and pulled it toward him .
tr	O	Maria broke her silence to give voice to her shock .
tr	I	Denny is in his early fifty 's , and he 's seen a lot from in me the past ten years .
tr	O	He kissed the edge of her ear softly through her hair .
tr	I	If all fails else , find out if he is aware of any old passageways under the schools .
tr	I	Marshall going is to remove me from the planet because I stole his dagger .
tr	I	My eyes still streamed , but were they different tears now .
tr	O	If he wasn 't mistaken , she was crying .
tr	I	Michael took rushed out steps of the morgue and down the street .
tr	O	But she felt too good , tasted like sweetest heaven .
tr	I	His slid fingers from her hair .
tr	I	' I sure 'm that you remember it from your childhood .
tr	O	Sebastian swallowed , trying to forget that day , trying to stamp it out of his memory .
tr	I	They were pale , blond and haired , almost certainly Russians .
tr	O	He cleared his throat .
tr	O	It was time to leave .
tr	O	Guys had it easy .
tr	I	she with squealed excitement .
tr	I	Somehow that didn 't Thomas reassure .
tr	I	He needed to get few a things in order before he made his move .
tr	I	He 's a good friend , and he 't doesn really care for insults .
tr	O	Bail is set at a million dollars .
tr	I	Talon at snarled him .
tr	O	I close my eyes and inhale the fabric 's scent .
tr	O	Tears streaked down Rachel 's pretty face .
tr	I	Probably the for best , since he had to take care of the mess with Chase and deal with Dee .
tr	O	The ship now cruised midway between Earth and Mars orbit .
tr	O	She referred to the young locals who frequently roamed around the neighborhood randomly diving into available swimming pools .
tr	I	But then he 'd looked out into the lobby and seen the compact little package that presented Teel .
tr	I	His old tire swing gently swayed side from to side .
tr	O	Escape was still looking slim and getting slimmer as time went by .
tr	I	He also introduced Katherine Donald , and she was welcomed warmly by both Sandy Betty and .
tr	I	Something told her she 'd need to be in full control of her faculties this evening when with dealing Trevor .
tr	I	Some of that dignity was lost when Edward insisted again on delivering me to the border line like a being child exchanged by custodial guardians .
tr	I	Motions stiff and jerky , she allowed the towel to fall to floor the .
tr	O	That was exactly how she was feeling at that moment .
tr	I	If I use it sparingly , I think could it last a few days .
tr	O	They lingered only a moment before following .
tr	I	This could her be only chance to be with him .
tr	O	Chris and Duff opened their eyes and groaned at the brightness from the work lights that were on in the pub .
tr	I	He made a small fire and enjoyed a meal dried of meat and fruit .
tr	O	The chosen few went up there and read their papers while the rest of us fought to stay awake .
tr	I	There was a in solidarity their silence that unnerved me .
tr	O	You have to do something !
tr	O	A dirty , grumpy man pushed his way through the crowd and stopped before them to look them over , frowning .
tr	O	Get in and out as quickly , and quietly , as possible . '
tr	O	The immortal lapsed into thoughtful silence .
tr	I	He was well aware of her control taking of Lisa and shielding both of them from prying eyes as they made their way out of the hospital .
tr	O	Finally , I remembered Sam , the night he told me the truth , changed before me , scaring me so bad thought left my brain .
tr	I	That mocking damn , rude grin .
tr	O	The burning question now was ... how to deal with Emily Ross ?
tr	O	Which frankly made me decide I like Dad better when he never comes out of the lab .
tr	I	I could his feel chest against my back , and I was suddenly aware of just how close he was to me .
tr	O	Her little brothers still had school that they couldn 't miss .
tr	I	Bo slammed his Jeep door closed outside three-bedroom his rental house .
tr	O	That throwback to American roots was notably absent in her adopted state , where most cities seemed prosperous , shiny and new .
tr	I	She had on a silver suit with skirt matching and black velvet pumps .
tr	O	Why she hated being forced to conform in dress and personality , while her stepmother , sisters , and father reveled in formal attire and convention .
tr	I	Solstice at appeared the door , raising a pistol at the approaching soldier .
tr	I	A smile at tugged his mouth .
tr	I	But he didn 't that want either , he realized .
tr	I	That her memory kept hope from dying inside me of .
tr	O	And I remind myself that the old Hana is gone .
tr	O	When Lorenzo and the nurses left , Monty noticed the Other who crouched against the wall outside the room .
tr	O	They greeted Adam and then hurried over to Rachel , who was almost at the parking lot elevator .
tr	O	* * * Read of the adventures of Gray Wolf and his parents Snow Flower and Blue Cloud in Mysterious Destiny Bright Lights and Thunder Part II .
tr	I	Most of the times he 't couldn .
tr	I	Melissa no has choice .
tr	O	The maids made quick work of the needed alterations .
tr	O	And at this time ?
tr	O	I could hear the suppressed anger in Charlie 's voice .
tr	O	Time to make the peace and set their eyes on work .
tr	O	She had done a report on such a thing several years ago .
tr	O	The years in this new country must have been hard , she realized .
tr	I	She wondered the if sea woman could ride , if perhaps she rode great whales through the ocean .
tr	I	Grant shook easily them off .
tr	O	I unlocked my car and shifted into neutral so that Bo and I could push it down the road a bit before I started the engine .
tr	I	I couldn 't help break but the stare as I bowed my head , my eyes downcast .
tr	O	Oh , thank God , she thought to herself .
tr	O	and the other was I think I am annoyed .
tr	O	Just a few years , he said .
tr	I	For giving them back their lives and not able being to save them from themselves .
tr	I	Cleanup was to going be an involved project .
tr	O	It was hidden from view by the overgrowth , and though not as convenient as the alcove behind the olive grove , Helena hoped it would suffice .
tr	I	These clouds were thick and in control of sky the and what light remained .
tr	I	She came toward the of end Stacy 's slightly shortened shift at the bread shop .
tr	O	I 'd forgotten about Grayling 's coat .
tr	O	Most were leafless ; the road was muddy , and Maia cranked the window down to smell the air .
tr	I	In a split-second decision , he decided he should leave the premises as soon as his started feet working again .
tr	O	Our blue shadows stand beneath us .
tr	I	This wasn what 't she 'd expected Garrett 's house to look like at all .
tr	I	She not was I .
tr	O	The case was reported , and the child was brought back to the family thanks to the relentless strive of the Kerala Police .
tr	O	She took a step , and that was okay as well .
tr	O	It was just like communicating with the swarms .
tr	O	But not with Sebastian 's ill intentions .
tr	O	Then back downstairs and out into the wind .
tr	O	If so , they 'd worked quickly .
tr	O	One thing was certain , if he weren 't a vampire , she would most likely be dead by now , and so would he .
tr	O	The dark elf smiled , and the Guiding Mother nodded in consent .
tr	I	Dragging his hand free of her body , he up reached and smoothed her tangled hair back from her face .
tr	I	The thumped Wanderer to the ground and lunged into the river .
tr	I	I texted Jonah , let him know we were aware of Scott interrogation 's and were monitoring .
tr	O	It was a simple gesture , one that Maddie had not experienced in many years .
tr	O	Ashlyn had never met another like herself , but she was learning to expect the unexpected here .
tr	I	She 'd been never cold before .
tr	O	That had to be for show .
tr	I	When he needed a 's woman touch , he had several lady friends in town who were more than accommodating .
tr	I	This secret society everything was Simon had ever dreamed of : money , power , and hunting .
tr	O	True he knew her name , but perhaps that was because he had subconsciously given it to her .
tr	I	The tone was angry and caught his attention mine and , until it became recognizable .
tr	O	Every time the bat connects I can feel myself letting go a little .
tr	O	You used to love me .
tr	O	So , did this mean he wasn 't avoiding her ?
tr	O	' You claim never to have used that name .
tr	O	I jogged to where it 'd landed .
tr	O	She stretched , letting her cat take over , and ended up sitting on her furry haunches .
tr	O	She stepped aside but didn 't follow Nadia in .
tr	I	Snatched back , shot pain through my scalp as I was lifted from sleep by a handful of my hair .
tr	I	He did , however , have two aces his up sleeve .
tr	O	That was Lucent 's work .
tr	I	Whether those two ships intend to help or harm us , there 's nothing can I do about it .
tr	I	He paused and cleared throat his .
tr	O	There was no drawl to it , no affectionate smirk in the voice .
tr	O	He screamed in pain .
tr	O	Fears he didn 't even know she had .
tr	I	I realize how much 've I missed him .
tr	O	Time was running out .
tr	O	I felt wonderful , the best I had felt in years .
tr	O	- Again , he fled back into the room , and again there were the cats .
tr	O	His body heated in response to her unspoken promise of the pleasure they would enjoy once they reached the yacht , anchored in the harbor .
tr	O	Say too much , too soon ?
tr	I	She ignored it by necessity , although less circumspect parts of her up perked .
tr	I	Three unjustly men convicted , but only Dan had survived .
tr	I	What is there think to about ?
tr	I	Although very different from his grandmother , Christopher could see his mom doing the same thing when married he .
tr	I	Finally , nodded I and followed him .
tr	O	But that was an invitation she made herself resist .
tr	O	Nicole 's door opened before she knocked on it .
tr	I	That dream had been cruelly torn away from Keeley , and the friendship that had meant so to much her had gone by the wayside .
tr	O	He put his glass back down on the table and pressed his lips together .
tr	I	I recognized Hugh of the hair fiery .
tr	I	She 's studying science environmental .
tr	I	He was a healthy baby and he thankfully hadn 't been covered in scales .
tr	I	Where I had a seen woman who had looked like Evelyn Drake 's younger sister or cousin .
tr	I	Too distracted for me to watch where my next step would be , my feet tripped just I as tried to reach the lowest temple step .
tr	O	She said , placing the unlit stick in her mouth .
tr	I	He always said we 't aren invincible ... but that meant me .
tr	I	I do not know where these Others came from or how long they have existed , but they are not us like .
tr	I	He had one in lip his , too .
tr	O	I ignored his attempt to sidetrack me .
tr	I	My heartbeat pounded loudly so I could barely hear Embry or the questions she flung .
tr	O	If Julie had wanted an argument , she could have just stayed home , so she let it drop .
tr	I	She turned head her and rested her cheek on her bent knees .
tr	O	I myself was not sure of what action I would take in the three months that I have been away .
tr	O	He then sprinted to the back to the Golf House and past it until he appeared on the other side , nearly parallel with the gardener .
tr	O	Why can 't I just pay attention ?
tr	O	No one was trying to move him , as though they didn 't think it was worthwhile to even try .
tr	O	' We 're near the sea Father ; it 's just the wind blowing this way and the sulfur ?
tr	I	His business was a very demanding mistress and that just was the way he preferred it .
tr	I	Pain in flashed his eyes .
tr	O	I shuddered at the thought of the still bleeding meat , but even as disgust rolled through me , my stomach rumbled in hungry expectation .
tr	I	His expression was pained , but offered he no explanation .
tr	I	I still wanted back that .
tr	O	And They would have no mercy .
tr	I	He undressed as quickly as he could , because he had a feeling she was over there hyperventilating at the of thought letting down the barriers .
tr	I	The actors started dialog the and Tori was impressed .
tr	I	The third round posted then , before I could say anything , and crushed everyone toward the far wall to get a look .
tr	I	The questions were from driven his mind as the Dark Lord lifted a hand and her blistering power wrapped around him .
tr	I	Every royal member had his or her own House even though it didn mean 't one had to stay there .
tr	O	As in trick or treat ?
tr	O	The two couples sat in the circular booth and glanced expectantly at Troy and Faith .
tr	I	He would not come to the of rescue his bastard daughter .
tr	I	I still couldn 't let myself look at picture the .
tr	I	He and turns looks back at the sow , shaking his head slowly in disgust .
tr	O	I served up a couple of bowls , but I could tell I had missed the lunch rush .
tr	O	He wanted her brain functioning properly when he had a go at her .
tr	O	The first song had not even been concluded when men and women streamed onto the makeshift dance floor that had been constructed under the tree .
tr	I	Now that she feels she like might have a good chance at love , she doesn 't want to risk getting some weird marks on her body .
tr	I	We also know that she has a major tool in the box in Louis Keaton pull to this off .
tr	I	The cell phone in his pocket rang just as he his closed office door behind him .
tr	I	The Sybil didn 't take eyes his off Ridley .
tr	I	Cold steel grazed skin his .
tr	O	' He dreams of you every night , he says , ' Carey explained .
tr	I	These options were more than enough for Zach , but he wondered if they leave would Becca bored .
tr	I	I didn 't know what to from expect Clark 's speech .
tr	O	He squinted at the horizon .
tr	O	Her injuries took just under a week to recover from .
tr	I	Can hear you me ?
tr	O	And , I might add , two times last night , it still is !
tr	I	Isaac Newton 't wouldn be able to understand TV without first studying our physics for a couple of years .
tr	I	She gasped , momentarily forgetting about the gun and swinging around to him face .
tr	I	' So we 've earned a day 's leave for playing ... truant ? '
tr	O	I have to remind myself forcibly that I 've never been here .
tr	I	Taking a deep breath to steady himself , Carmine opened the door and stepped inside building the .
tr	O	He had taken her blood numerous times , so much so that he knew the infection raged in his body .
tr	I	This worried Theo slightly as he was terrible at communicating with adequately new people of his own age .
tr	O	Ryan had told her that he would send Ned and Arnie over to the diner later that night .
tr	O	He 'd always been able to read me like a book .
tr	O	His face was deathly pale , and his eyes were wide .
tr	O	I can 't focus on anything else .
tr	O	Then he shrugged carelessly .
tr	O	He leaned back to give himself space from the tempting scent of her .
tr	I	If I wait , he see might the tears that are brimming in my eyes .
tr	I	Everything that was supposed to be there was there , at as least far as I was concerned .
tr	O	How did they know God had agreed to allow you to mentor me ?
tr	I	He in asked fake amazement .
tr	I	Rachel hard swallowed before answering .
tr	O	So I 've been stumbling all over the place looking for that bloody thing !
tr	O	And , you have a huge weak spot here .
tr	O	It almost seemed like they were all staring at me .
tr	O	He kept replaying those few moments after she 'd asked him to hold her .
tr	O	He was between a rock and a hard place and he was in agony .
tr	O	Then he smiled , an for a split second , his eyes were clear .
tr	I	I could planted have or altered memories and opinions at will , your mind is extraordinarily weak .
tr	O	The name James Parkin flashed up on her screen .
tr	O	she asked , wondering if her father had acted out of belated parental concern .
tr	I	She 't won even look at it .
tr	O	Mark sat down at Gillette 's computer .
tr	O	He could have made her understand , made her see why he had done what he did .
tr	I	He just wanted to Danika reach .
tr	I	A trickle of entered customers and exited the front doors .
tr	I	He put on baseball a cap and sunglasses .
tr	I	There something 's she 's wary about -- beyond all the normal things there are to be wary about , that is -- but it eludes me .
tr	O	Straight ahead was the mission prep area , which backed on to a workout area and the indoor gun range .
tr	I	You 're really afraid won you 't ever be able to leave him .
tr	O	He hadn 't heard any yelling or thrashing around .
tr	I	I had no idea she how was even doing it .
tr	I	It 's set in the crease between her eyes , downward the tilt of her chin .
tr	O	But it was more than that .
tr	I	Not that they given had up yet , mind you .
tr	O	Every other person who has come in here today is lookin ' for hocus-pocus books .
tr	O	How could things have gotten so horrible between them so quickly ?
tr	I	Bill something grunted incomprehensible .
tr	I	Get that leopard in wagon the !
tr	O	There is ecstasy that is similar to prolonged sexual pleasure .
tr	I	They didn even 't say goodnight .
tr	O	The thought nearly made him laugh , but the next turn in the conversation ended any sense of mirth .
tr	I	After all this time , Samantha making is me backtrack .
tr	I	I opened door her .
tr	I	Exhausted , she swiped at the offending with sensation her hand .
tr	O	But she couldn 't help turning back for one last look as she walked out .
tr	I	There was on old dusty commanding desk a few rows of tatty wooden benches .
tr	O	No one acknowledged his master 's role in these battles even though she used the monsters to demonstrate techniques to her pupil .
tr	I	Phoebe nodded , then turned back Cassandra to .
tr	O	The apartment was a dump , but he could at least manage a few creature comforts for Miranda .
tr	I	One the of children approached .
tr	I	He was the only with one the combined knowledge .
tr	I	He the pushed ring onto my finger .
tr	O	Bright daylight shone in through the window , beyond which lay a field of green .
tr	I	Frantically searching , knowing if I don 't Marcus find soon , the watery grave which claimed his brother will claim him too .
tr	O	She stopped and bit her lip .
tr	O	She watched a passer-by converse with one of the Caravan 's objects -- a book , as it was .
tr	I	It felt to great be home .
tr	I	He his inclined head .
tr	I	Tony ignored the hint stayed and where he was .
tr	I	After a fitful sleep Rome got up , bleary-eyed and groggy , but satisfied that he had a clear plan for day the .
tr	O	Gene 's hand strayed toward the phone .
tr	I	To the outside world they looked like three friends , Dane but knew the difference .
tr	I	I count to five in my head , force my away hands from the steering wheel , and get out of the car .
tr	O	He looked at her with an intensity almost as strong as before .
tr	O	Did he sometimes laugh about the pain he had caused her ?
tr	I	The moon shone high and brightly in sky the , adding light to the flickering torches that the squires were carrying for their knights .
tr	O	Her heart soared into the sky .
tr	O	She throws up her hands .
tr	I	Plywood ripped from parts of the wheel great as the frame crumbled .
tr	I	Mira gave an response unintelligible .
tr	O	I reached into my pocket for my cell phone and speed dialed her number .
tr	I	' That 's my girl , ' Murray throwing said his arm around her shoulder briefly and squeezing her gently .
tr	I	She had barely moved him clear of the sack when his upside-down position moved him to up retch the water he had swallowed .
tr	I	I never 'd ask you to jeopardize your career .
tr	I	A child touched the weapon then backed away as it like shriveled a wizened elder .
tr	O	He reached down and switched on the radio clipped to her belt .
tr	I	Chapter Nine After Jacy had been touched up freshened and up , the crew and cast moved to a larger soundstage .
tr	I	I always get to lunch than later everybody else .
tr	I	Just way the she liked it .
tr	I	I 'm sure you 're wondering what was I doing there .
tr	I	She had told Jace she didn 't feel any different after reading the Gray Book , it and was mostly true .
tr	I	Drew pulled her against him held and her tightly in his arms .
tr	O	She turned the truck and began to run along the side of the canal heading for the city once more .
tr	I	Jillian was stopping by the this office morning to finish up a few things .
tr	O	I think it 's because I 'm not really used to people touching me and because his pats seem to be an attempt to convey compassion .
tr	O	Then he put his boots back on , leaving his coat where it lay .
tr	I	He let out groan a .
tr	O	At ten minutes before kickoff , they had to launch their saucers and hover within it .
tr	O	Chapter 1 Los Angeles : Present Day Something felt off in the back of Angelina 's mind and she couldn 't place what it was .
tr	O	The whole family was in the wagon , leading their best livestock .
tr	I	I willed my body to move comfort and him .
tr	O	All around us we can hear the snaps of musket fire , the screams of men and the trampling of feet and hooves .
tr	I	Doyle looked me at .
tr	O	This time it brings tears to my eyes , but there 's something else , too .
tr	I	CHAPTER I 3 couldn 't have imagined I 'd ever see the man in front of me again .
tr	O	Reporting on the people and how they felt , their joy at being set free to think , talk and travel without fear of persecution .
tr	O	I felt so lost at the moment , hearing him sing like that as I stared at a drawing that wasn 't just a drawing .
tr	I	He then asked if he could help anything with .
tr	I	She told me I was in a called thing a barn .
tr	I	With than more one undercurrent flowing around the room .
tr	I	Gentle hands me eased back onto the pillows , and suddenly she was there .
tr	I	Spencer pinched the inside of palm her .
tr	O	But the fierceness in his voice left me no choice but to scurry off , leaving my carpet bag in the leaves .
tr	O	Why aren 't you in bed ?
tr	I	She was as shocked he as was .
tr	O	Anne Marie quickly put on lip gloss and paused to check her ref lection in the bathroom mirror .
tr	O	So why did I not ask him to change this particular one ?
tr	O	This is my fault .
tr	I	The water a was shock .
tr	I	But I to had take the risk .
tr	O	I think you 're the only person with the courage to help me right now .
tr	I	Saw Gregory lift the mail 's slot flap with his left hand and shovel the keys through with his right .
tr	O	This room was very strange .
tr	O	Keeping her secure , he returned to his own body .
tr	O	They never touched -- in fact things were rather frosty .
tr	I	Sometimes he understand could why .
tr	O	He leaned sideways against a dumpster , his elbow on the lid .
tr	O	She had never felt so important to someone , so necessary .
tr	O	In fact , his fury at the idea I was married made me view him in a different light .
tr	O	He laughed , and his laughing calmed me .
tr	I	Van turned around and smiled at sweetly me .
tr	I	His responding laughter lights his up perfect features imprisoning my heart .
tr	O	Stu stood up again .
tr	O	She needed the men and appreciated their hard work , but she sorely wished they 'd quit treating her as if she had rocks in her head .
tr	I	She does neither , although depending on what she says , I may not have stopped her from the doing latter .
tr	I	He grabbed Reid and hauled him out of the way , turning to see gray a mist forming where the rock wall had been .
tr	I	Her red satin strands hair of elegantly dangled down , almost reaching the floor .
tr	O	If you hang around me long enough , you 'll find I 'm always developing .
tr	I	Jerry Fernandez already had nicknamed him Napoleon .
tr	I	It requires only narrow a gap for an undernourished body .
tr	I	Else it wouldn be 't life .
tr	O	He smelled the soft scent of her hair , her skin .
tr	O	Duncan 's body was thick with tension and the room seemed charged with his desperate energy .
tr	I	Taking deep a breath , she moved over next to him and grabbed firmly onto the net .
tr	O	It had been hard for her to make the change from nurse to civilian but she was managing just fine in our new home here in Chicago .
tr	O	It was nice to remember that side of Gran , the familiar side , instead of thinking of her affair with Fintan .
tr	O	And it finally did , not with her but with me .
tr	O	Fred gave his wife a loving look .
tr	I	She nudged the pup to make sure he wasn injured 't and licked his face .
tr	O	I 'd hoped perhaps Julia knew about a secret tunnel out of the school and that I wouldn 't have to attempt some crazy feat of acrobatics .
tr	I	My bed sheets smelled so fresh not the like horrible hospital ones .
tr	O	She opened the door almost instantly , as if she had stood nearby , waiting for him .
tr	I	Indeed , he felt it characterized the quantum reality of itself AI .
tr	I	His dimples were so prominent and his eyes , although they a had darkness about them was so inviting .
tr	O	Chris pulled the letter from Nick 's limp fingers and scanned the contents .
tr	O	A sheen of sweat glistened across her forehead , and strands of hair clung to her dampened face .
tr	O	Those would be the new recruits , the men Rand had ordered Darlin to gather .
tr	O	Daemon lost his hold on Nancy 's form , slipping into his own .
tr	O	Another contraction seized her and she couldn 't think clearly .
tr	O	She refused to appear weak in his eyes , especially on their first day out !
tr	O	There were two kinds of people Hawk tested .
tr	I	He landed on the floor of her after bedroom she tried to help by pulling on his belt .
tr	I	Our trip back silent was and the hall a bit more crowded .
tr	I	I my lower gun to my side .
tr	I	I had never seen actually an immortal rendered lifeless before .
tr	I	The thud crunching of footsteps serrated the silence and pulled Mariah from her thoughts .
tr	O	I nodded , still lost for words over her tragedy .
tr	I	On the home drive , Mandy apologized to Robert .
tr	O	Now I was the one who was stunned !
tr	I	Not that she had a choice smashed against the car by his weight body .
tr	I	Inside was a small book with an elastic band round it , a record fuel with , mileage , liters , date and time .
tr	I	It scrambles up molecules the and particles of the photograph to act like a 3-D window . '
tr	O	But a deeper investigation and charges would mean potential disaster for him and me .
tr	O	The gift makes me smile and I immediately reach to the nightstand and grab my phone .
tr	O	It 's so much better now , but it 's going to take a while for both of you to get over it .
tr	I	But actually my damaging property ?
tr	O	I feel the loss the most of anybody .
tr	I	Furthermore , there were invaders the from foreign land .
tr	O	Much later , both of them climbed back up to the tuna tower .
tr	I	Was this to be her future , a journey with Quinlan , a vampire 'd she been trying to get rid of for two months ?
tr	I	People only see uniform the .
tr	I	They ironically had tattoos and ironically left their trash their outside door for days .
tr	O	Trust me , this was a mercy for your people .
tr	O	He took off his watch .
tr	I	I didn 't want him to feel sorry for me wished and I hadn 't said anything .
tr	I	I lay on back the floor and wrapped the blanket tight around me .
tr	O	She shook her head .
tr	O	Josh pushed the stopper down and filled the sink with cold water .
tr	I	The tone of her indicated voice she 'd shifted to a new topic .
tr	O	Tears run down her cheeks .
tr	I	Misty looked over Ben again , the feeling of wrongness about him increasing .
tr	O	He didn 't smoke , but he enjoyed the act of holding a cigar in his mouth for reasons Reed had never grasped .
tr	O	When Mattie broke out a teal stick and announced she was going to trace my eyes , I argued .
tr	O	I knew nothing else I could say .
tr	O	I told them that my sister was the kindest person I 've ever known , and that the world was a sadder place without her in it .
tr	I	Over the generations , Nita 's family had produced some of the finest sculptors , musicians , and painters in of all Caldera .
tr	I	She became aware the of rapid pounding of her heart .
tr	I	But it was his piercing blue that eyes most people remembered about him .
tr	I	Van the is only one who will really understand what I 'm going through .
tr	I	I forced a smile at him before I headed right back the to front door of the hotel .
tr	O	Maybe it had been the escape they all four had unconsciously looked for .
tr	O	The caravan stopped moving abruptly as if it had bumped into something .
tr	I	He stopped at deli the on his way to his office .
tr	O	She inhaled the air .
tr	O	The little boy tried to pull his hand away , but hewas too weak .
tr	O	I said starting to panic .
tr	O	Their fingers twist together .
tr	I	She 'd offered everything him she had to give , and he was turning her away .
tr	O	She did little else to prepare , in and out in less than twenty minutes .
tr	I	Smith licked lips his .
tr	I	Somewhere inside cathedral the a distant rumbling thump was audible .
tr	O	I place my hand on the swinging doors when I reach them and hesitate a moment before pushing out into the hallway .
tr	O	He wanted to lift her into his arms and carry her back to his bed because she was honest with her reactions when they were there .
tr	I	Pretty Boy frowned and glared at over James Joni 's shoulder .
tr	I	Vampires weren 't supposed have to one .
tr	O	There were no weekends .
tr	I	She had aged during weeks the that the bones were removed .
tr	I	' With submariner a . '
tr	O	She figured everyone was entitled to one mistake ; if anything else happened , she 'd know it was time to move on .
tr	O	Walter and Olive no longer heard the words .
tr	I	Picking one of the center lanes , he lined up , fifty standing feet from the target .
tr	I	Binky was challenged not by the high stairs .
tr	O	She was a good , strong person .
tr	I	A bunch of us to went see his band that Friday and we all had a really fun time .
tr	I	I only got just back to the UK .
tr	I	The Governor was clearly not the sharpest in chisel the toolbox .
tr	I	Who assaulted had him ?
tr	O	The remaining soldiers in the group have their guns pointed at the kneeling soldiers .
tr	I	One of his hands found its way my to sex and my legs widened shamelessly at his unspoken command .
tr	I	His eyelashes fluttered and he a gave wheezing gasp .
tr	I	Sarah stared at him a for minute with her mouth open .
tr	O	I was traveling there when I ended up taking a detour through Thistle .
tr	O	He was going to make her next orgasm shatter her .
tr	O	Here on the bottom was the record of Pandora 's budget , all the transactions which the planet 's life had made .
tr	O	I commanded the Virtual Voice .
tr	O	If I don 't forgive you , it will do more damage to me than you .
tr	I	But I got very to close touching The Place Prisoners Should Not Touch Policemen .
tr	I	Nonetheless , he had earned in excess $ of 100 million last year in the mass tort lottery .
tr	O	I turned and almost walked into Sean .
tr	O	Matt took a backpack out of the passenger seat and tossed it in back with the rest so Neil could fit .
tr	I	Ran by doormen the .
tr	I	He filled her whole fairy-tale fantasy well his with broad shoulders and muscular chest , the sheet wrapped around his waist .
tr	I	I when suppose a person had lived as many years as he had , there was little left to be seen or heard that could surprise them .
tr	O	Cheyenne and the kitten were sitting in the waiting area when a woman rushed in with a macaw parrot and a frown .
tr	O	Nick thought back to something Rena had told him .
tr	O	Pain scorched through my veins like a bad sunburn , igniting every cell in its path .
tr	O	I don 't even enjoy my favorite drink anymore because it only reminds me of Henry .
tr	I	Now , that was when she would have attacked if she have could attacked .
tr	I	was what Rudolf over said the radio .
tr	I	She went with down a thud .
tr	I	Geoffrey opened another bottle refilled and Ethan 's glass .
tr	O	She shivered with excitement , crowding closer to his body as she dug her fingers into his cold hair .
tr	O	A genuine mattress , by the furies .
tr	I	It seems to me that everyone has choices and the means make to them .
tr	O	Thankfully it was only minutes away but Darcy was already packed up by the time the limousine pulled up next to the darkened Lincoln .
tr	I	He 'd said that once he 'd always liked me , but it didn 't occur to me that he actually did .
tr	I	Had that been special his item ?
tr	I	Cool nights , fires the in fireplace .
tr	O	Summoning his preternatural power , Drake stared into the man 's eyes .
tr	O	He kneels behind me , so I can 't see him .
tr	O	I say it as softly as I can .
tr	I	The town centre was small , with a grocery store , a few clothes shops , the and odd shops that sell everything .
tr	I	Daria turned her head to look at Deck , as she gathered the two in arms her .
tr	O	An assassin could be in the crowd at this very moment , his finger slowly squeezing the trigger .
tr	I	IIb yelped and bit his wrist , a childish trait that he always to resorted when he was nervous .
tr	I	Lora kissed the top of her head and back stepped .
tr	I	I don 't know I how 'm supposed to feel or what I 'm supposed to be doing anymore .
tr	O	Grand had Gabe pinned to the wall .
tr	I	Brandon had fighting been the wolf pack with all his strength .
tr	I	I that loved he seemed to be changing , wanted to change , even as I was changing .
tr	O	Behind me , I heard a thrumming growl , deeper and richer than a dog 's .
tr	I	On her feet a were pair of red cowgirl boots and a black Stetson on her head .
tr	O	I stretched up on my tiptoes and got my fingers over the lip .
tr	I	Toby and I left the and building turned uptown .
tr	I	She managed not to miss one of his actions either , even as kept she up her side of the conversations .
tr	O	My worry cranked up another notch .
tr	O	She pulled her hand away and sat looking out her side window unable to speak .
tr	I	I sank nearly in relief .
tr	I	She stumbled away , backing down the as hallway he stalked her .
tr	I	The river bends back on itself and turns north directly for about ten miles .
tr	O	He was getting drunk at the beach .
tr	I	She relaxed into its cushions crossed and her legs , trying to appear unruffled .
tr	O	What if Billy were alive ?
tr	I	His voice was anguished and he almost away broke from the restraining hands , so desperate was his need for her .
tr	I	Her voice carries up stairs the .
tr	I	Matson continued to wind in slowly and the red bobbin edged towards him , shuddering and vibrating as it so did .
tr	O	He told the truth , after first trying to tell them what he thought they 'd want to hear .
tr	I	The shaky mask in at place the hospital .
tr	O	But life was never that easy .
tr	I	That , however , was not I what found .
tr	O	Now was a good time since they were all on shore leave , otherwise known as a day off .
tr	I	He insisted that dreams were real , reality and was a dream , except for the times when they weren 't and it wasn 't .
tr	O	I really don 't want to get into this with him .
tr	O	A large communal desk stands at the center of the room , surrounded by a dozen hip twenty-somethings .
tr	O	The symbol he 'd carved glowed in the air like a sickness .
tr	O	He looked at him with intrigue .
tr	I	Her kiss held a sweet desperation that tore his as heart .
tr	I	And that fury made boil within him .
tr	O	She was his world and when she died you became his world .
tr	I	Sarah and Chris hurried over and waited for show the to begin .
tr	I	He gasped and drew in stomach his .
tr	O	And I wouldn 't know to what degree until I reached whatever place I was headed for .
tr	O	But reality wasn 't going to pause or wait for us .
tr	I	Tyler reaches and down lifts a black metal blade , with a sharp silver edge , from the ground .
tr	O	One of them slowly raised its arms high in the air .
tr	I	She felt his withdrawal a like physical ache .
tr	O	She closed her eyes and lay still .
tr	O	He could see lights burning inside .
tr	O	They said we didn 't have what it took .
tr	I	She was a competent woman who could handle a career and family a .
tr	I	I hover hand my over toned muscles .
tr	O	Normally we don 't get a choice , but today they have food laid out for us .
tr	O	And until we find out what she is up to , I suggest you warn your wives and children to stay close to the Fortress .
tr	O	It bounces off the back of his head and he bends down , scoops it up , and throws it back at me .
tr	I	You 're the prime example of what your kind is capable of producing , wonder no they want you so badly .
tr	I	There was only slightest the twinge from his back , telling him it was mostly healed .
tr	I	It refused to open as Luna 's felt legs cold due to the water seeping through her jeans .
tr	O	If Bianca was interested in bribing them , she would have asked for a hell of a lot more than that .
tr	I	He knew fishy something was up , he just did not know what .
tr	I	Then she smiled so that warmly he knew she understood .
tr	O	Day 7 My labs show new blood cells are beginning to grow .
tr	O	I could tell what she was scared of - not too hard to figure out .
tr	I	The long corridor ended at a large square with room multiple circular tunnels in three of the walls .
tr	O	Rebecca ignored it and hauled herself to her feet on her own .
tr	O	He 'd delighted in letting her hear the savage roars of the Ancient in his cage .
tr	I	She slipped from beneath his embrace , moving to the edge of the tent to the pull flap aside .
tr	I	He compiled 'd a huge portfolio of songs .
tr	I	Everything was blur a .
tr	O	I stopped pulling the flat sheet straight and glanced over my shoulder at the little girl .
tr	I	Animal populations not rendered initially extinct were rebounding .
tr	I	When I reached yacht the I quickly climbed aboard and helped her in .
tr	O	He was here when I got in .
tr	I	He says as he his places hand on mine .
tr	O	' Hey ... how could anyone be dead up here ?
tr	O	Instead , he wrapped his arms around me and drew me between his long legs , cradling me against his chest .
tr	O	The action figures fall to the side , forgotten .
tr	I	The Italian crowd was watching , Ezio noted , quiet with pleasure .
tr	I	It 't didn take time for the thunder to come .
tr	I	I honestly can 't answer that because I 't don know . '
tr	I	She like sagged a rag doll in his grip .
tr	I	Jared volunteered to me help ?
tr	I	Something rustled in the brush , by followed a bleating voice .
tr	O	But instinctively she knew Talon would never hurt her .
tr	O	Would they be one of the groups sprinting for the nearest exit , or would they stay ?
tr	I	Still , as she waved him forward and he reluctantly zoomed up to her , she couldn deny 't how hesitant he appeared .
tr	O	The nurses slowly called the patients back to see a doctor .
tr	I	Liza was thrilled that Ava had designed all the dresses , her including wedding dress .
tr	O	He had what appeared to be some kind of automatic weapon slung over his shoulder .
tr	I	I dusted myself jokingly off .
tr	O	I 'm not sure what to think , since I can 't hear her heart .
tr	I	Guess he 'd released her as she if 'd tried to kiss him again .
tr	O	I want to run away like the room is on fire .
tr	O	Ethan held up the sheaf , showing it to the GP , but unwilling to hand over the documents .
tr	I	Surely she hadn 't him heard right .
tr	I	Try to please her , and to listen her , she can teach you much .
tr	I	I 'm not sure if that was the original intention Homeland of Security .
tr	I	I wrap arms my around myself to keep myself warm , wishing I had brought a jumper with me .
tr	I	She rubbed her eyes again , this harder time .
tr	I	Even the libraries at home , which had no books to speak of and were with filled information leaflets from various ministries demanded absolute silence .
tr	O	Have you ever been granted three wishes before ?
tr	O	He wasn 't wearing a shirt , and just above his heart was a tattoo -- a black eye with a golden iris .
tr	I	She picking was up something .
tr	O	I was out a long time .
tr	I	I felt like was I going to vomit .
tr	I	Her pregnancy is factor a , my dear .
tr	O	His loafers were what I used to call his weekend shoes .
tr	O	Little snow flurries danced in fits across the sky , but there wasn 't enough snow to do more than frost the trees and make them sparkle .
tr	O	This , Mayank felt was the right time for media , especially his own newspaper to think of the purity and purpose .
tr	I	It drew a look anxious of concern .
tr	I	He thrust into me so hard the bed moved across the floor with a screech loud .
tr	I	There no is way in hell that I can hurt her .
tr	O	Where did you come by the weed , you villains ?
tr	I	He scoffed sharply , wordless a denial .
tr	I	At last they knew the time to throw lot their , and now offered their foul services .
tr	I	Reaching out , I turned the knob and pushed open it .
tr	I	Sorry the person who had brought us together now lay between dead us .
tr	O	It wasn 't that hard to learn the names of the charitable organizations that were considering her application .
tr	O	I find my sweats and tank and put them on quickly .
tr	O	Molly shook her head .
tr	I	She closed her eyes as she reached Sophie 's door , too undone to simply walk in and that pretend nothing had happened .
tr	I	I placed my hand firmly his on arm , stopping him in his tracks .
tr	I	When she glanced me at , I rolled my eyes .
tr	I	Jacy whispered to a prop nearby man .
tr	O	We always picked the lower forty first because the floods would start there .
tr	I	That he too was carried away the by moment .
tr	O	No more had passed .
tr	O	At first I assumed he grabbed whatever cup he saw .
tr	I	Iain couldn 't save his brother 's soul , but he could sure as hell slow death its .
tr	O	Even though surrounded by hundreds , I felt alone .
tr	O	Then a man with a stack of papers .
tr	I	It was obvious that with Luna around , Sebastian wasn being 't the help to Jagger that Jagger was hoping for .
tr	O	And it was no way to live .
tr	I	Claire watched him down set the phone .
tr	I	This being was kissed .
tr	O	She grabbed Kathy 's hair and slung her into the rack of clothes .
tr	I	His movements seemed sluggish , although kept he shaking his head with these harsh motions , disgust pouring from him .
tr	O	He heard the warning shouts and spun around to see the enraged Indian charging right at him with a spear lowered .
tr	I	What left is of us ?
tr	O	He was observing them , the others .
tr	O	Badly enough , since he didn 't look like he was in an indulgent mood .
tr	O	Someone is coming for me .
tr	I	Kincaid noticed my evil grin , and he swiveled around to see who I glaring was at with murder in my eyes .
tr	O	Whoever had stiffed them probably wouldn 't have counted on Linda 's remarkable kindness .
tr	I	After a minute good of static , he picked up .
tr	O	The air outside was damp and I happily took the offered drink then sat close to the fire to dry off .
tr	O	Natalie pulled a book off the shelf from the bookcase beside the window .
tr	O	But a faint blue flicker of light in the distance snared his attention making him once more reconsider what was happening .
tr	O	Rob 's arms were crossed and he looked dark .
tr	I	This was the Delilah he fallen had in love with .
tr	I	This wasn 't jewels about .
tr	O	That way he could leave exactly when he wanted to without insulting the waiter or bilking the owner or stealing the china .
tr	O	I should have known you 'd have moved on by now .
tr	I	She nothing deserves less .
tr	I	Would he be able pull to the trigger ?
tr	I	She like was a puzzle that he needed to figure out .
tr	I	Once I 'd a found card Lea 's stepmother had written to Lea , tucked away in one of her textbooks .
tr	I	I turned the to window , forcing myself to focus through my reflection .
tr	O	But as she watched Arik , she couldn 't stand the thought of losing him .
tr	I	I figured it must be an army , but as they nearer got something didn 't look right .
tr	O	He examined our faces , looking to see if we got the importance of this revelation .
tr	I	Bobo was looking ahead without a hint of self-consciousness , and she breathed sigh a of relief .
tr	O	While this did worry Ilya , it wasn 't that entirely .
tr	O	Sure , I lived in fear of what I would blow up or burn down next , but even that seemed so much simpler than now .
tr	I	Logan spoke I before could .
tr	I	Waters sat among a dozen few strangers , along with Kenner and the rest of her squad .
tr	I	Night a ran finger through a basin , bringing it out wet , a single drop clinging to her bony fingers .
tr	I	I where wondered the Canopy room was .
tr	I	I also understand that you our need help .
tr	I	Ally to proposed me .
tr	O	I was getting a little ahead of myself .
tr	O	She threw him a sarcastic smile of her own .
tr	I	I wanted to wrap my around arms her and hold her tight , but I couldn 't .
tr	I	He had admit to , the annoying red demon was instrumental in his own work .
tr	O	He smelled her blood before she 'd gotten down the first stair .
tr	O	The stallion 's thundering hooves slowed down some and she seized the opportunity to shift herself to one side .
tr	O	She said she was sorry and you don 't care .
tr	O	Delilah found a calm pool just below where Boone was standing which was shallow enough to sit in .
tr	I	That is why have I to tell you this .
tr	I	She said she needed 'd air , and he 'd let her go , giving her space .
tr	O	It always takes a while to work out who 's dead .
tr	O	To his credit , he called almost every day to report what he 'd done or investigated .
tr	I	Scarlett said that didn she 't want a cup of tea , thank you .
tr	I	Let 's send anonymous some monk instead .
tr	O	I feel like I am a stringed instrument that has been tuned too tight .
tr	I	I know I it needed .
tr	O	he said , taking in Gwen 's night braid .
tr	I	I pull away both my hands face and .
tr	I	So how did place my look ?
tr	O	Mike liked her body , too .
tr	O	Even his voice was created to make a woman climax on the spot .
tr	I	If she felt her heart would stampede of out her rib cage now , how would she feel when he took it further , took her ?
tr	I	I shake my head , not because I 'm disagreeing with Janelle ( which I 'm not ) , because but I think this is ridiculous .
tr	I	The lab sat up and put his big on head her knee , looking up at her hopefully .
tr	I	Enoch said , clapping pudgy his hands .
tr	I	I walked over and slumped onto cloth our couch .
tr	I	The running soon became press ups squats then , before it disappeared behind the bump .
tr	O	She started to cry .
tr	I	I gripped the armrest and shuddered , sure a mini orgasm just rolled my through body .
tr	I	Roland pulls the reins and yells the for horses to stop .
tr	I	Just once , which meant kill a .
tr	O	Colors seemed to disappear in the darkness , leaving only the deep shades of gray and black .
tr	O	She leaned against the wall and slowly descended the remaining steps .
tr	O	He decided it was time to act .
tr	O	They 're moving into position .
tr	O	I wanted him to ask me for details and to give me advice on what to do to find out if Bryce really did like me .
tr	I	He smiled down at girl the .
tr	O	And he learned all he needed to know about girls and sex from Anais Nin and D.H. Lawrence , or so he thought .
tr	I	But while his body demanded he reach for her , his brain him told to back off .
tr	O	She didn 't dare look away .
tr	O	There are animals within , scraggly sheep and goats .
tr	I	The stone walls repeated her words back to her , exacerbating the 's room emptiness .
tr	I	Chuck stared at Susie a for few seconds .
tr	O	He consciously lowered his shields a little more .
tr	O	Brianna 's nose was still wrinkled in distaste .
tr	I	We emerged into the borders of town a .
tr	I	She didn want 't to leave you !
tr	O	A few minutes later Katie let the last body slip from her hands and plunge over the cliffs and into the river far below .
tr	I	I 'm still in love with her , and to me that means that I want nothing more than for her to be happy life in .
tr	I	She hadn 't thought of it herself until the soldier mentioned it just now , and she didn 't her recall husband speaking to anyone .
tr	I	She her elevates eyebrows .
tr	O	But not today , unfortunately .
tr	O	You help and you shouldn 't !
tr	O	I think there was a miscarriage of justice and that a man is serving a life sentence for something he didn 't do .
tr	O	She 'd also had her teeth fixed .
tr	I	A few minutes later , after I 'd reassured as Hailey well as I could , Margaret returned .
tr	O	Inez felt her alarm increase with every step he took toward them .
tr	O	And then he was coming toward her , naked and erect , a perfect male specimen who wanted only her .
tr	I	Timothy to says himself , stand up ... stand up ... At that moment , both chairs make a screeching sound against the floor .
tr	I	The most wonderful warmth and compassion flowed and finally she took a deep breath .
tr	I	Thankfully they stayed away and there was nothing to suggest they 'd looking come for me .
tr	I	He gave a knowing to nod Meg and Caitlin .
tr	I	Standing , he up backed to give her space , the seed planted .
tr	O	He revealed to me a great truth .
tr	I	Their glass windows are long since trashed , and their contents confiscated or looted back when London Forgotten was first established .
tr	I	The she ones picked on Marie for all the time .
tr	O	If he didn 't move aside soon , I 'd have to rein up .
tr	I	She in comes , closes the door behind her .
tr	I	They drag their belts in lines across the floor , their oily black tongues over sliding the edges of their dark mouths .
tr	I	I knew that the pact broken would mean my life , and I grew frightened .
tr	O	He glanced back at her , and then put his eyes back on the mountain road .
tr	I	That should probably mean I am ready it for , but I flinch away from the ball and it goes sailing past me .
tr	O	They carefully walked down the foot path , clearing away the branches with their arms .
tr	O	He approaches her , removes her mask , kisses her ... I know he kissed you , Lynette .
tr	I	We 'd gone out to dinner and were walking back to his when place we passed Doug 's .
tr	O	I need to speak to the queen as soon as possible - and after that , I 'll need a little time with your Communicator 's Glass .
tr	I	Dinah already seated in a corner secluded table , waved .
tr	O	When I got there , the same cycle as the previous days occurred .
tr	I	I could tell also he used to be hot like Grayson .
tr	O	My frantic fingers connected to the radio .
tr	I	A half-hour later , turned I toward Levi when I felt his hand on my leg .
tr	I	An arrow whizzed past my mug and another grazed my before hand one lodged into my shoulder .
tr	I	I found working with professional soldiers be to something of a novelty .
tr	I	After to trying talk her way onto the ward to no avail , Jamison finally broke down and called Ryder .
tr	O	' I 've only brought you to a crabby hotel . '
tr	O	Then I would have texted Darren the results , and all would be well with the world .
tr	I	She was either totally oblivious , very or good at her job .
tr	O	That stupid bloody red hair .
tr	I	I remembered a knight 's supportive arms helping us that over last threshold .
tr	I	Ross started stand to .
tr	I	If his mother knew he was considering even this , she 'd be furious .
tr	O	Keep it under an hour , he warned .
tr	O	Opening my eyes , I lifted my head to see him kneeling there staring at me .
tr	O	Eric snarled , the sound low and laced with menace .
tr	I	Her arms slid around his neck , her body tightly pressing against his .
tr	O	I opened the loop with a shake and it dropped to the ground for her to step out .
tr	O	Jewels of it nestled in his eyebrows .
tr	O	Willy was trying to think of some way to stall Jeff but nothing was coming to mind .
tr	I	I climbed off the bed , my headache beginning to dissipate , and set work to .
tr	I	As in , their of own will .
tr	I	Thank you , Laura timelines Alternate collide .
tr	I	Her beauty lithe robbed him of speech .
tr	I	' You silly man old ! '
tr	I	He knew when his eyes burned red by the look sudden of horror on her face .
tr	I	Selena asked , tilting her to head the side and not turning around .
tr	I	She hauled was down a seemingly endless series of stairs and passageways , musty as only the deep underground can be .
tr	O	Except I now had to put my hand over the monster 's picture to focus on the other side of the book .
tr	O	The mental flash stirred a longing deep within his core .
tr	O	They are just things that happen to you .
tr	O	Another word he said struck her .
tr	I	Jocelyn pointed at the clothes on bed the .
tr	O	And just when I think I 'm going to lose it , the phone is wrenched from my hand .
tr	O	When he took her home once again he did not venture inside the house , instead he left her on the doorstep after a short kissing session .
tr	O	The house Mookie Preston rented was in the middle of the block and indistinguishable from the others .
tr	O	But an illegitimate son .
tr	O	He kept holding me even as I got my footing .
tr	I	With thought the of eggs and fallopian tubes , I sober up .
tr	O	When she 'd chosen her major , she wished someone had pointed out just how hard it would be .
tr	I	As she flicked off the lights in the kitchen , Bella and Blitz made a mad dash the for bedroom .
tr	I	But the more thought he about it , the more it could work to their advantage .
tr	I	She didn 't know even who this ' Miss Jackson ' was .
tr	I	He went to bed eleven around .
tr	I	A shiver traveled him through .
tr	O	Where did she get her outrageous sense of humor ?
tr	I	Once he was allowed see to his Son 's remains he concluded that there wasn 't much left .
tr	O	This wasn 't Grandma Keller 's guest room .
tr	O	No matter how prepared she was , no matter how much she might want fulfillment , what he would do would hurt her .
tr	O	Moments pass through life that are impossible to take back , stepping stones that may lead you on a path you were meant to take .
tr	O	He walked her up the stairs to her door .
tr	I	I had put to distance between us .
tr	I	Just me let a grab a sweatshirt .
tr	I	She broke away from the kiss , closing her eyes as lips his descended .
tr	O	I would just tell him when I got back .
tr	O	She thought he had trusted her more than that .
tr	I	Then the bank of fish started to traveling return to their feeding grounds .
tr	O	What of his father 's advice and that of the villagers ?
tr	I	She it held up to her eyes .
tr	O	But he had , in so many other ways , both of them too damned young .
tr	I	The illusion he 'd left of behind him wading in the water was working perfectly .
tr	I	Whatever the did cook mean ?
tr	O	The color black and their famous architecture consisting of steep roofs and sharp pointed arches continued to be their trademark .
tr	I	She shakily a lit cigarette and stood puffing furiously , smoke streaming from her dilated nostrils .
tr	O	Who took her , Prudence ?
tr	O	She gave me a stern look .
tr	I	A Google search reveal would the same thing .
tr	O	Attempts to follow demons home through their Portals back to the Void have proved to be instantly fatal to humans .
tr	O	The wards are a fickle thing .
tr	O	Meanwhile , Ren and I have built a small city for the ones taken from Star Cove .
tr	O	She winked as Christian thought about several different ways to cause her physical harm without being found guilty in a court of law .
tr	O	I 'm not supposed to be strong .
tr	O	Every access request on their encrypted computer system was logged , tagged and assigned to an investigation .
tr	O	Alma : Computers make music ?
tr	I	Bob helps stow us the luggage and we climb aboard .
tr	I	Parting her lips , tongue her played with the seam of my mouth , encouraging it open .
tr	I	I couldn 't even remember if I had told Colt much how I loved him this morning .
tr	I	You guys wait bit a .
tr	O	I realise I can 't continue this conversation whilst staring at the ceiling , I brace myself for the confrontation and turn to face her .
tr	O	Raj was about to get up when Annie appeared and served Tom some coffee ; the Chief held firmly onto Raj 's forearm .
tr	O	He lunged at the scrap but it swirled into the air away from him .
tr	I	The rocket affair was years three ago .
tr	O	But what piqued her interest more than anything else , was what he could have meant by the cryptic message .
tr	I	Journal Entry : 6 Wow Jun , today was amazing .
tr	O	He remained atop the stairs , watching her .
tr	O	Anyway , I went to the library again and since I was so smart that I didn 't bring any umbrella , I was stuck there .
tr	I	I just 't can .
tr	O	Fred Klein had faxed him maps and descriptions .
tr	I	Someone has already vandalized your car and sent you threats death .
tr	O	I quickly get to my feet and hurry after her .
tr	I	She didn mention 't she was going to play Adrian 's lover .
tr	I	The long light of the contentious sun lanced across the spent landscape as he leapt from monument monument to , zig-zagging high above the shuffling army .
tr	O	Emelia broke the silence .
tr	O	This was the last weekend before school began , and I knew that I would be swamped once Monday came around .
tr	O	But the message had been completely indecipherable .
tr	I	Chapter 23 Dario sat in the chair directly across Coach from Green , who was on the phone talking to the police .
tr	O	Scorn was shining clear as day on her face .
tr	I	It 's a on bar Miller Street .
tr	O	Even as she saw it , Gregori jerked it free .
tr	O	He tried but couldn 't focus .
tr	O	Freckles dotted her high cheekbones .
tr	O	I pretended I wasn 't even more eager for those details than she was .
tr	O	He knew that Buck would stand out , but the photo he had of Trask was not distinct enough .
tr	I	I leaning was against my car , baking in welcome sunshine .
tr	I	I feel tiny fangs bite into my gloves , not breaking warm my skin .
tr	I	' You 've it done ?
tr	I	At least that 's what she had always told been .
tr	I	He led the way into house the .
tr	I	As they tumbled the to ground the fight began and survival was key .
tr	I	No Reapers will creep on up you tonight .
tr	I	The sheer amount of martial scars that criss-crossed his face staggering was .
tr	I	Only up until this point , she 'd remained outside of that all .
tr	O	An image of Lloyd Black filled the page .
tr	I	It amazed me that , in strange such and hostile territory , I could still feel comfortable within her house .
tr	I	Demetri brought me down here earlier and showed me where the rest them of are .
tr	I	But denying it twice would mean lying to her and that be would a break in trust .
tr	O	Startled , Lauren glanced at Jason .
tr	I	Raphael sat and the arranged drums and plastic cymbals as best he could before catching up with the others in their allocated dressing room .
tr	O	I drop off to sleep thankfully .
tr	O	Young as he was , he had something of an old man 's soul in these moments .
tr	I	It was a full wolf howl , one made to from echo hilltop to hilltop across wide plains .
tr	I	A warm , golden glow started to emanate a from black ring Nina wore on her finger , spreading over her body like a protective shield .
tr	I	Listen to me , as protectors of the afterlife pay close attention to what see you here tonight .
tr	I	But he ran a finger tenderly over the of curve her jaw .
tr	O	She was entirely at her guard 's mercy .
tr	I	She nodded , escaped and .
tr	I	Not owning a home had been a lifestyle choice but suddenly it represented lack a of drive and ambition .
tr	O	Josephine mentally scolded herself .
tr	O	I shook my head , not wanting to seem too needy .
tr	I	It just was a matter of letting all other thoughts float away .
tr	I	I didn 't take hand his .
tr	I	Her first instinct was to run , to get out and as far away she as could , but what lay outside the courtyard door was worse .
tr	I	She wanted call to out to him , in case he had his gun .
tr	O	He could smell himself charring like so many of the victims he had enjoyed torturing .
tr	I	I that guess 's how love is .
tr	O	Either Jonas had let them go home or he was keeping them there .
tr	I	Oakes used almost the full amplification to drown out man the 's voice .
tr	I	She watched over soldiers wise and men and I was neither .
tr	I	It the was wrong place , the wrong time , the wrong everything !
tr	O	CHAPTER 19 JUST LIKE THAT .
tr	I	The Death are Walkers dead .
tr	O	She sat back and played with her hair .
tr	O	And they always check to make sure I 'm still wearing the symbol of my misjudgment .
tr	I	I 've been on working it for so long and so damn hard .
tr	O	He 'd seen his wife face enemy fire without flinching , yet now her voice trembled from fear over ... what ?
tr	O	A thump of a tail answered her .
tr	O	He had been waiting to find his Olivia .
tr	O	His eyes became vacant for a moment , then he seemed to snap back to life .
tr	I	I didn 't realize how that wrongness colored had my thoughts until I was right with him again .
tr	I	This one was a fighter and had not herself submitted easily .
tr	O	He tried not to think of his dreams , lately he dreaded closing his eyes .
tr	I	She could feel a tether to that reality had not previously been in place .
tr	O	As I rounded the corner to the restrooms , I typed out a message to her .
tr	O	We walk a block to another large American car parked along the street .
tr	I	He looked Antonio at .
tr	I	He back jerked in surprise .
tr	I	A faint stopped beep her heart .
tr	O	To her own ear , she sounded as if she had something to hide .
tr	I	But simply attacking our homes the during day isn 't always enough to get rid of us .
tr	I	Xander looks over at and me the other guard as we point our guns toward them .
tr	I	The hall was bare , except for a stacked few boxes , and the air smelled of - What ?
tr	I	Tom felt stomach his .
tr	I	It a was full-on massive attack and I had no idea how to get out of it .
tr	I	The throngs of were Sentinels drawn to the report of shooting .
tr	I	I reached past and him opened the freezer , looking for the tub of ice-cream Ethan and I had left unfinished .
tr	I	Vee had the Neon windows 's rolled down , and her stereo was cranking out Rihanna .
tr	O	I squinted up the length and saw , dimly , another glow about three-quarters of the way up .
tr	I	I even closed my eyes to push the out distraction that was Connor .
tr	O	No one wanted to reveal a weakness that might later be used against them .
tr	O	Gilbert had her seated on a divan at the end of the ballroom .
tr	O	JT tosses the gun across the floor .
tr	I	My parents died week this .
tr	O	Her muscles shifted in an attempt to stretch and a groan escaped her .
tr	I	Tucker 's little brother , potential kidnap and victim murder .
tr	O	Was she just ranting off some memory from her past ?
tr	I	She grabbed his wrist and twisted so all she had to do was flip her hand over he and 'd be in an almost unbreakable lock .
tr	I	I should have like refused a good girl and let his hopes lie there in the dust .
tr	I	He was almost now too weak to move .
tr	I	Not like the stories she heard had of Earth .
tr	I	Every woman in the room raised hand her to the side of her neck as the prerecorded instructor called off the count .
tr	O	she said while she paused to catch her breath .
tr	I	A Constable Grey knew came up to him pat on the shoulder .
tr	I	He took her by the and hand they walked away from the Great Dome .
tr	O	Well , that made two of them .
tr	O	I wasn 't part of this .
tr	I	Was real this or was he still dreaming ?
tr	I	Fortunately , her primary duty was to me protect , so she restrained herself .
tr	O	The blade just nicked the buzzard 's wing but it was enough to knock it of course and send it crashing into the ground .
tr	O	The shit hole where I lost her .
tr	O	Few people were out yet .
tr	O	The thought widened Jess 's smile .
tr	I	She looked and down spotted Henry at her feet .
tr	O	She clenched her teeth , belatedly realizing she had indeed allowed his name to slip .
tr	I	Some dragons great had , intricate tattoos , while others had stripes of glowing light down their sides , and across their wings .
tr	I	The screams of demons filled cavern the .
tr	I	He wanted to pull at over the next available spot .
tr	O	She questions again after a few minutes .
tr	O	And the bank , also covered with sand , gently sloped into the water .
tr	I	I 'm sure not .
tr	O	Tears that had been lying in wait since she 'd found Mrs. Basso that morning .
tr	O	I mutter to myself before heading into the bathroom .
tr	I	They rolled her over the back edge of trunk the , dropped her in , and slammed the lid shut .
tr	I	I thought it was strange that Roth didn 't automatically know what Gerald was with all his awesome greatness demon .
tr	O	Marcella got out and waved the driver away .
tr	I	He says , not anything giving away in his voice .
tr	O	Ramsey was a tall , broad shouldered man with a dark mustache and stubble .
tr	O	The front doors are huge and heavy and mahogany , also unusual for this type of home .
tr	I	Friday Lodge busily typed in his office cubicle .
tr	O	Tabitha had a whole life that was nothing like Ali 's .
tr	O	At least I hadn 't killed him outright .
tr	O	We are not a numerous people , and we tend to die young ; therefore any new young Shadowhunter is a cause for joy and delight .
tr	O	' Beggar that I am , I am even poor in thanks , ' she said with an appreciative nod .
tr	I	He met Nikki 's eyes and wished for all the world he could tell who her he was , that he was here for her .
tr	O	Incredibly , I saw myself now huddled close against the brickwork that lined the window .
tr	O	Because reality had changed .
tr	O	Alright , distance and no friendship .
tr	O	Blake headed out the back door .
tr	O	It was a bit of a distraction , and Tasha , usually focused , was seldom , if ever , distracted .
tr	I	I shudder at the thought of what is being to done them .
tr	I	The door they had just walked was through apparently a door to the toilets .
tr	O	They stood up and came to me , each taking an arm .
tr	O	Together they pushed the gate closed .
tr	O	When she spoke , the smell of her breath clouded around me , all drowsy nodding wildflowers and recent rain and distant wood smoke .
tr	I	I him hugged again .
tr	I	Paul watched excitement the created by the hysterical woman .
tr	O	There were no prints on the way to the kitchen and no lights within .
tr	O	A couple miles outside of camp , Boone and Delilah stashed the blankets and continued towards the hidden compound .
tr	O	It didn 't scream bridesmaid .
tr	I	I was afraid to look into the rooms I that was walking by .
tr	O	It shivered him to his very soul .
tr	I	But somehow she found herself parked on the 's girl street , staring up at the dilapidated apartment building .
tr	I	Her thin pink curled lips upward .
tr	I	As my roared sword , I heard screams , which stopped me dead in my tracks and I turned to face were Nuru was looking .
tr	I	His voice faltered and swallowed he .
tr	I	The present saw me in in Holyhead short order , and then in London .
tr	O	If you left , you would be out there vulnerable , able to be manipulated , your strength comes from being together .
tr	O	Place and environmental themes are prominent in several .
tr	O	He lifted a shoulder .
tr	I	The same conditions that had made this place such a beautiful destination so for long now made it a sandpit of hell .
tr	O	The island is dramatic -- even majestic .
tr	I	She set a tray Elena before that held more food than she could have eaten in a week .
tr	I	Could be it a but , an alas , or an unfortunately ?
tr	O	No one doubted the source .
tr	I	Brian heard himself asking again , this in time a softer voice .
tr	I	A canceled party , he liked the of sound that .
tr	I	She regained composure her and smiled sweetly .
tr	I	John pulled the on reins and Satan came to a stop under a huge , old oak tree .
tr	O	I was startled , but I wasn 't complaining .
tr	I	He liked it he because could sneak away and proofread a document while he ate .
tr	I	Bo just smiled Lucius at , but I thought it seemed a bit of a forced gesture .
tr	I	He would hide his where goodness no one noticed until someday they had a whole library of tapes and photos .
tr	O	I took it and placed it over my head with a smile .
tr	O	She didn 't recognize Newton at a distance .
tr	O	The crack about honor got under my skin .
tr	I	The only way of destroying demon a was by taking its head off .
tr	I	Not until know we where we 're going .
tr	I	If they were going to escape New Orleans , they would have to split to up do so .
tr	O	I knew by the way Beck 's fingers curled into fists that he could see that too .
tr	O	Chris must have shown surprise because Ginny felt obligated to explain .
tr	I	Troy 's fate lies the in hands of the Greeks .
tr	I	He at swung me as he tumbled down .
tr	I	Don 't try to anything lift heavy .
tr	O	When their movie ended , Cole turned on the news .
tr	I	Anne Marie couldn possibly 't have declined after that .
tr	I	I made 've a mess of things .
tr	I	He found it discomfiting , sensing that she had faith no .
tr	O	Something was going on with her .
tr	O	Something had indeed changed about the machines .
tr	I	They arrived at mansion the in Malibu and pulled into the gates , driving passed the security booth and up under the portico .
tr	I	Daniel needed her to feel his love , needed to make love her to mind , her body , and her heart .
tr	O	He and Dad had repaired the damage during the spring launch checklist .
tr	O	You are on my land , have murdered my men .
tr	I	If Chet realized what an inane statement that was , he no gave indication .
tr	I	He was grown a man , capable of taking care of himself .
tr	O	There is no hunting allowed within two hundred miles .
tr	I	Tears streamed down her cheeks as gasped she for air between sobs .
tr	I	Isabelle took his hand , the Alec one wasn 't holding , and pressed it fiercely .
tr	I	He shook head his .
tr	O	The two words hung in the air between them for a minute .
tr	I	None of was this happening .
tr	O	The sound of a slamming door confirmed her statement .
tr	I	No wonder Paul and Hector up came empty tracking Troy down .
tr	O	She reached past him , and hit the stop button .
tr	O	she said fearing something awful might have happened .
tr	I	Ignoring three she focused on one as her mind rewound the estimating image how the young man might have looked a decade earlier .
tr	O	He 's not all the way in yet , I can tell .
tr	O	Kneeling on the floor , I gently prodded him , my hands a caress as I broke into his slumber .
tr	O	He tried a sandwich and found it crunchy and not exactly unpleasant but odd enough for him to finish it only with an effort .
tr	O	He was a deadbeat .
tr	O	Sails were lowered and furled , and a pretty little rowing skiff put over the side immediately .
tr	I	Lowering the clock to the table , considered Mom that .
tr	I	I thought I saw triumph in her eyes she as turned and disappeared into the darkness .
tr	I	But the gryphon ignored me and moved deeper into the forest , taking with Logan him .
tr	O	Jeremy 's eyes were shut with his head slumped back onto the sofa 's armrest .
tr	I	But wherever we live , is there an outside .
tr	I	Everyone turned to her as they tried to what understand she was saying , what she meant .
tr	O	Little blue eyes widened .
tr	O	He looked up , trying to think .
tr	O	In less than a minute Neil swung her small bag over his shoulder and pulled her to her feet .
tr	O	I like living here and I don 't want to move .
tr	I	But I think that I should tell you straight away that I do not share the paranoia that Gilbert Mrs or Mrs Calvert do .
tr	O	Join a sports team , maybe ?
tr	O	He wrapped me tighter , so tightly I could feel his heartbeat -- the solid , steady thumping in his chest that was ... strangely calming .
tr	O	Ruthie dragged him out to the parking lot and they just had time to pile into a pickup driven by Jason Hamilton .
tr	O	I called up my recollection of a risk management class lecture so I could deliver an offhand answer .
tr	O	Desperate , I squeezed Jared 's hand as I tugged him harder , hoping he would at least understand my worry .
tr	O	He smiles , shaking his skull .
tr	I	She knew she should feel uncomfortable with this stranger but couldn help 't but relax in the company of such rare beauty .
tr	O	Then , he whistles at Star Thief .
tr	O	You look like one of those Spanish ladies at the Festival .
tr	O	She nodded , but she didn 't let go of Duncan .
tr	O	Her regal beauty was still there , but its power over him had faded .
tr	O	She had to get away from this man - the sooner , the better .
tr	I	I kept my on eyes the intern instead .
tr	I	The laughter gone had from his voice entirely when he replied .
tr	O	And riding on his shoulders was his son , the youngest of the bunch , a child who looked to be about five .
tr	I	The change of angle brought on small a burst of his seed .
tr	O	A second later , something I 'd oddly missed in a messed-up way happened .
tr	O	A muscle popped in his jaw .
tr	O	He knew exactly who Angus was , why wasn 't he telling her ?
tr	O	Paula realized it was she that was the center of attention .
tr	O	Chapter 33 : Paper Trail Luke Garth , the tech who had used acid etching to reveal the serial number , did not remain idle for long .
tr	I	' Wanted to know when you worked , so he 'd be sure he didn miss 't you . '
tr	O	There was a formidable wall surrounding the balcony .
tr	O	Copyright © 2013 Craig Allen .
tr	O	I snuck him into my bed when I had nightmares , even though he was supposed to sleep in the downstairs laundry room .
tr	O	If push came to shove , I still wasn 't sure if he 'd side with me or the prophecy .
tr	I	There were signs no of settlement , or of any travellers .
tr	O	She had thought that Thomas and Gregory would also be forced into spying for TGN , but they were nowhere to be seen .
tr	O	Do you think it didn 't keep me up at night ?
tr	I	When they made it back to their floor , was Nicky waiting for them in the hallway .
tr	I	He couldn get 't back into this country .
tr	I	When she turned back , it wasn 't Madison 's staring face back at her .
tr	I	Where had the spunk gone her from voice ?
tr	I	They had turned the heating element on for metal the , making it quite toasty against my pale feet .
tr	O	She began to sing along .
tr	O	Then I climb up several beams , grab the edge of the pier 's walkway , pull myself up , and peek around .
tr	I	She needed him , needed desperately him .
tr	I	Having performed dozens of at times the club , Sara and I were recognizable to nearly everyone who would be there on a Wednesday night .
tr	O	I breathe a sigh of relief , maybe she did frighten him by confronting him .
tr	I	Declan a gave snort .
tr	I	There were no doors anymore and I could see right through the house to the wall of the in maze the back yard .
tr	I	Finally relaxed , I placed my hand my on baby bump .
tr	I	He 'd had to leave his motorcycle right there on the side of the road , 't couldn continue to push it after the attack .
tr	I	There was a gash just above 's Jenny ear that had been hidden by her long hair .
tr	O	In 1976 , Julian Jaynes of Princeton University proposed a novel theory about consciousness .
tr	I	Or job a promotion ?
tr	I	He went back his into cabin , and paced .
tr	O	That fact altered everything .
tr	O	I didn 't think he did , but I didn 't voice that opinion .
tr	I	Animals 't don bleed .
tr	O	A warrior does not ever show weakness and whether you feel it is right or it is wrong , these soft feelings are considered a weakness .
tr	I	Elena turned toward in Meredith agitation .
tr	O	Dozens of city patrols are mixed in with crowds of civilians , organizing them into groups at the entrance .
tr	O	Would people forgive Will the things he did if he were ugly ?
tr	I	All these had changes been made because the entire Costas family loved Sam and wanted her to have as close to a perfect childhood as possible .
tr	O	It 's okay , whispered Ava 's voice , and her fingers tightened around mine .
tr	I	Once I 'm the in Schiaparelli Basin proper , I can count on the normal sandy terrain I 'm used to .
tr	O	Which was precisely why her arms weren 't free .
tr	O	Then the unthinkable happened .
tr	O	Julia was like a day of sunshine after years of rain .
tr	O	Darcy 's hands were fisted at her sides as she watched his strong body bend over to get the wine .
tr	I	Agent Lee looked grim but nothing said .
tr	I	Rick started turning in a circle , and the general mood he was putting me in me made want to slap him .
tr	O	Chapter 3 Nate rounded the corner of Main Street and Union , his feet pounding the sidewalk .
tr	I	I dove back down and grabbed forearm her .
tr	I	I needed to have a serious talk with girl my .
tr	O	Nicola radiated anger and determination .
tr	O	She used to be a hugger , but now when anyone wrapped their warm arms around her it reminded her of how cold she was .
tr	O	Two men in fatigues had brought her to him .
tr	O	I reread the note , trying to figure out if there was a clue I had missed on the page .
tr	O	She dipped a ladle in , then served the soup to Corinne .
tr	O	I turned back to Mab .
tr	O	I squirmed to move away , but he held fast .
tr	O	As a size eight , she had been small compared to the average size American female .
tr	O	Seated thirty feet up in a pine tree , my perseverance was absolutely being tested this morning .
tr	I	How could not you remember him ? '
tr	O	She was so much more than some dilettante royal .
tr	I	Because somehow her comfort food had turned erotic and sharing memories with an old friend had become much something more sensual .
tr	O	With tons of debris on top of us .
tr	I	Many nights I stay with him , said Dale .
tr	O	He 'd never had those feelings of butterflies in his stomach like when he was around her .
tr	O	No , the world became Adrian , only Adrian .
tr	I	So 't don you fret , my little one .
tr	O	Responds the policeman after a few moments , a dark look on his face .
tr	O	Sash and I used to make so much fun of those idiots .
tr	O	Tears pricked her eyes as she held him close and wished dawn had never come .
tr	I	She grew magically , until she was towering him over like a coiled cobra , but the Prince didn 't flinch .
tr	I	my mother asked , grabbing me by the and shoulders attempting to steer me into the master bedroom .
tr	I	But they were getting there , be ever it so slowly .
tr	I	After that , I went up rooftop the .
tr	O	She was grinning at me , and I could tell she was happy to see I had a sentimental side .
tr	O	She gave him a crooked smile but said nothing .
tr	O	She pulled down his boxers and smiled like a Cheshire cat .
tr	O	Oliver Hector had tried to kil me .
tr	O	It was clearly design for people of an average height of only 4 cubits .
tr	O	It killed her , but Milne had to finish her while she had the chance .
tr	O	I forced a smile , but nothing about his features softened .
tr	I	In fact , I once road an Ass at out Bernie Shaw 's ranch ; it wasn 't so bad ?
tr	I	I couldn 't be that be and broken .
tr	O	You do what I 'm telling you .
tr	O	Adelle and Darryl sat together , holding each other close .
tr	I	The others to seemed be having similar problems .
tr	I	He at grinned her .
tr	I	They looked just like they belonged together .
tr	O	Barrett stood with his arms folded and watched with amusement .
tr	O	She used both his names when she was upset with him .
tr	I	' We can expect more it like ? '
tr	I	Cheyenne in asked surprise .
tr	I	In the truest sense of truest that word .
tr	O	The only trace of knowledge he had seen had been surrounded by a firm , unyielding disbelief .
tr	I	His voice was calm , but full rage of .
tr	I	What in the are hell you trying to do , Maddie ?
tr	O	He remembered Charlton Heston Man nearly busting a blood vessel before Leo had finally concluded his business with the board of directors for Kimball Technologies .
tr	I	No one ever survived because of what lay the in forest .
tr	O	He didn 't need to though .
tr	O	She sighed loudly and then interlocked her fingers around my stomach .
tr	I	She thrusts her chest out and her perky tits are in my face , perfect , young lush and .
tr	I	I catch a glimpse of Skyla at the kitchen sink , so I head to the back door and give a wave brief .
tr	O	His hand in her hair , his arm around her body and his strength that would make Hercules jealous made this effort moot .
tr	O	Alix hurried into her small guesthouse and placed her hands over her ears to block out the voices that were shouting at her .
tr	I	Grant wondered what part of the city he was under now by .
tr	I	The world pressed on down me .
tr	O	I figured he thought Jane should have left her money to cancer research or the SPCA or the orphanage .
tr	I	Even when he was safe in his parents ' bed , couldn he 't talk .
tr	O	His fingers brushed her chin , sending a dancing flame spiraling along her spine .
tr	O	That certainly wasn 't the life Charles led .
tr	O	How quickly she became someone different with him , a man who was still deeply locked in grief for his dead family .
tr	I	Alchemist phones were probably wired into some antenna high-tech on the moon .
tr	O	She could feel hard tiles beneath her back .
tr	I	His was tone snide as he spoke to Jakob .
tr	O	He turned the key and with a click it unfastened and cracked the door open slightly .
tr	O	One is taller , with their head hanging low and their broad shoulders are stooped over .
tr	I	Behind them , Raven stirred , up sat , shoved at her hair from long habit .
tr	I	I to wanted punch him .
tr	I	With everything he her put through ?
tr	I	At sound the , he 'd tensed .
tr	O	His words sounded matter-of-fact , not grudging , but something had changed .
tr	I	The best is defense a good offense .
tr	O	I found my feet and located the swirling mass which now hovered briefly over Billy .
tr	I	Bryony couldn believe 't it .
tr	O	There was worry on his face and in his eyes .
tr	I	Her eyes widen as she notices my dad carrying rifle a .
tr	O	She put the tray down but didn 't say anything .
tr	I	How could he believe he 'd completely put her first considering the and lies omissions that stood between them ?
tr	O	' I 'm fine now , Jasper , ' she countered .
tr	O	Eve 's stilettos made it difficult to gain purchase on the polished cement floor .
tr	O	Their hands were unsteady as he unbuttoned her shirt and she tugged at his t-shirt , working her hands under the soft cloth onto his burning skin .
tr	O	I turned from the landscape and moved toward his door .
tr	I	The doctor pointed out the spine , the arms and legs electronically and measured each .
tr	O	In between were artists Sophia had a harder time identifying , and this was no doubt one of them .
tr	O	I could feel his heart beating beneath me and I snuggled into him tighter , loving the feel of his warm body next to mine .
tr	O	It seems so unreal that we almost didn 't get our happily ever after .
tr	O	People generally don 't hump in public , and , by law , I can 't photograph through windows .
tr	I	She watched the brown flash back through the open glass door .
tr	O	The sight of Lucas was a bit of a shock .
tr	O	And what if Milos could bring Allie in -- even if only as a prisoner ?
tr	I	Mrs. Kilpatrick hours said and all the things he wanted to do to her would take much longer than that .
tr	I	I 'd taken many walks in these woods and Miranda had grown up on this property , but it didn 't really at help night time .
tr	I	The young couple offered each up their Louisiana Driver 's licenses .
tr	O	I mouthed a few four-letter words and spun away , pressing my back against the tree .
tr	I	The family is split right the down middle on the subject of the raw egg .
tr	O	He started the process from the beginning , only to be interrupted by Brick revealing his latest idea .
tr	O	No matter what the future holds , I know that with Coop by my side I can handle it all .
tr	O	She was crocheting , with a bag of yarn sitting at her feet .
tr	I	I never 've had to deal with anything like this before .
tr	O	Once standing she shook the last stars from her eyes and started back to the creature .
tr	I	I tilted my head the to side , somewhat like a snake , and stared at him severely .
tr	I	Lyssa skidded to ground the , rocks scraping her skin .
tr	I	I didn 't know what to say , so I simply grabbed his arm and dragged him into my office before else anyone could see him .
tr	O	Emily could sense that Rose was very elderly even though she only looked to be middle-aged .
tr	O	His hands to her ass .
tr	I	She pulled her hand away quickly looked and back at me .
tr	O	At least in his world justice was appropriately served .
tr	I	All those years -- all those wasted years -- keeping house for my precious sister and her family , a dumping ground , that 's all .
tr	I	Sincerity dripped from the clear eyes blue .
tr	I	It 's absolutely ridiculous and extremely stupid sounding , but it 's a laugh worth knowing , you lest ever have to hear it yourself .
tr	O	This spontaneous decision felt incredibly right .
tr	I	The edge of satisfaction in her voice made it clear it that was a one-way trip .
tr	O	I stand at the edge of the maze beside Lennox , but I 'm listening to what is being whispered behind me .
tr	O	Combinations of colors , hues , and shades all blended together , then slowly separated , creating a unique , detailed picture .
tr	I	Whispered me at to ... ... stop being so pretentious .
tr	I	Was the that quick , beating thump of pewter ?
tr	I	Don 't up look too soon .
tr	I	Lea entered the gym and heard some heavy punches , which got attention her .
tr	O	After driving north for three hours , they reached the airport of Havana .
tr	I	She assumed Faye was in shock , but did not it give much time to contemplate as she followed Parker to the back of the room .
tr	O	What had they done to deserve that ?
tr	O	I worried that I wouldn 't love because my father couldn 't love .
tr	O	He 'd kick her out and show her that he wasn 't going to be led around .
tr	I	He gave him Fourteen Omicron .
tr	O	She wanted this man to react to her , wanted him to respond with greater and greater need .
tr	O	She tried to laugh .
tr	I	A shuffle from behind indicated was Clinton once again standing .
tr	I	The shadows shifted , and next to the road I could see Mr. Spruill and Hank standing face-to-face , both at talking once .
tr	O	I waited by the door when the bell rang .
tr	O	Linda looked from Kip to the judge and back again .
tr	I	What games , for 's God sake ?
tr	O	She 'd clapped her hands together .
tr	I	Her hand wrapped around the phone , catching his in fingers hers for a moment .
tr	I	He turned dismissively away .
tr	O	I fired a shot through his left forearm and then , as I had said I would , I grazed his right arm with the final shot .
tr	O	He opened his mouth and then closed it , at a loss for words .
tr	O	Between Fin and her father , she worried that they would demand Lizzy return at that very moment .
tr	I	He didn 't that like .
tr	O	Ash had actually dropped his hand , as if it were all too much .
tr	O	Simone stared at herself in the bathroom mirror as the maiden swiftly left the room .
tr	I	Naomi had told her that Madison 's leg had been shattered the in accident .
tr	I	' I need to get away him . '
tr	I	The French police captain took advantage of powerless girls , yet let Rick shepherd them freedom to .
tr	I	His mind tripped over a question he hadn considered 't before .
tr	O	He dropped out of the public eye for a short time after the accident , but he came back with a vengeance .
tr	I	If she 'd been Pushing hard , the force of his would attack have thrown her backward .
tr	I	She knew it would be a long hard battle , but was she ready to go .
tr	O	Then I realise why ; it 's not the police car .
tr	I	Now was of one them .
tr	I	' I 'll saddle him up and have taken him to you .
tr	I	I have great need you of .
tr	I	His strokes came faster , deeper ... his fingers sliding in out and with the same perfect tempo .
tr	O	But today David 's eyes were brown .
tr	O	His grandfather 's mansion at Vaucluse had been the one constant in his life , but visiting was not the same as belonging .
tr	O	And what the Circle itself would see when it visualized the future -- Grace voiced her support for unleashing Scar .
tr	O	There was a crack , and the staff split asunder in Saruman 's hand , and the head of it fell down at Gandalf 's feet .
tr	I	Now I 'm here , and they really are dead , and there 's nothing I do can .
tr	O	The girl of the hour was back and I had a million questions I needed to ask .
tr	O	She ran from the table and descended the short flight of stairs to the beach where she scanned the area and took stock of the ground .
tr	I	His father had told him over and over again how a ruler never must show weakness .
tr	I	Sarah appreciated his question but knew there more was to it .
tr	I	Sloane was pretty much the only in one her family that had made something of herself .
tr	O	BG : It 's about the river , obviously .
tr	I	The phone beeped disconnect the tone .
tr	O	Then , we tell Watney exactly how to hack the rover software to add those 20 instructions .
tr	O	' That 's a shame .
tr	I	Bought this land from 'em twenty years ago , they but 've retired since then .
tr	I	I at laughed her lack of subtlety .
tr	I	My fingers on tightened his arm .
tr	I	But before she could say another word , a shadowy figure the at top of the stairs caught her eye .
tr	I	Two shots out rang at once .
tr	I	Kali froze , for afraid a moment that he might say no .
tr	O	Wet clothes scuffed on dry rock .
tr	O	Clementine felt the walkway rise and fall beneath us .
tr	O	Always staying ahead of Nicolae and his relentless pursuit of her .
tr	I	Jolene felt wave a of exhaustion .
tr	I	The was fact , if not for this Dorner fellow , he 'd be riding now to file his papers .
tr	O	Arthur fell over at the point where the travelling stairs were sucked into the floor again .
tr	I	But he also realized that it alone wasn enough 't , not by a long shot .
tr	O	In answer I started to laugh until Claudia was giggling uncontrollably , our hilarity muffled by our pillows so we wouldn 't wake our friends .
tr	I	He knew the rain had let to up soon .
tr	I	I back leaned , pulling her with me and let myself fall onto my back .
tr	O	It wasn 't anything I 'd even thought about .
tr	I	But he knew Argon was there , somewhere , him egging on .
tr	O	Hayden 's gentle voice stops me .
tr	O	We need a tree that is bold and prominent and that will send a message to the entire country .
tr	I	That feeling redoubled when Richard his clicked Parker pen and said , ' That 's that .
tr	I	He might have handled it better if 'd he been prepared .
tr	O	Son of Seth Markov , real-life GI Joe ... Jason Bourne .
tr	O	I brightened up at the thought of Robin joining us for dinner .
tr	O	Her body arched off of the chaise as the combination of sensations rocketed her over the edge .
tr	O	' Can you imagine Bambi Richards doing this ? '
tr	O	No matter how slowly she walked , the rocky soil crunched beneath her feet , but she wasn 't too concerned about drawing attention .
tr	O	Assuming her to be nothing more than a common thief , they returned to their posts within the city .
tr	I	His was pack all around basking in the glow of the final full moon .
tr	O	It 's too late .
tr	O	She wouldn 't put it past Connor .
tr	O	He looked at Walker who was sitting in the rear seat , rocking gently .
tr	O	He stopped and looked down .
tr	I	She stood by the railing , the scanning deck , the people on it , and the body lying in the middle of everything .
tr	I	Across the sleeping quarters , the through wall , came the low , rumbling menace of the flames .
tr	O	Eventually , a small group of men strode out from inside the palisade .
tr	I	She found herself her lifting arms into dancing position , and Redgrave smoothly slipped into her unwilling embrace .
tr	O	People ate dinner together all the time and never carried it further .
tr	O	Chatter spread through the streets as more people saw Auron Fox as prisoner in the caravan .
tr	I	The other man got into the passenger seat , and it was then that Eve saw the deep scar that puckered the entire side one of cheek .
tr	I	However continued he his quiet attack , his deliberate and calm voice more threatening than wild shouts .
tr	I	The priestess words spoke of blessing over the animals , and then selected one lamb for immediate sacrifice .
tr	O	I flopped on an ancient love seat across from him , throwing my legs over the arm and letting my feet dangle .
tr	I	Argued back and forth , many not agreeing with me .
tr	O	It 's not as hazardous as the numbers make it to be .
tr	I	I was immediately welcomed , and soon after the council launched into a semi passionate series of about debates the northern front .
tr	I	The atmosphere of horror and dread impressed upon her bones very .
tr	O	A few grandmothers were being swarmed by fawning family members .
tr	I	They stared at the sky blue and the greenish trees on the surrounding .
tr	O	' The only pain I feel is in the top of my arm ... Did I keep falling on a needle ? '
tr	I	He looked at his hand , seeing the blood seeping through white the bandage .
tr	O	Old money , like his father , with his ways set in stone .
tr	O	He took it and shook firmly .
tr	O	Now all he had to do was figure out how to convince her .
tr	I	I poured more and wine took a big drink out of it .
tr	O	I wanted so to comfort her but when I reached out to embrace her she motioned for me to be still .
tr	I	From somewhere the comes smell of grilling meat .
tr	I	And yet ... But what if I ... want to do something impossible .
tr	O	I 'd better go after her . '
tr	O	The two stood awestruck for several breaths completely unaware of the traffic jam they were causing .
tr	O	Logs had jammed up on the far side of the river , probably creating a swimming hole .
tr	I	He gets too big for boots his .
tr	I	For fans of The Amityville Horror I recommend : Don 't Be Afraid of the Dark 1973 ( ) and The Car ( 1977 ) .
tr	O	Her heart blazed against her chest .
tr	I	I shall to have consider it some more .
tr	I	One God of 's gifts to my life .
tr	O	Well you can imagine the controversy surrounding that !
tr	O	His chest was warm and solid under my fingers , and I could feel his every breath .
tr	O	She handed me a pale green silk blouse and a smug look .
tr	I	It must been have calculating something important to their flight .
tr	O	She might as well go with the flow .
tr	I	She left had me a little note , too , on an old envelope that already held the beginnings of my shopping list .
tr	O	He slammed the phone down .
tr	O	She turned and tugged Walter back through the door and headed across the foyer toward her office .
tr	O	Well , everything that happened after Ayden 's part .
tr	I	But he wouldn 't give Watt the satisfaction of proving his point him for .
tr	O	Ethan stopped running and turned to her with a look of confusion .
tr	O	Her hand drops from my back and I hear her sharp intake of air .
tr	O	Maddie ended on a sob she couldn 't suppress .
tr	O	Her mama along with the other females in my immediate family shakes their curls .
tr	I	And we will you teach virtue .
tr	O	Arn stood up and shook his fist at the man .
tr	I	Almost before his sailors had the made ship fast , Barak was coming up the long flight of granite steps to the Citadel .
tr	I	Mom was too drunk for a even scream to get through .
tr	I	He wore no neck cloth , nor a jacket , and boots his , though clean , didn 't shine as they normally did .
tr	O	Jamie sounded as if he meant the words .
tr	I	How embracing was the hot motionless air , the deep rumble of life malignant all around them .
tr	O	It wasn 't far , set within the same compound of buildings in which her room was found .
tr	O	Another ultrasound was scheduled in less than two weeks .
tr	I	Four hundred yen and thirty minutes on a train would take him back to his life old .
tr	O	Quebec -- and Canada and Louisiana -- stay French .
tr	I	I look in my rearview mirror again , at the bike 's light front .
tr	I	from Julia and we for waited the knock at the back door .
tr	O	His mind was empty , so he concentrated on his vision .
tr	I	Vaughn waited uncertainly for a moment , but she didn 't look anywhere except at her task , at the she pills was counting out .
tr	I	Finishing the floor in record time , breathing my remained strained .
tr	I	While they planned how to keep themselves hidden , one man to wanted attack .
tr	O	As she unlocked the gate that blocked the launch ramp , Jim began to maneuver the truck so he could back the boat into the water .
tr	I	Sarah whirled anger in , yanking her arm away from him as if his grasp was red hot .
tr	O	I mean , what could I do ?
tr	O	Nothing was going to stop me from helping Jagger and his cryptic clique from decorating the decadent dance club .
tr	O	Gideon and Ashby were sitting by the pine ; Gideon was leaning tiredly against it as he watched her from under hooded eyes .
tr	I	He told them the pick-up was east heading the last time he saw it .
tr	O	I had a pair that were pink , but I 'd forgotten them at home .
tr	I	Sometimes killing is to stop something from killing you , but more it often 's in order for you to eat . '
tr	O	I wasn 't a hard ass .
tr	I	But defied you me and your guards failed to report in .
tr	O	For a time they were safe .
tr	I	I suddenly forward leaned .
tr	O	Victoria looked confused for a moment .
tr	O	They 'd never made me feel that unconditional love .
tr	I	Maybe I should sing time every .
tr	I	They were finally safe , their on nerves edge .
tr	I	There was so much more she wanted to say , but could she see already that Alex wanted to escape .
tr	O	She moved in the goth crowd .
tr	I	Kelly rubbed her damp together hands and focused on Ethan .
tr	I	That was where she met 'd her fiancé , Matt .
tr	I	But there was no way of the reaching string .
tr	O	This is crazy , Laura thought to herself ; I 'm not a marriage counselor or therapist or anything .
tr	O	He looked up from the cardboard box on his bed , laying a shirt in it as he turned around .
tr	O	I walked in to his hovel and closed the door .
tr	I	Tim proud stands and looks each of them over .
tr	I	It 't didn matter .
tr	I	I back come to the here and now .
tr	O	The men grunted agreement , separated and disappeared into three different buildings .
tr	I	But that rarely happened ; the fine for counterfeiting would be enormous : two and a half times the full market value of genuine the animal .
tr	O	Fortunately , she had no such problem with doing so herself and moved easily past him .
tr	O	Viggo and Sofie took a seat on either side of me , sandwiching me in the middle .
tr	I	That 's why they took so long to come get and me .
tr	O	And not only because Bethany loved them but because I found myself beginning to care and worry for them too .
tr	O	Surely divorce was better than this sort of misery .
tr	I	She a produces heavy embossed invitation from some hidden pocket .
tr	I	Under these circumstances , it was impossible escape to , because Sebastian 's thoughts could betray them and their location anytime .
tr	O	She supposed it didn 't help that she was more like the walking dead , than a living person , since she had returned .
tr	O	Once you get that door unlocked , fix those drinks , and then get down on the floor to scrub that rug .
tr	O	Whatever had brought Carter and his cash to Arcadia was beside the point .
tr	O	She hadn 't left after all .
tr	O	Katrina remained perched on Ken 's head .
tr	O	They make me feel like a giant or an Amazon - and she 's carrying a white box that seems almost as big as she is .
tr	I	Visitors weren 't supposed to be in room the with her .
tr	I	Meanwhile the world moving kept .
tr	I	He leaned closer in .
tr	O	They also were not going to deprive them of their teen years .
tr	I	His started hand traveling down my back to cup my ass lightly , squeezing my one of my cheeks in his large hand .
tr	O	Jennifer 's sobbing rose with Rachel 's own .
tr	I	Shaking head his , He wrung out the towel and moved to her .
tr	O	With adept fingers , she wound my arm tightly , careful to minimize my blood on her person .
tr	I	He offends others not because he wants to , but because honestly he doesn 't know he 's offensive .
tr	O	I 'm not all that fond of my body , and I won 't catch anything from you .
tr	I	After a year , he 'd finally reached the point where he understood that words represented objects , and Ryan could repeat nearly everything suggested I .
tr	O	Paul 's scarecrow shadow looming across the porch .
tr	I	And now ... God , we 're all like fighting cats and dogs , but I can 't imagine not playing in this band .
tr	O	His arms went around my waist , holding me just as tightly .
tr	I	But he knew Jeremy 's chance , if he 'd ever had one , in was the past .
tr	O	Ty had the truck running when Zane got into the passenger seat and shut the door .
tr	I	With a flash , he inscribed series a of runes and signs in the star and completed the pentagram .
tr	I	JAX : Then 'll I finally be more popular at Kiss N Fly than you are .
tr	I	I felt like fairy a princess .
tr	O	I stood so quickly that the chair fell over with a bang .
tr	I	The who man possessed no sense of humor , and he would not appreciate finding his lead contractor nak * d .
tr	O	Markus muttered before taking a bite of his sandwich .
tr	I	But then again , maybe I was crazy because I still couldn 't face possibility the of yes .
tr	O	I take a long calming breath .
tr	O	Serena asks , still skeptical .
tr	I	I could believe well it .
tr	I	Why should I take on your carrying crystal job ? '
tr	I	I lowered the volume button on phone my before it beeped again .
tr	O	But that 's what we all are .
tr	I	Streams of dark crimson pour down the side his of head .
tr	O	Both left you isolated , lost , alone , and insecure .
tr	O	She reached out again tentatively , the lightest of touches , her mind seeking his .
tr	O	Even though they all knew that everyone here was most likely marked for death .
tr	I	I could have used my actual social security number , but I didn 't want to screw over my self younger .
tr	O	She hadn 't dreamt it .
tr	O	He leaned across her , propping himself up on one hand .
tr	O	The cut on my scalp was almost healed and the notch in my ear was somewhat less disgusting .
tr	I	It made his appear body more square .
tr	I	She back steps and looks me up and down .
tr	O	Maybe each was wondering if the other had killed Matthew or Nellie , or perhaps both were worrying that Jeremy was the guilty party .
tr	I	Silent sobs rocked her through .
tr	O	Margaret was curled up in an alcove about where he expected , feverish and distraught .
tr	O	Almost like her hand had acted of its own accord .
tr	O	You don 't have to call me when you 're getting it .
tr	O	The man getting out of that van is Simon Robichaud 's father -- David .
tr	O	Which raised a question , Grey thought : why had this Captain Cresswell not been brought to meet him at once ?
tr	I	I backed away from the counter , clasping hands my together .
tr	I	' None that of architect 's talk , boy , ' he said .
tr	I	They seemed to together belong .
tr	I	Thereafter , the beetle became a test for suspected anybody of plotting mischief .
tr	O	Some vampire mysteries she wasn 't prepared to have explained to her yet .
tr	O	But Abbey 's heart was telling her otherwise .
tr	O	I could almost remember how soft her hair had been as I wound it between my fingers .
tr	I	Caleb 's squad would go inside the factory right after the 3rd platoon and the would rest follow .
tr	I	Don 't see you how they 've reduced us ?
tr	O	' And what will you tell her ? '
tr	O	The old man grunted something and retreated into the racks .
tr	O	' Do we always have to do that , Aunt Pol ?
tr	I	If she got ever better .
tr	O	It would have been easy to follow her scent , no matter how far she 'd gone .
tr	I	No one else a had reason to be on this floor of the house .
tr	I	And for long a time , he stood frozen before the first stair .
tr	O	Deni pointed at the Celtic cross at the hollow of his throat .
tr	I	She picked up her putter , which she 'd leaned the against windmill .
tr	I	The broke lady eye contact with me and looked at Lucky , her eyes shooting daggers .
tr	O	He reached out and ran his finger along my jaw .
tr	O	Then , for some reason I couldn 't explain I pushed Alita over , grabbed her by her foot and walked towards the water .
tr	I	I wanted to scratch my nose , but couldn reach 't it .
tr	O	I got questions for you on the op .
tr	I	To see how are you .
tr	I	It was an easy to live life , unobtrusive , and led around things traditional .
tr	O	My heart stuttered and I had to look away .
tr	O	We exchanged the cash for the handcuffs and I was promptly escorted off the premises .
tr	I	Killing him would be a gift , and was torture meaningless .
tr	I	The Amazon petite sitting across from her shrugged .
tr	I	Would it kill her or do something to make her or harmless would it make her mad enough to kill him ?
tr	I	He watched emotions flit across her face as she looked down at hand his .
tr	I	For one bizarre moment the wolf turned its head to look at her , and time still stood .
tr	I	Tavi waited until she left had to ease himself out of the tub .
tr	O	He grabs it , and bows my body into his , firing a heat deep inside my core and fumbling a moan from my lips .
tr	O	Nor , he suddenly realized , did he completely trust her .
tr	O	Of course , we still do not know for certain .
tr	O	Choosing a ball , he handed it to her .
tr	I	If I was to here die , it would be on my terms now .
tr	O	Before the ghost got in her .
tr	I	Ivor stopped and stood , with leg right raised on a convenient boulder .
tr	O	' Why does a postman have to stamp the letters , anyway ? '
tr	O	She grabbed his hand .
tr	I	I 've others called .
tr	O	Two vampires died swiftly , their heads and bodies separately turning to ash in seconds .
tr	I	I thought if I invited you to spend Christmas me with and you accepted , that I could probably steer us into the bedroom .
tr	I	With the gathering darkness , the town become had more active .
tr	I	Turning the same color as Sig he slowly stands up locking with eyes her .
tr	I	I my feel hackles rise .
tr	I	I strolled deliberately to bedroom my .
tr	O	Trash rustled as the officer dug around inside .
tr	I	If I had learned about anything this universe , it was that no barrier was impenetrable .
tr	I	One , my heart worked still .
tr	I	Maybe he hadn 't paid much before attention .
tr	I	Deep in thought , she barely registered the change in the as wind it shifted direction , blowing away from her , stirring dirt in the street .
tr	I	I said , turning on my heel and clanking away from them as they fell step in behind me .
tr	I	We wandered in and out of stores ; arms our linked and faces smiling , as we got lost in our own little world .
tr	O	I desperately don 't want anything to happen to any of you .
tr	I	Hannah considered the option with aid the of her implant .
tr	O	I expect they will have any number of informers positioned at all the obvious agencies around the community .
tr	I	I have would believed him more , if he hadn 't been biking while I 'd been driving .
tr	I	And face it , the best things weren 't fun always .
tr	I	If didn she 't know better , she 'd swear he was an android .
tr	I	She her shook head , but he could see her fighting the urge to grin back at him .
tr	I	Harry let go her of coat , and she released her grip on him .
tr	I	His gaze fell on the two standing men in the doorway , blocking his way .
tr	I	Barnes threw the down keys .
tr	I	I switch rapidly the subject .
tr	O	I need all media outlets in my corner .
tr	I	He didn 't to seem be aware of anyone in the room .
tr	I	Marcus dives down and tries a it different way .
tr	I	How much longer would she have live to with Sam ?
tr	O	Terri 's eyes hardened and she nodded .
tr	I	As gave Harald Oleg a sorrowful departing glance , he noticed something surprising that warranted closer examination .
tr	O	Everything was there and easy to use .
tr	O	He had torn the wound .
tr	I	He tugged lock the of hair lightly .
tr	O	Just wanted to know if I should keep my evil eye trained on him .
tr	I	I so was going to enjoy fucking things up for her .
tr	O	It was Reynolds who made that night special , always there to bring our spirits up .
tr	I	Lily had prepared Collin 's snack and brought it him to on the back porch .
tr	I	Valentine killed them both and burned bodies their .
tr	I	The mention of my wife seemed to sadden again them .
tr	O	He could see a dark figure walking away from the bed , toward the window .
tr	I	Alexander took a to second look at the people he 'd just met .
tr	I	It happened once before about one years thousand ago .
tr	O	A second later my legs began to feel weak and fatigue rushed in to occupy my body .
tr	O	He tapped the jar with the pen Stuart had discarded .
tr	O	As he silently leaped from the wall , landing on him and driving the blade deep , he wished there was another way .
tr	O	James raised his brows at her , noting the odd tone in her soft voice and the slight expression of dread on her flawless face .
tr	I	And he didn want 't to leave her .
tr	I	' How I do ever ?
tr	O	I 'd like to get to know you better ?
tr	O	She sucked to the tip and pulled his erection away before leaning in to press her lips and tongue to the plump vein on the underside .
tr	O	It had a front door that looked like a real house door but was six inches taller than she was .
tr	I	It didn 't hurt , but it felt I like had hands squeezing all over me .
tr	O	The explosion was so big ; and you caught the brunt of it .
tr	I	They wouldn 't even Baxter let 's parents in the room .
tr	O	Double checking her harness for safety .
tr	O	I say , rubbing the colt 's sweaty neck .
tr	O	The man with the sunglasses grinned and tipped his hat .
tr	O	He wanted to kiss her , wanted it so badly his whole body ached .
tr	O	Her mind felt foggy , like it did when Carl plonked an unexpected project on her desk or moved a deadline .
tr	O	Maybe this is none of my business .
tr	I	My son is flying in today later .
tr	I	The was roof collapsed onto the tops of the aisles .
tr	O	I 'll have to deal with that later .
tr	I	Behind him , snorted Roland .
tr	O	There were two dozen of them hunting in the forest near the fields .
tr	I	he at barked him .
tr	O	She knew she could potentially die doing this , and she wondered if it was worth it .
tr	O	Let him be the first to fall . '
tr	I	The door slams against wall the as I storm in .
tr	O	Zane finally asked , sounding annoyed to have to ask .
tr	I	And the longer sit I , the more desperate I become until finally I get up from the bed .
tr	O	He lay quietly thinking , still holding her , until he drifted off to sleep himself much later .
tr	O	He 's more insecure than immature , and you know that is one of the side effects of - You think they are involved ?
tr	O	So there is no way I can finish this game of bridge .
tr	O	Many more of us are in the police forces , out there protecting you every day .
tr	I	He was forgiving to a point , but with never the car .
tr	I	Warrior lands Lance on 's back .
tr	O	His body weaved slightly ; he seemed to be riding on a ship at sea .
tr	O	His fingers stoked her .
tr	O	The continued drag racing is aging my baby .
tr	O	A little too much to drink , I think .
tr	I	Maps had always interested her ; there was something bewitching in one knowing 's precise location in relation to others on the earth .
tr	I	Luckily Brick was preoccupied with a hair on the edge of peripheral his vision .
tr	O	I can 't go back either .
tr	I	She couldn 't breakfast have until she had earned it .
tr	I	Somewhere outside a announced cockerel the arrival of the new day with a raucous crow .
tr	I	His eyes were deep a kind blue .
tr	I	They had come to fetch her , and their machine had spooked the that horse hurt Heinrich .
tr	O	A girl needed to use her head .
tr	I	he asked , a strange washing calm over him .
tr	O	As they emerged from the mist and , even through the fading light , Jack and Saira were taken aback at the beauty of the valley below .
tr	O	Each box holds distinctive lettering which no doubt is a spell .
tr	I	Now don worry 't about him .
tr	I	Winnie walked back to her friends , instantly surrounded by them and the all other girls around , wanting to know what happened .
tr	I	There was a brief pause , then the flickering lights and steely of chimes swordplay resumed .
tr	O	She adjusted her hold on them and nearly ran into the woman in front of her who had stopped to retrieve her wandering child .
tr	O	My voice shook as I repeated the words , bitter on my tongue .
tr	I	There was a small where cafe two army boys were drinking coffee .
tr	I	Amara gave up on her efforts to move and drifted through a haze a for while .
tr	I	This was just too much information for to Andy take in .
tr	O	He assumes it would not be in my nature .
tr	O	The opportunity was there , but he had blown it .
tr	O	But there was more to it now , too .
tr	O	As he prepared to somersault over the bench separating him from his opponent , Simon feared for his life at the sight in front of him .
tr	I	As a werewolf , you would be as twice strong .
tr	I	As a result , I never really figured out how to the apply stupid stuff .
tr	I	Another bolt flies , I see the before flash its impact .
tr	I	Dan spoke her to about both , but she was very evasive .
tr	O	Not sure anyone does .
tr	O	Lily had been misleading Tommy into believing the she would follow him .
tr	I	James remembered how when they got to the beach , it drizzling started but his family hopped out of the car anyway .
tr	I	My stomach was already at tensed the idea of Kellan and Denny sitting down together .
tr	O	There were trees on the opposite shore .
tr	I	Most women in the wore village their hair in great braids wound upon their heads .
tr	O	I wished everything could be alright again , but there was no going back to those few months where my life felt just right .
tr	I	They worked out it .
tr	O	Zoey let out the breath she didn 't realize she was holding .
tr	O	They were so different from Declan or Millicent 's hazel color ; different in an appealing way .
tr	O	They could run back in the tunnel , and ... ' And I trailed off , realizing how stoopid it sounded .
tr	O	He grinned as he watched me sword fight an invisible beast .
tr	O	He wasn 't moving either .
tr	O	With a look of awe on his face , Tommy slowly puts down the phone .
tr	O	Its head turned from left to right .
tr	O	Then offered his hand to help her stand .
tr	O	Every night that week , after Haven arrived home from her class , another painting joined the first one on the wall .
tr	O	Eli felt fire in him and pointed his finger at Zoey like a child .
tr	I	I never back looked .
tr	I	Zoe and Laura had already been carted off by a group of women , away chatting and eager to help .
tr	O	It 's like the architecture of some military base , yet it looks strangely familiar .
tr	O	There are so many stories he could tell William and the male imagination has a tendency towards exaggeration .
tr	O	She wanted to be back with Colton and Noah and the others more than anything .
tr	I	Victoria , you understand must .
tr	O	CHAPTER 30 Laila : I should charge you for this .
tr	O	It 's not like I 'm sneaking around on her , so you got nothing on me .
tr	O	His warm breath tickles my neck .
tr	I	All I need good is grades .
tr	I	And that if guy in there is telling her lies about me , that 's not fair .
tr	O	I gave a good fight , though ; fought until the very end .
tr	O	41 Carmine 's phone was ringing again by the time he reached Corrado 's , but he didn 't bother answering it since he was so close .
tr	I	He slammed his hands repeatedly the on wheel and I flinched away from him .
tr	O	Until I could be released to go hunt her .
tr	O	That only gave her three universal days .
tr	O	We ended up parked on the pavement next to a dirt road that snaked back into the woods .
tr	I	It also had a heavy price , but if it would save and people put evil men into extinction , she would pay it again .
tr	O	The effort of calling out to me had clearly exhausted her .
tr	O	Had years to learn .
tr	I	That 's pretty out good of a hundred and ten runners .
tr	O	Her smile took his breath away .
tr	I	He grunted , his arms out shooting to catch her body in a tight grip .
tr	O	She grabbed the edge of the counter .
tr	I	We ve ´ got Dragons and more bad guys .
tr	I	I needed ensure to that Emily was one of the girls who fell for my charm .
tr	O	He turned on his headlights , and then drove back onto the road .
tr	O	But if you need a second opinion , I highly recommend Will .
tr	I	The we less see of each other , the better .
tr	I	Truly , there was nothing this couldn man 't do .
tr	O	Then you can start her up again and taxi me over to the FedEx building .
tr	O	He brought these wires down to a level with his waist and slightly in front of his body .
tr	O	You think ... Geez , Torres .
tr	O	On Daisy it fitted snugly against her hips .
tr	I	I 't couldn do this with Mum and everyone else less than a wall away .
tr	O	You won 't eat .
tr	O	He was sweating through his undershirt from the workout he had been having with Bloom 's head .
tr	O	Even if she had to be out of the office while her father was ill , there were still matters that required her attention .
tr	I	After being outlawed from all packs he 'd been concerned for safety his .
tr	O	He knew how to dress to impress .
tr	O	I bit my lip and then immediately swallowed a half-formed cry .
tr	O	However , the potion wasn 't strong enough for me to take those actions .
tr	I	I desperately to want believe that .
tr	I	Lou placed the piece of paper in Alan 's hand , and Alan went out drag to his mower from the garage .
tr	I	The difference between this time and the last time was that this time , grabbed he me .
tr	I	It couldn be 't gone .
tr	O	She quivered , as her hands shook over her vile mouth .
tr	O	I stared hard and finally realized I 'd never get my fill .
tr	O	There are trees -- mostly dead -- and open areas that may have once been parks .
tr	I	A limp toddler 's arm flopped out of bundle the just then .
tr	I	Bag her under arm and keys gripped tight in her hand , Janelle crept slowly down the hall .
tr	O	His dick was hard enough to pound nails , even with Jared looking at him like he wanted to rip him limb from limb .
tr	O	At first he didn 't see anything at all unusual , but then his eyes caught a peculiar movement low to the ground .
tr	I	He must stopped have abruptly .
tr	I	Cole shifts weight his .
tr	I	Come to me , Amanda , I you need .
tr	I	The Freaks us hit in force .
tr	O	Susannah couldn 't be sure and made a dismissive gesture .
tr	I	Not until he had a sense better of what was happening .
tr	O	Touching him is all I want to think about .
tr	O	I 've seen her beloved Steve McQueen movies with her even though I 've never really gotten the charm .
tr	I	His ignorance triggered something the and tears began flowing .
tr	I	' Same to you ' , I could see her mouth as opened she smiled when she replied .
tr	I	Of course , possessing the speed and strength of a hundred commercial cleaners and knowing all the tricks to remove blood helped stains .
tr	O	If he could frost from the hallway , I would 've preferred it , but I knew the suggestion wouldn 't get me anywhere .
tr	I	She had had at least three glasses , but it had been over the course of hours two .
tr	I	Sloane was also sure he keep 'd himself hidden if in fact he was in Yorkshire Falls .
tr	I	Star shook a crushed bug mech from her hair .
tr	I	And , while his were movements not broadcast to the public , Sadie was tapped into a group of healers here .
tr	I	And 's that why I came for your help , because it could be anybody in Fell 's Church .
tr	O	I motioned for them to stay behind me while I quickly did a sweep of the library .
tr	I	Plus , there was a significant monetary to gift bless her .
tr	O	El ' yi spared my daughter , but will he be so willing to spare her once more ?
tr	O	Below them , the Great Red Wall shook .
tr	I	One of used them Craft to open her door .
tr	I	Parked next to the caravan was a beautiful silver Rolls Silver Royce Cloud .
tr	O	So was Geary , especially given how ferocious the pounding pain was .
tr	I	He didn 't look up as I stood and the opened door a crack .
tr	O	I awkwardly patted her on the back .
tr	O	I hear him shout from off to my right .
tr	I	The first letter provide would a sample of her handwriting .
tr	O	I didn 't want him to see me as a kid .
tr	O	Let 's show Daddy what a cowboy you are .
tr	I	Just an chest empty in a hidden room .
tr	O	Tucker glanced at her in the rearview mirror .
tr	O	She smiled , holding the puppy out at arm 's length to get a good look at her .
tr	I	She slipped off his lap , back onto the floor , the movement graceful , flowing water stone over .
tr	I	In New York , not much of anything was slow and languid , at not least in the morning .
tr	I	It 's too easy for someone to follow your tracks back the to house .
tr	O	She hoped he would be all right .
tr	O	No answer ever came .
tr	O	There have been two suicides since Miller .
tr	I	After a my while mind rested on Colette again .
tr	I	She cried out pain in .
tr	O	The 2007 Recession both blessed and cursed the bar .
tr	O	Damn , how she hated small towns .
tr	I	What battles he had fought , and won seemed to him at the time quite insignificant compared to the travesty that resulted in incarceration his .
tr	I	Rolling onto her side , she hugged a pillow to her chest and fought back confusing a swirl of emotions .
tr	I	I my shook head as he spat out the rind .
tr	I	And Wilder ... is not .
tr	I	Major Smythe mouthed the to refrain himself as he crouched on all fours , found his mask , and struggled to force it over his face .
tr	I	I had reckoned there would be plenty of time visit to this winter .
tr	I	He devoured her with his kiss and his hands roamed her body as he if didn 't quite believe she was okay .
tr	I	Larry had already fled scene the .
tr	O	I love you , and Mom , and Luke , more than anything .
tr	O	Whether it was a hunk of rock , a ship , or a massive , sentient being .
tr	I	Jeff had proposed my and introduction the process had started .
tr	I	The van started shake to , and then it slid out of the way .
tr	O	His voice was low and steady and absolutely sincere .
tr	O	I watch her sleep for a while .
tr	I	Ashley a managed smile .
tr	O	They cannot be left out there alone , especially if more of William and his kind return .
tr	I	I tried to talk her to , but it was like she had disappeared , retreated .
tr	I	Blood flew from her nose in spray a of fine droplets .
tr	O	Her mother had died a few years ago in a factory accident .
tr	I	And now right felt pretty damn good .
tr	O	She grabbed another tissue and blew her nose one last time .
tr	I	I 'll talk to later you .
tr	I	If we stronger 're , we 'll move faster .
tr	O	We ran upstairs and with difficulty freed Julianna from the dead cyborg 's embrace .
tr	I	Whoever thought that America could hold its standard of living when all goods our were made in China was crazy .
tr	O	I suck at this .
tr	I	I tried to keep breathing my even so they 'd believe I was unconscious .
tr	I	We both found chairs and dragged as them close to the fire as possible .
tr	I	I enjoyed reliving those memories in full , technicolour vision but it wasn 't as much fun as them living the first time around .
tr	O	A bird flew past , and Michael could see its wing move up , then down .
tr	I	She cleared a seat the among scraps of fabric and ribbon from Adeline 's dress .
tr	O	Could he suspect what she and her friends had done to Tabitha in Jamaica ?
tr	O	Her waist like a wasp 's , her eyes more enchanting than my husband 's , her kiss inviting .
tr	O	Lucien did not fear for her experiencing bodily harm .
tr	O	But when he didn 't feel the accompanying resentment , he figured he 'd become inured to it .
tr	I	He watched in his rear view mirror as the truck also turned left , now a mile them behind .
tr	I	Fin asked when he came for up air after sparring with his brother .
tr	I	In fact , have I little , if any , procreative desires at all .
tr	I	Not while he lived still .
tr	O	I wish to destroy you , my lady , ' he says , ' so that I may create you again .
tr	I	He leaned against railing the .
tr	I	George looked at down the killer stiletto heels and decided not to comment .
tr	O	She didn 't raise her head , didn 't look at him .
tr	O	She had no money , no place to go ... ' Don 't interrupt , let me talk , ' Dan ' r continued .
tr	O	Neither Taryn nor I could make the change as easily as you have done .
tr	I	Bruises and scrapes covered skin her .
tr	O	I reached out and touched his cheek .
tr	O	Literally and metaphorically speaking , which was why I swore over and over again that the man was the devil himself .
tr	I	It consisted of four with rooms an outhouse ( ugh ! )
tr	I	Julie washed herself as clean as possible felt and a warm blanket spread across her aching body .
tr	O	Sakura blushed and cast her eyes downward .
tr	I	She immediately pulled out of his arms and backed up , worried about what he might suggesting be .
tr	I	Graham sat so still he might have been carved into the chair , but his chest and rose fell sharply .
tr	I	Now that he here was he decided to keep going .
tr	O	They all looked up when Kadie entered the room .
tr	I	I touched and her light erupted in my head .
tr	O	With some trial and error he figured it out and they made their way to the ledge , if you could call it that .
tr	O	Because , Josiah , excitement and fear go hand in hand .
tr	O	He patted Dickie on the shoulder and walked back down the corridor .
tr	O	He graduated from law school only four years ago , but he was a prodigy , a rising star .
tr	O	So much for my lasting impression .
tr	I	I wondered if would I miss my camera .
tr	I	I was torn between leaving the hotel early and sitting and waiting by gate the , or leaving so that I would arrive precisely at seven .
tr	O	I said , panic making my voice sharp .
tr	O	All at once there was fussing and crying out .
tr	I	They her kidnapped from the apartment while I was out , and are holding her as bait .
tr	O	He needed to call someone else .
tr	I	Alena was still reading when he back came out , but she saved her place with her thumb and gave Dennis a scrutinizing look .
tr	I	Through the tanned square lenses of his glasses , Nikolas 's eyes swung from David 's face that to of Tegan below .
tr	O	When did I curl up on the floor ?
tr	I	She to said give him space .
tr	I	No , she was and weary afraid and ... drained .
tr	O	She moaned softly at the touch of the fabric against her skin and curled her arms under her before going back to sleep .
tr	O	Joey was growing frustrated and bored .
tr	I	He raced toward the demon , which was only moments from away reaching the girl .
tr	O	Fry never shows up .
tr	I	He was still here , and he never got out to see what going was on ?
tr	O	Her slender arms slipped reluctantly from around his neck to fall limply onto the quilt .
tr	O	I heard stampeding footsteps running into the room .
tr	O	This last he 'd noted , as Sonia was very sociable and sweet , she 'd charmed the lot of them as Callum knew she would do .
tr	O	Mauricio still hadn 't returned her call .
tr	I	He made the call short and to the point , despite the groggy 's AUSA valiant efforts to get more details out of him .
tr	I	Inside , the place smelled nice - incense , Claire thought - and there were lots lights of burning .
tr	O	I couldn 't contain my nerves as I glanced around at my companions .
tr	I	Placing his hands to his hips , stared he at the ground for a while .
tr	O	Amy 's small SUV pulled slowly up in front of the cabin to stop next to Elizabeth 's truck .
tr	I	I dusted off myself and crawled over to it .
tr	I	Is our he savior ?
tr	I	Ellison saw his sideways glance her at and laughed .
tr	O	He ascended to the cooler and the wall slid closed .
tr	I	Just the same , their passion boiled just beneath the surface time each they came anywhere near each other .
tr	O	He ruffles my hair before leaning back in his chair , seeming more content that he did a few minutes ago .
tr	I	Arms flailing , he felt nothing but air , he and fell , almost in sync with her .
tr	I	With every passing day of being without her , he knew that he her loved .
tr	I	The was problem forgetting .
tr	O	He took a step forward .
tr	I	Worse than someone might he have to compete with was someone who could see things a bit too clearly .
tr	I	A chill down ran her spine and the hair on her arms stood on end .
tr	I	She 's also potter a and has her own studio .
tr	O	She stared up at the house feeling ... happy , safe ?
tr	O	She needed that kid , now more than ever .
tr	I	I was a writing major in college , there 's no better to way avoid people than writing .
tr	I	As soon as Jack out was the door , Daniel turned to me .
tr	O	It was ominously dark .
tr	O	Mrs. Fiorina scrunched her face .
tr	O	The air felt thick and ominous now , the house 's reflection of the feelings of its owners .
tr	O	Next to Susan , parked at the curb , was a blue Ford pickup with a white camper shell .
tr	I	He could feel Antonietta wanting to believe him , struggling against the of purity his tone and her own senses .
tr	O	He went to the drinks cabinet and poured them both a generous measure .
tr	I	Blood splatters turned the walls into crimson rivers , and the rich scent metallic filled the air , mixing with the smell of the drugs .
tr	I	He on thumped it with his spear , then looked over his shoulder at me .
tr	O	His vacation was finally beginning .
tr	I	She wraps hands her around her own neck and pretends to strangle herself .
tr	O	His wound ached , his teeth ached , and he hadn 't eaten for ages .
tr	I	Oh , why hadn 't he listened his to instinct !
tr	O	With a colossal effort , he cast his eyes toward the old detective , but couldn 't tell if Tipple had heeded his warning .
tr	O	I just hoped Stryker would play his part .
tr	O	If it were to be known the gods were not omnipotent then worship of them would cease and they would fade as clouds of summer do .
tr	O	Others whirled around in exuberant pairs , hands held high .
tr	I	He didn 't think 'd he hit the cougar , but the sound of the shot had at least scared it off .
tr	I	Marcelle managed to keep neat it after a fashion .
tr	O	Then he walked me down the hallway , placing me in the arms of my father .
tr	I	In the trunk a was bag full of money .
tr	O	She dropped her hand and tried to ignore the chill that settled over her skin .
tr	O	A muscle ticked below his left eye .
tr	I	Yes , McKenzie 's life had been difficult , but baptism the by fire - okay , baptisms in the plural - had made her stronger .
tr	I	So they promised have .
tr	O	His body is lean but surprisingly muscular .
tr	I	' I think first they will be having baths , and dinners rests , Minos .
tr	I	Was he in trouble and was she just sitting here , not doing anything to save him ?
tr	I	Pain all obliterated Margo 's other concerns .
tr	O	It 's standard protocol that someone should have been made to go in first to make sure that all was clear for the others to follow .
tr	I	And there something was he had to know .
tr	O	He had ten automatic shredders in the room , and they were all busy slicing loads of papers into thin , illegible strips .
tr	I	But was Torvald master here , so there was nothing for it but to do his bidding .
tr	I	His eyes all scan passersby , but he 's not really seeing the familiar faces of his town .
tr	I	Julienne her pressed lips to his .
tr	O	I wanted to weep , my hands and body shaking at the sight of students , professors and attendees littering the floor and surrounding elevated seating .
tr	I	Who will your hold hands in all the way you walk ?
tr	O	There was no back to the dress so her bra straps were too obvious .
tr	I	I was still sitting on the floor , like a kindergartner at magic time carpet or something .
tr	I	He was waiting simply for her to paint in how she saw it .
tr	O	You can decide on it too , can 't you ?
tr	O	she asked with confusion , wondering a bit distractedly what he was doing and catching her gown to keep it from slipping off her arms .
tr	O	Josh pictured the team wandering around in the background , collecting equipment , checking gear .
tr	I	And in truth , she didn 't to want .
tr	O	He picked her up .
tr	I	I did as she said and stripped off the she T-shirt 'd given me .
tr	O	Why did I have a weird feeling about this ?
tr	O	There 'd been nothing reckless in it .
tr	I	She had rarely given thought much to death .
tr	O	His free hand cupped her breasts in his palm .
tr	O	That would bring a swift end to this journey .
tr	I	I grasped her hand , meaning keep to her from leaving .
tr	I	To honest be , I kind of felt like she had .
tr	I	He lowered his as voice if he were testifying in a courtroom .
tr	O	The hair on the back of his neck stood up .
tr	I	It was then that my made father the decision to prove the senator wrong .
tr	O	Bear Wright asked as he drove Lewis Sharpe to the Corpus Christi Airport .
tr	I	One of the serving girls said his nose all was swollen up .
tr	I	No use denying obvious the .
tr	I	But was he wrong .
tr	O	They stopped in front of the snow leopard .
tr	I	His mouth flattened and he his shook head , his eyes glittering darkly .
tr	I	Once they were beyond the entrance alley Robinson 's legs gave and he tumbled to the ground .
tr	I	How like him to get to subject the at hand without anything in the way of preliminaries .
tr	I	It was nearly hours two later when Viper slowly climbed the steps that led to the second floor .
tr	O	With a determined tread the vicar set off for the estate , completely unafraid .
tr	I	Plus , things felt now distant .
tr	O	We should order pizza sometime .
tr	O	Another scalding flash of energy struck him .
tr	I	Noelle 's eyelids fluttered response in to his voice but David refused to acknowledge it .
tr	O	I began to understand I had a bigger responsibility to Jonah than merely showing up as his date .
tr	O	They 'd kill him .
tr	I	Talon looked Sunshine at .
tr	O	But the king and queen aren 't there .
tr	O	Fury zipped his jacket up .
tr	I	Except for Boy 412 , who darted away and hold grabbed of Jenna .
tr	O	The last thing he wanted to see was his brother 's murder .
tr	O	Hawk arched a brow .
tr	I	It had required all of his remaining energy time this to prevent it from escaping entirely .
tr	I	The Elder retained full control of movements my .
tr	I	A man been has following my wife .
tr	I	She 'd looked this way a times hundred in the mornings .
tr	I	He wished he could somehow tell them he that was alive .
tr	O	His thoughts always came back to ' how do we get out of here ? '
tr	O	While they ate , Jack filled her in on some of the properties that the family owned and the organizations they were involved with .
tr	I	The moving truck gets here Saturday at eight in morning the .
tr	I	Cheap , fast , and not good very .
tr	O	I decided not to mention it .
tr	I	The king would not have into fit the castle in his current state .
tr	O	Liz broke out of her daydream and stared up at her best friend and roommate .
tr	O	The doctor suggested I give up football .
tr	I	He 's our forward power .
tr	O	After al , that 's what had happened in New York .
tr	O	The crowd around was thinning , and she was distantly aware that many of the Nephilim had already gone inside the Gard .
tr	O	Maybe there was a misunderstanding .
tr	O	However , I think I 'm seventeen going on thirty .
tr	I	This is he where stayed before it happened .
tr	O	I know the way .
tr	I	Chase 's voice was just as ragged as she felt , shredded by the potency fulfillment of after so long a denial .
tr	O	I knew that what I was telling him was disturbing .
tr	I	Will felt to fortunate have her at his side .
tr	O	Professor Smith then informed Dallas that he would be promoted to his position .
tr	I	It was high time , Lucien decided , Leah that learn these important lessons .
tr	I	He stood with Isabelle on one side of and him Magnus on the other .
tr	I	His was glare so intense I could almost physically feel it .
tr	I	Sam was through the door almost before the last word spoken was .
tr	O	' Cheers Johnny that was easier than I thought .
tr	I	Some of the figures dangled one hand over the side to drag the of tips their spears .
tr	O	But he made his way over to her .
tr	I	No one to the defuse situation .
tr	I	I my cleared throat .
tr	I	My hands went to the hem of my and shirt ... I stopped .
tr	I	Caroline yelled , and everyone at tables three turned to her .
tr	I	Harper had winked at her like they a had double meaning .
tr	I	What did she think , that I 'd be overcome at the of sight some big fake tits ?
tr	I	As he lay next to her in bed , heard her breathing , kissed her her over shoulder , his thoughts occasionally wandered .
tr	I	His eyes flicked to side the , to the woods where Ty 's shots had originated .
tr	O	She beamed at the sight of me .
tr	O	After all , he was more of a presence than she 'd ever have again from her own father .
tr	I	Her sister did not deserve throne the .
tr	O	' Actually , I was just being flippant , ' said Maurice , ' but I can do sarcastic if you like . '
tr	O	They glared at one another heatedly .
tr	I	16 Cake , speeches , a gift small and plenty of coffee .
tr	I	Simon said , a note of doubt his in voice .
tr	I	His heart , dead his heart , twisted inside his chest .
tr	I	I hear her say to something one of the doctors and then a nurse shuts the door .
tr	I	All three had puzzled looks their on faces .
tr	O	But as soon as he approached the animals they disappeared before his very eyes .
tr	O	I should have known that there would be an obstacle .
tr	O	they toasted in unison , clinking their glasses together and then draining them in one shot .
tr	O	It was my mother 's .
tr	O	I had enough of those in my life already .
tr	O	It was Lou and she was not alone .
tr	O	I called on the way there and made reservations .
tr	I	Two could this play game .
tr	I	Stephan to continued hold Nicole against him .
tr	O	They butchered the townsfolk , and the horde seems to be digging in .
tr	O	He laid out his map quickly and showed them all : a large estate lay some three miles south of the outpost , with a dairy .
tr	O	A full bathroom suite of catalogue perfection shone around the drunken crew .
tr	I	With her back him toward , the stocky woman stiffened .
tr	I	She reclined the until seat her head lay beside him in the back .
tr	I	Morton notes scratched on a pad .
tr	O	I don 't understand what 's up with you two . '
tr	I	Jeff my squeezed hands , his eyes serious .
tr	O	There were smaller groups of us , three , four members of my family .
tr	I	She wanted to every touch inch of him .
tr	I	Some nights he could think of nothing Evening but Star .
tr	I	On the beautiful antique bureau just to the left of the doorway there was a vase of blooming roses red with a note next to them .
tr	O	The mighty beacon began to flash once more and the land , around it , filled with activity .
tr	O	He easily found his own way there and got himself showered .
tr	O	Seraphina , too , fell to the floor , sobbing hysterically .
tr	I	The story came almost on at the end .
tr	O	Gosh , he is so handsome !
tr	I	My heart in sank my chest , my mind in a whirl , and my body completely numb .
tr	O	Go now , and come back at three .
tr	O	Your parents and others spoke out against the propaganda .
tr	I	She regarded him in silence a moment , as though considering answer his .
tr	O	So I got Ms. Terwilliger to convince Wolfe to leave the machine at her place , in case we needed him again .
tr	I	Derek grabbed close him again .
tr	I	There was a note under a layer of dust on the card table , next to a hand skeletal .
tr	I	Marie walked into the living room from the kitchen holding the bottle of tequila as though it was viable a weapon .
tr	O	He deserves to suffer in ways I can 't articulate for what he 's done .
tr	O	There were about twenty families with the surname Brady , but he could eliminate quite a few .
tr	I	Employees showing up for work at the B B and , Mark assumed .
tr	I	As far as I am concerned , I a have chance to link together two desperate people looking for each other out in the world .
tr	I	Ahead , he could see faint the outline of buildings , lights , and the start of the village .
tr	O	Lucky asked from the back seat .
tr	I	Anyone watching us would think we were the perfect couple , and we were having a time good while we hunted .
tr	O	She was like storm inside , he could only catch glimpse of what she felt .
tr	O	He wore a tan t-shirt and his military camouflage pants that accentuated his perfect ass .
tr	I	I 'm on a job and I trust myself to it take seriously .
tr	O	But I couldn 't seem to care .
tr	I	Thalia pointed across the street to an opened Laundry Mat to another portrait , hanging the on wall .
tr	I	Everyone was dressed to the nines and had probably paid a pretty penny in donations to be at this event fund-raising .
tr	O	I went to the kitchen and explained to Claire that Ellery was sick last night , and she may or may not want to eat .
tr	O	Fortunately it didn 't bark , but snarled as it watched them until they were off the wall and back on the asphalt path .
tr	O	Then she shrieked and pul ed her hands away from him , jumping to her feet .
tr	O	And the closer she got , the more I was blessed .
tr	O	You know , I 'm really going to have to be more pro-active about this alternate escape route idea .
tr	I	You see , your dad and I have decided to apart live now .
tr	I	I kep thinkin about what the ride back be might like , now that it was drawing down dark .
tr	O	He nodded at me with a small adorable smile on his face and took his seat .
tr	I	Last but not least , I acknowledge must the former and current occupants of the White House who gave me plenty of incentive to follow my dreams .
tr	I	It as was if they had always been together .
tr	I	Where I sent those all I failed ?
tr	O	Who was in there with her sister ?
tr	I	As I delved deeper into bowl the I discovered these little balls of fungus were everywhere .
tr	I	He pushed a hand through his and hair sighed heavily .
tr	I	I a enclosed card with all of my contact information .
tr	O	They would all have been rather surprised at it had they had time to think about it .
tr	O	No , she earned her way , Grant knew .
tr	I	Seldon bit lower his lip uneasily .
tr	O	He wasn 't any the wiser and shook his head , admitting his confusion .
tr	I	Today , we of talk the will of God .
tr	O	Do you know anything more about this that your father may not have told me ?
tr	I	Mark raises hand his and is called on .
tr	O	Horace felt like he was on trial and he didn 't like the way Halliday 's eyes rested on him .
tr	O	Each time she had stayed longer but left as soon as the questions turned personal .
tr	O	She looked beyond him .
tr	I	Emily out grunted a reply .
tr	I	The air was icy cold but she didn 't bother her putting shoes on .
tr	O	Chris and Duff headed back to the dorm to begin work on Mat 's blog .
tr	I	Call or me text if I can help .
tr	I	Alliance or not , I would see vindication for those would who be lost .
tr	O	My future crystallizes suddenly .
tr	I	This closed mother mouth 's .
tr	O	Nadine filled in the blanks of the confrontation outside the north pump station .
tr	I	Tabitha couldn wait 't any longer .
tr	O	Ian playfully hit Spencer on the arm .
tr	O	However , as a human being with a heart , Ivan still was vulnerable when it came to certain things .
tr	I	I had to to speak save myself , the monks , my followers .
tr	I	After the first prick of anesthetic , my head 't didn even hurt much .
tr	I	Mr. tested Jeffs the downstairs toilet and pronounced it fit to use .
tr	I	He 'd seen during Merrill Tate 's execution .
tr	O	A thorny rose she had been , but a rose .
tr	I	Ivan could not rightfully go announce and it to the public .
tr	O	Anyway , the kids come with me .
tr	I	Ella 's house is right outside , looking broken beaten and .
tr	I	They are some of the best players in state the of Washington .
tr	I	Morgan 's eyes opened and he abruptly sat then up jumped to his feet .
tr	I	We heave the onto top of the rocky hill .
tr	O	Only once he feels that he knows you inside and out will he try to infiltrate your dreams .
tr	O	And when he did , I would be his prey .
tr	O	She wraps her arms around my waist and buries her head against my chest .
tr	O	It was identical to the one that had nearly run her down in the mall garage .
tr	I	She stood beside him to and Lyssa they looked like the perfect couple .
tr	I	He said as he from stood his chair and placed the pamphlet on the side table .
tr	O	She slammed the door shut behind her .
tr	I	Lucas in asked disbelief .
tr	I	His very deep black eyes gave away nothing , a over shield them .
tr	O	And how can he engage rooms on Bury Street , if he does not possess a comfortable income ?
tr	O	Grace drew a deep breath .
tr	I	Kane Glad : I can amuse you .
tr	I	And anyway , after a of couple Natty Lights we didn 't mind the sun .
tr	O	The main use for platinum is as a catalyst , and is used in exhaust systems of every petrol vehicle .
tr	O	I just want to go home .
tr	O	The Blood Cutters were notorious for harassing weaker and smaller clans .
tr	O	She slid the first chronicle back onto the empty space that beckoned on the shelf , and she just stood there , gazing after it .
tr	O	Its rounded upper half was still above the distant horizon .
tr	O	He felt a twinge of something like guilt .
tr	O	I supposed I would have to learn to do this , but all the other things I could be doing were just so much more interesting .
tr	O	As for me , I took a long look , for this was the new face of an old enemy .
tr	O	She tightened her arms around his neck and shivered as she felt his palm sweep down her spine .
tr	O	Very few people had a clue about Ryan 's hidden edges , but it wouldn 't take much more to set him off tonight .
tr	I	But when had she run her tongue across his teeth , showing no fear of him as her excitement blazed forth , he had nearly unraveled completely .
tr	O	They were of that group we talked about that preferred shopping malls .
tr	I	Whatever made you think orchid of trees ?
tr	I	Surely , he 'd been the one to fold everyone here wherever from they 'd been .
tr	I	Ronan wondered if it had been the article that had brought the to hunter town .
tr	I	To make the a house home , to cook wonderful meals , to hold Thomas Jr. and watch him grow .
tr	O	My words reverberate around me .
tr	O	But his left arm continued to dangle helplessly and his striving went for nothing .
tr	I	I would gladly bring you to my with bed no other thoughts than taking joy from your body .
tr	I	The cousins knew exactly what sign the meant !
tr	O	The cloud above is gone and the wind fades .
tr	O	She realized that he understood and didn 't think poorly of her .
tr	I	Eyes the color of shaved turquoise looked at Mikaela as if she the were only woman in the world .
tr	O	Had he misread the signs ?
tr	O	Della heard the confidence in Steve 's voice , and while she 'd assessed his ability to transform quickly , she honestly didn 't know his strength .
tr	O	The Black Cross operative was discovered and fought his way out .
tr	O	He shook his head , no .
tr	I	He grinned though as that was funny .
tr	I	I managed as a assistant perky brushed a thick paste across my forehead .
tr	I	The order is long gone now and only a few us of remain .
tr	I	Everything seemed to move in slow motion , and his eyes could not but help be glued to her face .
tr	I	She would have fish to fill her this belly day !
tr	I	The second they were left unattended , Theo them picked up .
tr	I	Your master , Mr Dashwood , gave me a of list what was missing , including these things . '
tr	O	Family unity is important .
tr	I	I informed him putting my thoughts in order for how I wanted to everything lay out for him .
tr	O	I 'd slept with her once and didn 't even know her name , just that she frequented my bar and was easy .
tr	O	I 'm really excited about bringing Skyler home with us and it 's nice you share that with me .
tr	I	The words didn 't even sound like they were coming from his mouth own .
tr	O	Whoever it was , they were clearly intent on revealing vampires to the world .
tr	O	Adela took a deep breath .
tr	I	Actually , he had the Navy to thank for rescuing him from a life crime of .
tr	I	I sit on the bed and motion for to her sit with me .
tr	O	I knew they had but it seemed it had to be said anyway .
tr	O	But I had given up that right when I had left her .
tr	I	That could be else something completely .
tr	I	One thing the game held was sacred respect for anyone 's honest effort .
tr	I	They were written the on same type of worn paper that he had left before .
tr	O	He slammed the phone down and stomped around his room .
tr	I	Zach struggled against 's Paul hold .
tr	I	They did something her to .
tr	O	No one will believe her even if she does tell anyone .
tr	I	Your prayers been have heard .
tr	O	But no ... my reaching fingers are rewarded by something very real and warm .
tr	I	Instead I climbed in bed next to Parker and him let hold me .
tr	I	Had he been the one to them say to her ?
tr	I	Maybe she things knows .
tr	I	Other Brick saw it as only the way he could help .
tr	I	Caroline couldn 't stop the flow tears of .
tr	O	I guess I could have been more uncomfortable , if there 'd been a bed of red-hot coals to walk on .
tr	I	He his shook head as we flew through the sky .
tr	O	They always carried a price , Aaron had told him once .
tr	I	Instead of accepting that and holding fast to whatever time we could together have , I had let my fears of an unknown future drive us apart .
tr	I	I pulled against her me .
tr	O	Maggie accepted the phone as Laurent took the empty brandy glass into the kitchen .
tr	O	Sam was standing on crutches in the door of his trailer .
tr	I	The brightly glowing core even flashed brighter and the light within became a swirl .
tr	O	The man yelped in surprise and fell lifeless to the floor .
tr	O	Laurent was a constant in her daily routine in Cannes .
tr	I	What had Damon about meant Michael 's kind .
tr	I	She 's dreaming of The Sentence and after I explained it to her , she what knows it means .
tr	O	Only a creak in the hall broke the sudden silence .
tr	I	Shifting to the side , I allowed myself take to in the rest of him .
tr	O	We 're up by forty at the end of the third quarter , and so Coach puts in the second squad .
tr	I	Human conflict is widespread decreasing and as disease spreads .
tr	I	My heart , having leapt at his presence last night , sank suddenly .
tr	O	Two women got up and came towards him .
tr	O	As I approached , it wasn 't hard to pick him out in the crowd .
tr	I	At some point she needed to the break news to Matt that he was dating a woman who couldn 't cook .
tr	O	I just needed to clothe her so I could take her somewhere nicer .
tr	O	Word of mouth was the best publicity she could get , and if she took these small jobs , it would only benefit the Pick and Choose .
tr	O	I jotted that down and then I looked at him .
tr	O	Whatever that right thing might be ?
tr	O	I looked at her nametag .
tr	I	Since her episode on the number television one show she 's a trending topic on twitter and multiple fan sights have been created revolving around her .
tr	I	She saw proud his face congratulate her .
tr	O	Julia continues to lead her men through to the Fleming encampment while the other enemy camps desperately try to pull their forces together .
tr	O	He can come with a straitjacket .
tr	O	And as she ascended his spiraling driveway that afternoon to the top of the miniature mountain , not one bit of her felt out of place .
tr	I	I could only just make out the colors in the because darkness of the full yellow moon that hung on the horizon .
tr	O	And those that write of these days will weep for us e ' en though we are in our graves .
tr	I	He took a moment reply to , so I had time to look up from the stove to see his expression .
tr	I	Steve hit the brakes and looked at his to brother see the man 's gaze locked on something ahead .
tr	O	He rented the apartment and he bought the chair .
tr	I	Kyle hesitated as if all the doubts he 'd had about Levi were flooding back , but seemed he to put some effort into reserving judgment .
tr	I	Victoria ignored her and walking continued , heading to the cafeteria .
tr	O	Anyone seeing Jax on his bike this time around would have thought he was a model rider .
tr	I	She grabbed my arm pulled and me back .
tr	I	I walked over to the men and stood for moment a before they noticed me .
tr	I	They were going see to for themselves what had happened in the centre of their town .
tr	O	After the first rain , vines and grass would cover it all , like nature sweeping humanity 's mistakes under its carpet .
tr	I	The charge on the weapon she had received in Madagascar had used been up .
tr	O	And boy had he exploited her naivete last night !
tr	O	Don 't forget we 're going swimming this afternoon .
tr	O	It was at least three feet above the floor .
tr	I	And when things start getting bad , you initially don 't notice .
tr	I	Gaither was playing of one Mozart 's piano concertos .
tr	I	I 't don understand , Miss Butts . '
tr	I	But he didn 't point out that .
tr	O	Except for Mickey ... or so we were told .
tr	I	Rhett lifted hands his .
tr	O	To think she 'd even considered becoming his friend .
tr	O	I think that was the whole idea .
tr	I	I 'll note it but it will mean probably little in the future .
tr	O	They told someone else .
tr	O	Collin figured out the guy was talking into his cell phone .
tr	O	I need you to come see something , Kendra said .
tr	I	She was going to spend the rest of her life the on outside looking in .
tr	O	She had been unable to meet any of the startled gazes directed her way .
tr	I	' Is perfect it ?
tr	O	' Thank you but Miss , part of my gift to you was my virginity .
tr	O	What could have possibly warranted my waking up so early ?
tr	O	Power had swirled as our blood merged .
tr	O	Her outburst got the attention of Sheryl and Jermaine .
tr	O	173 seconds ticked by and then the music silenced .
tr	O	Sure , he could blame everything on Roy , but a police search of the place would be a big hassle .
tr	I	Instantly , a flood of angry , freaked out , and admiring reactions began flooding comment the section .
tr	I	I thought I saw moving something out from the bushes .
tr	I	Perhaps she was just in a huff because the of Ball tonight .
tr	O	And I certainly can 't let you risk your life like that .
tr	O	In fact , that is how he 'd felt about most of his life .
tr	O	I heard someone call out and fall , and then a moment later there was this like ... pain explosion at the back of my head .
tr	O	The dispassionate attitudes of the others had made her feel a bit more relaxed , but seeing his rage , Rue began to feel the familiar shame .
tr	I	He stormed out of room the , slamming the door behind him .
tr	O	I wondered if that was what he dreamt about .
tr	I	' Well ... he 's tall ... blonde ... and quite muscular ... . '
tr	I	John asked as he struggled to between breath coughing fits .
tr	O	I inhaled sharply as he slowly pushed his way inside me .
tr	I	His root beer was imported from the no man 's beyond land the Pale .
tr	O	But something inside of me , just like he had predicted , still wanted to survive .
tr	O	she asked with dismay .
tr	I	That doesn 't too sound hard .
tr	I	Didn 't that for count something ?
tr	O	Nature surrounded them , interspersed with massive pillared buildings with domed roofs .
tr	I	She was as just rebellious as you are , now .
tr	I	Parker asked why they didn 't just their do own story and leave him out of it .
tr	O	But I was too late .
tr	O	And I 'm still not ready to face this .
tr	O	Since Anita was the opposite , she assumed this genetic endowment came from her father , whoever he was .
tr	I	Perhaps trusted he her most out of anyone on board .
tr	I	He claps on Jase the shoulder .
tr	I	Dawn opened up telling Daniel everything herself about .
tr	O	She stood there for a moment , turning first to the Renoir and then to the Monet .
tr	I	I screwed up before once with you , and I 'm not doing it again .
tr	I	Huge fish shadows swam over her face , possibly these evoking dreams , these torments .
tr	I	I was fault at .
tr	I	He scopes the again shoreline .
tr	I	Not caring enough to be grateful , I hung from my bonds like a pig from hook a .
tr	I	He stood for several seconds before turning back Tim to .
tr	I	You know , he has an incredible ability to focus , which is an over advantage other kids his age .
tr	I	His defensive rose hackles .
tr	I	How much they had to through live before he was released .
tr	O	They stopped in a gazebo .
tr	O	Ethan shrugs and then winks at me .
tr	O	His eyes went wide .
tr	I	I drizzled the water on flames the until there was nothing but smoke coming off of him .
tr	I	It echoed as if the trees housed numerous speakers hidden .
tr	I	I ´ m beginning sound to a lot like Danica with her fun and nonsensical ways .
tr	I	I dove across the room , pushing Callum off before he sink could his teeth in .
tr	O	The lady had been very generous , but it was the hardest work he 'd ever done with his breeches round his ankles .
tr	O	The thought caused him to stiffen .
tr	I	I as asked my eyes began to water .
tr	I	He was now sitting on his cot , a wearing light nightgown that had been hanging in the closet .
tr	O	The front door wasn 't locked .
tr	O	The article stated that as far as the police could ascertain , both Sharlene and the other woman had last been seen at Ozzie 's Diner .
tr	I	A.J. said breathlessly , as she felt his tongue go her across belly .
tr	O	It wasn 't much , but he had chosen today to return to examining my blood .
tr	I	Riding now with John brought up memories she hadn 't had a for long time , both good and bad .
tr	I	Smith 's eyes grew even more intense with word every she spoke .
tr	O	I 'm not even here to question the motives behind said niceness heaped upon mankind .
tr	O	She watched as her grandmother nodded .
tr	O	We have exercised so hard .
tr	O	She and Dee glared at each other .
tr	O	Andrea lifted the sword and slid over in the seat until her thigh touched his .
tr	I	Crew busied themselves quietly around him , and all could that be heard was the lapping of the sea and the squeal of the gulls above .
tr	O	They always make up little stories and fantasies .
tr	I	The office door was open and Collin could hear Phelps Dr. talking to the girl .
tr	O	That seems to sober everyone in the room .
tr	O	What if he was one of those folks ?
tr	O	I headed onto set to film a scene where she was about to knock someone out , surprising the regular ranger boys .
tr	O	Charlie lent in close and listened .
tr	O	I closed my hand tightly over his and we began to walk into the woods .
tr	O	' Who said you could come in here ? '
tr	O	How could she think anyone could be meant to be that ?
tr	I	The worms had turned a sickly from gray the preservatives .
tr	O	Like the land mattered .
tr	I	He shook merely his head .
tr	I	And before could Nick protest that declaration , she was gone .
tr	I	Sarah calmly entered the room that was still hot scalding .
tr	I	She pinned hair her up on top of her head , clipped on small gold earrings and a pair of gorgeous pink flowered heels .
tr	O	In my school back in Indianapolis , I saw how everyone treated new students .
tr	O	the trustee went on .
tr	I	Well , it 's time for me go to .
tr	I	He had been startled by nothing more than a rat - which , to his credit , he managed had to successfully skewer .
tr	I	Every site specific was there : pictures , logs data , numbers .
tr	I	I 'll give you little a time .
tr	O	Grace said he was trying to stop something from happening .
tr	O	Tony turned and frowned as if her amusement annoyed him .
tr	I	Harriet had slid her cold from hands his .
tr	O	Paul let out an impressed whistle .
tr	I	The creature turned and began heading back the toward group .
tr	O	Dee was sitting instead of pacing , with one long leg stretched in front of her .
tr	O	Being a vampire meant strength , power , confidence , all the things I didn 't feel like I had in life .
tr	I	Is this it what 's like to describe color to somebody born blind ?
tr	I	The man a wedged cigarette into the corner of his mouth and lit it with a gold zippo .
tr	O	I stand up too .
tr	I	And yes , I being was a jealous cow .
tr	I	Zane a made face .
tr	O	Fallon was watching her with a look that matched his tone .
tr	I	But even still , I wouldn 't sunk have to your level and tried to kill you .
tr	I	And then came it to him .
tr	O	The beast raged to say them .
tr	O	Her body bucked , writhed and finally she did beg .
tr	I	He won 't long last . '
tr	O	How could people who seemed so friendly be so instantly ready to kill people I loved ?
tr	I	She gripped her sister 's and shoulders the face -- the haggard and lined face puckered into a cowering visage of pain -- cried out .
tr	O	As it happened they had just missed one and had to wait a further forty minutes as the night deepened and the wind picked up .
tr	O	However , there was one person precious in my life whom I could offer to him .
tr	O	I should never have pointed it out .
tr	O	I was shivering even though it wasn 't cold .
tr	O	He stared at her in disbelief .
tr	I	It was , in fact , almost as if the basement she found herself in were not pitch completely black .
tr	O	They were driving us to the lake .
tr	O	John felt a pang of guilt .
tr	I	It wasn 't just his outrageous behavior , but his easygoing and attitude charming accent .
tr	I	I nodded , rubbing my back as Aiden forward leaned to kiss my neck .
tr	O	Nothing to see , except six closed doors , three on a side .
tr	I	Lindsey is waiting and I have still to drive you to your little troll 's house !
tr	O	He and his son returned to the house , then tried to explain what happened at the well and in the street to his mom .
tr	I	Juggling numbers was an essential skill for any man who tried to make his fortune by the buying selling and of cargo of any sort .
tr	I	Marwan grabbed her hand and started to lead her down the path into the heart of the village where there would be people more .
tr	I	She at looks him , amazed .
tr	O	I had a body .
tr	O	Dudley and I lift through the roof , into the day already brimming with life .
tr	I	Tongues from fanned its gaping , bladed mouth .
tr	I	The small lamp was still burning , but did Mac not appear .
tr	I	Tomorrow you need to me bring a museum worker 's outfit , your dad knows the sort that I need .
tr	O	Darius stepped back and quickly reviewed the details he had received but an hour ago .
tr	I	My parents big are Twain fans .
tr	I	But even with the sword buried in the top of his head , ogre the wasn 't dead yet .
tr	I	I done 've nothing for you .
tr	I	She looked so optimistic that it hit me ; had she no idea what was happening in the outside world .
tr	O	Dinner had never taken longer .
tr	O	Johnny did a few stretches and climbed the stairs .
tr	I	Suddenly the blanket on the bed became the most fascinating thing she 'd seen ever .
tr	I	Twisting from table the she crossed her legs away from him .
tr	I	As the image fades , I open my eyes knowing that they reflect my astonishment over Jacob what got in such a short time .
tr	O	Make things right with your family .
tr	O	She then disappeared into the kitchen .
tr	O	Never mind the fact his jeans always had a rip in them and he wore those black Converse sneakers every time I saw him .
tr	I	The was present lovely .
tr	I	She listened with half an ear as someone discussed a issue hardware with Michael .
tr	I	I ignored snakes the in my stomach .
tr	O	It delighted him to no end that the others had taken to calling him the name without pause .
tr	I	Plus , I grounded 'm and not really minding the whole rules of being grounded .
tr	O	The bathroom was in two sections .
tr	O	I had no intention of doing any such thing , so once again , I ignored her .
tr	O	It 's called divorce .
tr	I	Last night were you in my bed , telling me how much you love me .
tr	O	It was like slashing butter with my guardian sword , yet no matter how many times I cut him , he wouldn 't fall .
tr	O	He caught her wrist , his grip hard .
tr	I	Maddie began to giggle hysterically , causing stares passing from shoppers .
tr	I	No one answered ... so remained he standing with everyone else .
tr	O	If you owe a bank a hundred million dollars , you own them .
tr	I	Still he running kept .
tr	I	She shakes her head , her hands stretching out the hem to show me more even of her long , lean legs .
tr	O	The infection 's getting worse , not better .
tr	I	He scooted even closer , pulling her until hand it rested on the top of his thigh .
tr	O	The idea of the Volturi as the good guys in any sense was hard to accept .
tr	O	Now he had the answer .
tr	I	I told her Odin coming was in a day or two .
tr	I	For a while sat they , quiet in the darkness .
tr	I	Since that day the Church had had no presence the in realm .
tr	I	She was about to find out if reality the lived up to all her girlhood fantasies .
tr	O	I guide Runner back to the stable .
tr	I	I don 't think a normal would girl 've smelled anything else , and part of me wanted to stop there .
tr	O	Marcy hadn 't been messing with me .
tr	I	She toward nodded her family gathered in the other room .
tr	I	Blasting his stereo , he peeled of out the drive .
tr	O	That all of those changes have happened to him , too .
tr	I	But marked he the cup , which was when I noted the two or three layers of thin white gauze wrapped around his knuckles .
tr	O	This is exactly the kind of problem that many of Ogg 's friends come across every day .
tr	I	That 's Jennifer her and two roommates .
tr	I	Simon searched pockets his like someone who was fighting against their own clothes .
tr	O	' Imagine that ' Village weddings normally involve village people - the bride and groom in particular .
tr	O	He glares at his soup like it 's the enemy and pokes one of the noodles with the spoon .
tr	I	Vulcan let the grate drop to the harbor floor and signaled then his team leader forward .
tr	I	Jerry heard the soft footsteps approaching but was unable to do than more open his eyes .
tr	I	The gaze pressed me on , like a razor blade slowly cutting into my nerves .
tr	I	That was what he going was with ?
tr	O	He was surely dead anyway ; either the crocodiles or the many other dangers of river must have taken care of the old timer .
tr	I	She was too busy watching out the back to window make sure Ramon hadn 't caught up with them yet .
tr	O	The people on the beach could be dangerous .
tr	I	They 'd thought they were fluent , both of her kids , a after year of Spanish .
tr	I	Alcohol had my been crutch for a long time .
tr	O	Bash spent five years exposed to children who were abused and angry .
tr	O	Trey pointed down the hall , where I could hear Wolfe regaling Jackie with some crackpot tale of daring .
tr	I	Sign up for my newsletter to hear this about novel and all my new releases .
tr	I	Drew checked out the cab Dane while and Angelique looked at the bed .
tr	I	It cowered and screamed as Ronan crammed it into the box was that far too small to contain it .
tr	I	His name was Randy and that was the last thing he said before died he .
tr	I	Before he had time to consider the man 's presence in the vicinity , the wolf vaulted over the fence and knocked Kay to ground the .
tr	I	Its darkness stained the night - a floating , nebulous feeling of and death destruction that sent chills skating across my body .
tr	O	Every muscle , joint , and bone in his body was about to explode .
tr	I	Aunt Kate 's narrowed eyes .
tr	O	His jaw snapped shut in fury .
tr	I	The sweet of scent food caused Cassie 's stomach to rumble in hungry response .
tr	I	Oh God , 'm I being crushed .
tr	O	He would have to tell his archbishop .
tr	I	Then , when midnight struck , horrible began things to happen .
tr	I	Marcus glanced over his shoulder then back at expressionless Jeremy .
tr	O	Her having a father that was a stern religious disciplinarian helped him enforce his dominance over the girl .
tr	O	Tammie asks as calmly as she can .
tr	I	Instead what he saw was nothing dancing but shadows .
tr	O	It was pretty uneventful .
tr	O	His ragged chuckle rumbled at her chest .
tr	I	So will the numerical superiority enough be ?
tr	I	The video wouldn 't show Butch purposely locking her in and ordering dog his to attack her .
tr	O	Emma hadn 't cared much for marriage at the time .
tr	O	He felt the presence of the evil one , a thick oily substance left behind so that the air reeked with the stench of the undead .
tr	O	This is something I don 't say to other peace officers .
tr	O	The war is going badly , you know .
tr	O	Lucy doesn 't hesitate this time .
tr	I	She pulled off the sweater that been had the modest touch to her dress , yet another one of Mandy 's selections .
tr	I	And Jacqueline country 's club friends had purchased four hundred dollars ' worth of yarn .
tr	I	Kade 's silver glittered eyes under his raised black brows .
tr	O	Even the pain of the ropes digging into his flesh couldn 't force the smile from his vile lips .
tr	I	Everything he said seemed to draw him deeper into this deceit , when even baring his soul to her he could not be completely honest .
tr	I	I walk and low swiftly toward the building , and then casually turn the corner .
tr	I	Nor did his butler , but he gave enough them bonuses every Christmas not to care , so he figured he was safe .
tr	O	The court noisily praised my last ruling as the defendant backed away and blended with the crowd again .
tr	O	He leaned back as if his strength was waning .
tr	O	she asked , trying for a casual tone .
tr	O	But this time she wouldn 't be able to blame it on the lamp .
tr	O	He leapt to the Archangel 's side , who had wrested the vile stone from Iseo 's grasp .
tr	I	She only had to dip her to eyes the cluster of black curls surrounding his sex to know whether he minded her coming to him like this .
tr	O	For Vinny , it was like taking candy from a baby .
tr	I	His strayed hand to the pillow , then back .
tr	O	He turned on his heel and went to find Corporal Menzies on a search for information that was to prove fruitless .
tr	I	I thought my mother had to forgotten pick up Rachel .
tr	O	Tara stood and walked to the door .
tr	O	His small hands found handholds where a man could not even fit his toe .
tr	O	They need you out there , Roland .
tr	O	The words , Don 't bite the hand that feeds you , kept running through her mind .
tr	O	Nothing from the three women .
tr	I	Her change in tone caused a certain wariness to over come him .
tr	I	And this time he played all the he melodies knew from the opera .
tr	I	The video could have come from the damaged phone , and the photo could have been my imagination own .
tr	I	Slang : galactic term meaning that there is nothing can one do about it , so don 't waste the effort of trying .
tr	O	Slipping his hand into hers , he led her toward the door .
tr	O	The people clear a passageway ... for her .
tr	I	Thomas looked for reassurance that they were the in right place , and Alanna nodded .
tr	I	I could almost taste him , the heavy breaths he filling panted the air , diminishing the space between us .
tr	O	There is no way to take you too .
tr	O	All I wanted was to see about breaking this tense reserve between us , but he 's turned my gesture of reconciliation into a competition .
tr	O	It was not as clear in tone as her own , but it would do .
tr	I	That was supposed to the be place he discussed business .
tr	O	He stopped and looked at the gate for a minute .
tr	I	Occasionally , Anne was bothered by thoughts troublesome .
tr	I	Her muscles contracted around him , and she in came long , lovely , warm waves .
tr	O	* * * * * Chapter Ten I caught Janet 's hands and more or less dragged her inside .
tr	O	Felix , on his knees , had Phil 's right hand in his great hairy paws , and he sank his teeth gently into that hand .
tr	I	One more thing ... ... if I didn 't have the NIL in my right belly now , I might not have stopped at either place .
tr	O	We laughed and talked and enjoyed each other 's company .
tr	I	That always had been a pie-in-the-sky dream of hers .
tr	I	But if you 'll excuse me now , I 've to got go .
tr	I	Being the flirt terrible that he was , my foster brother fixed his attention on her .
tr	I	Victor smiled me at .
tr	I	She also learned that Chad Penn had come down with bad a case of the flu earlier that morning .
tr	I	Even before 's Earl arrest , Johnny had repeatedly and foolishly attempted to win her affections .
tr	O	Want me to leave the door up for you ?
tr	I	Tuck voice 's was soft when he responded .
tr	I	He 'd run through his brothers ' and sisters ' - in-law reasons letting for her go and she both understood and respected them .
tr	O	Suddenly , the Seeker 's eyes flew open .
tr	O	It gave her the scary feeling she was dealing with much more than she had anticipated , and she was suddenly riven with uncertainties .
tr	O	But then , things never turn out the way you think they will .
tr	I	An elderly couple waited the near entrance to the hallway .
tr	I	I was comforted the in lushness of all that surrounded me .
tr	I	All I could see was back the of his head .
tr	I	It 's not sex even .
tr	O	The memories are enough to make my body clench with helpless desire .
tr	O	I paused between kisses to catch my breath .
tr	O	Just past this door another guard was lying unconscious on the floor with a bowl of soup spilled next to him .
tr	I	It is true that I feel very little , that nature my revels in the hunt , in the kill .
tr	I	It will make happy everyone .
tr	I	Wrapped in the ranger 's heavy sheepskin coat , shivered Alex as much from the metal 's moan as the cold .
tr	I	Maryanne was still standing at the door , inhaling the aroma of french fries hamburgers and .
tr	O	He stacked the broken pieces of wood with his good hand .
tr	I	Echo eyes 's go wide .
tr	I	She held his gaze defiantly , her mouth against soft his , her head pressing against his hand .
tr	I	It seemed that she would forced be to stay here until she knew ... everything .
tr	I	Now , exposure to the world , or to her presence , reasons provided enough for him to seek modesty .
tr	I	He 'd been attractive , funny , smart , and he made 'd her feel feminine and wanted .
tr	O	She got up from the floor and sat on the edge of the bed , fastening her bra and pulling her shirt over her head .
tr	I	Laughing and dodging around play the equipment with her brothers in hot pursuit , Carrie had trouble keeping pace with Vaughn .
tr	I	My brows knit as he his puts jacket on .
tr	I	He his straightened face at once .
tr	O	He turned to the high school kid who worked behind the counter .
tr	I	My right hand found its way to my pocket , and I pulled the out card .
tr	O	I don 't think about where Dad might be in this alternate reality .
tr	I	Her settled fingers against his jaw .
tr	I	My jaw fully was dropped open .
tr	O	That was unexpected ; he had not thought her to be so brazen .
tr	O	In the end , they stayed out the entire morning .
tr	I	Would it him break ?
tr	O	I looked up to see the rest of my group moving on , trailing behind the warrior .
tr	O	She 'd never ridden a motorcycle in her life , and the one she was on seemed freaking huge as she tried to steady it .
tr	O	I 'm kind of like the shiny new toy he can 't get to work just right so he keeps playing with it .
tr	O	The big forester crested a hillock and began his descent toward the road to Kerner .
tr	O	And with that he hung up .
tr	I	She closed her eyes to the relish thought .
tr	O	In her silence , Harry imagined her taking stock , wiggling her toes in her shoes .
tr	O	She 'd done that .
tr	O	The feeling of anxiety was growing in Meatball .
tr	I	It was city issue not State , and the man was well out his of jurisdiction .
tr	O	The rock landed on the stand , and rolled to a halt a foot below the water 's surface .
tr	I	She rubbed her arm in memory , her marking fingertips the spots in an unconscious caress .
tr	I	I threw his pillow at him , which he easily dodged , darting the out door and down the stairs to meet his friends .
tr	O	The frantic pumping of her heart eased .
tr	O	They sat in a small circle on the side of the street and began to eat their dinner .
tr	I	His face was stern and he appeared to saying be something .
tr	I	The stone ground begins to crack beneath her weight like a thin layer ice of on a frozen lake .
tr	I	He was now close .
tr	O	Clare pouted a little .
tr	I	' I 'll let Victor know 're you safe .
tr	O	She was determined to get him there .
tr	O	But he wore the fine clothing carelessly , with none of the English stiffness , as though the trappings of success were nothing .
tr	O	' Ah , you mean in The Porcelain Kingdom ? '
tr	O	He 's already caught on to my plan .
tr	O	I wonder about that now .
tr	O	For the love of god , there had been a dead body in the rose bushes .
tr	O	Perhaps it was to her credit that he had always obliged her with a bath on those occasions .
tr	I	I contemplated all that had happened over the past days few .
tr	O	I will check in on you from time to time .
tr	I	Now seemed he petrified .
tr	O	I tighten my sweater around me and try to look inconspicuous .
tr	O	He had heard of torture chambers and secret cells , but had never entirely believed it .
tr	O	Anita quickly handed me back the note , and moved so quickly she nearly disappeared .
tr	I	I expect the women I 'm with to clean be as well .
tr	O	Toward the end she dove , rolling out onto the stone floor beyond the reach of the pitiless columns .
tr	O	Gabby flopped back on her bed and squelched a yelp and a stream of curses as pain seared through the flesh of her back .
tr	I	He needed to be careful with money if he was going fulfill to the big plans he had for Paradise .
tr	O	I 'm getting a little old to be rushing out to save the world .
tr	I	Had dealt I with it ?
tr	I	Lea still remembered the different things that stayed in her mind : Alonso 's words about tail power and the bottle water of been thrown to Hilda .
tr	I	There were thirteen columns of dark wood , each one hand-carved with swirling leaves images and of beings of tale and fantasy .
tr	I	he gestured to a pair at rear the .
tr	O	Several frantic footsteps echo from the hallway and he is gone .
tr	O	I narrowed my eyes .
tr	O	The SEC was suspending its investigation of Clay .
tr	I	I don 't know when she left that night , he when awoke in the morning Edward found Eadie gone .
tr	O	First , he dialed his cousin .
tr	O	I hopes we 're goin ' somewhere 's warm .
tr	I	The only problem ... was if she came forward , she 'd have to face the consequences of her actions , too .
tr	O	My path has been laid before me .
tr	O	The noise that the boys heard was the roar of millions of tons of water .
tr	O	He 's in big trouble .
tr	O	I can 't feel it .
tr	O	He ripped off a piece of cloth to bind the wound .
tr	O	In a swift movement , Calvin pushed me behind him .
tr	O	I didn 't even think of that .
tr	I	Magnus had never allowed to anyone cut her hair .
tr	O	He rocked and pulled the Keurig into a dominant position on the counter where it hissed and delivered .
tr	O	I made sure everyone double-checked that they had everything they absolutely needed .
tr	I	' Your lips frozen are . '
tr	O	His heart and soul was another matter .
tr	O	The older humans were clutching their backs or their legs as their weakened limbs required .
tr	O	It would be beautiful if the ugly fight from before wasn 't lingering over us both .
tr	I	He could call not it ' dead ' ; he felt life pouring into him from it every moment .
tr	O	The rough fabric was cold , but it was better than the thin jumpsuit alone .
tr	I	My mouth waters with the anticipation of tasting the sweet things Samantha that has to offer .
tr	I	That huge zombie horde that Ryan out took ?
tr	O	Doyle wrapped the corset around me .
tr	O	She made out the outlines of the wagons , arranged in a defensive circle surrounding the people within it .
tr	I	Mercer sounded like the words were torn being from him .
tr	I	' About what father your said earlier .
tr	I	Because I had survived when I wasn 't to supposed .
tr	I	Be at here four on Friday .
tr	O	Dreams usually mean something around here , and I 'm betting Skyla 's dream , whatever it was , means something big .
tr	I	He did not greet her , a she fact noticed because it made the pain in her chest widen to other parts of her body .
tr	I	Roth came up a step , towering me over .
tr	I	How would long it take for Jonas to empower her ?
tr	O	the rotund man said from behind the desk .
tr	I	Wayne everything did in his power to ensure that he would have the exact , same classes as his girlfriend .
tr	I	It seems to be able to a take hand in things from time to time .
tr	I	Gaining a little confidence , continues he upward , the vines offering a path all the way up to the very ledge he fell from .
tr	I	Well , I knocked right that out of him .
tr	I	' This one unfortunately is just about to do something that she 't shouldn . '
tr	O	She teases and punches his shoulder .
tr	O	He stayed a safe distance from Justin but seemed to be real interested in what Justin was up to .
tr	O	I didn 't answer .
tr	O	She should have known he wouldn 't have the patience to wait for a better time to seek her out .
tr	O	Or was the kiss irrelevant but he was glad to see me again ?
tr	I	But then , wasn that 't answer enough ?
tr	I	Elena stared at him , unable to shake the feeling that had he somehow manipulated her into doing exactly what he wanted .
tr	O	From the eclectic pottery and watercolors , he finally caught a sense of Jane 's true taste .
tr	I	One of the older ones had a black eye , and she had seen the on bruises the arm of the girl that had served them .
tr	O	She squeezed Ariella 's hands .
tr	O	He was about to knock when he saw a note taped to the door .
tr	I	As you all know , my father trusted my husband , loved and him like his own son .
tr	O	It wouldn 't be near as good without time to marinade .
tr	O	She put it around her neck and turned for him to fasten the clasp .
tr	I	By the time 's summer over Cam will be far enough along to be safe .
tr	O	Cobb went on to say he would continue his preservation efforts before contacting the Park Service to see what they wanted done with them .
tr	O	Gage shot him a look that said , You don 't have to do this .
tr	O	Garrett took a drink of coffee and shook his head .
tr	O	he asked , not caring about the contract , as long as the woman was on her way .
tr	I	Later , the teachers forgave them inaccuracy in their forecast because , as you know , learns one from one 's mistakes .
tr	I	Of course she ... was a girl .
tr	I	That wasn 't exactly a thing bad .
tr	O	That she held the knowledge to stop this , because she 'd planned on doing it before .
tr	I	She screamed a curse me at .
tr	I	If I 'm late for work , I just 'll blame you .
tr	I	I 'm it doing .
tr	O	I shook it , not sure what else to do .
tr	O	A boy had died under his watch .
tr	I	An hour later , Adel and Kamil are driving around the city like just the first days when they arrived in Hollywood .
tr	I	Even as I think this , another Colonies jet zooms overhead and a huge plume bright of red flame erupts on the Bank Tower .
tr	I	The hecklers with roared that one .
tr	I	As they the approached parking lot , Matthew laughed .
tr	I	He also 's the de-facto spokesperson for North America .
tr	O	He smiled with a great show of fang , making his point quite nicely .
tr	O	Too many questions surged into my head .
tr	O	There was no one else .
tr	O	He was a social man and talked with many people through the day .
tr	I	The tomb was not a tomb , a but doorway .
tr	O	No matter how hard he tried , he could not find the hope necessary to keep the males from turning vampire .
tr	O	What did she have in mind ?
tr	I	I at looked my watch .
tr	O	Only then , when he was sure the last of the ecstasy had drifted away , did he stop .
tr	I	And October 31 is the day shattered that the design .
tr	O	Did he mean to do that ?
tr	I	If they eat meat they shoot prepare and it .
tr	O	The thought actually made me laugh .
tr	I	She knew what was he up to .
tr	I	He charged her at with the gun and a shot fired .
tr	I	Bless heart her she took after her Mama .
tr	I	It 's too she bad has a girlfriend .
tr	O	I was relieved that night had fallen .
tr	O	How was she supposed to get away from him when he moved so impossibly fast ?
tr	O	Her father had never before hit her .
tr	O	He wasn 't supposed to feel for a human .
tr	I	Jimmy screamed while pulling the roller up coaster and doing a vertical 360 degree turn .
tr	O	He stated that with emphasis and a slight shrug that told her he wasn 't going to argue her skill set any longer .
tr	I	But the edge of the house came into view , and he could see lights at last in of one the upper windows .
tr	O	It usually took guys weeks to figure out that fact .
tr	I	Keep on the lookout undesirables for .
tr	O	He remained a safe distance away as his gaze traveled the length of me .
tr	I	Even that much time made a to difference the bottom line .
tr	O	They barely understand the concept of politics , I 'll warrant .
tr	O	The people on the list might draw his brothers and uncles , maybe even a few cousins , into the investigation .
tr	I	Baldy asked , as if nothing happened had .
tr	O	More murmurs , the tone a bit more speculative this time .
tr	I	Lunch was served in an alcove off the kitchen because the rest of the bottom floor of the house had been taken by over caterers and decorators .
tr	O	The adult wolf sniffed me from head to toe , then barked at Rudi .
tr	O	Maybe he doesn 't want another child with me after what I 've put him through .
tr	O	she screeched like a harpy .
tr	O	She pushed him back roughly , breaking his hold on her .
tr	O	They result from natural causes which God Himself creates .
tr	I	She 't didn have a husband , well , not one that was living , and she didn 't move .
tr	O	He was a very tidy , even squeamish person -- wouldn 't even kill a mosquito with his bare hand .
tr	O	His eyes squeezed shut briefly , and he nodded a thanks before offering it back to me with shaking hands .
tr	O	Whatever Harry had given him , it didn 't make Vaughn happy .
tr	O	I can tell you there is absolute outrage in the village over what happened here last night !
tr	I	She leaned and forward patted my leg .
tr	I	When 's the last time you spent 've two nights in a row with the same women .
tr	O	He walked to the door and watched her stomp her way through the light rain to the back door of the old house .
tr	O	He handed me a cup with a straw and I took a sip of water before being able to continue .
tr	I	There are thousands and thousands of stores dedicated to the one overarching theme the city great was founded on ; spending .
tr	I	It was probably safe say to the list of bad things I had done was endless .
tr	I	Does she not realize much how we need her ?
tr	O	He had tasted her once and had craved a second taste ever since .
tr	I	Nicolas lay his on back , his legs weighted under a half ton of steel beams .
tr	I	The dank air of the burrow grew humid with heat body and spilled blood .
tr	I	She looked up at him , and nervous trying to step out of his arms .
tr	O	I reached out and touched his hair .
tr	O	You owe him that . '
tr	O	In one of those coupes I have read about .
tr	I	Not what said she , but that she was discussing this at all .
tr	I	I hated talking about him when he was in the apartment , even if he was in his room with door the shut .
tr	I	Don 't lose resolve your now .
tr	O	She held her ball in one hand and waved at him with the other .
tr	I	I left out my narrative on the history of drink the , those usually didn 't go over well .
tr	O	His mouth went to my breast before he 'd even dropped the pink triangle top .
tr	I	We were -- just no .
tr	O	He lamented , ' Our kids are crazy , and the world can never know . '
tr	O	But I knew now that my place was not on a battlefield where anything could happen to me .
tr	O	She wasn 't an experienced kisser , not seductive and sultry like a courtesan , and Fellows didn 't care .
tr	O	God help her if she started screaming .
tr	O	He unzipped the tent and stepped inside .
tr	O	The hallway seemed longer now , the steel doors deliberately keeping their distance .
tr	O	' To Tatiana Natasha , My one and only true love .
tr	O	The Sphinx fell upon the enemy soldiers , fire in their hearts fuelled by my wrath , greatly raising their morale and ability .
tr	I	I was struck by much how of a man he had become in such a short time .
tr	O	She refused to spend her time crying .
tr	I	Every time I thought about it , head my hurt .
tr	O	She felt her mouth quirk into a smile because he was really so gosh darned bossy .
tr	I	No one near goes the traitors .
tr	O	He rol ed his eyes .
tr	I	And lastly , did what the fool mean by his insane proclamations ?
tr	I	Jace snarled and rushed the at coyote .
tr	I	Pierce indeed felt like a prop as they toured half of the room then took a position by bar the .
tr	I	I kicked them to lightly make sure they were in , and then got out of the way .
tr	O	Or maybe she 's afraid of the local branch of the World Government system if she doesn 't act the part of loyal follower .
tr	I	The islander was clearly skilled with bow a .
tr	O	Dearest Cassie , I pray that you get this letter and you are okay .
tr	I	Carol groped something for more to say .
tr	O	Cuddles leapt out of his arms and practically landed on the Great Dane 's back .
tr	O	He was supposed to be the one doing the comforting tonight .
tr	O	He kept watching her .
tr	I	Gabe makes a noise in the back his of throat , like a warning .
tr	I	I walked hunched over to doors the and opened them .
tr	I	You have an out easy and you 're not taking it .
tr	O	His golden gaze locked on her .
tr	O	Maybe it came from the satisfaction of feeling that we 'd finally overcome our obstacles .
tr	O	You have to leave me alone .
tr	I	Like Lucas mother 's accepted him ?
tr	I	No one to say that 'd I regained my bridal figure .
tr	O	The two strangers by the window had finally looked up now that Lemuel 's back was to them .
tr	O	He moved his lips from mine and I kept my eyes closed , enraptured by his touch and his closeness .
tr	I	Look at him ; gust a of wind would blow him over .
tr	O	He took another sip of his scotch , then set it on the coffee table .
tr	O	The deputy rose and staggered toward the cell , his outstretched arms reaching through the bars like the two men to the right .
tr	I	He could have sworn the nurse actually cracked a smile , but then she turned stern again once .
tr	O	The oversized king bed , covered with a spread of rich silvers and gold , sat so high he 'd need to lift her up .
tr	I	Johnnie froze , looking over his shoulder from the dinner masterpiece he cooked .
tr	O	I knew it from the countless moments that said Haruki cared .
tr	O	He faced her again .
tr	O	As they tried to recompose themselves , their eyes met .
tr	I	That wasn 't very ago long but it feels like it now .
tr	O	Joaquim was just outside it , and he was sort of ... flying .
tr	O	I don 't want to consider what will happen if it hasn 't .
tr	O	' But I 've a problem .
tr	O	A pleasure that went from sensational to shattering as he dipped his head even lower and sucked one nipple between his lips .
tr	I	She stayed in a of hotel course , but made sure that Christmas was special .
tr	O	That 's a good nickname , isn 't it ?
tr	I	I reminded her that she was just a ghost what and did she know , although that didn 't sit very well with her .
tr	I	Did need I glasses ?
tr	I	I wondered if I could sue breach for of contract .
tr	I	Julian stands to by give his blood , as does Jacques .
tr	O	A dull , veiled gray with shrouds of fog hanging like moss , draping along sticks of blackened tree branches .
tr	O	But he could imagine himself raising a gun to Raphael 's head and putting a bullet in it right now , consequences be damned .
tr	I	She shakes head her with reluctance , looking horrified .
tr	O	Then it extended another four or five feet , turning it into a metal spear .
tr	I	She replied , giving him the code to door the as well as the alarm .
tr	O	Surreal watched the sky lighten and listened to the guards shouting and cursing as the maze sizzled from the explosions of power against power .
tr	I	The doctor said he stand can trial but needs some antidepressants .
tr	I	Mrs. Chandler did not look at Luna or even any make gesture that she noticed the girl enter .
tr	O	You know you should have .
tr	O	The kind of alternative rock I used to enjoy playing myself .
tr	I	I hear the rest of them say it was alright as they scoot into the car , but not like our school home at .
tr	O	I dropped my car keys on the floor with a clank and to put my hands on his shoulders .
tr	O	He looked at each painting .
tr	I	Looking for a 's woman eggs .
tr	O	They lay on the beach , dodging the sun , hiding behind dark shades , watching the tourists come and go .
tr	I	Your eyes told that me .
tr	I	Chapter It Ten was hard to brush one 's teeth with someone else 's teeth nibbling at one 's neck .
tr	I	To others they are than less toys .
tr	I	Since my organization is by run magicians , we left the treasure alone .
tr	O	The wind felt colder , washing over me .
tr	I	Charlie then hurried the from room , ran down the stairs and straight out the front door without a word to anyone .
tr	O	Thomas looked over at Minho and raised his eyebrows .
tr	I	It was enough to get him to up back off of me .
tr	I	With apprehension mounting , Sophie ventured toward the ballroom .
tr	I	Her diary told her that she seen had five patients that Friday .
tr	O	He released Maya and let her slide down .
tr	O	He ran the back of his hand along her cheek , cupped the nape of her neck .
tr	I	Why would the gods have done to this him ?
tr	O	The Red Cross and National Guard were the biggest supporters in this kind of catastrophe .
tr	I	Power emanated his from every pore .
tr	O	I simply couldn 't imagine you had completed the Word .
tr	I	It was an honor Ash gladly would have ceded .
tr	I	It didn take 't me long to reach the lake .
tr	O	The inside smelled musty , old , and gas and oil vapors from the car were strong but clearing as the doorway opening allowed .
tr	I	There was a bitter taste Clary in 's mouth .
tr	O	I knew the material was a protectant and would seal out poisons and gases .
tr	I	Eyes peered at Victoria all from corners of the room , angry and malicious .
tr	I	She practically needed diplomatic training to for prepare this wedding .
tr	I	He flew in a straight line over Dorian 's bridge , it cleared , and then soon vanished out of view .
tr	I	So she stood there , holding Mia 's and purse pretending to be whole .
tr	O	Lexi couldn 't take it ; the truth was corroding her from the inside out .
tr	O	Michael took advantage of the slower day crowd by remaining in his office and completing paperwork .
tr	O	It loomed in front of her large as a movie , larger than life .
tr	I	The field hummed and buzzed ; it crackled with shimmering sparks , and , all at once , the portion head of the worm retreated .
tr	O	Matt could only see her from the side , but that was the face he 'd been unable to get out of his mind all week .
tr	I	For me the world 's a different place than it was week last .
tr	O	Her gaze traveled down his broad back .
tr	I	Only then do I realize it who is I 'm fighting .
tr	O	I will pray for you .
tr	O	She handed him a calling card .
tr	I	I nodded , heart my beating fast .
tr	I	Honestly , there 's nothing Lucian can to say me that wil get me riled up .
tr	I	As far as he was concerned , those were three reasons good for having nightmares .
tr	I	She 's got to face sometime it , because the dinner is tonight .
tr	O	The other is a man named Mason Perot .
tr	O	But she 'd spent all her energy on stopping herself from glowing this weekend .
tr	I	I gripped Jared shirt 's .
tr	O	My h * ps raised off the mattress , and I bit at his lower lip fiercely , need driving me wild .
tr	O	There was a sharp intensity about the marquis and a tense desperation .
tr	I	Beau said , at swiping her like a bear .
tr	O	Carrying four people on his back was a chore of determination for the great dragon , yet he refused to give up .
tr	O	asked Ezio , seated in a chair across from him .
tr	I	The line to the bar was ten people deep but was Quinn tending bar that night which was awesome .
tr	O	I contemplated the almost twenty hours of flying I had in my future , not including my overnight stay in Dubai .
tr	O	He finally took a chance and headed for the crash site .
tr	I	She was two feet taller , and was covered in what like look fur .
tr	O	' Isn 't it pretty ? '
tr	O	I can see the concern in his eyes , and my anger flares .
tr	O	But there is also a good kind , where the pretence leads up to the real thing .
tr	O	Darts of pain shot down my spine .
tr	O	It was covered in gold armor reminiscent of Gela 's first army .
tr	O	You two boys have fun .
tr	I	The phase initial of the attack has just begun .
tr	I	I 'll with stay Graham .
tr	I	Iris try repel to it but it was too late .
tr	O	Ronny loved life and never let it get him down .
tr	I	There was a smoldering silence , and then the passenger shoved the door open , exited the car , and left a without further word .
tr	I	We 've had some real successes lately and I the doubt Germans will last much longer .
tr	O	Free to live on my own terms .
tr	I	I a arch brow at him , wondering what he 's doing .
tr	I	She wondered where they be might going .
tr	O	Ross said it was sad , but Munro replied that it was inevitable .
tr	O	His legs no longer worked , and his body lay in an unnatural twist .
tr	I	He could imagine her as flying a bird in the sky , swooping through the treetops .
tr	I	When Gwendolen came down to tea , her greeted uncle her with his usual kindness .
tr	O	Had they scared him off somehow ?
tr	O	Standing , I crossed the room to embrace her .
tr	I	He sounded upbeat but he didn 't leave a phone number so she couldn 't him call back .
tr	O	Then I saw the tree staring me in the face , mocking me for not just plowing the deer over .
tr	I	A of spike heat explodes all over me .
tr	I	I watched tip it on its head as the soft grass reached out to caress my cheek .
tr	I	He turned to flee , right into the hands of Miss also Level .
tr	I	The package was placed on a charter plane and flown to Edwards Force Air Base in California .
tr	I	Jayne pinched the silver tongs to shuffle a petit four fruit and onto a dessert plate .
tr	O	Behind the closed door he maintained a karate attack stance knowing it might be the last thing he ever did .
tr	O	He got out of the car , and stripped off the awkward uncomfortable clothes and boots .
tr	I	The young lady wasted little time , turning and fast running east .
tr	O	The last time she 'd wept , he 'd been making love to her and her grief had overwhelmed her .
tr	I	We 't don think any demon knows either .
tr	O	He smiled at her .
tr	O	That they did : the six ninjas stood up from their seats and leaned their torsos as low as they could in a sign of respect .
tr	O	I dropped my head back to the cub , cradled her and rocked slightly side to side .
tr	I	Then 's there the other hovercraft to deal with .
tr	O	Its jaws gaped wide , impossibly wide as if the top of its head was coming loose revealing fangs like icicles .
tr	O	I looked at him , admiring how much better he looked than yesterday .
tr	I	Exercising at night was a common for thing her to do .
tr	I	The lightest snow of coverings had made it easy to see the tyre tracks in the half-light .
tr	I	It changed colors in to time the music , if that 's what it was , and flapped near Bia 's head .
tr	O	Louis has been exploring for copper and trading goods at Sault St. Marie .
tr	O	He purrs in my ear before he steps out the door .
tr	O	She gave him their addresses .
tr	I	And so it shouldn 't to matter her .
tr	O	Funny that I don 't really remember having family holidays .
tr	I	Chapter Twenty-Five When Connor knocked on the house the next afternoon , Zac and raced Brandon to answer the door before I could stop them .
tr	I	When the Freak off ran , Kelley rubbed his bristly jaw .
tr	O	She could see in the distance that there was a market set up today .
tr	I	Mary Jo turned Charlotte to again .
tr	I	I tried to inject a of tone lightness in my voice .
tr	I	' That the 's safety . '
tr	I	Why did you keep it a secret for so long and even say you that did not understand that it was wrong ?
tr	I	The kid exclaims , holding out arms his in an unbelieving pose .
tr	O	P.S. perhaps you might like to arrive the Wednesday before the first Sat ... etc for the briefings .
tr	O	The hurt in his voice rang strong in Lizzy 's heart .
tr	I	My parents somehow decided I 'd had friends and over we had vandalized everything .
tr	I	Sir Reginald belly laughed and his shook head .
tr	O	This would aid in Emily 's ongoing efforts to elude capture but not for too much longer .
tr	I	He moved toward the darkened room living .
tr	O	One of the other girls saw the article in the paper and called in .
tr	O	I had a school picture from last year .
tr	I	The first Tucker reached and lunged , leaping toward his groin .
tr	I	Thick , heavy-duty nylon braided .
tr	O	His timely arrival just after Lucifer had threatened her and then vanished ?
tr	I	And this discussion is moot any in case .
tr	I	But there was a strange new voice from doorway the .
tr	I	Thank you for supporting work my .
tr	O	If that verdict is delivered today , I 'll make sure she never leaves the orphanage unless it 's with me under the glow of the moonlight .
tr	I	Eventually , he pulled a dog leashed up to Vin .
tr	I	He closed up the backpack and walked determinedly up to gate the .
tr	I	The door opened under my hand and smiled I , glad to be able to get in .
tr	O	I had manners enough to know I shouldn 't whip her arm behind her back and grind her face in the dirt .
tr	I	She took out a cable USB and fitted the phone to her computer .
tr	O	Not with the changes he 'd been through .
tr	I	Erin the found stiffness irritating .
tr	I	We , uh , 't wouldn to ruin that .
tr	O	When he emerged a few minutes later it occurred to him that if he moved fast he might be able to join Chloe in the shower .
tr	O	She was just worried about you both .
tr	O	I smiled at my sister , glad she was having better luck than I was in the social department .
tr	O	I put a plate of food together and handed it to her .
tr	I	I asked , rolling to my side face to her .
tr	I	I worried 'm about her too .
tr	I	But should she dare to get her hopes up that this weekend mean might more to him than just a casual fling ?
tr	I	Just to trying get her to laugh , you know ?
tr	I	Train of will Power transpire as he planned it .
tr	O	He 's known about that for a long time now .
tr	O	Then , she would turn to a compass heading of 106 degrees magnetic and sail the remaining distance at an estimated average speed of 6.2 knots .
tr	I	I asked because Michael returned had to the arena almost immediately .
tr	O	Mason charged after him .
tr	O	I let my mom gather me against her and pressed my face into her blouse .
tr	I	And has it exposed me completely .
tr	I	But everyone went to for them judgements .
tr	O	He stared at Randolph 's far wall and fell silent , lost in thought .
tr	I	Whether they were the or living the undead , it mattered not .
tr	O	The green two-piece sweater set looked a little casual for enticing a man to become a confederate .
tr	O	He stood and started looking behind the seats in the cockpit .
tr	I	And what I should now do .
tr	O	His voice was filled with regret and pain .
tr	I	He wanted to tell her as much , but it was a conversation done best privately .
tr	I	* She grim looked .
tr	I	But didn she 't mind .
tr	O	I was looking at myself in the mirror and laughing .
tr	O	A different sort of chill went through her as she stared at the sixth portal .
tr	I	There was a knock on front the door .
tr	O	Mom appeared to like the sound of that .
tr	O	King Stephan chuckled again and shook his head .
tr	I	Another look around the room and he still 't didn see his other sisters .
tr	O	He hadn 't heard what they were saying .
tr	I	But didn Fredrick 't take notice .
tr	O	But when it didn 't , well , he had to put the blame on someone .
tr	O	He 's nearly a foot taller than me , his body hard and solid with the muscle and strength of someone close to my age .
tr	I	An old man 's voice from called the other room .
tr	O	I know he is bracing for when he hit the bottom .
tr	O	He winked as he slipped a finger inside of me .
tr	O	While Carlos napped , Mario was at home listening to Sam and Ron tell Romano what they had learned .
tr	O	The strange bear had been standing with its eyes fixed on the Director .
tr	I	I shrug , flicking the bolt in back John 's direction .
tr	O	Strictly speaking , there are no stairs .
tr	I	Chapter 11 -- Accomplice Hands grabbed shirt her , jerking her roughly , but Ashley 's instinct kicked in .
tr	O	Delicate gem that it appeared , though , the little castle had already presented Damon with several problems .
tr	I	He didn 't try to get my number , despite not knowing don I 't have one .
tr	I	Beyond the stairs , a narrow track into led the mountains .
tr	O	I couldn 't see details , but at least one other person waited for him .
tr	O	Hart carried her to the bed , coming down on it with her .
tr	O	I should have walked away , but I couldn 't help myself .
tr	O	For the past seventeen years , my life has been nothing but a brick wall separating the first few years from the rest .
tr	O	She would get out of the house and get herself to The Galleria Mall .
tr	I	The wound was on 's Trajan right side and blood flowed sluggishly from the injury .
tr	I	We swing by a fancy high-end grocery store on the way to Emerson 's apartment so he gather can his ingredients .
tr	O	Knowing there was something they weren 't saying only made my frustration grow .
tr	I	Tristan lost his balance and crashed against the rock as fell he .
tr	O	I could see she had fallen down because her skirt was ripped all the way up the side .
tr	I	Buster said he would make the rooms occupied by and June son into adjoining rooms within days .
tr	I	Then I headed the out tent .
tr	I	More federal agents filled room the .
tr	O	I motioned for the next child to step forward and when she did , I startled .
tr	O	There 's also a world of primal ice .
tr	I	' It 's going be to okay ! '
tr	I	He waved at Adriana , who smiled little a too broadly in return , and got in his car .
tr	I	Inside the cloud , the 's man eyes were red and blood was filling his cheeks .
tr	I	Ken took a through look the plastic .
tr	O	He 'd fought for her in the past .
tr	O	He had come carefully and skilfully to the study of spirits , after a long preparation .
tr	O	However , her honor could not allow it .
tr	O	I 'm pretty sure Gabriel was one of them .
tr	O	Out by that ocean you feel smaller , less important somehow , it puts things into proportion . '
tr	O	I tried to keep the cage steady , and the bird stayed silent as I carried into the conservatory and found a safe place for it .
tr	O	He hadn 't changed his mind .
tr	I	Susan got to up go into the kitchen .
tr	I	I 've tried to thinking avoid about the fact that I won 't have Six this year .
tr	I	But the ringing telephone interrupted them , and with a groan , Chase grabbed the receiver on nightstand the by the bed .
tr	O	He shook his head .
tr	O	One of the three girls stood out from the rest .
tr	O	I touch his arm .
tr	O	There was noise everywhere .
tr	I	They the were best of friends when they were kids .
tr	I	as she snatches the documents back from me and starts to walk the towards entrance doors .
tr	O	She sputtered , her eyelashes blinking rapidly .
tr	I	If I 'd expected Diggs to barge in , was I disappointed ; he didn 't even knock .
tr	O	And she could save lives as well as take them .
tr	I	* * * It wasn fine 't .
tr	O	I don 't want to know how sneaky and underhanded you get just don 't kill anybody , please .
tr	I	They would rather drip water into pails than rocks carry .
tr	O	Substantial buildings stood upon the hillside .
tr	I	I mean , I just 'm betting he 's too stupid to check to see if you were married .
tr	O	I couldn 't ask her what I should do about it .
tr	O	I didn 't know what it was .
tr	O	The truck didn 't sound too good , but it would get them out of town , and past Verdun day .
tr	I	Dirty blonde mother her used to call it .
tr	I	When 'm I done , I keep the soldering tube and hand-cranked generator .
tr	I	They had left the town far behind , and the dark forest endless seemed .
tr	I	This only led to the boys despising Sakura even more , believing Sakura was the real bitchy adopted sister Tara and Alaina had told constantly them about .
tr	I	I could already foresee the arguments that would come when told I Dorian I was leaving Isaac and Ivy where they were .
tr	O	The Hall was utterly , totally empty .
tr	I	Her nose and cheeks were a little red , but she going was to be okay .
tr	I	Kate was still too tired to be nice when he snapped at like her that so she snapped right back .
tr	I	Serpent out stepped from behind the tree .
tr	I	And even if she one summoned , Lysander could easily find her if he returned early - Wait .
tr	I	He his bows head .
tr	I	The soldiers spoke in tones hushed .
tr	O	There was no point .
tr	I	He exhaled loudly as I caught his head wide with my tongue and looked up at him through hooded eyes .
tr	I	The boy fearless looks .
tr	I	It was a he wonder could contain himself .
tr	O	I said with a tentative wave back .
tr	O	It should have been the first item I removed from vault , instead of just pushing it aside for the lighter and easier moved treasures .
tr	O	daggers with my eyes .
tr	O	I caught the scent of it .
tr	I	It had been as if nature itself had declared war on the keep and the lands it around .
tr	I	Sometimes operated they in packs , more often alone , occasionally in pairs .
tr	I	They don 't put even up their own Christmas tree .
tr	I	I doubt he wanted hear to the thoughts that came to mind when I saw his daughter .
tr	O	His eyes showed worry , which I understood .
tr	I	She hadn 't meant that to happen , and didn she 't think Jason had , either .
tr	O	He 'd probably looked as shocked as they had when he 'd met them down in the ward , disheveled and exhausted from the journey .
tr	O	His bared teeth were bloody .
tr	O	he asked , feigning shock .
tr	O	This wasn 't what he 'd signed up for .
tr	O	Okay , maybe not just her cooking .
tr	O	Only the palest shadow of his brother lay here ... Dean grabbed the bed rail for support ; the metal rattled beneath his grasp .
tr	I	The lipstick was on yellowing her teeth .
tr	O	This is how we 've been since he came back .
tr	O	She groaned , the sound captured by his mouth , and desperately tried to marshal her resistance .
tr	I	I peered his into heated green eyes .
tr	O	He 'd told her more than he 'd ever told another .
tr	O	He sent a mental signal to whoever was watching for the men in Vanessa 's apartment to hurry the hell up .
tr	O	Do you not yet see , Celestino ?
tr	O	Hannah couldn 't deny it .
tr	I	I loved that blush , I loved it way more than I loved coffee and was that saying a lot .
tr	I	' Who the hell he is ? '
tr	I	I glanced sideways in direction her .
tr	O	She stayed right where she was and watched him with a certain wariness in her eyes .
tr	O	My date began to breathe heavily and I misinterpreted this as picking up where we had left off .
tr	I	We were not meant to speak to this man ; we were meant to save Carolina and abscond as as fast our legs would carry us .
tr	I	It must have been driving crazy Javier to have Camden here with us .
tr	O	They 'd been good enough , for cops .
tr	O	Outside , I heard thunder again .
tr	I	She 'd always his be .
tr	I	The following day the rage when vanished Christine met a girl with a pair of big frightened eyes .
tr	I	Isn 't that how got he involved with Joey 's mother in the first place ?
tr	O	What did that mean ?
tr	I	' At bottom the of the ditch , ' I said .
tr	O	It was raining , most of the road markings obscured by the reflections of the city lights .
tr	O	Still , how was he going to be without her even for a short time ?
tr	I	The I more thought , the more unpleasant and imminent they got .
tr	O	She simply couldn 't stand being on the outs with her children .
tr	I	You didn 't meet funny and gorgeous guys took who an interest in you every day .
tr	O	The captain showed them where to stow their gear as well as the location of the head and the snacks and drinks .
tr	I	Simon would give her credit if the thought didn leave 't him physically ill .
tr	I	The statue was gone , Ruth hand 's in its place .
tr	I	His decision made , he raced the to nearest door and threw it open .
tr	O	I tried to control the lurch of my stomach at the thought of food .
tr	I	Imagine the all vampires on Earth occupying an entire city ; one created solely for them ?
tr	O	She looked up at Boone and walked towards him and Logan .
tr	I	His eyes stay fixed the on road .
tr	I	I was meant to scared be of him .
tr	O	The Vikings however , are raiding the coast .
tr	O	The fact they arrived here when we did must certainly be a coincidence .
tr	O	It was a wonderful back , with broad shoulders , and I had planned on seeing it bare with my nails dug into it .
tr	O	Benji offered himself as a sort of pawn .
tr	I	He was thankful the for silence .
tr	O	I suddenly began wishing I 'd put Operation Aqua into action .
tr	O	Or sad for that matter .
tr	I	I needed -- space , said I .
tr	O	Emma straightened and grabbed her backpack from the trunk .
tr	I	Some of the laugh others , and I try a smile .
tr	I	All the territories occupied they in the area were all garrisoned complete with stored armaments and have fuel depots .
tr	I	That guy that was here with me a ago minute , that 's the guy Howell hired to replace him .
tr	O	Not a bad outing .
tr	I	He returns the back conversation to business .
tr	I	When I opened the door , it was Jack waiting on the other side , raising his to hand knock .
tr	O	You have no idea how damn much it hurts because you think this was all a game to me .
tr	O	He knew then that he would care for her with his life .
tr	I	And please don 't to refer my father as Ares .
tr	O	Then he 'd kill her and burn her body in that barrel .
tr	I	He unlocked and the opened door .
tr	O	Silence hummed again for a few seconds .
tr	O	' Actually does anyone out there know who we are ? '
tr	I	But she 't couldn .
tr	I	She was surprised at how much this domination stuff was coming naturally her to .
tr	I	But the answers are elusive , as the truth may very well died have with Timothy Hutchins and this dark cloud may hang over Russia indefinitely .
tr	O	Emily was coming along the hallway .
tr	O	She wanted to talk to me in person , but needs to be there when Mackenzie comes home from school .
tr	O	If there 's anyone whose help I can use right now , it would be him .
tr	O	That was kind of a shitty time for me .
tr	I	It showed the hillside above town where the Eclipse Policy Bay Studies Institute was located .
tr	I	' I don 't think I 'll ever be able to eat or again drink .
tr	O	Don 't be afraid : but don 't let him try any tricks .
tr	I	His disapproval cut like knife a .
tr	I	I 't can just tell Davis all my secrets .
tr	I	She stood absolutely still as mind her reeled with recognition .
tr	I	Dave 's city ended experience with his renting a small U-Haul truck and toting his possessions back to Bailey Woods .
tr	I	If you choose go to , I will follow .
tr	O	She wanted to be there for him .
tr	O	I should have moved to Oak Hollow sooner , I thought .
tr	O	But the medical transport chopper would not be flying that far .
tr	I	Scary not is knowing how close you are to losing everything .
tr	I	What to happened her ?
tr	O	It seemed like a stretch .
tr	I	Yeah , it was shitty a way to apologize for what had happened all those years ago , but he 'd never been especially good with apologies .
tr	O	Droplets beaded , collected , connected , formed a large winged bird .
tr	I	' He a was good lad , the best I ever had work for me .
tr	I	The brother who hadn 't James beat into pulp shrugged .
tr	I	The buildings were all made brick of with cobblestone paths leading all around the city .
tr	I	Better wait to until they find him .
tr	I	Devin me brought a sandwich he had bought at the market as I sat on the sofa and turned on the TV .
tr	I	I shut and locked it behind me , then tossed my on coat the sofa .
tr	O	Nikki curled up against the headboard and patted the bed beside her .
tr	I	When you feel it , 'll you know it .
tr	O	In fact , I had nearly another two hours of questioning before I was finally free to go back up to my room for the night .
tr	O	He linked fingers with her , but the walls stayed up in his eyes .
tr	O	When she reached the doorway , she had meant to walk right up to him and ask him a few pointed questions , but she couldn 't .
tr	I	Harry Scott and the extra stuff from Bernstein was all had I between living nicely and completely falling through the cracks .
tr	I	Someone coughed and he whirled around as he though 'd forgotten they were being watched .
tr	O	Silent tears start streaming down my face and fall onto my pillow .
tr	I	Eric did not say one word about the embarrassing incident that taken had place between us .
tr	O	The other vehicle had been a white F-150 clearly marked as belonging to the Department of Conservation .
tr	I	The oil burner hadn 't roared once on in the past hour .
tr	I	Liz wiggled into a fitted T-shirt zipped and up her capris .
tr	O	There 's still time , she told herself , I can still go to the police .
tr	I	Richard and Sophia were there meet to them .
tr	O	' Maybe they got it wrong .
tr	I	Betsy her stomped foot and spun around .
tr	O	Everything is made up of matter .
tr	O	She squeezed his hand as Anthony made his way across the room straight toward them .
tr	I	And keep your stockings dry , too , that 'll hold the down stench .
tr	I	In the early-morning light , A.J. saw that crowd the had yet to arrive although the press had taken up residence in droves .
tr	I	What do you do a for living ?
tr	O	You mean so much to me .
tr	O	He was pressing his body against hers and it was already hard and ready and sending all the right signals to her core .
tr	I	I opened my mouth to tell him I where was going to kick his balls when a new hand settled on my hip .
tr	O	The boy nodded and ran off .
tr	I	The receptionist sat in the break room in back the eating lunch .
tr	O	I could have sworn there was an audible trace of admiration in his growl .
tr	I	Jessie growled as he devoured each one , taking them fully into his mouth sucking and hard .
tr	O	Maybe I need to say it out loud .
tr	I	Zane asked , turning toward back her .
tr	O	Mitch pushed the button to the sixteenth floor and seconds later got off .
tr	I	I had to believe it , because we otherwise were as good as dead .
tr	O	I turned and looked at the assemblage .
tr	O	And now he could hear a heartbeat inside the normally empty mansion .
tr	I	I not 'm sure .
tr	I	It took Hammerhead less five than minutes to gnaw through Nick 's rope .
tr	I	Prior to Conrad meeting , the extent of her security knowledge included memorizing the pin code for the security box on the garage leading into her condo .
tr	I	' Property Martin of Bartell .
tr	I	Instead of the drone comfortable of polite conversation , what had stopped her was the harsh sound of raised , angry voices issuing from the kitchen .
tr	I	But the thieves did not the know power of what they had stolen and brought great doom upon themselves , destroying most of their own clan .
tr	O	Before Kat could ask what he meant , there was a slice of light across the concrete , and Kat 's mouth went wide with shock .
tr	I	I see can his point .
tr	O	But as Caden had said , just considering it to be true ignited guilt .
tr	O	Someone she thought would understand and want to be with her , because she would never cause him that kind of pain .
tr	O	He wondered how many more breaths he had left in his sack of cracked ribs and pain .
tr	O	I ask Cy , deciding Della isn 't apt to answer the question .
tr	O	I 'm sick and tired of Anderson Cooper ruining everything , she wrote , using the code name they 'd come up with for Ali .
tr	I	She 'd often told that Serena it was her way of helping .
tr	O	Not the most comforting of thoughts , she wryly acknowledged , gagging on the sudden stench of smoldering sulfur .
tr	O	The heavy footsteps on the stairs weren 't Nan 's .
tr	I	She placed her fingers against his mouth when he tried protest to and then laid her head on his shoulder , snuggling into his warm chest .
tr	O	I leaned up to plant a kiss on his cheek before pulling out my phone .
tr	O	Dominic excused himself , bolting upstairs and dragging Tess along with him .
tr	I	Nox glanced again Cain at .
tr	I	Rafe wanted on them guard around his women .
tr	I	Borland gave a respectful and nod moved away to clean some dirty glasses .
tr	O	I stuck out the middle finger in his direction , and everyone started howling laughing .
tr	O	He could not meet her eyes .
tr	I	Sergei demanded when he reached her , hands his on his hips as he glared down at her .
tr	I	She had same the deal with Henry as I do , right ?
tr	I	Unsure of what to of make it all , Nick headed to Sanctuary .
tr	I	He sat with there his hair pooling like silver fire around his bare skin .
tr	I	After a struggle , he ripped the sword from other the corpse 's fingers .
tr	I	Todd 's heartbeat did a tattoo rapid when he noticed the door was slightly open .
tr	I	I 't couldn stop crying on the way over .
tr	I	He must not proper know etiquette , the darling virgin .
tr	I	She is an enemy of the and clan must be disposed of .
tr	I	11 It was past midnight , and my daughter sleeping was soundly .
tr	O	I watched the motion of his chest , expanding and contracting as he inhaled and exhaled .
tr	I	Curiously , nobody seemed aware of the bigger events taking place outside the hospital , indeed and elsewhere in the building .
tr	I	The lad it was aimed at caught it , revolved the ball rapidly between his hands and then threw back it .
tr	O	He gave my hand a squeeze .
tr	O	The glance that brother and sister shared was confused and even angry , but loving , too .
tr	I	My smile faded quickly when Elaina seized finally her opportunity to approach me , her arms crossed in front of her .
tr	I	He only stared me at with those unblinking , intense eyes .
tr	I	She Nick imagined 's dark eyes smiling down at her .
tr	I	Ty was silent a for few breaths .
tr	O	Royce made a show of studying her before he said anything else .
tr	O	He brushed it off like it was nothing and started to ease a chair to her bedside with his good arm .
tr	O	Will you please tell me if you 've seen her or heard from her ?
tr	I	You were a such help to me today .
tr	O	Samara felt a sudden flutter in his stomach .
tr	O	He walked in to find the room empty .
tr	I	She 'd been watching with the pillars and saw stone the sail past .
tr	I	' This your is heritage .
tr	I	Find Liam and tell she him 's here .
tr	I	He knew that already he wanted her .
tr	I	Marie running came up , out of breath .
tr	O	Now I must insist you retreat to the safety of the cabin .
tr	I	She 'd stopped coming by for tea in mornings the and I knew why .
tr	O	Heat soaked into her skin , making her shiver .
tr	I	Chapter 44 -- Finn Pool had made half-a-dozen shots across the table .
tr	I	She fumbled for the light and switch trudged inside .
tr	O	I think he was getting used to my icy hands .
tr	O	He hated being at the mission downtown .
tr	O	Once inside , I ran the cold water in the sink and splashed my face and neck .
tr	O	The flash of red and blue lights came to him almost immediately .
tr	O	A faintly sweet undertone of native lubricants drifted on the air .
tr	I	' She me teaches good manners .
tr	I	Mother 's voice could have out dried the Sahara .
tr	O	The sight made me heart flutter a little .
tr	I	He gasped when small her hand closed around him , touching him like only a woman with over a thousand years experience could .
tr	I	He looked in laptop his index for a Belfast number , and dialled .
tr	O	He smiled at me , his mood lightened .
tr	O	She hated to fight and she especially hated to see her friends fighting each other .
tr	I	Her eyes and narrow her voice lowers as she leans in even closer .
tr	I	I my clenched jaw .
tr	I	We 'll move faster our since squad 's still pretty lean .
tr	I	He frowned , didn but 't question her .
tr	I	The words from came inside the room and we 're followed by a distinct sob .
tr	O	Or would necessarily want to .
tr	I	One had just four hits , all of them outside the outer ring , one each the in quadrants in the corners .
tr	I	She 'd lock them both inside and hope they could last the until construction workers arrived in the morning .
tr	O	Daemon thumbed through his papers .
tr	I	I still didn 't understand why Julia Kathleen McElroy had given on up her stage career .
tr	O	I don 't even think about it anymore .
tr	O	He expected the man would persist , but Albert hoped to be proven wrong .
tr	I	It was a quite declaration .
tr	O	The little girl was laughing at them gleefully .
tr	O	I rolled my eyes .
tr	O	Before he could turn around he heard the two men near the car collapse in much the same way .
tr	I	Father Mulligan and Helena emerged from confessional the , and the priest put his arm around her shoulders .
tr	O	He would tape the shows , and we would practice their routines in my huge living room .
tr	O	You couldn 't help hoping .
tr	O	So she kept her voice steady .
tr	I	There is an even intricately designed ornate rug on the floor .
tr	O	Without asking , she knew it was the alpha , Jed .
tr	O	I hope Mack is planning on shooting anything leaving this building , with wings or anything else .
tr	I	The room had two windows , it so wasn 't dark .
tr	O	That one wasn 't scheduled to call until the following day .
tr	O	I started to walk down the beach .
tr	O	Tasha and the mage were waiting for him out in the courtyard as he stood in front of the door .
tr	I	she brightly asked and slapped it into his outstretched hand .
tr	O	She ducked her chin , smoothed her hair then reached for his jacket .
tr	O	A young man came to the desk , he was obviously a vampire .
tr	I	Something about like courts that ruling here before and making a mess of things .
tr	O	Mac led the way back to the shuttle .
tr	I	He took my wrists and my wrapped arms around his waist .
tr	I	She 'd made almost it when she felt Alec 's hand on her elbow .
tr	I	So I can still feel proud of him , even though he 's a bit of a hero tarnished now .
tr	I	I felt green with envy jealousy and consumed me .
tr	I	It lashed its claws and opened its thin mouth to slightly show the silvery pins .
tr	I	he yelled pointing to strip the of grass before him .
tr	O	Come to the cottage for a while , until you figure out your future .
tr	O	He sighed as if disappointed .
tr	I	There 's a mirror on the wall to the side of me and I step up it to .
tr	I	Darryl had never led a lawless life and the thought of doing time in a six by eight foot cell was what not he had in mind .
tr	I	Feel guilty , bad you son .
tr	O	Once again , he was reduced to a puppet , under his father 's control , helpless .
tr	I	He couldn 't even hear the scream of the wind howling .
tr	I	It is true what they say about men thinking sex of every few seconds .
tr	I	He use 'd the phone to call for help .
tr	I	But the didn guard 't seem to care .
tr	I	And he was a slimy little with worm a charming smile and a handsome face .
tr	I	She set up cravings with her gentle soft ways .
tr	O	It took US Customs two days to thoroughly inspect the gigantic yacht .
tr	I	She says harshly , cutting off me .
tr	I	Bloom followed him for a good fifteen minutes , talking , trying to get to him calm down .
tr	I	You must me forgive . '
tr	I	Caroline told all me about that .
tr	O	It is not normal .
tr	O	She didn 't answer because an order didn 't require one .
tr	O	Her arousal grew so intense she was tempted to find a coat closet and drag him inside .
tr	I	A rustling front in of him revealed a Wanderer , which had glided out from behind a tree .
tr	O	Finally , one senator stood up and made the suggestion that they could resolve the matter by simply acquiring an animal and physically counting its teeth .
tr	I	For and men kings have different needs and desires .
tr	O	Other things had to be dealt with before that could happen .
tr	I	He 'd never seen such full * h ps before .
tr	I	Of course he was wait - .
tr	O	This felt a little too easy .
tr	O	The hunger is already kindling inside of me , growing louder .
tr	O	Norman saw an amorphous , streaky blob .
tr	I	She at scoffed him .
tr	I	Drew went to the with camp a worried furrow between his brows .
tr	O	Kelly knew how to push Jennie 's helplessly romantic buttons to win the argument .
tr	O	David had said , in his video , that the aliens were tall and skinny and kind of gray and they had wee red shining eyes .
tr	O	You 'd think if he was okay taking a ride with a stranger , he could at least say who he was .
tr	I	She looked at him suspiciously , until her eyes caught the under cutting his arm and she said , ' Kumiko ? '
tr	I	He spun her face to him .
tr	O	Then it felt like they were part of my family .
tr	I	Not that those seemed be to important to her , but she might enjoy them .
tr	O	At least he no longer looked like the missing link between primates and Neanderthals .
tr	O	Gutierrez crawled across the slick maple surface , the knees of his nylon trousers struggling for traction .
tr	I	He swallowed the last morsel in his mouth spoke and .
tr	I	No , it 't didn .
tr	I	I realized 's Carlisle memory of them , despite the brevity of their contact , would be perfectly clear .
tr	I	Mason checked watch his .
tr	I	What was the point when she knew wouldn it 't do any good ?
tr	I	Lexie had called Doris the moment they got home , and the two of them were now sitting the in living room .
tr	O	Although in Morganville , Texas , home of everything weird , that wasn 't an entirely reasonable request .
tr	I	She up held her cell phone .
tr	O	Inside we 'd done our best to imitate nature .
tr	I	The question : is Who will accompany me inside tonight ?
tr	I	But as it stood , he all could think to offer her was the small amount of privacy the cab of his truck could allow .
tr	I	Severance looked up and saw three rows of grinning teeth at him from the window ledge above the bed .
tr	O	I really thought he just wanted to give me a birthday present .
tr	O	I wish I could , but I don 't have any place to keep him .
tr	I	She looked back up at him and , despite anger her , she was genuinely intimidated .
tr	O	I smiled to myself without humor ; I guess that is why I do it .
tr	I	She him eyed suspiciously .
tr	I	Though read I a book each day , Orson kept constant pressure on me to read faster .
tr	I	Alyssa came back in , Jeremy walking in calmly her wake .
tr	O	He stepped closer to the cluster on Paige 's dining-room sideboard .
tr	I	' They did really that ?
tr	I	Would you like tea some ? '
tr	O	He was ardent , gazing at her , hopeful and expectant , inspired , beguiled , glad .
tr	O	That was the first time Savannah had seen his pathetically skinny sixteen-year-old naked ass .
tr	I	He rubbed the whiskers his on chin , trying to come up with another plausible explanation .
tr	I	He periodically had to take them off as his would face begin to itch .
tr	O	In the rearview mirror , she could see dark shapes moving in the trees .
tr	I	He answered loudly back .
tr	I	Myra choked on emotional their reunion .
tr	O	Chapter 23 Joseph looked up from his desk as Tynan walked in shortly after sunset .
tr	I	His bleary , overly moist , eyes struggled to focus as the chest started slow a undulating circular movement that got faster the longer he stared .
tr	O	Hating to disappoint , Daniel didn 't enjoy telling her that it would be best if he went to see them on his own .
tr	O	Raptor asked Tyler and I as we saw a table close to the bar open up .
tr	I	There a was slight silence .
tr	O	Houston 's a pretty crazy town or so I 've heard .
tr	I	She was totally out of her and element off her game .
tr	I	He adjusted tie his .
tr	I	One of the paramedics ran to the ambulance and came back with a gurney and supplies , quickly loading Weston onto stretcher the .
tr	I	He had a huge with jaw big white teeth .
tr	O	Her stomach churned with a combination of fear and hope , the upheaval having nothing to do with the alcohol in her system .
tr	O	He was also pretty sure he could taste his spleen .
tr	I	Glowing eyes hazel met hers .
tr	O	Paris had a new contract .
tr	I	Maybe I could pick someone to else be for the night .
tr	O	She wondered how old this dragon was .
tr	I	You 're my niece therefore ; , I am responsible for you .
tr	I	I my rest arms on the table .
tr	O	I had to say something , do something .
tr	I	You have earned your right to come home , to re-enter paradise to take Mia and return the to light and happiness that can forever be yours .
tr	O	Bingo , it worked just as I wanted .
tr	O	Neither his parents nor anyone else knew how deep her feelings ran .
tr	I	You just want to friends be .
tr	I	He just barely let lips his graze Zane 's .
tr	O	For one , I used to stay in my own time .
tr	O	Jason had simply followed the wind direction .
tr	O	I may be feeding off their blood but they 're feeding as well .
tr	O	: : The engine roared to life as he jabbed at the keyless ignition .
tr	O	I stood the rottenness as long as I could and then I rebelled .
tr	I	Upon their having chosen the second challenge , a kitchen appeared before them , wherein they were instructed bake to a chocolate cake .
tr	I	She spoke lightly but there general was wistfulness in her voice . '
tr	I	Her fingers searched past coins stray and a baggie of something she was sure was pot before closing around the hard plastic form of his phone .
tr	I	And , unfortunately me for , the secret room was the only way I could escape Falcon .
tr	I	Alena mentally steeled herself and looked to Father leaning the against wall .
tr	I	Allie gasped and spread her legs , and he felt his 's body instant response .
tr	I	She headed Archer to 's place .
tr	O	He nodded , finished straightening the stained mess that was his uniform and made haste .
tr	I	There was no at give her wrist .
tr	O	He already had bipolar disorder , probably caused by the time travel , but she augmented his condition with drugs , and that caused his multiple personalities .
tr	O	It seemed like Jenna was staring right at Ali , really seeing her , but of course that was impossible .
tr	I	Horacio had been very to surprised hear about the black veil , as well as the large hall or opening where the Marines encountered the veil .
tr	I	He grabbed me from under my shoulder to steady me I so wouldn 't fall and we raced to the car .
tr	O	I 'd have to come out of my own thoughts more often .
tr	I	and politely took off hat his and laid it with his briefcase and umbrella on one of the front desks .
tr	O	The abomination absorbed it and began to grow its arm back .
tr	O	And that sound had been so wonderful , it had made her stomach quiver with excitement and her heart had melted slightly .
tr	I	Great , Harley , your clothes are mess a .
tr	O	' She 'll be worth a bit over in the ports .
tr	I	The pierced needle Gregori 's skin right above his heart .
tr	I	My childhood very was lonely .
tr	I	For almost hour an she had waited .
tr	I	Zoe glanced the at older man .
tr	O	Sheldon crossed his arms over his chest in a gesture Kelly had seen Ryan affect so many times .
tr	I	At least he didn 't on turn the siren .
tr	I	He 'd said he 'd brought here her for dinner , but she knew better .
tr	I	Andrea unfolded herself from her cramped position on the floor the of car .
tr	O	I feared again that it was Arron .
tr	I	He 'd convinced that himself the spark he felt whenever Cheyenne was around was no more than curiosity and sympathy for everything she 'd had to endure .
tr	I	My throat tight felt .
tr	I	He moved to Ty pass , but Ty stopped him with a hand on his chest .
tr	O	He thrust inside her , hard and fast .
tr	O	Either the days are a lot shorter here , or I 've lost track of time .
tr	I	Helen closed her and eyes crossed herself , then she pressed the accelerator to the floor .
tr	O	Friday I took Momma to the doctor , then drove fifteen more minutes to the big city of Mobile .
tr	I	I back headed home .
tr	O	Mrs. Weathers waited , as though she were hoping I 'd say more .
tr	I	Dean out squirmed of the scaly costume .
tr	O	I didn 't see her the same way as I had done three months ago .
tr	I	The only thing is that I 'd appreciate if we can be a little vague about where box the was .
tr	O	He reached into the refrigerator and pulled out a Pepsi .
tr	O	If she didn 't know what her father was like , he wasn 't going to elaborate on the man 's unethical business practices .
tr	I	Tori went back to the and crowd she and Stacy sat on the bleachers .
tr	I	She her rolled eyes .
tr	I	Veronica came from in the patio .
tr	I	I am Educator an , not a saint !
tr	O	Before she had time to think about who was behind the door , she threw the shovel , hitting the person square in the stomach .
tr	O	Eadie was uncomfortable in her Sunday dress and shoes ; it made her resentful .
tr	O	Five minutes later , Alexi entered the house .
tr	O	Playing to his feeling of superiority paid off as Vader nodded only slightly .
tr	I	Was this Ironwood another Flats ?
tr	O	It made no sense to be making new friends , or to have any friends at all .
tr	O	Marcus set a screen for our best shooter , Matt , that allowed him to get open at the three-point line .
tr	I	When she finished her brief visit , she and left turned her horse toward Tony 's house .
tr	O	Get excited about something for once instead of just worrying .
tr	I	I fought hard for my position , but was match no for the forces of nature .
tr	I	It was a rare moment , when instinct telling was him that Briar might be right this time .
tr	I	She carried me down the street and through the courtyard and the into dark of our house .
tr	I	I 'd never thought about that ; he how 'd put himself on the line because of my stupid bragging .
tr	O	Even if you didn 't ask for help , I should have known .
tr	I	I frown , feeling rage inside my chest hotter than a goddamn as wildfire I pick up on a vibe she 's trying to keep hidden .
tr	I	Where I will live ?
tr	O	Osh would have been happier with soup or some warm Kasha bread but there was nothing else .
tr	O	I could see Brock shouting orders through his headset and reloading , but I still couldn 't hear anything except ringing in my ears and explosions .
tr	I	I wrapped my arms around her , and cried she into my shoulder .
tr	I	Just don 't leave her any worse than you found ... her please . '
tr	I	Markman took best his shot .
tr	O	And you 'll get ... ' he looked at their trusting , open faces , ' ten dollars over Guild rate , how about that ? '
tr	O	Some families are like that .
tr	O	Then we became quiet and watched the falling raindrops hitting ground in front of us .
tr	I	She remembered him saying , You 're breaking my heart , and if wondered she could .
tr	I	To hug and him hit him .
tr	O	The man , s easy smile was almost dazzling .
tr	I	She had been so through much .
tr	I	Lee said stepping from behind Marlow coming into view the for first time and going over to look .
tr	I	' But what I can 't accept is this nonsense it that all somehow points to universal laws simply vanishing !
tr	I	It was a good few hours later and Claudia had disappeared Zach with , leaving me on the corner of their massive L-shaped couch with Aaron .
tr	I	She 't wouldn meet my eyes .
tr	O	It had happened this way , and so it must happen this way once more .
tr	I	He as sounded if he was holding in laughter .
tr	O	Gretchen stole a glance at the ledge she stood on .
tr	O	I want to argue , but am just too tired .
tr	I	Mela and the other elves seemed shocked but were dressed not for battle .
tr	O	The Between is full of nothing , or so I was led to believe .
tr	O	He would go to her , check on her , find a way to protect her from future Hunter attacks , and then he would leave her .
tr	I	The guests would also come lots with of warning .
tr	O	When Sage was sure the horse would be well tended , he went into the big house with Juanita .
tr	O	He was a thin man with black hair he kept slicked back .
tr	I	He told me when to lie on my stomach and when turn to over .
tr	O	The next morning , the women ate a gigantic breakfast in the hotel .
tr	O	She drained the last few drops and handed Annie the glass .
tr	I	Once they were adults , were gentry extremely healthy and hard to kill .
tr	O	Why did she have to be so stubborn ?
tr	O	Gemma got up and walked away without looking back .
tr	O	A lucky day shouldn 't go to waste .
tr	I	Chicago was near and Kate my parents .
tr	I	His was smile contagious , and everything that he and Chris said to each other was a riot .
tr	I	It included a bird and book a pair of binoculars .
tr	O	Overnight , productivity jumped 20 percent .
tr	O	He brushed his hands over the dummy 's hip .
tr	I	Smiling , she him saw in his normal spot , talking with someone .
tr	I	The talking stopped , and the soldiers all rose to their turn glance at the lieutenant .
tr	O	We must strengthen the souls of the ones who chose to remain in heaven while those they love are cast into the darkness .
tr	I	He picturing was her lying beneath him , a moan of pleasure escaping her lips as he slowly sank himself deep inside her slick folds .
tr	I	How dare this privileged rich question girl my story ?
tr	O	To do that , she had to admit she owed him a debt of gratitude .
tr	I	I thought I prepared myself to see her a in swim suit .
tr	I	But you can help with and lunch dinner .
tr	O	She kept her hackles raised , ready to bite .
tr	I	Darkness threatened take to him again .
tr	I	It is possible that Nicholas remains alive only because Calliope believes he is the key to you controlling .
tr	O	Shimmer kept nudging the crystal with her muzzle .
tr	I	From his pocket he drew a small box and it set on the counter in front of her .
tr	O	Now that we 've met you , Charlotte , we 're glad he waited so long .
tr	O	I stand , already uncomfortable with where this conversation is going .
tr	I	The palatial Hancock Park home that Heather and husband her , Barry , had recently moved into was a foreclosure .
tr	O	My mother looked between us both , a confused smile on her lips and then she introduced herself to Paul , pushing her kids from her mind .
tr	I	Yep , was I definitely screwed .
tr	O	She had very little time before she had to return to the motel .
tr	I	She rose , and they rose her with .
tr	O	Chris 's face was drawn tight with worry , Melissa looked aggravated .
tr	O	But all thoughts eventually came back to Mr. Worley , a client who had not been protected by his lawyer .
tr	O	In doing so , he pushed his fingers into the sensitive cleft , nudging one in particular more intimately against her .
tr	O	The whole thing was over before McCoy even thought to hit his brakes .
tr	I	His random coincidence , finding six frozen in people the middle of nowhere in space ?
tr	I	Iona lightly his rubbed stomach .
tr	I	My aim isn 't quite on and he lands half in and half out the of shallow grave .
tr	O	I wondered what Jessie would be doing today and when I would have time to pick up dog poop again .
tr	I	Her fingers sank the into grass , her nails covered in dirt .
tr	I	He could feel her tremble in arms his .
tr	O	But I can 't fly off the handle .
tr	O	Madeline 's grip on her arm tightened .
tr	I	Have you forgotten that I told you I 'd get to you when I get you to ?
tr	O	A whoosh behind her signalled the arrival of her coach .
tr	I	CHAPTER FOURTEEN I WILL meeting be with people who may help .
tr	O	She finished her water and turned away .
tr	I	Both boys reached for the leash , I so added .
tr	I	The answer to is that George Washington .
tr	I	Then , I realized he using was a more generalized term .
tr	I	I felt her against breath my skin and it made me shiver .
tr	I	Phoebe and waited then they hurried across the street .
tr	I	Beside her was Marjorie smiling as just broadly as her mother .
tr	O	Logan 's chest rumbles against me as though he were going to say something , but doesn 't .
tr	I	I felt her will up shove against mine , just as I 'd grappled with the demons .
tr	I	He them moved both to the top of the bed , her head hitting the pillows .
tr	O	Stan hung up and sat there .
tr	I	He can only change into a wolf , and his eyes glow , and he can make all the sounds a does wolf .
tr	I	When her body was satisfied and replete , he lifted head his , his smug smile of satisfaction rising over her .
tr	I	A group of men , obviously muscle hired , waited for us at the bottom .
tr	I	Christopher came in close to Jared 's face , his hands on shoulders his .
tr	O	His wings folded into his back , arcing over his shoulders .
tr	O	And talk to her nice .
tr	O	Another look at the digital clock display pulled Mike away from his daydream .
tr	I	Yet he not would go to his death a coward .
tr	I	' We will ride the through Northern Pass and make directly for Ancora . '
tr	I	We need to make camp a .
tr	O	The gates opened up letting the two men inside .
tr	I	Something he himself found doing constantly .
tr	O	He knows we 're still together .
tr	O	Right after we sunk your yacht .
tr	O	Slowly , she released her hand from his .
tr	I	Bare doors without handles faced a level pad the running length of a loading zone .
tr	O	She bit her lip as if trying to figure out what to say .
tr	I	Barely hours after James Wood 's body had been found in the roses , I 'd seen Nancy flirting with the kid reception in .
tr	O	His voice was pleading now , and the man himself cut such a pathetic figure that Ezio could hardly bridle his contempt .
tr	O	I believe the man you 're looking for has reason to hate his victims and feels justified in violence .
tr	I	One over lifted the truck and landed on the turret .
tr	O	They hit another pothole .
tr	O	She smiled to herself , pleading silently that it would work , and then lifted the orb high in the air .
tr	I	Marcus was in one every of the first batch .
tr	I	Nobody 's nightmare left on this floor hers but .
tr	I	The odds are they that 're not .
tr	O	You should have seen the scarf she tried to knit .
tr	I	Let me just say this , because it isn 't easy , and I don 't know that can I - right .
tr	O	Now we are savage terrorists .
tr	I	Stu thought it about .
tr	I	At the bottom the of hill was a small bridge over the river .
tr	O	Kylie opened her hands and its wings spread .
tr	O	Misty emerged into the basement , blinking at full afternoon sunlight .
tr	O	It was already in my phone , just where Duncan had left it .
tr	O	The woman glared at her .
tr	I	I 've never heard of it , and I can 't find any of record it .
tr	I	I couldn 't see face his .
tr	O	He 'd also have to avoid any internal CCTV , and manage to sneak into the car park without being seen .
tr	I	Something seemed to behind break Ryan 's eyes .
tr	I	She looked beautiful in a forest green wool dress with black boots and black a cape .
tr	O	I 'm gon na walk around some .
tr	O	For some women , this brings immense pain to the lower back .
tr	O	That seemed to strike him funny .
tr	O	' Thank you , ' Jill said as she handed Love the tray .
tr	I	It as was if he wanted to push her away , and she realized with a start , that he did .
tr	I	She couldn talk 't , but could make sounds , and as time went on , the family all knew what each sound meant .
tr	I	Maybe Nora would have her cleaning pots chamber .
tr	I	Is Chairman it Meow ?
tr	I	At least I hope wouldn she 't .
tr	O	Beautiful ... And as we cross the drawbridge , I 'm staring at her in growing disbelief .
tr	O	While they ate , they discussed their plans for recovering the horses .
tr	O	I felt completely overtaken .
tr	I	Giving her blood weakened had him further .
tr	I	Maybe Orrin been had right about the smell .
tr	O	The heat from his hand only added to the erotic miracle he was giving her .
tr	O	She tells me she wants to become a servant here .
tr	O	I stared into my coffee .
tr	O	He smiled broadly , this he saw every day .
tr	O	Still Wren didn 't look at her .
tr	I	The Ringer does the same with hoodie his .
tr	I	She has be to safe .
tr	O	Instead , it walked in the shadows and like a shyster impeded the reparation of scars of both mind and soul .
tr	O	Soon they were able to feel it within their own bodies .
tr	I	All of them dressed were in dark clothes , so it was difficult to see them if you didn 't know they were there .
tr	I	This wasn 't something that might only last a few days or weeks before people caught on the that wrong girl was at the Preserve .
tr	O	I nodded frantically , but he 'd turned away .
tr	I	It was as though all the creatures that lodged there sleeping were , or , if that was not the case , non-existent at all .
tr	O	I love you so much it scares me and I didn 't know how to deal with it .
tr	I	' Would you with stay the ship ? '
tr	O	It 's been a while since I 've had someone to share my memories with .
tr	I	Stay there , but stay to connected me , Shea .
tr	O	Miss Wilkinson says it doesn 't work ? '
tr	I	He swept up the pieces , with along the crumpled piece of paper with the werewolf 's cell phone number and threw it all in the trash .
tr	I	I laugh myself to ; I should have known that was going to happen .
tr	I	Sampson looked at sternly him .
tr	O	For a moment , I saw Micah 's point about getting rid of them all .
tr	I	The third symbol up lit , and the stones fell back to the ground with a flat smack , forming a triangle .
tr	I	His caressed knuckles her cheek .
tr	O	With another bow , Gianni returned to the fortress .
tr	I	Chapter 17 Violet ' my Oh God , I think I 'm going to die . '
tr	I	Postal boxes were torn off their concrete platforms , becoming another hazard for and motorists pedestrians alike .
tr	I	I cry tears over the picture Wendy of which I procured from the bedside table .
tr	I	While Sean was busy with his task , removed McDuff a collection of rifles and pistols from the bag .
tr	I	I moved my hand slowly toward the object and this didn time 't feel anything .
tr	I	While he might not win any bodybuilding contests , Cameron Rafferty was -- none bar -- a very sexy guy .
tr	I	I knew she was curious as to what had I to tell her that I didn 't want Luke to hear .
tr	I	And the sound of his Noise ain happy 't at all .
tr	I	There were so many things he 't didn know how to do , things that Gabby made seem easy .
tr	O	It had all been a misunderstanding .
tr	I	One eyebrow arched in challenge sceptical .
tr	I	The grass was here tall , and Briar ran below its waving surface , directed only by the sight of Barret 's boots ahead of him .
tr	I	All characters in appearing this work are fictitious .
tr	O	The Shaman stopped his pacing back and forth and withdrew backwards into the forest slowly towards Rachel .
tr	O	She wiped the fog off the mirror when she was done and breathed out a long breath of relief .
tr	O	I shivered quietly in the stream as the demon continued its scan .
tr	O	Obviously there 's something we don 't understand about him .
tr	O	There was no one else .
tr	I	There 's a locker out there , number 12 , with combat gear in that it should fit you nicely .
tr	I	Their in house Cyprus was full of packing cases , some of which were to return to the UK by sea , the others by airfreight .
tr	I	As she too gazed in direction that something made Amy think of the sea .
tr	I	He slid his hand over my neck around and my shirt collar , pulling it down my arms , drawing his hands over my skin .
tr	I	No more swaying back and forth on what could happened 've to her .
tr	O	The moment I knew I felt nothing anymore was when we got off the bus to the hotel and all those fans were outside .
tr	I	I they wish would turn away and go back to their own homes !
tr	I	When Bob had come home to Cedar Cove , they completely 'd avoided each other .
tr	I	Gabriel knows all right the people . '
tr	O	From his tongue , fire ignited through him , stoking renewed strength into his limbs , narrowing his vision to a pinpoint .
tr	I	I normally would have my assistant do something about it .
tr	I	How could anyone not seen be here ?
tr	I	She wanted to ask his forgiveness for allowing this to happen , but light the that was Shea was already positioning herself over Raven .
tr	I	I sidestepped that smoothly rather .
tr	I	The stood dog on all fours and shook his whole body .
tr	I	Skyla reaches down and helps wiggle them off , her eyes never breaking gaze their with mine .
tr	O	I keep my face way down as I drink it .
tr	O	So he basically just sat in his apartment and drank .
tr	O	We are on the way .
tr	I	But I found myself standing , looking at city the .
tr	I	She needed me and I wasn going 't to walk away again .
tr	O	Michelle , frantic , raced up to the door of the house and hammered away with her fist .
tr	I	Haven stared into his eyes for a long moment , and she feel could that connective pull growing stronger with each passing second .
tr	O	I asked before I could stop myself .
tr	O	Lily glanced down at her leg .
tr	O	' I would never kill myself in a city .
tr	I	She finally came to senses her .
tr	I	Only his death had Nox saved from elimination .
tr	I	His main problem was his breathing machine , a heavy metal unit the of size a VCR .
tr	O	Just about the time both Charlie and Delta members began to worry about re-supply , the invasion suddenly stopped .
tr	I	They stretched from horizon to like horizon some strange ballroom floor .
tr	I	At first that encounter the kid had resembled a walking corpse .
tr	O	Not a hair out of place , not a whisper of motion .
tr	O	She had done her part .
tr	O	I still had my right hand on the gun in my coat pocket .
tr	O	The first comment was from Charlotte : A game ?
tr	O	Suddenly I 'm Dear Abby .
tr	O	He was about to pronounce the summary of his thoughts on the matter , but John spoke first .
tr	O	We feed them , water them , blow out the brine , and replace valves .
tr	O	His gut knotted and his skin heated in a way that had nothing to do with manual labor and everything to do with desire .
tr	O	A few moments later , the attendant opened one of the doors and stepped into her room .
tr	O	The sheet fell off her nude form as she approached .
tr	O	With time to plan , he would never have jeopardized his mission with an unnecessary killing , nor approached with his disguise marred with a suspicious stain .
tr	O	I was even more surprised when she answered on the first ring .
tr	I	Without his cap and facial hair it was now very obvious that was he no policeman .
tr	I	She 'd fallen asleep for a little , but woken had a while ago .
tr	I	This she time trod heavily on his hand .
tr	I	No choirs of angels over sang his shoulder .
tr	O	Was this part of my punishment ?
tr	I	For him was it a matter of principal and reputation .
tr	I	I gasped a and little Victor 's head turned to look at me .
tr	I	Liza herself found released .
tr	O	He was amazed and mystified .
tr	O	Lodge thought for a moment .
tr	O	He took another big gulp of his drink .
tr	I	I turn in time to see Logan speed through the door with his shoulders back and a off pissed look galvanized on his face .
tr	I	' We can hide 't in any of these rooms . '
tr	O	These creatures bathe in moonlight , dark creatures of the night .
tr	I	She was tired so of tears .
tr	I	It still was empty .
tr	I	He and shuddered continued walking .
tr	I	Now , have I to go .
tr	O	It was an incredible feeling , using that ribbon without losing my sense of self-awareness .
tr	I	People out on the must fringes not like authority .
tr	I	He vaguely recalled tearing out of the racetrack parking lot after he placed professor the 's wager , with the SUV right behind .
tr	I	I raised one eyebrow , but didn I 't have time to accompany the gesture with words .
tr	I	But for the city , it might well as as be as large as a football field .
tr	O	Why didn 't I tell him the truth ?
tr	O	He would have to enjoy the quality time while still remaining alert .
tr	I	I 'm as to much blame as you are .
tr	I	Some of the birds would be released back into the wild , but there were a few that would never be able leave to the sanctuary .
tr	I	He was marked by each them of .
tr	I	It was so dark she could no longer see the surface of water the .
tr	O	Five minutes till ten .
tr	O	It is the only thing worthwhile to fight for in this life .
tr	I	The severed fell planks into the sea .
tr	O	Her eyes glowed as bright as a furnace .
tr	O	A beat went , and the bag was punched , another beat went and it was dodged , she punched and dodged according to the music .
tr	I	I wasn 't enough big to bash out his brains .
tr	I	Even it if broke me .
tr	O	He made her tea , poured himself a whisky and determined that he was going to rectify the situation as he walked back to the couch .
tr	O	When you 're done , take these birds and my bow back and make a fire .
tr	I	I could anything do , even defeat this being , I believed it and so it was real .
tr	O	Her hand is lying on his arm , when she throws back her head for a hearty laugh .
tr	O	The sky still boasted stars and moon , but a faint essence of lighter blue could be seen in the east .
tr	I	I blink away the memory forgotten .
tr	I	He smiled but the smile didn 't quite his reach eyes .
tr	I	They against slumped a boulder .
tr	I	It cleared out shortly dark after .
tr	O	Michelle recognized her from high school .
tr	O	Rage swept through her .
tr	I	Rhona 's eyes and narrowed she shoved him back from the carcass .
tr	I	Elena touched the pad of her thumb the to tip of one fang , gasped as the contact , slight as it was , drew blood .
tr	O	A woman 's question from the next aisle distracted Burton .
tr	O	Metal wheels like old movie cameras spun .
tr	O	She scanned the immediate faces and there was only one that would fit the bill .
tr	I	I for fight the future .
tr	I	Fabian doesn like 't Lyla .
tr	O	She 'd stop and it would be over .
tr	O	It was a really hot day so we were sitting in the shade of this tree half buried by the shifting sand .
tr	I	Jimmy watched his best closely friend for several seconds as she stared into the fire .
tr	O	She smiled with one eyebrow slightly raised .
tr	O	The bible doesn 't explicitly state what happens to them .
tr	I	I I guess needed to tell someone .
tr	O	I need you , I want you , and it dawned on me a few days ago that I 'm in love with you .
tr	O	He reached a hand to settle it , then crossed to where a bucket rested under a hand pump .
tr	O	The patient was very much awake and he stared at me with abhorrence .
tr	O	Days turned into weeks , into years .
tr	I	Her lungs , now pressed to their limit , for screamed her to stop , if only for a few breaths , just a few breaths .
tr	O	And when Aiden kissed me , I 'd always felt so many emotions I was dizzy from them .
tr	O	The whole universe of Rome 's Revolution has taken on a life of its own and creates its own ideas .
tr	O	That 's how I 've noticed Meredith deals with her .
tr	O	She was doing it for all the girls that couldn 't or wouldn 't stand up for themselves .
tr	I	Then she put on the jeans that showed her figure most to and advantage refreshed her make-up .
tr	I	She had thought she that and Lord Marcum were alone in the salon .
tr	I	They burst from fire the escape door on the street side and saw Neil 's SUV a hundred feet up the street .
tr	I	Melissa had asked for toy the box .
tr	O	But the oracle held up her hands in a placating gesture , claws glinting the moonlight .
tr	I	Hector 's elegant script scrolled to the very last page , even mid-way covering down the backside .
tr	I	Even a small amount of blood vampire consumed may require the consumption of quite a lot of holy water .
tr	I	She didn 't want to know who experience the was with because it didn 't matter .
tr	O	I shook my head .
tr	O	We both had spoken the same words and had the same urgency in our voices .
tr	O	They were clothed in simple black suits and a silver belt encrusted with a black stone .
tr	I	I felt tears prick the back of my eyes and pushed I them away .
tr	O	Brian sighed and relaxed .
tr	I	He offered a hand to Tucker help up .
tr	O	At least Mrs. Walker 's paranoid fantasies weren 't specific .
tr	O	I 'll soon be gone and you won 't see me again , for real this time .
tr	I	But her had mum a natural talent for making a bad situation worse .
tr	I	But having been alone for the first time since agreeing to leave with these men , became she dreadfully overwhelmed .
tr	I	Where the hell was this from coming ?
tr	I	Beyond the downs , a few young seagulls are circling the above rippling sea .
tr	I	He finally arrived half after an hour of driving .
tr	O	Like the operator and the patrol the previous night he was used to hoaxes and people trying it on .
tr	O	He could be there and back in less than ten minutes .
tr	O	Don 't you get it ?
tr	O	He was a handsome college student who 'd become obsessed .
tr	I	As he over stepped the girl and back into the apartment , Theresa 's eyes fluttered , and she looked at Claire .
tr	O	She didn 't even think about the way she 'd snuck out of the palace two nights ago .
tr	I	This time , the came nausea on more strongly .
tr	O	It had never occurred to him that they might date from time to time .
tr	O	By the time I hear the light tap at the door , I am ready .
tr	I	I didn 't have time to hunt them all down for individually dispatch .
tr	O	To fully pull them out of the spell , you must give them a reason to come back .
tr	O	but she had known better .
tr	I	Finally ridding herself of the bad taste she took a long drink , and he found himself mesmerized by the way her throat worked she as swallowed .
tr	O	Nine years of habitual deference glued her eyes to the floor and she began to shuffle back .
tr	I	It never entered her head to question why that task had fallen to and Karla not the woman 's husband .
tr	O	After a few moments of silence , Payton gave her decision .
tr	I	She went to door the .
tr	I	In order to our hide youngest brothers ' involvement in underage drinking , Gavin and Jack stand in front of West and Ethan .
tr	I	She has no idea how those true words are for me right now .
tr	I	She pushed against his bare chest and clambered out of bed the , her bare body accented by the moons ' light .
tr	I	Lisa found herself nodding , rapidly blinking .
tr	I	The last word on the long very and complicated scroll of their contract glowed lightly as it was burned onto the page .
tr	O	Darkness was falling as they pursued her through the woods .
tr	O	Give Jolene a chance .
tr	I	Finally I gave up and him let in .
tr	O	Heather discreetly nursed her baby while they ate ; Betty 's child seemed to just keep eating , which pleased their host greatly .
tr	I	The rings on his fingers were enormous , and one of his was ears pierced at least 10 times .
tr	I	Arthur stood up greet to him .
tr	O	Half his face was burned and bubbling where he must have been sprayed with iron powder or rock salt .
tr	O	She stood , taking Flaherty 's hands and pulling him out of his chair .
tr	O	Our hopes are that they 'll investigate your stand-in , and come to the conclusion that you are not the one they seek .
tr	I	No problem all at .
tr	O	Couldn 't he have made awkward jokes like normal guys ?
tr	O	He turned the Taser on him .
tr	I	She didn 't to need write it down .
tr	O	His eyes made me think of retrievers .
tr	I	She 's very good that at sort of thing .
tr	O	In a trailer park next to the airport .
tr	O	He looked gorgeous even if he had sorrows , but she preferred to see him in a good mood .
tr	O	The leopard padded forward until it was within several feet of its prey before it froze in position , sinking to the carpet in a low crouch .
tr	O	Joni gnawed the inside of her lip .
tr	I	I smile the first real all smile day long .
tr	O	Finally , he placed the rolled one down as a pillow .
tr	I	But six months ago , would Kylie have sworn that Sara would never find herself pregnant , either .
tr	I	Lodging in the heart of the volcano , knocking him his off feet .
tr	I	When she to tried stand , he grasped the hem of her skirt .
tr	O	We listened to more acts , and Chase took us over to the VIP tent to introduce us to some of the other bands .
tr	I	Other shouts mingled with the hammering of Zane 's heart in ears his .
tr	O	As I thought this through , Victor gave the waiter a hundred dollar bill and then we waited for him to return with the change .
tr	I	He had been twenty-three old years , and he 'd won a fight in a bar when Devil offered him a place in the club .
tr	I	The look his in eyes was intense .
tr	O	As we got closer , however , I realized that the thumping bass was some trendy pop band .
tr	O	They seem to spark easier this time .
tr	I	I remembered Robin as being weedy thin when he 'd lived my in mother 's townhouse .
tr	O	They fired at the Skoda .
tr	I	He does look not like her .
tr	I	You 't haven been for weeks .
tr	O	She had never made it past this part of a relationship , and frankly , it terrified her straight out of her wits .
tr	I	They were a fit perfect .
tr	I	Kevin bolted upright her beside .
tr	I	He finally turned and again charged at the pirate .
tr	I	-- be could worse I guess , could be in Cleveland .
tr	I	I lowered him to the floor leaned and him against the wall opposite the skulls .
tr	O	As the door shut behind me , I heard our answering machine click off .
tr	I	After thought , he unhooked his sword from his belt and left at it the bottom of the hut 's steps .
tr	I	She nodded and took a deep breath before readying herself for the rest the of story .
tr	I	I 've them got all ready .
tr	O	He spun round to the back of Billy , too quick to counteract .
tr	I	WARNING : Some or all of The List will appear in the novel , The Bitcoin Detective updated when .
tr	O	How am I going to get to work tomorrow ?
tr	O	The man , he come down hard on such words !
tr	O	I 'm sure he 'll never forgive me for lying and being so deceitful , but I really did have good intentions .
tr	O	Nadine made sure the car doors were locked .
tr	I	There nothing was she could do .
tr	O	This morning , she decided to catch a cab .
tr	I	She rolled eyes her and huffed out a breath .
tr	O	I got up and sat at my desk , turning on my computer .
tr	O	The door was opened for her and she climbed back inside -- her face a mask , hard to read .
tr	O	I won 't be able to join after all .
tr	O	I looked down into my glass and swirled around the golden liquor , contemplating another sip .
tr	I	I pluck bits pieces and of leaves out of my hair and then comb the dirt out with my fingers .
tr	I	That was definitely a I sight would 've liked to see .
tr	I	But if you had to be pressured into anything having Dylan Talbot the do pressing certainly made it easier .
tr	O	She heard the creak of leather , and then Michael was on one knee next to the chair .
tr	O	She needed more time .
tr	I	Her grip tightened on her spoon unused .
tr	I	He would enjoy every second single .
tr	I	Sasha stopped to think about what said he .
tr	I	I heard Jude 's footsteps approaching , I but wasn 't ready for him .
tr	O	Vicki , come out to me .
tr	I	She him handed one .
tr	O	Guilt almost smothered Savannah at the thought .
tr	I	His hands moved her over head .
tr	I	It took her like that , watching my hands fondling her as I took her slowly , standing up and braced against bathroom the sink .
tr	I	How had long it curled up here , protecting its rusting junk ?
tr	I	She stepped away farther .
tr	I	Case seldom looked in mirror a and when he did it wasn 't for long .
tr	O	The nagging sense of doom grew stronger as she reached her destination .
tr	I	And what sort of a girl sleeps with a a guy second time after he treats her like shit ?
tr	O	Tavi shook his head .
tr	O	He shook his head .
tr	I	I 'm and cold vicious .
tr	I	He hit play and heard Goddard Effie 's distinctive and girlish voice , speaking across time to him from 1964 .
tr	I	His break eyes my heart .
tr	O	My mouth opens and closes , but not words come out .
tr	O	My face booms as I walk all around the house , the first floor .
tr	I	He had never called her the in evening before .
tr	O	They stared at the black strips of cloth around our arms .
tr	O	Troy couldn 't blame her family .
tr	I	Friday right asks after .
tr	I	At two hundred and ninety pounds thousand . '
tr	I	She said she put a flag on Bitcoin the stuff for you and tasked her computers to do relative matches .
tr	I	I dig my heels in the ground realizing that if they get me where want they me , I might never leave here alive .
tr	O	They 'd done that , but when Kate was ready to get out , Mitchell said he was going to swim a little longer for some exercise .
tr	I	It took days me to nail that wallpaper on properly .
tr	O	He held the door with an arm above her head .
tr	O	I felt warmth on my face , and a prickling along the edges of my hairline and under my arms .
tr	O	I needed to shut down the rush of images .
tr	I	He pulled out a match and lit the cigar , the ghost of a smile on mouth his .
tr	O	Daniel studied the dots and dashes .
tr	O	He cupped the rounded flesh , and his finger teased the nipple until it beaded and swelled against his palm .
tr	I	Chapter My 6 eyes were close to swelling shut .
tr	I	He paused , seeing the flare of fear her in eyes .
tr	O	I don 't trust you .
tr	I	Do not him let out of your sight .
tr	O	FOURTEEN Max walked into the hospital room a few minutes after I texted him .
tr	O	Tears streamed down his face .
tr	I	I paced around the parking forever lot , planning exactly what to say to you .
tr	O	Second option would be to throw up the coin of tit for tat .
tr	I	Except that this crystal was cut with long crimson slashes on arms legs and .
tr	O	He crossed the room and pulled her into an embrace .
tr	O	The girl glanced up at Mattie and smiled shyly before her mother ushered her into a stall .
tr	I	Since have when I been concerned about being politically correct ?
tr	O	Who the hell was this ?
tr	O	Zane took one more step , trying to crowd him into retreating toward the wall or the bed .
tr	O	I felt him pushing against the mouth of my womb as the tension built in my channel and I tightened against him .
tr	I	She crossed the to dresser with her letters and saw the tortoiseshell comb Nick had given her .
tr	O	We all had our own lives .
tr	I	Oriole continued to press for answers Fred while took notes .
tr	I	She traded a nod with the security kid hooked and a thumb back at me .
tr	I	There were of three these , slender shafts about seven feet long , but not larger than her thumb .
tr	I	Clearly , it defective was .
tr	O	The unique colors of the tails twinkled in the sunlight like a rainbow .
tr	I	I 'm winded so I stop moving .
tr	O	And my dad still talks about my mom like she 's around .
tr	O	I am multi-ethnic , and am drawn to people of different cultural backgrounds .
tr	O	I was willing to bet her family was used to living on tiptoe , perhaps even quite unaware they were doing so .
tr	I	When they were both on the floor , they did high fives and each hugged other lightly for their success .
tr	I	She would certainly enhance the rather disappointing selection of humans was he currently examining .
tr	O	Robin went with me , once I 'd explained the circumstances to him .
tr	O	Vee was shouting at me , but it came from far away , an underwater sound .
tr	O	How could we not have noticed ?
tr	I	She snapped out of it reached and for the butter .
tr	O	We are both quiet awhile , lost in our own separate thoughts .
tr	I	What jerk a I had been to her .
tr	I	The 's captain inaction would be the death of all of them .
tr	O	And it didn 't take much contemplation to figure out who had assisted in his escape .
tr	I	It just so smelled good .
tr	I	I hope 'll you go with us .
tr	I	The guy pale was , but not fighting .
tr	O	And don 't bother EVER coming back .
tr	I	Or who I knew think .
tr	I	She nodded and followed him from house the .
tr	O	But Gold replied even before she actually saw the gun ... After some hesitation Selena picked up the revolver .
tr	O	She didn 't have to say anything .
tr	I	Over time the usefulness of thinking about being Myriam with , of smelling her hair and touching her freckles , grew less .
tr	I	She held it out Jack to .
tr	I	I think Weldon wanted as little small talk and chitchat as possible appearing without rude .
tr	I	Asking outright was likely to shatter whatever tentative peace we created 'd between us , but another question popped into my mind .
tr	O	But he finished on time from a prestigious school .
tr	O	I went along with everything my dad said .
tr	I	Barely an adult and being thrust a into situation like that .
tr	O	She said nothing , but I knew that she worried if I didn 't make any money , she wouldn 't either .
tr	I	On either side of him the refugees were going in out and of the city .
tr	O	I released her and she shoved at me hard .
tr	I	One of those that being he wasn 't interested in me , but there 's no point in telling you that .
tr	I	He liked glasses the .
tr	O	Barrett smirked at me , and I felt weary already .
tr	I	He crept along the front wall and put ear his on the space between the door and the wall .
tr	O	Air flowed into her lungs all of a sudden , just as the lovely surroundings registered in her appreciation centers .
tr	I	Ronald Colman was holding an Oscar and talking A about Double Life .
tr	I	He a was Feline .
tr	I	Fifty down feet the ally beside the cafe that was previously mentioned , Peter popped into existence and caught the falling coin .
tr	I	He knew now who the culprit was , as did others the .
tr	O	This was a brothel , after all .
tr	I	I am almost there when lurch I to a stop in front of a dank alley filled with scuffling noises and pain .
tr	O	In a flash , the witch slammed Celaena back down into the carpet .
tr	I	Confused , the widened mourners the circle around the grave but did not scatter .
tr	O	Kimbra 's voice had a tint of hope in it , but more of wonder and adventure .
tr	O	Death seemed inescapable now ; the scent , the sight and the sad acceptance that it was coming to claim them , one and all .
tr	I	He had picked the boat which he was to going steal and he needed to go now if he were to keep the boys within his reach .
tr	O	She knew it was true .
tr	O	She cut that train of thought off short .
tr	O	A oneness with the other beings inhabiting this earth .
tr	I	I knew it was a dream , but she so felt good .
tr	O	I lower my voice to an angry growl .
tr	O	Right now , he had enough on his mind with Lexie and Claire .
tr	O	I let him , went back upstairs , and called my answering service .
tr	I	Better yet , you can call him from the provincial office ?
tr	I	Bryony snatched the from Key Edwin .
tr	I	The streets were not as bad as 'd he expected ; some were ruined , looking as if someone had taken a carving knife to it .
tr	I	She had to know that Elle didn 't care for her , even though she had been on her best behavior as late of .
tr	O	It was with great sorrow that the doctor confirmed Francis Tyler 's death .
tr	I	On the hand other , who does ?
tr	I	Charlie up picked a couple of cookies and thanked Phoebe .
tr	I	He it means , even if I am not going to say it back .
tr	O	We started walking to my office and Samira was very chatty with me .
tr	I	It is imperative we that sort it out , but it would be awful if a rumor got started .
tr	O	She then thought she looked like a nice school teacher .
tr	O	I wish she didn 't love Gage so damn much either .
tr	O	Beside her , Mage nodded in agreement .
tr	I	With his answer , she felt her whole world begin to topple like row a of dominoes .
tr	O	Madeline let out a little note of protest , then adjusted the glasses and stared into the mirror .
tr	I	I don 't do marriage babies and .
tr	I	We are going back now , the up stream .
tr	I	I rode over to that group of trees watched and a black pickup truck stop and a guy got out .
tr	I	She sat quietly in the back seat as we back drove to Salinas .
tr	O	I find Doyle in the kitchen working on a cup of coffee .
tr	I	Ben shook head his .
tr	I	I to moved the other side and tugged .
tr	I	Donovan was now more curious annoyed than .
tr	I	A small bell on rope a rang , disturbing the quiet space of their conversation .
tr	O	Neither have I ... what did I think would happen once I got the medicine ?
tr	I	She knew I loved her , just as she suspected 'd .
tr	I	I don 't want any unrestrained creativity about alternatives up cropping .
tr	I	Lillian made it clear that she didn 't me want meeting him alone .
tr	I	Let myself fall hard and fast and everything in my was body screaming to keep going .
tr	I	What were thinking you ?
tr	I	Winston returned to front the of the workshop .
tr	O	She wasn 't dead .
tr	I	When they looked carefully at the one in Milan they found it was fake a .
tr	O	She heard a tortured growl .
tr	O	Victor said with a wry twist of the mouth .
tr	O	But we 've all heard stories .
tr	O	Sandra ran after him .
tr	I	I can see what you doing 're .
tr	O	How big would it be at close quarters ?
tr	I	I at stared my little friend .
tr	I	Filing , making the coffee , getting the manager 's sandwich for his lunch -- that sort thing of .
tr	I	Amara him clutched back , feeling the warmth and strength of him against her .
tr	O	Her expression said this morning 's interviews were the most boring event on her agenda .
tr	I	Quietly she made her way the to clearing .
tr	I	He turned leave to the room when the kitchen wall phone rang .
tr	O	He nodded to the DJ , and the music started up .
tr	O	His affection would embarrass David in front of Samantha .
tr	O	She explained that she and the citizens were the ruling power of the earth and nothing could stop them .
tr	I	His long fingers skimmed around her neck a in near intimate caress .
tr	O	Eye on the prize -- he was leaving soon .
tr	I	And 't wasn it ?
tr	O	It wasn 't likely that Kell would let himself be seen , but she didn 't want to take any chances .
tr	O	They didn 't want to be left out , but they didn 't want to be a burden either .
tr	I	Janet rolled on the ground avoid to his dead weight .
tr	I	Need grabbed him at the of base the throat and squeezed .
tr	I	Michael smiled weakly but maintained silence his .
tr	I	The word croaked was .
tr	I	While everyone had been happy to her ignore argument with Josh before , now she was gathering stares .
tr	I	How I am alive in all this ?
tr	I	A magnificent black unicorn gazed them at .
tr	O	He drove smoothly out of the parking garage and turned the corner .
tr	I	He took two steps more .
tr	I	The last thing wanted he now was to upset her after all he did like the girl very much .
tr	I	As I did , the pillow was yanked out from my under head and shoved over my face .
tr	O	They were all alone in the room .
tr	I	If you would like to share book this with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each reader .
tr	O	There are three intruders behind her , and I 'm behind them .
tr	I	Lili calmly placed her hands on her hips , belying the inner turmoil I knew inside raged her .
tr	O	The volunteers had been handpicked for their probability to succeed .
tr	I	Filled with nervous energy , he began to run , darting around the trees his in path , vaulting over fallen logs .
tr	I	The brooding look his gripping face deepened .
tr	I	He would in break .
tr	I	' And no sign of it any getting shorter . '
tr	O	It had the biggest Christmas wreath of all , and the front window sparkled with tiny white lights .
tr	O	He jerked his head toward it .
tr	O	I take a deep breath and turn back to the garage .
tr	I	We have now taken their greater knowledge and made it our own , this knowledge is greater than we have ever possessed or dreamed .
tr	I	I was very about worried her .
tr	O	But every once in a while she says things in passing that I want to remember .
tr	O	She simply accepted it as one more strange mystery to add to the pile .
tr	I	I passed Frost on the ground , where sat Doyle holding his wound .
tr	O	I 'll be close and visit a lot .
tr	O	I had nothing to say to that .
tr	I	Then , when God created another angel and another , the deepened jealousy and the jealousy turned to hatred .
tr	O	She looked down at his small and frail body and inspected the markings and stickers adorning his scalp .
tr	I	Wear marks cut a path along beige the runner .
tr	I	He didn 't carry the respect of his peers , just of that his blind followers .
tr	I	The upshot was the same : I was of tired his bullshit .
tr	O	She would not let her father down by dissolving into a weepy mess .
tr	I	If she 'd any had money , that is .
tr	O	You can take a Lady out of the castle , but not the castle out of the Lady .
tr	O	Maybe she did have something useful to teach me , but I had no evidence that she 'd actually try to be helpful .
tr	O	The two riders who had gone upstream returned to where Michael had entered the water .
tr	I	In what capacity , they hadn 't discussed yet .
tr	O	He 's in charge of everything and everyone here , and you do what he says , when he says it .
tr	I	You haven 't taken those training wheels yet off ?
tr	I	He hear could more clearly the sound of someone lightly sobbing .
tr	O	We didn 't want to ruin anything .
tr	O	She looked like my Kimmy , though her face was still bruised , her jaw locked shut .
tr	O	She 'd expanded from the empty Woolworth 's into an empty bakery on one side and an empty shoe store on the other .
tr	I	The Goblin Queen burst forth out of the bushes , raising a barbed horn to her lips and a blowing long , low note .
tr	I	If nothing else , hope I this year on your own has shown you your inner strength .
tr	O	Picking himself up , he proceeded more carefully .
tr	I	At this decibel level , he wouldn 't the hear sarcasm .
tr	O	I reached toward Calvin , knowing that his touch would calm me .
tr	I	Elena had been standing at the door so long that her knees starting were to lock .
tr	O	Where had the wide eyed , lush ingenue gone ?
tr	I	His dark are brows lifting into his hairline .
tr	O	The house , this room , was exactly as she remembered .
tr	I	Naturally , she knew his motivations had nothing to do with any displayed abilities on her part during their and one only tryst .
tr	I	I didn 't want to know answer the .
tr	I	Michael behind was him .
tr	O	Chloe ignored it for the moment , turning back to David and smiling .
tr	O	But there was nothing .
tr	O	I 'll wait for you .
tr	I	That changed as the darkness him overtook .
tr	I	Gene cleared his throat before making show a of taking a bite and nodding his head .
tr	I	She attended evening classes as a freshman a at private college nearby .
tr	I	The closet was walk-in a .
tr	I	With deep wonder he thought himself to , ' My eyes have seen Mars and Venus .
tr	O	Intent on catching up with Cody , Brad jogged past me , eyes straight ahead , and had gone two or three feet before he looked back .
tr	I	When I get to back my bedroom , Peter is standing next to my bed .
tr	I	So I just did that and waited for him .
tr	O	The paperwork was expertly crafted anyway , so it was rather easy .
tr	O	He didn 't say anything .
tr	I	And 'd she managed to get Cain and Abel to work together for the first time since they were kids .
tr	I	You are coming back with me whether you it like or not .
tr	I	Beth and Casey would always be considered better designers because they that had piece of paper from an institution .
tr	I	One thing he knew : the weight of his body with a bale or two on the track of the elevator made for adjustment some .
tr	I	There was no need for conversation ; 'd we done our talking , consoled each other , solved the world 's problems .
tr	O	They didn 't speak while the driver pointed out landmarks and buildings .
tr	O	I realize as I 'm shoving the last of my clothes into the bag that I 'm grinning like a complete idiot .
tr	I	All I wanted the was thrill that Khan spoke of .
tr	O	I slammed my finger into the down button as soon as I was in reach and released his wrist before Nix could make anything of it .
tr	I	Why 't didn he try ?
tr	I	I hadn 't been aware that he memorized 'd the incantation in my cell , but he knew it word for word .
tr	O	Not a business call .
tr	O	I waited for the applause to die down before I stood up .
tr	O	It didn 't look good .
tr	I	He pulled his compass out as he every did few minutes , to check if he was still on the right route .
tr	I	I shift my arm to create more space between us , wanting not to skim her arm in the dark .
tr	I	I just couldn 't it do .
tr	O	The hospital arranged for the family to take an exit out of the hospital that would not attract the attention of the media .
tr	O	They 're a bit riled up .
tr	I	Verne could feel temper his starting to rise .
tr	I	She didn 't sit with her folded legs beneath her , as Vin currently did , and she 'd never wear trousers .
tr	O	Her mother was happier than she could ever remember her being .
tr	O	She stuck a finger in her ear and wiggled it around with a squelching noise .
tr	I	Nate drew in a deep breath as if gathering his courage to meet with the difficult woman and headed up stairs the .
tr	O	Charles was usually interested in the All-American look .
tr	I	He a unrolled poster .
tr	I	Suddenly they heard very a squeaky voice .
tr	O	Walking back the way she came , Janet heard the creak of a hinge .
tr	I	And slowly then , he returns the bow .
tr	I	We 're not going let to anything happen to this place .
tr	O	His breathing quickened with anticipation .
tr	O	He tasted so unbelievably good , like sin on a stick , and she wanted more .
tr	I	His body pulsed unnaturally , rising as if to attached the pads by magnets .
tr	I	They couldn 't see where he had gone , so they just the took cobblestone main road .
tr	I	Danny and Taylor out laughed loud .
tr	O	The skin on his arm was scaly and gray .
tr	O	When the gelding felt the tension on his halter , he lowered his head , bunched his hindquarters , and kicked out with both hind legs .
tr	O	He reached into his back pocket and threw a silver chain at Vincent 's feet .
tr	I	The doors slid and shut within seconds they began to rise rapidly .
tr	O	Was her information out of date ?
tr	I	I was wrong accepting in this commission .
tr	O	His blazing kiss numbed her lips and made her body writhe with desire .
tr	I	There would no be rebellion .
tr	O	' I was in love ! '
tr	I	My heart thumped rapidly inside my chest as the rusted door opened , the filling room with a familiar stench .
tr	O	Andrea asked from the sink .
tr	O	The turmoil that Allie had brought them would soon be gone .
tr	I	I felt the of presence Jack behind me .
tr	O	An abortion would have been more in keeping with her need to stay free .
tr	I	I him showed my teeth .
tr	I	He that said , but she knew better .
tr	I	I could tell he trying was to offend .
tr	O	Darryl had asked me to prom about a month after we began dating .
tr	O	Eric rose to meet him , as did Sean .
tr	I	Tom pushed the for button the 6th floor .
tr	O	Her face grew distant and Claire wondered for the first time if Maggie had told her the truth about why she was travelling alone .
tr	O	It was easy to see that they could get in an argument about that , so Lea started to talk .
tr	O	The difference here was that there was some evidence to back up the stories .
tr	I	He pushed the tender from away the large garage opening and stepped back to the controls .
tr	I	I panted , surprised by my boldness own .
tr	I	She gotten 'd word to Collin , given them explicit directions to come by nightfall .
tr	O	When he was finished , Bethany came to stand next to Jamie .
tr	I	So he has said .
tr	O	They could not give it to him and then allow the hospital to take a blood sample .
tr	I	Everyone had been shocked at how tame former wild child Keely McKay bachelorette 's party had played out last weekend .
tr	I	I meet nice a looking secretary who asks me who I have an appointment with ... I pause for a moment .
tr	O	And by issues , Kylie meant her newly acquired gift of healing , knocking down concrete walls , and the possibility that she was a protector .
tr	I	His was voice somber .
tr	O	People were camped everywhere .
tr	O	But perhaps only the Dillon connection had been flagged ?
tr	I	Making sure she didn slip 't away .
tr	O	Since he had the time , he decided to look around the room a little closer .
tr	I	I have to and dismount walk into the woods to hide my shame and tears and shaking .
tr	I	That was still a lot Librarians of .
tr	O	He pumped it again and launched another grenade .
tr	O	Anyway , one of them , might have been Mickey , bet me I couldn 't throw the television into the swimming pool from the window .
tr	O	Let it be a lesson to you , young lady .
tr	I	It is these traits that make them the most powerful intermediaries between demons and human souls , for they are the exorcists sacred .
tr	O	Mrs. Kumi saw the reaction and apologized profusely as a nurse stepped up .
tr	I	Juliette caught Riordan at 's wrist and squeezed tightly to prevent him from saying the wrong thing .
tr	I	His breathing low was and slow and the heart monitor was beeping less than once a second .
tr	I	He held up his iron and bar shouted one word .
tr	I	I shoved my hands in my pockets , shooting a malevolent glare his in direction .
tr	O	There is blood on the steering wheel and the dash , smears of red everywhere .
tr	I	Maybe that 's true , I thought , but I 'm not to ready forgive him just yet .
tr	I	I struggled to keep the shaking of out my voice .
tr	O	Connor wasn 't moving at all , but above the scent of Elias 's blood , Holly could smell the acrid odor of ... burned flesh .
tr	I	It 's not fault his . '
tr	I	They were too busy trying destroy to her without even knowing what they were doing .
tr	O	Before he left he had tidied the flat and changed the sheets .
tr	I	Sometimes know I she tries to pop up through the television , small sentences here and there .
tr	I	My father never forgave her for her actions their and marriage went sour from there .
tr	O	I delivered her necklace to her - that was the mayor 's wife .
tr	O	She was just about to breathe a sigh of relief and take a seat when a deep voice came out of the darkness , startling her .
tr	O	Monika and Trey are dancing next to them .
tr	I	Though I very much it doubt .
tr	I	I how know he feels .
tr	I	Whether he liked it not or , they were his friends .
tr	I	He had two inches on me , pounds twenty , and ten years .
tr	I	I my jerk head up .
tr	I	He rests his head back gazes and up at the night sky and I follow his gaze .
tr	O	How could I permit it ?
tr	I	The helicopter paused overhead and a person coming started down on a hoist .
tr	O	For a moment , the harshness of his statement shocked her .
tr	I	The man was already snoring to next her .
tr	O	He met her gaze full-on , such sincerity in his espresso dark eyes they steamed with conviction .
tr	I	I her gave back the money .
tr	I	She at glanced her aunt .
tr	I	He hated refrigerators opening and he avoided this one until he had examined everything else in the office .
tr	O	It felt that I was in somebody else 's game .
tr	I	She pulled from away him .
tr	O	Ren took Tully down the hall to the big room at the end where his mother worked .
tr	O	Go for a billion dollars , Glory .
tr	O	He also seemed to think that someone like Samantha would be the perfect foil to her captor .
tr	I	Helen took her eyes from the road and shot a dagger from eyes her .
tr	I	Agnes studied paisley the carpet for a moment .
tr	I	Her with hand the dagger is midway down .
tr	O	She kept the noise wall up and thought of things I couldn 't see .
tr	I	We can 't stay here in trees the , Navigator .
tr	O	The horses slowed as they entered the bustling streets .
tr	O	But as suddenly as it happened it stopped and they became single strands again .
tr	I	After a moment , when it seemed the machine not would get back up , Nicolas walked over to John to punch the back of his head .
tr	O	She regretted that she hadn 't touched it when she had the chance .
tr	I	The second had one slice left when she went and got an coffee hour later .
tr	I	I 'm a little different than most in magical the world .
tr	I	James flicked look a of irritation at his sister .
tr	O	Against all odds - and every bit of relationship advice handed down by mothers and girlfriends through the centuries - he honestly seemed to be changing .
tr	I	He tried to our destroy base !
tr	I	There are very few things that can mess with my abilities , and I don appreciate 't not being able to monitor you anymore .
tr	I	For stealing , messing around with a woman white in more ways than one .
tr	O	He shook his head .
tr	O	Panic took over as I watched Gregor do the same thing to Ben .
tr	I	He closed door the .
tr	I	It seemed to squash the wood flat and filled it the with horrible feeling that something is standing right behind you .
tr	O	Just before they grabbed Benji , he pulled the canister from my hands and then shoved me into the arms of one of the soldiers .
tr	O	Wanting him to know she meant it .
tr	O	Otherwise , I thought I might snap back that fire demons were hardly an everyday occurrence for a king or queen .
tr	O	I don 't want to hurt you , but I might .
tr	O	At any other time of the day , the dining hall was mundane , dingy even .
tr	O	But Renzo was dead so who had the knife now ?
tr	O	He says he loves me .
tr	I	We 'll make a onscreen great duo !
tr	O	But , no , that wasn 't the only emotion she unleashed inside of him .
tr	O	Claire gave an exasperated sigh .
tr	I	She turned her head , resting her cheek on her knees as she stared the across room at the man that claimed to be her father .
tr	O	How does he stand being under scrutiny all the time ?
tr	I	Just as she herself felt completely let go , he slammed that heavy rod into her .
tr	O	The back of Eris ' neck crawled , making her look behind her .
tr	O	' It wasn 't supposed to be clever , ' I said , grimacing .
tr	I	They 'll get someone killed else too .
tr	O	Security doors locked everyone in the Door Room inside .
tr	I	One woman was at the sink , another by the stove , and the rest gathered a around table .
tr	I	He knew she was so much more than the he nickname had bestowed on her .
tr	I	Of course , had I told Sarah everything .
tr	I	She has a gun her to head .
tr	I	The doctor 's didn visit 't take long .
tr	O	The new ones might be worse .
tr	O	I didn 't need anyone -- except for Megan , and the doctors and nurses who could keep her alive .
tr	I	He was handsome a guy , too preppy for my taste , but perhaps Lucky would like him .
tr	I	She 'd fallen asleep thinking about him , so her dream made sense on a level logical .
tr	O	I recognized that I had to give you time .
tr	O	She should have found evidence of it here .
tr	O	He had to find the da Vinci section and protect it from those sacrilegious fools .
tr	I	And was it wonderful .
tr	I	She didn 't know where these flashbacks were from coming .
tr	O	When she looked up , she was surprised at how different she looked .
tr	I	It 't wouldn matter to anybody if you was in hospital for six months .
tr	O	My choice was clear now .
tr	O	She should have changed her home number , too , but that was more complicated , or so she told herself .
tr	I	Very few people get to sing own their song .
tr	I	Lightning through ripped the lowering clouds .
tr	I	He always made sure the guitar 's was pitch perfect .
tr	O	Only his downcast expression was at odds with his outdoorsy brawn .
tr	O	He offered his hand , greeting Galilee and introducing himself in a loud , barked mumble .
tr	I	Pot decorated plants the carriages , legroom was spacious , seats were far more comfortable than in modern trains , and provided with drink holders and ashtrays .
tr	O	All were dark and deserted .
tr	O	Detective Smithy was a good cop with a bad mustache .
tr	O	I asked them incredulously .
tr	I	I 'll take the handcuffs at off the restaurant .
tr	I	Happiness engulfed me ; love surged through as me he kissed my nose .
tr	O	It 's all happening .
tr	O	Then he had to go and show me more .
tr	O	Saga and Jin jumped back to avoid it .
tr	I	I stopped at the bar and a took sip of a glass of water before continuing .
tr	O	Well , I was wrong .
tr	O	While Abby bundled them up , she grinned happily at Brant .
tr	I	Always and hurting wanting , with no relief .
tr	O	But she was clearly using sex to feel better .
tr	I	I looked around and me noticed that I was in the back of an old SUV of some sort .
tr	O	Because all these other things get in the way .
tr	O	She plays video games and confesses to reading comic books .
tr	I	You weren 't to know 'd he do that . '
tr	I	Use your powers you as 've been taught .
tr	I	They could never be sure if a direct heir survived , so no faction one ever had complete control over the family .
tr	O	He rolled her to her side to allow it all to exit and rubbed her back .
tr	O	I should begin at the beginning .
tr	I	He was demanding immediately action or threatening to take action himself .
tr	I	He had to fight with uncoordinated fingers to release cufflinks so he could remove shirt his .
tr	O	I just didn 't need or want to be taken care of with a shiny black card .
tr	O	I happen to be terrible at stalking people .
tr	O	I didn 't get anything either .
tr	O	The Titan looked about the cabin at the Cyclops assembled around him .
tr	I	He stood in the center of thirteen the , his step always taken before the other twelve .
tr	I	Using construction advanced techniques ( duct tape ) I reassembled some of it into a square .
tr	I	Anthony blinked , momentarily taken aback by mother his 's air of command .
tr	O	As he crashes against something , I sink to the floor .
tr	O	I asked , figuring he was probably talking about some video game .
tr	O	He will never forgive a betrayal such as I have committed .
tr	I	She dusted gravel a off tooled leather accordion case and sat on it .
tr	I	He smiled me at and his eyes crinkled .
tr	I	She carried a plastic small tray with a bottle of Powerade , Z 's mug of beer and Quinn 's mixed drink into her living room .
tr	I	Tris her rolls eyes .
tr	I	Dayan held locked her to him .
tr	O	François stroked his chin , considering that , and nodded .
tr	O	Her voice is sharp , offended .
tr	I	Delilah placed her ear bud back into her ear and clicked a few more keys her on tablet .
tr	O	Spencer stomped down the hall , making as much noise as she could so that Amelia would know she was coming .
tr	O	Kimber smiled as Alexis moved off down the hallway .
tr	O	I only got calls at that hour when there was a problem at my lab .
tr	O	My happiness only lasted so long however , because at that moment Carly walked into the room .
tr	O	After hearing Miranda talk about this week 's Pretty Little Liars , I wanted to watch it myself .
tr	O	They charged inside in a flurry of furious movement , and I ducked low , hiding myself behind my counter .
tr	O	Captain Cook disappeared for but a few minutes and returned looking quite official .
tr	O	He was sufficiently shocked at her language that it took him a moment to absorb her meaning .
tr	O	Curiosity overruled her anger ... and she listened as he explained exactly what being the mate of a vampire really meant .
tr	O	So that he won 't ever come near you again .
tr	O	Amy had no idea for how long .
tr	I	If major a crisis broke out , the general couldn 't respond to it .
tr	I	That 's why he 's always coaxing Brianna to and come live with him .
tr	I	It had a been long time since she had slipped into her usual black but kicked it up a notch .
tr	I	That why 's she 's obsessed with your hair .
tr	I	I took the iron 's cord , grabbed extension the cord , hesitated , then connected the two .
tr	O	He 'd removed is hat to reveal hair that was shorter than his brother 's , but equally as gray .
tr	I	She grinned him at .
tr	O	I just have to get out of here .
tr	I	* * * Aiden shoved about half a pig 's worth of bacon at me .
tr	O	In no time , his breathing evens out , but I lie awake , staring at the ceiling .
tr	O	Consequently she burst into the conversation before Garn could drive his foot even farther down his throat .
tr	I	That 's not me being dramatic it ; just is .
tr	I	Ava turn 's was equally as popular , and then it came time to talk to Jimmy .
tr	I	Without in any my system , the fighting , the running , was too much for me .
tr	O	When it struck there , the doll was hurled several feet and its head came off , to continue bouncing on down along the hall .
tr	O	And what 's my profession ?
tr	O	Are you doing laundry ?
tr	I	They were walking right into the lion 's den and the men laughing were and carrying on as though nothing was wrong .
tr	O	Cole puts his hand up to the glass , and I put my hand up to the glass , smile , and head toward the hazardous area .
tr	O	I couldn 't even pretend to be irritated with him .
tr	I	I felt like I was twelve again and just had my first kiss Tracey with Mulroney .
tr	O	Let himself find what he 'd been missing for too long .
tr	I	And just like that , she from introduced the assortment of clothes an entire denim attire .
tr	I	' Babe , ' Calvin said , ' does the captain here have something to do with news the you mentioned earlier ? '
tr	O	Aria 's throat bobbed as she swallowed .
tr	I	My mother paused and let out mired a sigh .
tr	I	She her stuck chin out at him .
tr	O	He was getting a reputation for being an eccentric .
tr	O	Yet he felt some immediate connection with her he couldn , t explain .
tr	O	He wouldn 't fall for the same fraud again .
tr	O	Amy picks one of the powder cakes up .
tr	I	What Tami if didn 't survive ?
tr	I	No. 1 , the first item , was a large bundle of cash ; $ to 20,000 be exact .
tr	I	Julianne glanced back at me when gasped I .
tr	O	She knows , and I 'm sure she will not betray me , she won 't tell anyone .
tr	O	Bob shook his head .
tr	I	There was a patch of it right in front the of stage .
tr	I	Apparently , the was Mister getting a jump start by making cuts with the electric saw .
tr	O	We walked to the table covered in pieces of broken pottery and bronze items .
tr	O	It had been given to ' Bald Guard , ' then most of it had found its way to me .
tr	O	She 'd washed her face , which was now makeup free , and had pulled her hair into a loose ponytail .
tr	O	She took several steps back , wanting a running start .
tr	O	The finished the tour in front of an old church .
tr	I	Then , one of the guards shrugs and takes out her keys unlocks and the gates .
tr	O	On the other hand , she was the publisher and owner of the Washington Tribune , and she could damn well do anything she pleased .
tr	I	It fired a flight stud that had molecular bonding properties the in pointed nose .
tr	O	And at least they haven 't done anything wrong in my absence that would require repeating .
tr	O	The last thing she saw was the stranger laughing and setting his hand over Hiro 's wide-open eyes as if trying to calm him down .
tr	I	If Merl had even come last home night .
tr	I	An involuntary snort rumbled up her throat and she tried to subdue by it holding her breath .
tr	I	He emerged from the office door five later minutes .
tr	I	Courtney stared blankly into space until she realized that wherever her grandmother was going , she intended taking on Courtney with her .
tr	I	Then she paced into bathroom the .
tr	I	Only idiot an would watch that .
tr	O	The papers went everywhere .
tr	I	Now the group is fragmenting his without leadership .
tr	O	He immediately tried to help his mother in parting the two men .
tr	O	Its speech needles rustled .
tr	O	Chiro 's hands fluttered so that she had to steady them against the window ledge .
tr	I	Calvin took a verse of the song singing that if anyone bought the single they 'd it sign .
tr	I	Every eye in the room followed him , many fixed on his enormous claws , which looked like they could probably shear a horse half in .
tr	O	I will always remember , I said .
tr	O	My hand passed through the glass as if there were no glass at all .
tr	I	Only a 360 degree turn , provided by a stem valve wrench , would ensure a gradual deflation .
tr	I	So why shoot these things at us just to us put unconscious ?
tr	I	She 'd be incredible midnight by !
tr	I	My brother has a way of continuing a conversation months after the interaction last .
tr	O	They were so thin and - Her thoughts stopped as she caught sight of him on her bed .
tr	O	It 's never felt like home .
tr	O	Vin hit the ground in a tumble , splinters of wood scattering around her .
tr	O	His eyes flick to his phone .
tr	O	Chapter 15 I 'd never been so relieved to get back home to LA and away from Marshall Kent for at least a portion of my day .
tr	O	He lifted me up and I wrapped my legs around him as I sat on his lap and he held me .
tr	I	Another man out called from the crowd .
tr	I	She blurted just it out in front of Blake , Catfish , Clark and Bill Jacobs .
tr	O	He saw stars and went limp .
tr	O	I gasped , only to see that Echo had shot backwards as well .
tr	O	Ned could barely see through the cloud of dust that swirled around them .
tr	I	I never felt way this before .
tr	I	I reached and over held his hand in mine and squeezed his fingers .
tr	O	Now he sat at the campfire awaiting his bride and the news she brought .
tr	O	The old duke hadn 't even known of the existence of the place .
tr	I	Dianna heard footsteps more .
tr	I	She stared at me a for moment , her eyes dark and enlarged , the irises too big to be human .
tr	O	She felt immense satisfaction when he blanched in horror .
tr	I	If it doesn 't , well ... I 'll live it with .
tr	O	Turning from his computer , he leaned forward , resting his joined hands in the center of his desk .
tr	I	She was five thousand years old , and quite literally , the strongest immortal on earth , with few close carrying titles .
tr	I	No sign of Goon 2 , who should have reached room my by that time .
tr	O	Anyone happening to come into my room would be aware of being in the bunker of a teenage western female , of average tastes and culture .
tr	O	I turned my face toward his voice , eyes still fast shut , and he put his mouth on mine .
tr	I	What I am is doing making our race survive !
tr	I	They were far reinstating from their once glorious empire .
tr	O	You could take only so much blind , stupid ignorance without cracking around the edges a bit .
tr	I	Sam to tried grin back .
tr	O	Still staring at the window she shook her head and muttered something in Japanese .
tr	O	I mean I was out cold for a while and she could have taken it in that time period without any trouble .
tr	O	Arthur 's head shot up .
tr	O	So instead , we run in complete silence the entire way back to my house .
tr	I	It was as if it had been torn out of a book a but book that he had never seen .
tr	O	They 're going to create a psychic network sooner than was originally foreseen and the key element involved in this change is Emily Winters .
tr	O	Unlike most guys , who shuffled back and forth like Frankenstein 's monster , Zach danced like a pro .
tr	O	I 'd always thought that the day-to-day relationship stuff would end up scaring the hell out of me .
tr	O	Suddenly our lives were in major danger !
tr	I	They just open stared mouthed .
tr	O	She turned to go .
tr	I	She did not see a single child or smile , and the majority of people seemed here lean , pale and grim .
tr	O	The core would become solid and the projectile would hit the plate and shatter the core .
tr	O	If any mech wolves were following , he 'd never be able to detect them with his basic sensors .
tr	I	I jumped in my seat , the coffee finally giving my a heart boost .
tr	I	What had she thinking been ?
tr	I	She didn want 't him to be hurt .
tr	O	In all of his years , he 'd never seen a vampire move as quickly as she did in that one instant .
tr	O	Rebecca could have waited until much later to fill Delaney in .
tr	I	Large wings fanned in the heat August .
tr	O	A sagging bowler at his feet begged for an offering .
tr	I	Amelie in cried delight , hoisting a pair of brown leather riding boots .
tr	I	She smiled at how domestic it to felt have him cooking in her kitchen and serving her dinner .
tr	I	Doug sat in front of the television , half to listening the news and reading the paper .
tr	I	The state-of-the-art system alarm is fully engaged .
tr	I	The other four Kingdoms have magic more than they should .
tr	O	The doctor went on to talk about the treatment for the concussion and said that he would send her home with medication for the pain .
tr	O	Inez smiled faintly as she watched him walk to the other end of the groupings of tables until he was at about the three-quarter point .
tr	I	He had advanced only six strides when he began his shout .
tr	O	Dimitri instantly shifted into tiny molecules impossible for a Lycan to latch on to .
tr	O	Mac didn 't bother asking anymore questions .
tr	O	Kevin could feel the senator 's life draining from his body .
tr	O	That wasn 't really any of his business , unless the count should somehow be threatened there .
tr	I	They are pure fantasy and therefore to be enjoyed such as .
tr	I	Without saying a word to of any them , I limped to the wall , and barging past the guard , I entered the forest .
tr	I	He drew on the cigarette and began talking , the smoke pouring out of his mouth nose and .
tr	O	I thought they were going to help you .
tr	O	Don 't scare her off !
tr	I	I my shook head .
tr	I	She is weak worn and .
tr	I	I watched her frown and then a leave message .
tr	I	Before Heather and the others departed they were that advised the shallow water meant they could only be returned to the ship at high tide .
tr	O	The flames smash out of my hands , and my chest tightens , as I keep them lit , starting to feel weak .
tr	I	She gave Zach a long kiss and then walked away , flipping her hair as she headed toward back the keg .
tr	I	His commanded presence the room .
tr	O	The boss was already waiting for them impatiently drumming his fingers on the table .
tr	I	The spark in her eyes told me that even fear death of didn 't keep her from thinking about money .
tr	I	Besides , there is something else which you should know about us , your if friend , Gus , hasn 't already told you .
tr	I	He reached up to her cup cheek , one last time .
tr	I	He off was a second later .
tr	I	It would be easy to remain in obscure the daylight , and almost impossible to see him at night .
tr	I	I pulled away from Ben and looked up , right into the face of the one man I hoped had I would not see .
tr	I	That was just too pampering much , even for her .
tr	I	The Northern Crown Series Book Child Two of Loki A divided land ... a divided family .
tr	I	Not cloud a , thus little chance of the game being rained out .
tr	I	He brushed hand his across his eyes and added something else .
tr	O	The vicious snarl that erupted from him made her press her back against the wall .
tr	O	Drawing the two of them to one side , he glanced briefly at Julie then turned his gaze on Travis .
tr	O	At least until I transformed .
tr	I	None of this anything has to do with me .
tr	O	Or maybe they did and I just never noticed .
tr	I	His fingers rubbed the prominent scar across stretching his cheek .
tr	I	It 's possible , guess I , but Dad 's not in the habit of buying dog toys .
tr	O	He was calm and gave her a feeling of being safe -- somehow she felt safe here .
tr	I	And I had people to me help now .
tr	O	Before the detectives had arrived , Chuck had noticed a few things .
tr	I	Someone beat on his door , and then door the was flung open .
tr	I	Instead , Zander kissed Bonnie good-bye and as watched she went inside , then headed back out .
tr	I	Have the chef from her fave restaurant her cook meals .
tr	O	Owen sighed , grabbed her hands from where they had crept back up to his shoulders , and stepped away from her .
tr	I	Her fingers wrapped around the door handle , sweat was making them off slip .
tr	O	She had only one question , and it came out in a hushed whisper .
tr	O	And you will know that you have done no wrong , simply followed what the stars had planned for you .
tr	I	She moved fast and through dodged crowds as she hurried forward .
tr	O	She managed to keep her voice low , but her frustration laced the tone with sarcasm .
tr	O	He pulled out a new glass and poured another whiskey , neat .
tr	I	Mira settled into the warm leather , watching echoes of the tempest inside play her eyelids .
tr	I	My head is pounding so hard now that I feel as if it 's to going explode .
tr	I	What something if like that happened again ?
tr	O	Here , let me decant a bit to loosen your tongue .
tr	I	She 't didn know how long they stood in the passage , holding each other .
tr	O	At this moment everything seemed perfect and healed between them , the way it had been two years before .
tr	O	Finally , he swallowed and looked down again , but not before I saw the tears start to form .
tr	I	I feel almost sorry for him .
tr	O	I think he meant to die , whether he won or lost .
tr	I	Kali broke a world getting record dressed .
tr	I	My go arms around his shoulders and I lay my head on his chest .
tr	I	I thrust a finger at eye my .
tr	O	Her lack of success has driven her mad .
tr	I	Crete was different , simply because its of size .
tr	I	The theory that there 's no advantage great in being attractive .
tr	I	James is one of Guardians your .
tr	I	The smoke from the fire extinguishers grew thick and dark around the car as the crew emergency attacked the flames .
tr	I	They - they do give not out their given names here . '
tr	O	I thought maybe he 'd also liked Kandace 's assets , but that was his business .
tr	I	The whole company , from top to bottom , seemed riddled slime with .
tr	I	I shook my head myself at .
tr	I	Her damn body treacherous .
tr	O	And then she remembered great white wings that seemed to stretch to the horizon on either side .
tr	I	Ben looked really guilty for a minute , then his changed stance .
tr	I	An aborted story short .
tr	O	Greg clears his throat as we near my house .
tr	I	Expect because violence of violence .
tr	I	Are sure we we want to go someplace Hugo can 't ?
tr	O	Tentatively she stuck out her hand and let him lick it .
tr	I	I him rolled off me and scrambled after the ring .
tr	O	I promise we 'll work through this .
tr	O	Actually , everybody was holding their breath and squinting into the shadows .
tr	I	A little chunk of black gunk came out and he spit it on the to stone .
tr	I	' Well , little my ones ! '
tr	I	Sweat and tears cover almost every inch cringing of face .
tr	O	Hannah raised her eyes without lifting her head .
tr	I	Then , with the egg bag hand in , he climbed down from the bunk .
tr	I	But Grace didn 't want Camille pride 's to put Kennedy at even more risk .
tr	O	His eyes brightened and Grace could see he was quite taken with this bachelor auction .
tr	I	Behind me the last of the stalkers sank softly to ground the , dry shells of their formerly impressive selves .
tr	I	They 'd bring beer the .
tr	I	I didn 't want to think about that , and I didn know 't why it hurt , but it did .
tr	I	To my relief , he looked less gray and pasty than he had the last I time saw him .
tr	I	I at smiled him .
tr	I	Sebastian shook head his .
tr	I	I their followed gaze and saw the hedge move slightly .
tr	O	She had begun sleeping in the guest bedroom , first because of Mike 's snoring and then because of her growing frustration with their distance .
tr	I	The girl must have been veritable a buffet .
tr	O	It 's huge and spreads out on both their right and left side , divided down the middle by a wide corridor .
tr	I	Aly squeezed hands my splayed protectively across her stomach .
tr	O	Stroke or not , Nana could take care of herself , and Aunt Mimi would be thrilled to see her .
tr	O	I knew he was smart but not that smart .
tr	O	His mind filled with the craziest ideas .
tr	I	I didn know 't exactly what I wanted , which didn 't help .
tr	I	And that what 's we offer : simple lives , free of worry . '
tr	I	Those on foot were going only a short distance outside the wall , to congregate amid the boulders , sitting and as strolling if in a park .
tr	I	When he arrived at the home of Fred , Scrooge 's nephew , it was getting late and dark ; he wondered if might Fred be in .
tr	I	It was Hank and I was awake , shallow the wail from my throat cut off .
tr	O	He had a knit hat pulled low over his eyes and thick gloves covering his fingers .
tr	O	' Luckily , it has an electronic combination lock . '
tr	I	You don 't even have come to in , if you don 't want .
tr	O	He proffered a single bill .
tr	I	Gwen slammed the last drawer shut and raced past Max , out into hall the .
tr	I	I stepped in closer and put my on hands his shoulders as he backed away .
tr	I	Quebec still stands , they say , the but British control more and more land around it .
tr	I	Aiden gave me a puzzled when look I entered the training room .
tr	I	He thought about Princess Diana being once linked to her security detail .
tr	I	He held up a thing glittered that in the sunlight .
tr	O	The kiss is so hungry that when I feel his teeth bite into my lower lip , I lose it .
tr	I	Even if you manage to hit one them of , the others will surely retaliate .
tr	I	She grabbed my arm again while I reached into my bag and my grabbed keys .
tr	I	Mikey turned his transformed hand to back the hand of a boy and gently took the coin .
tr	O	We 're still on planet earth ; right ?
tr	I	Knew that he had wanted her to rest and recuperate in one place , and maybe even have some sense of for stability once in her life .
tr	I	Since she was no longer bothering to put down me , I figured she was doing it to get Balthazar to look at her .
tr	O	She dropped her music students and spent all of her time writing really sad love songs .
tr	O	Lara had not realized she had spoken aloud .
tr	I	She jabbed him in chest the with a forefinger .
tr	I	The welts had never healed , not decades after .
tr	I	All I could see was the woman loved I flirting with some tattooed bartender .
tr	O	She pulled her hand away from her father 's grasp and stepped back quickly .
tr	I	Bubba had impatient gotten .
tr	I	We didn 't really give you a chance speak to in the first place .
tr	I	But this not time .
tr	I	There power was and heat .
tr	O	And by flirting , I mean licked the rim of his glass .
tr	I	The bodyguards to fight clear space for me , shouldering apart the rushing stream of people .
tr	I	She 'd better contact her but on not her cell .
tr	I	You even never stopped to look at me .
tr	I	Do you to explain your grocer why you pick up a loaf of bread at another store ?
tr	O	The gesture touched my heart but gifts could only go so far .
tr	O	We laughed at stupid things , eating and drinking until we felt sick .
tr	I	I my shook head vehemently .
tr	I	And he left her there standing .
tr	O	It 's small , unpretentious , and there 's easy parking .
tr	I	Ethan knew Matt that and Pete still lurked in the woods .
tr	I	He found a U-Haul truck rental place in the book phone and flagged a cab .
tr	I	I saw him always the on defensive , and after last Saturday night I could hardly blame him .
tr	O	He imagined them flying through the air and converging on Emma 's body , slamming into her at exactly the same moment .
tr	I	We moved around but of most the time we just looked outside .
tr	O	Evra stared at Darius , confused - he knew nothing about the boy - but my old friend trusted me , so he accepted my guarantee .
tr	O	I feel my heart drop into my stomach at the thought of him married .
tr	O	He couldn 't understand why Myles would mention it if he didn 't expect some action to be taken .
tr	I	She pushed him onto his back as she licked the tip , the savoring taste of him .
tr	O	But ... just before contact , she punched him in the nose with so much force the cartilage snapped .
tr	O	He was tired , excited , and relieved .
tr	I	His finger withdrew then and returned .
tr	I	After stripping the beds and getting started the on mound of laundry , she cleaned the bathrooms , vacuumed , dusted , and even cleaned the windows .
tr	O	His blade flicked out and he sliced Thomas across the ribs .
tr	I	The sand that had been thrown into the drifted sky down to the ground , sprinkling over him like gritty snow .
tr	O	Josef Mengele paused at the newsstand .
tr	I	And then hit it me .
tr	I	But then there you and were I watched him come back to life .
tr	O	The digestive juices pouring into my mouth didn 't matter .
tr	I	Patty had agreed to let Savannah sneak back and visit with Mary , but she 'd told her that she could only stay for few a moments .
tr	I	One at step a time .
tr	I	He hears the coldness in his voice , but this is cold a business .
tr	O	You can stay here as long as you like or as long as it takes you to get settled .
tr	O	The new community thrived and grew .
tr	I	My heart pounded in my chest and my felt cheeks heated .
tr	O	He stiffened letting me know he 'd taken the bait .
tr	O	I could feel the tension between us , the way his eyes sparked as if it made him curious about my case .
tr	O	What the fuck were you thinking , Claire ?
tr	O	The advisor gulped and moved to the doorway behind him .
tr	O	What if she was too late ?
tr	O	No one there will want any harm to come to her .
tr	I	I grit teeth my .
tr	I	Her pulse still hadn 't returned normal to when she decided she couldn 't remain down here .
tr	O	The grey stone sun-bleached dock was its own city .
tr	O	Despite the gloomy , mingled emotions that surrounded it , the day felt momentous .
tr	I	Rule number three , if remembered she correctly .
tr	O	He grinned over at me from the sink where he washed his hands quickly and then opened two beers for us .
tr	O	True , but she 'd been scared and cold , and for some reason that knowledge cut him deeper than Aeron 's fists .
tr	I	I felt sick as I positioned the iron stake in the center of palm his .
tr	O	Her fingers settled against his skin , cold and clammy .
tr	O	She sounded very sure .
tr	O	I shouted his name , feeling my muscles contract around him as he slammed into me a final time .
tr	O	Something even his aunt had obeyed for the last twenty-seven years .
tr	I	Katrina put her right index finger up the to edge of her mouth , and tipped her head in thought .
tr	I	The memories of panic-stricken that flight across the city rushed back to him .
tr	O	I gave him a huge hug .
tr	O	She stomped on the gas , pressing it all the way .
tr	I	Their first destination was a restaurant called 's Sweetie .
tr	I	Angel shot her knowing a look .
tr	O	There was a silence .
tr	O	I hug Tess to my chest , then cover her eyes .
tr	O	They knelt by the drooling forester .
tr	I	It bounced just once and then ominously stuck to the ground with a thud dull .
tr	I	The guards lowered musket and saber , and allowed to Lucien rise .
tr	I	Not one of them had forty passed years old , by the looks of them .
tr	I	I that knew piece of driftwood .
tr	I	Good people , they were just not used to having all these of rules .
tr	O	The vampire next to her kicked the girl .
tr	I	Fiona studied the 's album gatefold cover .
tr	I	Monty up sat in his chair .
tr	I	Dawson could be in there now right .
tr	I	Jane sat stoically beside him , giving Wendy a brief but hopeful smile whenever their met eyes .
tr	I	He came in and alone took a seat nearby .
tr	I	Jason clasped her hand and entwined fingers his with hers .
tr	I	I the re-examined newcomer .
tr	O	Ian laughed and nodded his head .
tr	I	Matt had it found a few days before while hunting .
tr	I	Maggie arched a brow at me from across table the .
tr	O	She slammed him into the wall , and stinging pain burst from the four lines she gouged across his cheek with her nails .
tr	O	I squint my eyes together and shoot him a vile look .
tr	O	Only Liga makes me forget it .
tr	O	An avalanche that stole her breath and had her quaking .
tr	O	Her mouth was glued to his .
tr	O	I glance at the trains again .
tr	I	Peter asked her she when returned .
tr	O	With her head on my shoulder , we trudged towards her Mustang , which felt about a million miles away .
tr	I	I asked as I nervously my bit lower lip .
tr	I	Question me all you want when tomorrow you 're home .
tr	I	The truck bumped over another rut the in road and Avril giggled .
tr	I	An MP quickly rips off a length of duct tape slaps and it across her face .
tr	O	Gel threw off the covers and stood shakily as the voice of reason spoke , his left hand going to the wall for support , for leverage .
tr	O	Anita asked pretending to fan herself .
tr	O	I knew I had to get away , afraid I wouldn 't be an exception .
tr	I	Talking about his was sister a raw spot for him .
tr	O	I wondered if Ricky was telling me all he knew .
tr	O	It was his duty to keep her with him .
tr	O	For this brief moment , they 're able to forget the sadness that 's brought them together .
tr	I	At the of top the steps stood a man .
tr	I	She had no idea how she 'd cope without outlet the .
tr	O	Nikolas ground out between clenched teeth .
tr	I	To that end , I turned my attention to Lake and said something that does not bear repeating into the pillowcase bunched up in mouth my .
tr	O	It is full of lunatics throwing bottles .
tr	I	The dagger pierced her neck and off-center jammed against the bottom of her skull .
tr	O	Then again , I was barely cognizant .
tr	O	The blazing illumination pointed at Wade revealed ... Oh God .
tr	O	The chairs they 'd used for the tribunal had been returned to their proper position besides the beds .
tr	I	She was between seated Lee and Eddie .
tr	O	Turning my back on him and any further protests , I headed out of the kitchen and back to the living room .
tr	I	The guy dropped eyes his and waved sheepishly .
tr	I	The door open swung , and Jeremy was standing by the doorway irate .
tr	I	I feel my knees to start give way , and I reach for Zeke as the darkness takes over .
tr	I	I 'm clinging to an unlikely expectation , but it 's the only thing me keeping going .
tr	O	Blake felt himself smile .
tr	I	Our conversation ends after that , but Eden keeps one gripped hand tightly in my own .
tr	O	She could let him guide her , let him have some of her , because she trusted him as she 'd never trusted another man .
tr	I	His fingers over brushed her arm .
tr	O	A longer silence followed before she spoke in a reluctant tone .
tr	O	I 've never seen this site !
tr	O	He slowly removed his glasses , exposing an ugly black eye .
tr	O	The blood had sprayed onto the white brocade and dried there .
tr	I	The grass her around flickered and went black .
tr	I	For the sake of everything that I loved , I prayed that this plan Amy of 's was going to work .
tr	O	She welcomed the pain , refusing to blink until the last shrill , hissing scream faded into silence .
tr	O	For My Sons was the simple title .
tr	I	Beth gave start a .
tr	I	Ned groaned the with exertion .
tr	I	They had a considerate age gap between them , but that didn intimidate 't her .
tr	I	she responded , sounding sleepy and exhausted from the rigorous physical exertions that had gone on for an about hour .
tr	O	He handed Emily her coffee and took a seat next to her .
tr	O	Mathers opened it and poked his head through .
tr	O	He was quiet for a minute .
tr	I	Hanna slipped phone her back in her pocket .
tr	I	Leah found hilarious it .
tr	I	Kyle Jennings had been involved in the commissioning of the entire software regional link-up .
tr	O	It was a few years back .
tr	O	My mother deserved peace in death and we deserved peace in life .
tr	I	I sat down and faced them , filled suddenly with confidence .
tr	O	Adel smiles at her , pleased with the compliment .
tr	O	He looked at Sally , whose face was streaked with tears ; her body trembled as she watched her son fall apart .
tr	O	And keeping off of subjects that produced anxiety definitely helped .
tr	O	Her enormous green eyes were like telescopes , disappearing behind her long , dark lashes every time she blinked .
tr	O	He 'd offered her the emotional support she 'd needed for so long , and that was a powerful aphrodisiac .
tr	I	This is not a Of surrender self .
tr	O	Rays of light shot out of them and hit Corrine , whose whole body jolted back as if hit by electricity .
tr	I	In strange a way , I still felt like that little girl .
tr	I	She left the garage , wondering to what do next .
tr	O	Ironic , isn 't it ?
tr	O	You can 't lose it right now .
tr	I	I hurried over to him , him flipped on his back , and tried desperately to remember everything I 'd ever been taught in my CPR class .
tr	O	The sun was beginning to set , and the soft reds and golds highlighted his features and glinted off his hair .
tr	O	He yanked the stick , simultaneously ramming the rudder pedal with his boot .
tr	O	My tongue tripped over itself to assure Sylvie that nothing was going on .
tr	I	My hysteria is threatening to break me and I want scream to until my lungs collapse .
tr	O	I had to let it go .
tr	O	It weighed down her light steps ; she trod as if hitched to a wagon laden with stones .
tr	O	And it demonstrated to him how powerless he was in comparison .
tr	I	Several emotions hit then me : shock , distrust , and curiosity .
tr	O	Within hours you 'll be as I was .
tr	I	He picked me up at the usual shelter just outside town the by lake .
tr	I	The phone went dead in ear my .
tr	O	She 'd saved him the trouble of finding a resolution to their interlude of temporary insanity .
tr	I	I didn 't know who believe to .
tr	I	She didn 't another need second 's urging .
tr	I	Why had he mentioned tomb that ?
tr	O	I was really on a roll , but I had a lot to say .
tr	O	Surprised to see him .
tr	O	I turn , knowing the voice immediately .
tr	I	The new guy had attacked at me that time ; we wrestled , punched , and tackled each other until he reached for his gun .
tr	O	There is that about these stones of yours which lies heavy on my mind .
tr	I	She took a few sips and finally met gaze my .
tr	O	Her face is expressionless .
tr	O	Ravenna 's parents had been in perfect health when they were seized .
tr	I	I was Juliet 's friend , but Aaron his was best friend .
tr	O	The earl had told her that her father had been notified that Brenna and she were his captives .
tr	O	For the first time in a long while , his training in the Army , the best strategies for a quick getaway , were coming in handy .
tr	O	He 'd showered and shaved and she could smell the clean scent of his soap .
tr	O	Unconsciously Juliet pressed her fingers to her lips , feeling ... shattered .
tr	I	It seemed it didn 't matter what he did me to ; I still wanted him .
tr	I	Her hair over tumbled her shoulders .
tr	I	Miranda 's bright red hair gleamed like reflected fire the in mirror .
tr	I	Each contained weapons , ammunition other and items that would aid the team in blending in with their surroundings .
tr	O	I shivered and tried to blink the glimpse away .
tr	I	He 'd suspected much as .
tr	I	A seeped draft through the wooden floorboards .
tr	O	She hoped she wasn 't lying .
tr	I	Liza blew out a long of stream air .
tr	O	Since hearing the man 's not-so-subtle threat during their last phone conversation , Seth had been doing his best to brush up on Mister Pickett 's book .
tr	O	There were thousands of Scots gathered there that day , reminding me of the day that the rebellion broke out in Edinburgh .
tr	O	The elite have had their foot on the necks of the Africans since we showed the cave dweller how to sail a boat .
tr	O	No one knows where they come from or who they must have been or even if they had once been anyone at all .
tr	O	She knew something was wrong , but was too young and naive to fully understand Trae 's actions .
tr	O	The smirk flirted across his face sending a strange level of excitement through her .
tr	I	It everything meant to me .
tr	O	I need this donation .
tr	O	The man leaves the conversation fully confident in his love for her and her love for him .
tr	I	Good , thought she .
tr	I	Budda 's began stomach to stir .
tr	I	It easier was to say that than trying to explain everything else .
tr	I	No one could figure out some why man hadn 't snatched Thea up years ago , her being so pretty and smart .
tr	O	Keke stood in a group a few feet behind him .
tr	I	Although he never 'd set eyes on them before he identified the items scattered around .
tr	O	Elder hobbles to the center of the room , then turns around , letting me inspect him .
tr	O	She stroked the seam of her jeans that ran up her crossed leg .
tr	I	Del must seen 've it in my eyes because he sat up , searching my face intently .
tr	O	Couldn 't take care of his wife ; there was a phrase which could mean more than one thing .
tr	O	But Jagger continued to soften .
tr	O	Henrietta pushed her head back into the pillow propped up behind her .
tr	O	He turned north and pushed his way forward .
tr	O	She shifted her eyes to me .
tr	O	Teddy looked as if all his birthdays had come at once .
tr	I	I remember what it felt like when tiny their arms wrapped around me .
tr	I	Colin 't didn mind .
tr	I	She turned and waved , then and closed the door .
tr	I	Before I could do more than gasp and at stare her , Deb and Bri squealed in unison .
tr	O	' It 's no use trying to undo it . '
tr	O	At least I hoped it would .
tr	O	Because it is something that all of us have in common .
tr	O	She laughed even harder .
tr	O	I was at the mercy of one person : Kiev , a man I could not understand at all .
tr	O	Blood was pooling on the floor .
tr	O	Chris ' confusion grew at the same rate as his theorising .
tr	I	He collected his and chips left .
tr	O	And ... ' he glanced sidelong at Riley .
tr	O	It wasn 't a room full of monkeys , either .
tr	O	The lights of the threatening vehicle came closer .
tr	I	I into leaned him and smiled .
tr	O	At the end of the passageway , there was an elevated structure that served as an observation deck , where you could watch the animals drink .
tr	O	The victims of suicide left behind to deal with not just grief , but guilt and shame .
tr	I	In the weeks that followed , when I was not at the theater , I spent my in time my room , writing .
tr	I	But he didn 't for head the door .
tr	O	She 'd entirely forgotten the other woman in the extremes of her drama and he 'd just spent a week in London .
tr	O	I didn 't want to do anything but shut myself in my room for days .
tr	O	I really hoped she said no , and we could just pretend none of this ever happened .
tr	O	Bows groaned as the archers on the mezzanine pulled their strings taut .
tr	I	Craving solitude , Vaughn swallowed the last of his coffee , then announced was he heading for bed .
tr	I	Iseo turned and walked to a small table with various bottles glass filled with scented oils and cleansing agents .
tr	I	I 't didn see her either .
tr	I	Tomorrow we will do hmmm better ? '
tr	I	Once she was safely in her apartment , I often sat across parked the road and watched her window until it went dark .
tr	I	That 's why there is a hierarchy packs in .
tr	O	Still , one must tolerate occasional fits of irrational passion from one 's wife .
tr	O	He shakes his head .
tr	O	Back in our room , I threw Op Nine on the bed and pulled the covers up to his chin .
tr	O	She casts me a look full of pity .
tr	I	Abruptly the tall turned alien away .
tr	O	Stella shouted , her hands balled into fists at her sides .
tr	O	We 're laughing and joking and talking to the strangers sitting around us and I feel infinitely at peace .
tr	O	Hodge looked like a man trapped in a tightening vise , his hands jerking at his sides as if with pain , his eyes darting .
tr	O	The Sultana was on a collision course with the ill-fated new vessel .
tr	I	That 's way much too information .
tr	I	He was the to first take my blood .
tr	O	He still couldn 't fathom how she could have mistaken him for the bully .
tr	I	The UAS will enforce exclusion an to all shipping in three areas .
tr	O	Waiting until the coast was clear once again , she ran into the woods and disappeared into the darkness , heading directly east , as instructed .
tr	I	Echo to stated Bucky then looked at me and rolled his eyes .
tr	I	Simon retrieved the and cloth stroked it over her sticky skin , cleaning off his sem * n and soothing the flesh between her thighs .
tr	I	But despite the fact that her eyes watered , she raised the glass another for taste .
tr	O	Armed to the teeth , though each carried the most basic of weaponry .
tr	I	' We 't don know . '
tr	O	A heat that would seep all the way to her bones , torching the memory of the demon .
tr	I	She had enough money to live on while she found a job , and despite the tight market job , her resume was impressive .
tr	I	My mother felt as if she would pass out as her and Tommy exchanged glances horrified and she picked up the phone to dial 911 .
tr	O	The others did the same , Gunner even managing to work his sword back to usability .
tr	I	Sentient , self-aware eyes see that me as more than a source of grain or dried meat .
tr	I	She stood up and stepped toward the door but couldn 't leave without getting more one thing off her chest .
tr	O	The minute Max had entered the office of Maximilian Rutherford I , he 'd known his grandfather was up to something .
tr	I	If only he could take care of her needs sensual without having sex - Inspiration lit .
tr	O	You want her defeated .
tr	O	You have no idea what the sight of you like that does to me . '
tr	I	He 's just faking 's he angry .
tr	I	Emma had noticed the mutt , too , a curly-haired mixed breed , part probably poodle .
tr	O	Each of you has a model to try and pull , not that you 'll have any luck .
tr	O	Sarah 's mouth went dry .
tr	O	But I don 't understand what 's happening .
tr	I	Well , not really control of it but I certainly couldn 't shake him out it of .
tr	I	She could do nothing but to down look the battlefield helplessly .
tr	O	We were told Sam Johnson would be picking it up .
tr	I	He looks back at the closet then hopelessly back at me and his expression lights up .
tr	I	I 've never been Cambridge to .
tr	O	A bracelet identical to mine .
tr	I	By the time we got her onto the step first the beads of sweat were streaming down my face .
tr	O	Don 't tell him yet , if ever .
tr	I	All the bottles were sealed and appeared to be filled with the liqueur gold .
tr	I	He was certain he had never been so hard in life his .
tr	O	Her mind flashed back to the past few weeks .
tr	I	As I hoped 'd , the trailer nosed in to the hole and tipped up .
tr	I	You don 't have to everyone defend .
tr	I	I my rolled eyes .
tr	O	I 'm still in my shorts and t-shirt form earlier when I was running with Chest .
tr	I	It 's part what of I am .
tr	I	Stomping on somebody 's foot and running wasn 't option an .
tr	O	Where some men might have retrospectively agonized over justification , he spent his energy figuring out where best to hide the bodies .
tr	I	My left shoulder when stung the fabric touched it , but the sensation passed quickly .
tr	O	In doing so , he learned that he had not run in a circle , but that the road had in fact curved back on itself .
tr	O	It would give him a perfect view of her .
tr	I	He leaned forward , shifting his head , trying to catch her line vision of .
tr	O	You 're in danger of sudden drowsiness or even narcolepsy .
tr	I	At least you will not have worry to about traitors among you .
tr	I	In fact , was he surprised that whatever controlled them let them lay dormant for so long .
tr	O	His black hair shone blue when it caught the light , and his dark eyes had an all-knowing hypnotic charm to them .
tr	I	But now , after her transformation , could she have been ten .
tr	I	It would create a backlight , so I crouched blend to my silhouette into the bushes to avoid detection by the guards or passersby on the highway .
tr	O	I missed being around him and I realized I had been falling in love .
tr	O	His mouth closed around the soft swell of her breast and drew her nipple inside .
tr	I	Salvatore was about to protest further , when Breedlove hooked her arm through his and him led away at a leisurely pace towards the railway station .
tr	O	She half smiles and pushes open a stall .
tr	O	My love , she said .
tr	I	Hank : Do you how know to wire a car ?
tr	O	It caught the light of Allison 's silly flashlight app , refracting it beautifully .
tr	I	The men who had brought the food were crowding around the dimming street , keeping to the of center it .
tr	I	They awaited and Adam Drusilla .
tr	I	You 're as polite hell .
tr	O	The goal was to appear docile .
tr	I	Kate wiped daintily her mouth with a napkin .
tr	O	I was your mate before I was born .
tr	O	His words dripped in kindness and what she needed to hear to fill the hollow ache in her heart , but his words were wasted effort .
tr	I	She shut the door and walked into room the .
tr	O	She closed her eyes , the long lashes sweeping down so they lay like two thick black crescents against her pale skin .
tr	I	You asked to me find the fourteenth man for your expedition , and I chose Mr. Baggins .
tr	O	The foyer of the house was hardly a fitting place to be arrested .
tr	O	For that matter , she 'd make sure none of the girls , were allowed to move about unescorted .
tr	I	Fucking pansy ... I 'd never like that guy as much as I right did now .
tr	O	My breath caught in my throat and I swallowed hard .
tr	I	His hands suddenly closed her around throat .
tr	I	' Are feeling you better yet ? '
tr	I	Vader his ignited red lightsaber .
tr	I	He turned picture the over .
tr	I	I didn 't know a lot of specifics , but if Joseph was the mold for those that followed , it was clear learned they by example .
tr	O	It told her that she was going in the right direction .
tr	O	Marriage would bind them together , make it more difficult for John to leave her .
tr	I	She didn 't want to be a spectator at this ceremony any more than Noah to wanted be part of it .
tr	O	He would never do anything on purpose to hurt her .
tr	O	Savitar didn 't move as he watched the last of the wolves clear the room .
tr	I	I would be some spending part of tomorrow with Quinn .
tr	I	I don understand 't . '
tr	I	I slowly work , unused to climbing , but my will is strong .
tr	O	It would almost certainly cause a ruckus , but another team would have moved into place outside the building by the time he could react and run .
tr	I	They 're for down their afternoon nap .
tr	I	He glanced at the spine of book the in his hand .
tr	I	He wanted her to remember that she might have made the first move , but he to liked lead .
tr	I	After all , he had pictures the to prove it .
tr	I	My exploits on road the made me even more discreet with my clothing .
tr	I	Everybody helped themselves sat and around a large table saying very little .
tr	O	The woman within her just flat-out wanted to take him .
tr	I	I felt telling weird anyone .
tr	O	Logan and I wait in eager silence of the long coming news .
tr	I	I would think something and then he would say the nearly same thing out loud .
tr	O	The older man 's presence permeated the place .
tr	O	' You 'll pay for this , Assassin , ' rasped Tamir .
tr	I	It is beautiful , but I don 't right feel wearing it .
tr	O	He shoved his seat away , iron grating across stone tiles .
tr	I	His cell was damp and humid and smelled to him of fish rotting .
tr	O	She chose to help the imbeciles against her better judgment and for what do you ask ?
tr	I	None of the paint on the building was or cracked chipped .
tr	O	It 's on the tip of my tongue but I bite it back .
tr	O	His eyes glitter as they focus in on mine with great ferocity .
tr	I	He puts his back against the footboard of my bed stretches and his legs out on the floor .
tr	O	He 'd done this before .
tr	I	Closing her eyes , she enjoyed the closeness and the sensation of being held , of cherished being .
tr	I	Shouting and shouting until that beautiful language started sound to like the language of hate .
tr	O	I felt weak under his consuming stare , but I didn 't close my eyes .
tr	O	Why had he not seen her weakness ?
tr	I	He swung right his arm around and presented me with a delicate lotus flower .
tr	O	I pulled together a few more pages of research on the ultraviolet catastrophe and its history .
tr	I	It reads : : WARNING You have a new recruit there , Timothy Bradley Hutchins .
tr	I	When the passed moment , silence rained down on them again .
tr	O	She had never wondered why until now , but she could still hear Marley 's words clear in her head .
tr	I	They hear could the crowd chanting for an encore .
tr	I	They certainly taken had well to life in the wetlands .
tr	O	Richard Speck engaged in several episodes of brutal violence before he killed eight nurses .
tr	I	It just so happens that I am uniquely qualified to detect frauds scammers and .
tr	I	She called him on his mobile and instructed him to meet her on the high street bring and his credit card .
tr	I	Jail time assigned was if the sensors were tampered with in your conveyances .
tr	I	' She said lot a of things , ' I said .
tr	O	We can 't take it back even if I wanted to .
tr	I	I had no idea , none all at .
tr	I	Carl recalled a person vague with long braids and knee-length skirts .
tr	O	Eventually , our imaginations would prove not so far-fetched .
tr	O	You 'll always have your own personality , your own sense of humor , your own emotions .
tr	I	The restaurant fairly was busy .
tr	I	Mrs. Spinoza angrily asked with a strong voice that left no room for dissent .
tr	O	A warning for both of them ?
tr	I	I was of sure it .
tr	O	Lucian caught her hand , preventing her from surging ahead of him .
tr	O	I saw where Coulter and Seth entered the grove together .
tr	O	As if the smell of natural musk were too good for them .
tr	O	The big room had windows on three sides , all covered with ancient blinds .
tr	O	Proper as he was , he commanded a somewhat better view than Pete .
tr	I	Nate hoped just they had not messed up whatever map it contained .
tr	O	He gently touched her cheek with one hand and his tone softened .
tr	I	Mary Jo 't didn think she 'd ever been more anxious for a workday to end .
tr	I	Nikolas looked from him to me and nodded , his returning smirk .
tr	O	I walked up the stone walkway with confidence , praying no one was home .
tr	O	Keeping his gaze focused on what he was doing , he filled Dave in on what he had missed .
tr	I	We 'll soon see how great is he . '
tr	I	Though he could not see her eyes , he felt her gaze him raking disdainfully .
tr	I	Flores had broken into store her and wrecked her business , and she had to apologize .
tr	I	I squatted next to the small white crosses , hoping my question didn 't me give away .
tr	I	His arms came around me lifting me the off ground .
tr	I	The stopped music abruptly .
tr	I	I watch his words dawn him upon .
tr	I	So this is how it would be from on now .
tr	O	I found myself giving Waldo a little more credence .
tr	O	Christian , hand shaking , reached for the note and slowly unfolded it .
tr	I	I was no closer to getting out of this hell when than I 'd taken my first step .
tr	I	I know , I feel that too , in way a , ' Charlie agreed .
tr	O	It would be so easy to just let go and drift away to a much more comfortable place .
tr	O	The zombie looked up at me and howled .
tr	I	Nick tossed his head and murmured something , and as he moved , fingers his grazed Kelly 's arm .
tr	I	I was thinking , what would way be the most fun ?
tr	I	You 're kind just of , well , confrontational .
tr	I	He gently took it in his mouth and ran off to enjoy doggie his biscuit .
tr	I	The is world not your sick dad .
tr	O	Cameron sat back down beside her .
tr	O	But she hadn 't lost them .
tr	I	The room stopped spinning and I saw Drew his on knees in front of me .
tr	O	Once I set my sights on a good story , I just never let go . '
tr	O	The shed had grayed with exposure to the elements and part of the roof had fallen into itself , exposing the interior .
tr	I	Elegantly dressed footmen are expertly around handing tall flutes of champagne from silver trays .
tr	I	He forward leaned to kiss her stomach softly , sensually .
tr	O	I tried to quell her anxiety by urging her to tell me why she let things build for so long rather than letting me know earlier .
tr	I	The smell of it makes sick me .
tr	I	He understood now why she 'd said her boss her made skin crawl when he stared at her that way .
tr	O	His clone was in the corner , giving the two women a semblance of privacy .
tr	O	They seemed to be his favorite thing to make .
tr	I	They communicate , and change the nature events of .
tr	O	The scent of a cooking meal soothed something inside him .
tr	I	He closed eyes his and turned his face toward the night sky .
tr	I	In the next were compartment his Velcro slippers which were surprisingly difficult to get on , due to the pain in his back .
tr	I	She wouldn 't be any help , unless Loren had another to cube override her .
tr	O	Cole nods and holds his arms open .
tr	I	Ethan patted my good-naturedly back .
tr	I	Could he tell difference the between her and Beth ?
tr	I	Gregor asked a with wry grin .
tr	I	This wasn about 't my crazy hormones anymore .
tr	I	Couldn 't much be worse than this , not a joke or a laugh , this was serious stuff .
tr	O	We can climb using the arrows .
tr	I	It was the face of a boy sly peering out through rolls of dough .
tr	O	And announcing the hire in front of another candidate was the height of rudeness .
tr	I	Spencer 's fingers released squishy the , buttery piece of ciabatta back into the basket .
tr	I	They all stared at him with wide , made-up heavily eyes and took two steps back .
tr	O	Matt started about the same time as I did .
tr	I	Sugar to started cry .
tr	O	He didn 't look at all disappointed .
tr	O	He found the collar that he had bought for Romulus in a neat circle beneath the window .
tr	O	They were a group of guys in green cloaks who said they were assigned by King Ashraf to run things .
tr	I	Dragon looked helpless as I over bent , and reached into his pocket .
tr	I	' But good say enough for Monica to visit Sheila in hospital ? '
tr	O	It opened its cerulean teardrop eyes a fraction wider .
tr	I	He sees the worry cross my face he and laughs .
tr	O	Not only was Sara in his arms again , but she 'd told him she loved him .
tr	I	He he wished 'd left one with Jake .
tr	O	But this is a legitimate deal , offered legitimately .
tr	O	Allie interrupted , afraid of the word she might choose to finish that sentence .
tr	I	A muscle popped in Aiden jaw 's .
tr	I	I rode her every day before school and her groomed after .
tr	I	That was right all ; she didn 't care as long as George stayed with her .
tr	O	Dare clenched his jaw , which didn 't help his building headache .
tr	O	What do you mean representing ?
tr	O	Mrs. Bethany watched them go , her sharp eyes following them like a hawk follows prey .
tr	O	She could be so annoyingly stubborn sometimes , but this time , she was dealing with forces beyond her understanding .
tr	I	What said Hal couldn 't be true -- it couldn 't !
tr	O	Contrary to what Carbonell seemed to think .
tr	I	He stuffed Boots into the pack heaved and her onto his back .
tr	O	The next few hours Ransom passed in searching the island for food and for Weston .
tr	O	Convinced I have had some kind of dream , I slowly get up and open my weary eyes .
tr	I	Savannah glared Snow at me .
tr	I	Nate 's flashed eyes .
tr	O	When we say ' mated ' we 're not talking about sexual intercourse , you idiot .
tr	O	But the main subject was to do with burials .
tr	O	He raised the glass and stared blindly at the liquid inside .
tr	O	I rushed toward the sound , crashing my way through the Fae who barred my path without any care for which side they were on .
tr	O	He lowered his mouth to the tip of one breast and tugged it between his lips .
tr	O	Hemp looked directly into Max 's eyes .
tr	O	Adams acknowledged , and told the two officers to wait until all four of them were able to confront the target together .
tr	O	Uh , it 's not in here .
tr	I	I felt my face red turning .
tr	O	It was Leslie 's elderly aunt who explained to the child that there would be no custody battle .
tr	I	Three wraiths bounded into the from courtyard outside .
tr	O	She came across satirical .
tr	O	They are real , she thought , recalling the previous night 's dreams .
tr	I	He drew in deep a breath .
tr	O	She handed him a triplicate form .
tr	O	she sputtered , clutching Beau 's hands .
tr	I	One wanted she to rush .
tr	O	A boom on the other side of the room drew our attention away .
tr	I	One hand disappeared under the robe and she drew out a knife small , the blade perhaps two inches long .
tr	I	I sense him lean forward until his mouth is close my to ear .
tr	I	Red colored her cheeks as she snapped menu the in the direction of our server .
tr	I	Then I drove to 's Kristin house .
tr	O	He was tall and thin with skin almost as pale as mine and hair every bit as dark .
tr	I	The idea of made knocking goose bumps rise on her arms .
tr	I	And he carried gun a .
tr	I	The force of the water had pushed the Eagle over , and within seconds it was on side its .
tr	O	I cleared my throat .
tr	O	No , but she has full gear -- same weapons , everything .
tr	O	He then realized why she was here .
tr	I	I 'd never that experienced kind of emotional pain .
tr	O	Ty 's thrusts into Zane 's mouth turned short and quick and hard as he began to shudder .
tr	O	I thought you 'd come looking for me !
tr	I	There a was Hard One just outside the cavern .
tr	O	No human will survive Her awakening .
tr	O	She centered the diamond choker on her neck and moved into the ballroom .
tr	O	He probably didn 't also know they were free of their bonds now .
tr	I	Once again gaze her flicked to his .
tr	I	But suddenly silence fell over the goblins and they fell back a little ways and for a they while left the ridge alone .
tr	I	At side his , I raised my swords and swiped them over his side .
tr	O	She 's aware of you at all times , adjusting her movements to your movements .
tr	I	With every touch , every taste , every sound , I felt connection the between us .
tr	I	Gio held up the card in front Tara of .
tr	O	- And what did you say ?
tr	I	Jenny went in for a swim while Polka wandered in off search of some tender blades of grass .
tr	O	The deputies , caught off guard , were slow to raise and fire their weapons .
tr	O	This was a rich man 's idea of a cottage , but then Decker was a rich man .
tr	O	Forgiveness was soon bestowed , as Gwendolen desired to forget her susceptibility to terror .
tr	I	Mikhail knee 's gently pushed her legs apart .
tr	I	Dean Finlay slept with women than younger me all the time .
tr	O	When we reach the end of the next intersection , they stop and I almost bump into them .
tr	O	It didn 't work anymore .
tr	O	He began to speak , telling Luther about all the bits and pieces that he had picked up about Cassie .
tr	O	He really just wanted to be friends .
tr	O	She started coughing , sputtering at the abruptness of his question .
tr	I	The other woman had an innate sense of caring that appreciated Lauren and valued .
tr	O	The platoon leader touched his headset and turned to glance at Chesney .
tr	O	How did this happen twice in two days ?
tr	I	The footman watched her , a mixture of pity and fascination his in eyes .
tr	I	If I stayed there longer , I would 've tried to get a custom job paint done .
tr	I	His voice rang loud and Julia forced her face into his neck , too overcome to join in the to shouts Tammy .
tr	O	A long dark-haired beauty in a harlequin outfit is seated at the table , on one side of a chess board .
tr	I	He didn 't move kil to him or to tag him .
tr	I	The passage twisted and wound , and Celaena found herself descending a narrow of set stairs .
tr	I	We had through been this for almost a week .
tr	O	My friend is up there !
tr	O	A fish slapped the surface downstream .
tr	I	He attempted to include me , but just I couldn 't settle , couldn 't find comfort in this place .
tr	O	He shot her a weird look .
tr	O	He 'd been here for over five hours and hadn 't even thought about work once .
tr	O	Shane , Michael , and Eve closed ranks in front of her before Claire could draw a breath .
tr	O	He carefully enunciated every word .
tr	O	The word did sound familiar .
tr	I	I passed Aiden a glance , but he stared ahead , jaw his set in a rigid line .
tr	O	Sadi went to his red leather case and took out a small glass vial filled with amber liquid .
tr	I	His back straightened , and he lifted head his .
tr	O	Alex thought it was a wonder that he hadn 't been top salesman ; it seemed he could talk himself into anything .
tr	I	Someday and you Neal will both be happier .
tr	I	Craving his too bite ?
tr	I	Not only was the still trail untainted , but the librarians weren 't even up here at this hour .
tr	O	We all get strange when we get older , I guess .
tr	O	I hadn 't had a real dream for years .
tr	I	I pull my blonde hair into a ponytail before heading to the area commons for breakfast .
tr	O	The camp was ahead a quarter mile .
tr	O	I 've not looked at a Fae 's blood before .
tr	O	Clary looked at the Cup in her hand .
tr	I	No one except for the holding man me in the haven of his arms .
tr	O	Thankfully , just the idea of seeing Royston for dinner that evening gave her a renewed blast of energy .
tr	I	I don 't think I have laughed ever that much in my life .
tr	I	There was a leading trail from the beach to the forest closest to where I was parked .
tr	I	Consider custody and the house gifts my to the baby .
tr	O	Roger sighed and looked up at Jacky .
tr	O	I 'll stay home a couple of days from my job - I have a vacation coming .
tr	O	In addition , Dee Ray has accumulated a variety of luggage , the sturdiest cases he could , and all on rollers .
tr	I	The whispers parties at .
tr	I	The elegant sweep of brow his and proud curve of his nose .
tr	I	Callie 't wasn worried about that .
tr	I	' Let touch me you then . '
tr	I	Alec 's voice terse was .
tr	I	A part of him didn 't actually want to know what happened had at the Hangar -- another part of him already knew .
tr	O	I 'm not doing anything to endanger your career or mine .
tr	I	More importantly , he actually seemed care to .
tr	I	Why on earth was I out here a without gun ?
tr	I	But I knew they 't couldn heal me .
tr	O	You go after her if you want her .
tr	O	The waiter returned with Murphy 's beer , and the menus .
tr	I	Her daughter didn 't to need be snapped at like that .
tr	O	It has to be you , and I know it can be done .
tr	I	Love poured from her eyes , only sigh a could escape her mouth .
tr	O	All equipment and personnel available from all intelligence departments .
tr	I	With that , left he the room , going back to the front of the store .
tr	O	Angelina looked at him blankly .
tr	I	I 't can move him .
tr	O	Her head spun and she swallowed back nausea .
tr	O	They 'd escaped the fire in time .
tr	O	I gestured with my head toward the window .
tr	O	The light is no longer a brilliant white , but salmon .
tr	I	' Any of them a leave note ? '
tr	O	I can 't help but glance over at her as we make the journey home .
tr	O	I almost shriek with joy .
tr	O	One was a magnificent woman at least six feet tall , with long rippling dark hair .
tr	I	We ready a response with what we are familiar with , and go to limitless ends to keep conversation there , and consciously subconsciously of course .
tr	I	They 'll be with back help .
tr	O	He lifted her chin and kissed her hard .
tr	I	The was mission empty .
tr	I	There could be one only explanation .
tr	O	Serena looks back at the king , frowning .
tr	I	My head was swimming with the unclean in power the place .
tr	O	His head came up to my waist as he slithered along the marble hall toward the kitchens .
tr	O	The brain interface is set in the part that curves behind my ear .
tr	I	He 's going to be something else , else someone .
tr	I	They may even put us witness into protection .
tr	O	If he could get rid of the rage , then Jackie would be safe .
tr	I	I leave a quick kiss on her neck makes that her shudder before I speak again .
tr	I	In the house tree .
tr	O	Rich Purnell concentrated on his computer screen .
tr	O	At her words , I stopped dead .
tr	I	Eveline do could nothing but stare in shock at the other woman 's vehemence .
tr	I	On the inside was a witch young .
tr	I	With that put resolution to bed she made her way out on to the playing field .
tr	O	Serena switches hands , holding it out of his reach .
tr	I	But then why he would tell Rio where to find Grace and that she needed him ?
tr	O	It takes some getting used to .
tr	I	An old shrine to an old god sat in the corner , painted in red adorned and with an offering of oranges .
tr	O	He only showed up with her .
tr	I	You 've brought upon shame us all .
tr	I	Laurence looked back at the villagers , who stared up at him pale sweating and .
tr	O	Because he didn 't make mistakes .
tr	I	She looked at in it bewilderment realizing he had been in her apartment and had stolen this .
tr	O	Cassie turned to Scarlett .
tr	I	You going tell to me who to talk to from here ?
tr	I	I don 't know I what 'd do if you left .
tr	I	He sighed and scrubbed back the hair tumbling on his with forehead both hands .
tr	O	It wouldn 't look good if one of his superiors would walk in and saw all that ruckus during his shift .
tr	O	Roxy gripped her so hard it hurt .
tr	O	They looked at me as like I was possessed by the gods .
tr	O	He flashed another , more sincere smile , revealing a perfect set of teeth .
tr	I	I stared at her knowing my eyes wide were .
tr	I	It was small and cramped and the king-sized bed was up made of twin beds pushed together .
tr	O	That might be the time to think of coming home . '
tr	O	And now , she spent most of her time waiting for him to wake up .
tr	O	His eyes were sad , and Echo could feel the heaviness of his heart .
tr	O	Bad for him because it was clear there were no technical knockouts in this game and he looked like he could use one .
tr	I	His pale skin glistened in the and moonlight his face bore no distinct lines to reveal his age .
tr	I	Cassidy laugh 's was weak .
tr	O	Katherine pushed the medallion toward the back of the countertop .
tr	O	The little blue polka-dotted boxers and matching tank top she was wearing shouldn 't have been so damn sexy .
tr	I	She came finally around .
tr	O	Man is she intuitive .
tr	I	I can wait for she when 's ready .
tr	I	Why would he me want ?
tr	O	Who , or what , is involved ?
tr	I	When he did turn around his eyes let loose with again tears he thought he 'd used up .
tr	I	As regards Will , we have found the cells and have been working on the that assumption he is likely to be in one of them .
tr	O	The woman whose betrayal had wrecked her life .
tr	O	No memory came to tell me how that would feel .
tr	O	But what if the certificates were never found , or what if he had redeemed them and planned to rewrite the will ?
tr	I	Inside there was a simple control panel two and cushioned seats .
tr	O	Relief and happiness slams into me , and that 's how I know this is the right decision .
tr	O	He seemed to be struggling not to shout at the Prince to be more decisive , but instead he turned to me .
tr	O	With her body stiff and angry , she tapped the underside of her chin with a clenched fist .
tr	I	He knew he was on the edge a of cliff , barely holding on .
tr	O	My attraction to Carson was a shock .
tr	O	Next moment , something hurled from the darkness and landed straight in his arms with a whimper .
tr	O	Tell everyone of how Auron was a good friend of mine .
tr	I	Their eyes continually bled from all of the things that had they seen .
tr	O	Anything looks or feels off to any of you while you 're on this mission , you phone in .
tr	I	On the terrace , one of the men was talking on the phone while the other up scanned and down the beach .
tr	O	He now felt she was being totally honest with him and not playing any games .
tr	I	I want ask to you something .
tr	I	You didn 't want even it .
tr	I	If she wanted to go slow , that was fine he ; was a patient man .
tr	I	Even though he had gotten a small one , Aidan imagined it dwarf would Mason 's small form for quite a while .
tr	I	Stop the response auto-immune and the pancreas will heal itself over time .
tr	I	After dinner Michael dismissed the servants and poured Cointreau the himself .
tr	O	Conner stood up from the table and cleared their two plates .
tr	I	Then they entered the basketball court , where the ceremony graduated a class of students 900 .
tr	I	She was more of a hero than any Shadowhunter that Magnus had met ever .
tr	O	Quietly her chest heaved with heartbreak .
tr	I	Except for you , all my friends either are in Nam or Canada or getting stoned in a field of daisies somewhere .
tr	O	It was well west of us and it was hard to tell from this vantage point where the storm was heading .
tr	O	They 've been good to me , Sofia .
tr	I	In another she instant saw what it was .
tr	I	My folded body in on itself .
tr	O	Was he very big ?
tr	O	And they 're heading right this way .
tr	I	Nobody else seemed be to suffering the same problem , she noticed .
tr	O	If it gets too high , we change our plan of attack .
tr	I	Had her put in unimaginable danger .
tr	O	Ramon groaned involuntarily , startled and ashamed by the loudness of his voice .
tr	I	He laughs again , the sound a of madman .
tr	I	The first of wave shock hit me hard .
tr	I	The note read : Breakfast was nice but dinner be would nicer .
tr	I	And was Sable his prey .
tr	O	Hart pushed himself away from the door frame , giving cursory nods to those who tried to gain his attention , and made his way to Eleanor .
tr	O	That didn 't go like I wanted it to .
tr	I	She gave a him full smile .
tr	I	I won ever 't forget you .
tr	O	The barkeep paused with his answer .
tr	I	Andrew the and other me sat on the couch together .
tr	I	The last thing she needed was for their argument to be witnessed avid by onlookers .
tr	I	cried seeing Celeste the fear in the rolling eyes of the horse .
tr	O	Turner came up to stand beside him , geared up and ready to go .
tr	I	If I shook any harder from the cold , I dislocate might something .
tr	O	I just got off the phone with my agent .
tr	I	I tuned them and out checked email again .
tr	O	He was still on the floor trying to shake off the cobwebs in his head .
tr	O	Then his better judgment ceased to exist .
tr	I	Rather than continue arguing , Lindy to returned the kitchen .
tr	O	Someone 's unauthorized dog barks from another apartment .
tr	O	She cleared her throat .
tr	O	God knows , I 'm trying real hard not to breathe at the moment .
tr	I	Surely , there would no be more unpleasant disputes then .
tr	I	She chewed on her cheek for moment another .
tr	O	I mean , really squeeze through .
tr	O	whispered Olmec , livid , while the others crouched in speechless horror .
tr	I	I was just victim another to him .
tr	O	You can 't help us .
tr	O	He had a gift with words .
tr	O	I am the worst offender .
tr	O	The ones that take you from one place to another ?
tr	O	I thrash my arms around and can no longer contain my rage .
tr	O	This was true on Saturday , as it was for the rest of the week .
tr	I	She glanced over the at bar , which was now overly crowded .
tr	O	She took his hand in hers and Alex felt his body quiver ever so slightly at her touch .
tr	O	His robe begins to singe and melt away as if the tightly constricting balls were coated with acid .
tr	I	But later , my Granny old Grapes came to me .
tr	O	Seeing the place where the man left a bruise on her soft skin , he touched it .
tr	O	She had to make an effort to form coherent sentences .
tr	I	The three men scrambled for cover as the club whooped over heads their .
tr	I	He shut it down watched and in the mirror .
tr	I	A small boat with three scuba inside divers was motoring to the center of the quarry .
tr	I	What will do you ?
tr	O	The man landed hard and grunted as he hit the floor again .
tr	I	The others had mostly out filed of the hall ; they milled around discussing the decision in low tones .
tr	I	Polite conversation was I all could manage .
tr	O	I would accept my destiny , but it would be the destiny that I chose .
tr	I	Stare at office his door .
tr	I	Stefan pul ed both girls to him and caught them so that they al three landed behind just his brother .
tr	O	I took in the spacious open room that looked a lot like every other frat house I 'd been in .
tr	O	A warning promising violence and retribution to all who associate themselves with the Romans .
tr	I	At first , was she completely befuddled as to where she was .
tr	I	Star so was much like a real human being , and ... Suddenly , he experienced a brilliant flash of understanding .
tr	I	Something wasn right 't .
tr	I	They passed into C Cylinder , on their way to bunks the .
tr	O	He barely heard the bands snap at his forearms and chest .
tr	O	She knew her behavior was infantile , but she couldn 't help feeling relieved nevertheless .
tr	O	Dwight went to the side of the table and pointed to the box .
tr	O	* * * I stayed in my bedroom , wondering how to break it to Colette gently .
tr	O	She continued pacing around the front of the room .
tr	I	Somebody probably you heard screaming and reported it .
tr	O	I had to concentrate on keeping her elevated and work her over to the truck .
tr	I	Evie wondered if he 'd actually got into a fight one with of the other men there .
tr	O	I returned to the kitchen and made another pot of coffee .
tr	I	Run and tell the Council that plan your failed .
tr	I	Two more heartbeats before her pulse kicked overdrive into .
tr	I	Mr. grudgingly Spinoza nodded .
tr	I	As got she up to leave , Preston stood and hugged her , too .
tr	I	There no is one waiting to intercept him .
tr	O	They 'd been watching us the whole time .
tr	O	I pushed away my bowl and rested my elbows on my kitchen table .
tr	O	Everything in me began to splinter .
tr	O	Kylie shifted her focus back to Mrs. Lakes but she didn 't know how to answer .
tr	I	She cared Zander about , and he cared about her .
tr	I	The waiter came back with Jacob 's black visa card and he slipped onto it his money clip .
tr	O	I was curious why they chose to listen instead of jamming on the dance floor .
tr	O	Every day he encountered such spirits , though none had been as pure as hers .
tr	I	Felix and Ben were both a bit when surprised Abigail said I was going to be riding with her to the library .
tr	O	Then again , it 's probably something really , really obscure .
tr	I	She 's been next to me during the whole ordeal , sharing strange broken conversations nothing about .
tr	I	I promised myself I 'd call them in Seattle and let them they know could question me after the holidays .
tr	O	Dean turned to address the next words to Agent Briggs .
tr	I	Its was work here .
tr	O	Senator Rhodes has the personality and ethics of a lizard .
tr	O	Logan struggled , but Adam joined Nick and the fight was over in seconds .
tr	I	In his spare time , Brandon draws and majors Computer in Science .
tr	I	I just wished it 't didn involve snowmobiles and icy drives .
tr	I	When we were pretty sure the party died had down , we went back to the house .
tr	O	It 's a regular breeding ground up there !
tr	I	She stepped out of bathroom the .
tr	O	She was concerned , but hadn 't wanted to admit as much .
tr	I	But he couldn look 't away , while she simply couldn 't watch .
tr	I	The scent of charred human flesh with blended the odor of cigar smoke and expensive Scotch as the meeting continued .
tr	O	She didn 't have to put on airs when she with him .
tr	I	Explain to him situation our and request his help .
tr	I	The thing climbed to on it - its feet felt like pins - and looked at her expectantly .
tr	O	The guard who stealthily entered was tall and overweight .
tr	O	He made a sound of approval deep in his chest and she continued to boldly , feverishly undress him .
tr	O	Unable to confront the dumb ox at this moment , Rhona scrambled out the door , keeping low and moving quick .
tr	I	Your designs are pretty so !
tr	I	When his laughter died down , her breath caught in throat her at the look in his eyes .
tr	O	That earned her a fiery glare .
tr	I	Beautiful women long in green and white dresses .
tr	O	I yanked my bottled water from my bag and downed half of it .
tr	I	I cast eyes my to the roof .
tr	O	Still , why did Mom talk so freely to Grandma Mary when it took me the last three weeks to wring the information out of her ?
tr	I	The rage unlocked demon the inside me .
tr	I	The comment from came the next fence post , eight feet away .
tr	O	Dorian raised his brows , and she sighed .
tr	I	Owens didn seem 't convinced .
tr	O	He 'd gotten to the age where he appreciated a woman for qualities other than her sex drive .
tr	O	A simple Yes would have done , Alex thought .
tr	I	And in my own way can I smell it too .
tr	O	He took his eyes off the road long enough to give her a thorough inspection .
tr	I	Eve glanced over her shoulder at living the room .
tr	O	Damocles finished with a smile that made Styx struggle to maintain his icy calm .
tr	O	She wished he would just lose control , take her and not hold anything back .
tr	I	I glanced at pointedly the guard .
tr	O	I guess my garters are showing .
tr	I	I shifted in uncomfortably my seat .
tr	I	She looked , determined to remove the obstacle , but she saw the only bronze of Aden 's skin .
tr	O	Dori stopped dead as she walked onto the deck carrying a glass of juice .
tr	O	And as for the assassin ... once her injuries were healed , what better person to have at his bidding ?
tr	I	Rachel stayed silently his at side .
tr	I	' Is magic it ? '
tr	O	They looked around and tried to figure out a graceful way to end this meal without them killing each other .
tr	I	Leslie hugged her knees in the booth , eyes big as she shallow breathed with a wheezing sound .
tr	I	She a gave nervous nod .
tr	O	He sent them both dark looks .
tr	O	You will write what I tell you to .
tr	O	Both utilities had been shut off before and in her opinion the companies were rather sneaky about it .
tr	O	And she was determined not to be there .
tr	O	He also had a heavy dose of charisma , like Davido , a specialty among the more powerful trolls .
tr	I	Todd a heaved sigh of relief .
tr	O	Then , Julian looked closer at Sebastian 's memories .
tr	I	Then he was between my legs , burying himself inside me with one great thrust and making me out cry with need .
tr	O	Lynn sat up straight in her chair , a frightened look on her face .
tr	O	Maybe living with her father and working for him had started out okay , but after only six weeks it was putting a strain on their relationship .
tr	I	The only thing I wanted to visualize him doing was and paperwork counting money at the end of the night .
tr	I	This had to be a my trick brain was playing .
tr	I	He chewed it and swallowed it and he then began to speak .
tr	O	Charles worked his way around the jumble of buoys and picked the route to North Pass .
tr	O	All around Lina began to hear a vast sea of voices and soon they had forms which moved .
tr	O	Her words should have pleased him .
tr	O	I wish I could tell you this is a happy story .
tr	I	Unfortunately I can keep 't you in bed twenty-four hours a day .
tr	O	Mom calls up the stairs to Travis and me .
tr	I	I would try to choke down a few bites Mark for 's sake .
tr	I	Often it is used to provide shade or shelter under which can be assembled tables , etc. chairs .
tr	I	But really , I 'll be waiting James for , knowing he 'll show up sooner or later .
tr	I	A scaffolding forgotten pole .
tr	O	Don 't bother with print shops , just the ones operating out of industrial premises .
tr	O	Even the street sellers avoided them , but they were profitable .
tr	O	I have heard so many screams that the whole town must be hoarse .
tr	O	She looked at Simon and felt a wave of sadness .
tr	I	She hands it me to .
tr	I	He things made interesting .
tr	I	Bland Simone wasn 't quite as oblivious as played she .
tr	I	Two guys with the of complexion corpses , one blond , one redhead , confronted me .
tr	O	He threw his arm up to guard his face .
tr	O	Without really thinking , I curled my fingers around his .
tr	O	He smelled like rotting meat .
tr	I	Elizabeth slowed her step and at wiped her eyes .
tr	O	And , by the time he 'd found the means , he was too small .
tr	I	As I gazed over on my left , I could see dark clouds storm in the distance forming on the horizon .
tr	O	He knew exactly what he did 180 to Nick when he started talking like that .
tr	O	Molly closed her eyes .
tr	O	The earl 's hand at her waist slipped inside the opening and cupped her breast through her night rail .
tr	I	Tell me what you 've been up this to last season .
tr	O	It was the only thing we could do .
tr	I	I flashed over to the and door opened it .
tr	I	The one that held me was the kind you don 't bother even to get the meat from , the reward not being worth the effort .
tr	O	Then sounded the metallic ring as the marked man drew a dagger from its iron scabbard .
tr	O	He tried the next , which didn 't fit either .
tr	I	He wanted to rip them all apart to find out what they knew about Sylvia attacker 's .
tr	I	And they won 't appreciate her dressing that like . '
tr	I	Hunter had dragged me to the of front the crowd of us , as far away from Kade as possible .
tr	I	There only was telling silence .
tr	O	Dairy farmers are big supporters .
tr	I	It like feels it 's always going to happen .
tr	O	She got the impression that he was only interested in her as someone to fill in time with until someone better came along .
tr	O	Could he really help it if his charcoal gray Charger demanded to be driven a little recklessly once in a while ?
tr	I	We 're in a hotel room , the topic is sex , and 're we discussing it as if we 've been friends forever .
tr	I	Maybe she it imagined , but he might be walking a bit faster .
tr	I	Even the skin was there pasty and gray .
tr	O	She filled a jug with water and grabbed a glass from the dish rack .
tr	O	When did he find out ?
tr	I	A string of drool oozed of out the side of his open mouth .
tr	I	It looked peaceful serene and and he thought of why he had it painted in the first place .
tr	O	In the center of the stage , Mr. Frick raised the stick and the music began .
tr	I	She 'd maybe , barely , been an independent these soul last ten days ; she was no longer .
tr	O	The anonymous girl is staring across the cabin at Will .
tr	O	Cain interlaced his fingers with hers and kissed the back of her hand , his eyes never leaving hers .
tr	I	I blink a few times as I feel pats on back my from my teammates .
tr	I	I look away from him and toward the small corridor we 're heading for , Jasper Chamber , a discreet hall branching away from the ballroom main .
tr	I	When the crowd neared a frenzied state , Julian whipped it into the air like prize a .
tr	O	Well , he did cash them , but he also made a visit to the sheriff 's department .
tr	O	Claire leaned forward and peered through her half of the grate , which was still in place .
tr	O	Exactly ten minutes after closing out the till , locking up the store and making the deposit , Alix walked into Annie 's .
tr	O	I tried again to talk her into taking one of my cars , but she wouldn 't hear of it .
tr	O	Lately he seemed to be at odds with the mayor over a number of issues .
tr	I	Selena forced her gaze from away his face and concentrated on the dart in his hip .
tr	O	I would continue at St. Helens in the city and Evie would attend the local public school .
tr	I	We had Tartarus entered .
tr	I	Needless to say , followed silence .
tr	O	He stood quickly , trying to get somewhere but he didn 't seem to know where .
tr	O	Goddamn superpower with the ability to blow up the world a thousand times over , but can 't manage clean water on a train .
tr	I	She glanced up as he spoke , and the love that filled her eyes made him his catch breath .
tr	I	he against murmured the inviting swell of her breast .
tr	O	The man waited for me in the galley .
tr	O	He took a step back .
tr	O	They watched silently as Alex and her swarm crossed the yard again .
tr	O	She turned away , but watched him out of the corner of her eye ; trying to analyse his expression .
tr	O	I am left with seventeen piles of books without a home , so I line them up in front of the shelf until they look remotely tidy .
tr	I	A couple of the kids hooted pumped and their fists .
tr	I	She took a deep breath to calm herself and sat down carefully her on neatly made bed , unwilling to disturb anything .
tr	I	He told me that Nate isn 't me like .
tr	I	But life had come to it , in the form of monks fleeing barbarism the of a Europe in chaos .
tr	I	Sitting up on own her seemed very important right now .
tr	O	She couldn 't tell him that there was no way she could sever the tie that bound her to him .
tr	O	I smile back , and , quickly lifting my jar , copy her .
tr	I	Prue held on to him he as carried her up the flight of stairs to their bedroom .
tr	I	But Oakes was busy somewhere and had she seized this opportunity .
tr	I	Receiving no yet answer again , he became frustrated .
tr	I	I trusted him to want good things me for .
tr	O	A second man entered adding a violent kick to his stomach .
tr	I	Her body still with quivered small aftershocks .
tr	O	Seems like Salina 's taken that to heart more than most .
tr	I	I was more worried what about Lyla knew .
tr	I	He felt guilty enough as was it , because Barret was right .
tr	O	But when you 're not thinking clearly , it 's my job to set you straight .
tr	I	Not even an hour later , a was minivan delivered .
tr	O	Sheriff Stanley was a young guy , maybe thirty-two .
tr	O	His usual confident expression was absent .
tr	O	The demon rose , hungry , insatiable , punching him hard with a fierce , possessive desire .
tr	I	The roof now was as complete as the walls , and only the doorway remained .
tr	I	The appliances were ; expensive the electronics were state of the art , the windows were floor to ceiling and the thread counts high hundreds .
tr	I	Ashe out pointed the numbers .
tr	O	He seemed so indistinct , even with the prescence his voice and eyes commanded .
tr	O	Next , I found the mud masks in the grocery bag on the kitchen counter .
tr	I	He didn 't pause even or hesitate .
tr	I	We know all about it .
tr	I	At that point , of one the other members of our tour who was sitting behind us leaned forward .
tr	I	Nurse Kell places her hand on shoulder my .
tr	O	Aria smiled at the older woman 's efficiency .
tr	I	He slowly , quietly entered and over walked to his inner office .
tr	I	Had he said a word to me think I my heart would have stopped .
tr	O	Behind us were Lissa 's other mates .
tr	O	Several inches taller than he was , she easily bore his weight as she kept an arm around him .
tr	O	Minimum three minutes long , max ten .
tr	O	I followed , even so tired and spent that I felt weak , because I didn 't want her to slip away again while I was sleeping .
tr	O	Hornets nested on the ground , and this was prime territory for them : quiet areas close to trees .
tr	I	The glaring headache turned into a searing pain , and Quinn vomited lake water and the remnants his of lunch all over the floor .
tr	O	She doesn 't wait for an answer .
tr	I	That him chilled , too .
tr	O	A sledge hammer to the top to drive it down into the earth and you had a fence post .
tr	O	But then he 'd always had a thing for brunettes .
tr	I	This was soon all to change .
tr	I	So I another tried tactic .
tr	O	He was worried about Onyx 's state of mind .
tr	O	Julian bellowed his valet 's name .
tr	O	As Samara and Aquarius approached the outskirts they left the highway and headed across a field toward a group of buildings .
tr	O	It was going to be a scorcher .
tr	I	There very was little light .
tr	I	Sean then took it from him went and through the door opposite of his bed .
tr	O	In time , he replaced those roving hands with his mouth .
tr	O	He wanted her gone .
tr	O	It sounded as if it came from over the next rise in the trail .
tr	O	And coupled with that , she said , it is a shame to waste good things .
tr	I	She wasn the 't killer Eric believed her to be .
tr	I	The Erudite woman her drops gun .
tr	O	Okay , maybe it is nerves I 'm feeling .
tr	O	I worked until closing that night and didn 't get home until around ten .
tr	O	Meanwhile , businesses went under because customers lost faith in them .
tr	O	There is no way to bring back the animals otherwise .
tr	O	What if the bullet took away my invincibility ?
tr	O	Snake stepped between us and I suppressed an eye roll .
tr	O	The only other way into the apartment was a small balcony .
tr	I	Michael 's furrowed brow .
tr	I	The air ship thunders with scraping of metal , when recognize I the sound .
tr	I	He clicks the lights off as I lay huddled in my far corner , my back him to .
tr	I	The only refuge was the gym , but the dark silhouette on the other side of the street stood between and her the entrance .
tr	O	That I had to fight the urge to rip the guy 's fucking head off every time I thought about what he 'd done didn 't matter .
tr	I	This just thing looked too perfect to be a fake .
tr	O	Her mouth curved in a wry , lopsided smile , but she felt no humor .
tr	O	Adel nods his head in agreement .
tr	O	He always had , always would .
tr	I	• advise To beneficiaries and stakeholders on appropriate methods of cost minimization and resource management .
tr	O	My legs no longer worked properly and I fell backwards onto the couch , landing with a thump as my butt hit the cushion .
tr	O	No one noticed the small blur slip past after Dmitri .
tr	I	His were eyes nearly swollen shut .
tr	O	Well , Trinity had to admit at least they could put some ground between them and the two asleep .
tr	I	His is face strained .
tr	O	He looks at it the screen ; the name of the caller sends his heart racing .
tr	O	It didn 't make it over the edge .
tr	O	Didn 't Tony know she 'd perish without food or water ?
tr	O	I started to get worried ; perhaps it was my personal hygiene .
tr	I	It was hard enough to find the confidence he knew he needed to last - and win - the over course of a season .
tr	I	I scanned crowd the of little people skirting the chunks fractured from the fallen limestone .
tr	O	I put my finger to my lips as I get to my feet .
tr	I	Jackson groaned as he opened his eyes , his gaze pinning me as he guided head the of his erection into my wet folds .
tr	I	He was going get to Cameron back in only a few short ours .
tr	O	The door to Americana opened , and I heard the entire bar suck in their collective breath .
tr	I	Hannah nervously back stepped .
tr	O	Why stare at priceless works of art for hours on end when you could look at fake , inflated boobies ?
tr	O	Why am I here right now ?
tr	O	When he tore his shirt off over his head , she was thrilled to have even more expanse of tanned skin to explore .
tr	O	A gate pierced the side of the wall and fence with tall , steel doors that rose all the way up the vertical height of the fence .
tr	O	He cared about his family , would do anything for them .
tr	I	Sato his held breath .
tr	O	We must act now , before it is too late .
tr	I	I was quite with pleased my productivity as I strolled out the front doors .
tr	O	Brenna asked , though it was more a statement than a question .
tr	I	And that one definitely is mineral a deposit .
tr	O	For a moment they took him away from his dank cell and the pain wracking his body .
tr	O	Then she popped it into her mouth .
tr	O	Deciding not to give her the opportunity to argue the point further , he captured her mouth with his .
tr	O	How was I going to get this out without hurting her feelings ?
tr	O	Whoever did this might have done a service .
tr	O	It was just the weak , flat tone of my memories .
tr	O	And we all know you can 't deal with it while you 're here at work .
tr	I	Mr Fletcher catches to up us , grabbing onto the back of our shirts .
tr	I	But he his kept head , despite the very unpleasant sensation , and managed to seize hold of the tree in his jaws and wrest it away .
tr	I	Alethea 's widened eyes .
tr	O	And he would probably have to kill Racer to do it .
tr	O	His flight suit stretched across his broad , reliable shoulders , almost pulling out the wrinkles she never could seem to iron free .
tr	O	Antonia could only stare .
tr	O	Somebody wanted me to call them !
tr	I	What it is you want ?
tr	I	Ah , well , she thought she as took a reluctant step forward .
tr	O	Carter had been in Seattle for a couple hundred years .
tr	I	She didn 't want wake to her mother and she definitely didn 't want to risk the wrath of the man who now fancied himself her guardian .
tr	I	In way a , that moment marked the death of my innocence .
tr	I	William moved the Eye to focus on 's Alfred face .
tr	I	Turning around , he walked to back the zone , leaving me there breathless and staring after him until he was gone .
tr	I	They stopped had in front of Jace 's room , on the threshold .
tr	I	Liam put his warm , strong hand on where hers it rested on the table .
tr	O	Finally horns cut through the idle chatter and the room grew quiet .
tr	I	Didn 't you say this was ship originally meant for deep-sea research ?
tr	I	And through the evening , she was watching her host , trying to see what was going on in head his .
tr	I	A long stretch of choppy sea between them made good for peace of mind .
tr	O	Then he smirked , still not taking his eyes off the road .
tr	I	Once she realized baby that was dead , she would lose her shit and possibly injure herself .
tr	I	I could have told them that he innocent was .
tr	I	He continued to guide the aircraft eastward through the darkness to undisclosed the destination .
tr	I	She wondered if driver the was in some kind of trouble .
tr	I	He turned the in saddle , looking back at Johnnie , while heading east across the grass as fast as he could go .
tr	I	But it 's what are they to you together that 's making this so hard .
tr	I	My adjust eyes slowly on the Shipper Level .
tr	I	It was much better for me to stick to like girls Jess , girls with no expectations , no specific lists of qualifications , no strings .
tr	I	Forever yours , Mary Ellen - January 1944 Dearest William , I don 't know why I surprised am .
tr	I	She shakes her head and her throat is jerking as she back works a choke .
tr	O	You want to destroy me .
tr	I	' Is there pressing something for you to attend to at the Vale ? ' '
tr	I	But he telling dreaded you , so he put it off .
tr	O	Painter sank deeper in his seat , his heart thudding harder as he considered the hunters already on Kai and the professor 's trail .
tr	I	Hicks bends his body forward as he laughs braces and himself against his mechanical colleague .
tr	O	Etched into the door is one word : FOUR .
tr	I	It 's what normal any girl would do .
tr	I	Anthony explains to me by that candy , Ross means ammunition and weapons .
tr	I	At least a knife had uses other .
tr	O	Millie spun around and watched cautiously .
tr	O	He coughed as he inhaled it , peering through the haze at the stage .
tr	I	As they on started their way , Halen could see the other boys in his grade whispering and pointing in their direction .
tr	I	That helped go towards expenses college , too .
tr	O	The referee stepped between them and ordered Valeria to go to a neutral corner .
tr	I	Can 't tell you ?
tr	I	How big was it ; wondered she .
tr	I	Still stunned , she walked back to her desk and slumped in chair her .
tr	O	But then he 'd entered the NFL and his first brush with fame and too much money had tumbled him like wet cement in a mixer .
tr	I	Especially not now , when her own emotions had such taken a beating .
tr	I	We stopped on the far side of the and cabin climbed out .
tr	I	And something she didn 't want to about think .
tr	O	For several moments the discussion focused on areas Nadia suggested he examine more closely .
tr	O	But that strength can dwindle away suddenly , leaving me weak and defenceless .
tr	O	I knew he would make sure it was perfect .
tr	I	The only indication he that heard her was a slight shift in his gaze from the spot beyond her head to her face .
tr	O	My window was two floors up !
tr	O	Surely , Katie would see the danger ahead and take action .
tr	I	Alec indicated with a curled that hand the girls should follow him .
tr	O	Then why ain 't you goin now ?
tr	I	Farther into the room , he saw a dark walnut desk in a mild of state disarray , as if the work had been abandoned in haste .
tr	I	The pads of his fingers left a burning trail on my thighs bare ; I was suddenly very , very grateful that I hadn 't worn pantyhose .
tr	O	He can 't defend against them both .
tr	O	More dust cascaded and danced down the beams of light .
tr	I	Thayer 's eyes narrowed , and he made a small , noise incredulous at the back of his throat .
tr	I	She was to coming him .
tr	O	He would not leave until he had a promise .
tr	O	I found a woman 's skirt torn inside and used that to fashion two sticks for a cross grave marker for him .
tr	O	~ ~ I see his pale gray eyes watching me through the crowded market , and I know I should look away , but I cannot .
tr	I	Sitting up , Levana allowed the servant to set tray the across her lap and tuck a cloth napkin around her .
tr	O	His voice began to crack .
tr	O	She paused to collect her thoughts and I stayed quiet , refusing to interrupt the explanation I desperately needed .
tr	O	Blood sprays from the tentacles painting the concrete red .
tr	I	' It 's not you who 's supposed to me find . '
tr	O	His dark features were tight and furious , his black eyes snapping with indignation .
tr	O	It posed another attack but then halted staring its furious eyes to the man on her side .
tr	O	He was expected to be back in the house in half an hour , well , if this went to plan .
tr	I	Why had suddenly she decided to flaunt femininity now ?
tr	O	I eventually realized Randall didn 't want me to spend the rest of my life focusing on such trivial social pursuits .
tr	O	Looking for : a like-minded woman .
tr	O	A tall wall enclosed a huge area behind the main building , which Cole assumed was the Cliffside Salvage Yard .
tr	I	I didn 't get how he was to going stand there professing his love for me when I 'd watched him choose my sister .
tr	I	She can 't help feel but responsible .
tr	I	The store seemed empty and the three of them stood stock still for several before moments deciding that the coast was clear .
tr	O	He watched her as she darted down the steps and began poking around the fallen leaves for something she could use .
tr	O	His expression was transformed from a smile of amused triumph to a grimace of horror .
tr	I	On Sunday morning Owen arrived while Hal was still giving David a swimming lesson in the heated pool the on patio .
tr	I	It ´ s going to eat me alive , I m ´ sure .
tr	I	As soon as looked Jane away , Edward was still .
tr	O	It was like the water itself was calling to me and I couldn 't resist .
tr	O	He snorted his disgust .
tr	O	Even in the weak light they could see the streaks of scarlet on one end .
tr	O	There 's something else about him .
tr	O	Every few moments he had to pause his intake of fresh air in order to listen for any response .
tr	O	She shook her head in exasperation .
tr	O	And yet it made sense .
tr	I	She moaned and breathing her increased .
tr	O	He didn 't know that I didn 't have time to check on him .
tr	I	I 'm right here with you , and that 's never going to change , no what matter you do .
tr	O	She got the wholesome , toothsome Swedish good looks from my mother 's side of the family .
tr	O	She 's had to be .
tr	O	I have never encountered a Deviant so ... humanlike .
tr	O	But like every encounter with Grace these days , this exchange hadn 't given him the satisfaction he craved .
tr	I	One of them puckered , drew her skin upward a in parody of a childlike imitation of an Asian .
tr	I	His eyes up filled , and his voice became unsteady .
tr	O	They were both slender and fair , with clear blue eyes and flowing golden hair .
tr	O	But it 's too late .
tr	O	A great rumbling arose , and townsfolk poured out from their homes , lining the streets .
tr	I	She saw something in me , the thing same that Diego saw .
tr	O	Matthew offers me his hand .
tr	I	He blinked , looked down , and found he about was to plunge his fork into a human head .
tr	I	' He it nicked , ' Stu said .
tr	O	I 'm not going to write about him .
tr	O	The youth leader walked by and stopped , watching with him .
tr	O	She wouldn 't put a name to what she was feeling though .
tr	I	He again questioned his presence Harmony in as he attempted to put aside those unsettling coincidences that continued to surface .
tr	I	I carefully lifted 's Ellery head and scooted off the couch .
tr	O	And it is far from what we are .
tr	O	She hadn 't thought to ask if her father had changed the locks or not .
tr	I	If true , 'll they affect trade .
tr	O	Kathleen snagged a paper cup from the table and strode to the machine .
tr	I	Allison cringed at Dan 's voice coming behind from her .
tr	O	Hundreds and hundreds of them .
tr	O	I stared at it for the longest time .
tr	I	Marcie had been right from very the beginning .
tr	O	If you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient .
tr	O	I asked , a bit annoyed that she 'd interrupted my private Zen moment .
tr	O	If there were any way for me to take back my daughter 's folly , I would do it .
tr	I	We make could super low density foams .
tr	I	Not for a moment did the former inspector that believe these two were using their own names .
tr	I	The governor said were they not naturally occurring and need to be trapped .
tr	I	She deserves more death than .
tr	I	His words rational sounded , but his voice was drawn tight underneath .
tr	O	About 15 aisles , a local store that specialized in the things the local people most often needed .
tr	I	Trenton 's voice had an edge to it 'd I never heard before .
tr	I	Martin found himself in nodding agreement .
tr	I	Finding a small amount of delight her at stealth , she swung the door to the bathing room open .
tr	I	Jan stepped out the of shadows of the porch 's corner .
tr	O	There had to be at least 30 of them .
tr	I	I can 't tell you exactly what I felt when she my married father , certainly not anger . '
tr	O	Maybe we can surprise them .
tr	I	In Benson 's case , was it almost a boundary between two computers - his brain and the little computer wired into his shoulder .
tr	I	My lip was partially and swollen the bleeding was subsiding , but I still looked horrible .
tr	I	They then looked back to and Bart waited to see how their compliments would be received .
tr	I	She approached the bed and then tenderly kissed me on forehead the .
tr	I	They might know something , If ' n they not scared too to tell .
tr	O	She agreed to meet us at Greenbrier instead .
tr	I	Where it was isn engineered 't known .
tr	I	I want to a have lot of dogs someday ... and name them after Greek gods .
tr	O	The whole idea was so unappealing to me ; living with someone , being accountable to them at all times , sharing every waking moment .
tr	O	I had to get to that limo .
tr	I	JOSHUA : First , you are married ?
tr	O	But most of their foes would be made of shadow and evil , a deadly combination that Echo would 've gladly avoided if she could .
tr	I	He looked at them suspiciously through his wide glasses , them eyeing carefully .
tr	I	The cops Ethan dragged toward the door .
tr	I	His mother was still beautiful , though her face was a bit wrinkled and cracked with powder , and her auburn hair had few a silver streaks .
tr	I	He made sure she saw him dispatch own his whiskey swiftly , and ordered another , asking to have it served colder .
tr	I	While he was sorry that her sister 's abduction was the catalyst that had them brought together , he would never regret the end result .
tr	I	Clint had seen most of sides the of the Sands , along with most everything sitting up and down the middle of the Sprawl .
tr	O	And , come to think of it , the ubiquitous robot guards were more efficient than any lock could be .
tr	I	She had to on hold to it .
tr	O	Ahead , the street that had thus far been mercifully straight approached a T-junction that would put their forward progress to a sudden and catastrophic end .
tr	I	She 'd grown up very wealthy in the small town outside Seattle of Washington .
tr	O	He was a very possessive man - yet another unusual trait among his kind .
tr	I	His father hand 's rested on Mulberry 's shoulder .
tr	I	He could be flown by helicopter to his personal physician and be sewn up by a doctor in less an than hour .
tr	I	But tomorrow 'll you wake here in California .
tr	I	Deep down , we both must have wanted no this matter how much it hurt .
tr	I	The museum burst into view as they rounded the corner of the building biology .
tr	O	The brisk , cool greeting stunned him with its familiarity .
tr	O	It looked like a movie studio dressing room .
tr	I	His eyes narrowed as he twirled me then pulled me back into arms his .
tr	O	There was something sad about the way he murmured her name , something that reminded Henry far too much of himself .
tr	I	The pillow fell away and a black and white tail up sprang into the air .
tr	O	Knocked on Hutton 's door .
tr	O	Kat turned , concern pinching her face .
tr	O	Once he was defeated physically , he was destroyed emotionally believing that he had lost Rome forever .
tr	O	Izzy shall be an impartial observer .
tr	O	My heart is acting insane , crashing against my chest , like it wants to flee .
tr	O	It was barely more than a whisper .
tr	O	One snap of those manicured fingers and the whole staff would be out of a job .
tr	O	She buried herself in work , stayed home with Robert , and tried to believe it would get better .
tr	O	You 're always wheeling and dealing .
tr	I	The werewolves have scent your .
tr	O	And my mother certainly hadn 't given it to me over the course of the last week .
tr	I	But apparently subconscious his hadn 't .
tr	I	He went back to look for her and ... he found kneeling her beside a tree , weeping .
tr	I	And those who did would love to see him tossed out his on rump .
tr	I	The moment the door closed behind Caleb , collapsed A.J. onto the side of the motel bed .
tr	O	You 're a smart boy .
tr	O	Answered Julie while thinking deeply .
tr	O	Or maybe he was beaten and then thrown overboard .
tr	I	Cade kissed her like a soldier back from a two-year deployment , thankful for the of sense touch and taste .
tr	I	Shield shrugged he but looked worried .
tr	I	Joe asked me about concrete the used for the project , and we got to discussing the differences in the bids on Phase Two .
tr	O	Luckily it didn 't .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure what to do .
tr	O	Clearly , David wasn 't coming up to talk to me anytime soon .
tr	O	I 'll just be another hour or so .
tr	I	Chelsea just her shook head , staring at them as if in disbelief .
tr	O	I looked around and turned every corner with caution for fear that I might run into Tommy .
tr	O	Then he reached down and put his palm against the vulnerable softness he had exposed .
tr	I	I 't can wait to show it to you later .
tr	O	He pointed the hose at her when she looked his way , on a whim pressing the trigger at close range .
tr	I	The ride back across bay the would be brisk .
tr	I	She drove for a little while and the stopped at a station gas off of the interstate .
tr	O	I could go to jail .
tr	I	His was head sticking out of one side of the wall just above the lowest step .
tr	O	More heads went down to their individual computers as they searched the UK Immigration database .
tr	I	Her usual subtlety has been undone pure by rage .
tr	O	I wondered if Tegan felt ready to resume our friendship .
tr	I	I will ingest it until the day die I .
tr	O	Malachi almost mentioned that time wasn 't terribly important , if one knew how to deal with it , but the girl seemed intent on leaving .
tr	I	It can happen that it explodes or sooner later .
tr	O	Lea threw a left jab at Tania , who dodged it by leaning back .
tr	O	He 'd done more than a white man would 've done for me in the same situation .
tr	I	A rolled heart into a perfect circle .
tr	O	I hunkered down to hold out my hand and she came obediently .
tr	O	He wasn 't faced with the terrible choice of living or dying .
tr	I	The program a found new method .
tr	O	He switched the lamp there onto low beam .
tr	I	They me helped do this .
tr	I	Ruby hadn 't been even born yet and Julia was still married to Sean .
tr	I	Doris was also the Jeremy one talked to about his writer 's block .
tr	I	I believe that he died within the last five ten to years .
tr	I	And then something seemed to in shift his eyes and the smile faded from his face .
tr	I	Elise would set up some meetings me for , I would drive out onto the western plains and study the tribes .
tr	I	Her welcoming party wouldn 't any be familiar faces she knew , though .
tr	I	She 'd seen CPR done TV on , but that was it .
tr	I	I have to to go work . '
tr	O	In fact , everything remained exactly as it was before .
tr	I	That had all been an illusion , though , hadn it 't ?
tr	I	The industrial unit was far too big for printing the machinery .
tr	I	Her sank teeth into her lower lip and she regarded me .
tr	I	He was not careful to stand directly before the door as he pulled it open .
tr	I	I a have revelation as I think about heading home .
tr	I	Canyon Diablo is skull dry , And I things hear I can 't remember .
tr	O	Marcus doesn 't have us do easy assignments .
tr	I	He pivoted on his heel and away marched .
tr	O	I gave him a swift glance ; his face was set .
tr	O	Deputy Sam Blake was patiently listening to his wife Serena , screaming at him .
tr	I	He did not expect to see this her time .
tr	O	My boss , the Director , stopped about sixty , but none of us are the age we look .
tr	I	By tacit agreement we 't didn mention the Freak we 'd killed .
tr	O	He reached out and stuck the ticket hard in Zach 's shirt collar .
tr	O	In my limited free time I enjoy gardening and canning , and visiting my parents up north at the cabin on the lake with the whole family .
tr	O	She just wanted to run in the other direction .
tr	O	Cole climbs out of the car and hurries toward me , arms outstretched .
tr	I	The police Intranet had received the upload after the momentum had been re-established the on open internet .
tr	O	He shifted and scooped up his pack .
tr	O	He stopped reaching for me .
tr	I	It 's missile a with wings .
tr	O	If they fought , Lorraine would surely wound or kill him .
tr	I	Only showed Sam some restraint .
tr	I	It 's them not .
tr	O	And one last thing .
tr	O	Even though I 'd managed to laugh and eat my croissant with minimal hand shaking , the truth was slowly devouring me , chunk by chunk .
tr	O	Then he heard the humming .
tr	I	His familiar scent around wrapped her , giving her comfort and arousing her at the same time .
tr	O	Someone gasped below , and she swallowed the urge to glance down .
tr	I	There was no latrine , forcing the prisoners to do their business in corner a of the chapel .
tr	I	I thought you care could less about me .
tr	O	I frown at Grandmother then scan the wall of females .
tr	I	She held a paper wrapped parcel that Amelia teased with a delicious scent .
tr	O	A wave of calmness washed over her .
tr	I	That I wasn 't with you your for money ?
tr	O	Celaena looked at the sealed door , her stomach turning .
tr	O	I forced myself to step back .
tr	I	He lifted gaze his to hers and saw passion glazing her eyes .
tr	O	That salad went down easier and faster than any salad I 'd had all week .
tr	I	It almost was a relief .
tr	O	It was an insulting suggestion .
tr	I	he asked , hoping to at come his goal sideways .
tr	I	As a child , he 'd wanted go to to sea .
tr	O	Who knows what she ´ ll do next ?
tr	O	Still , it distracted me enough that I didn 't cry .
tr	O	Her husband helped her to the lobby , and I gave her an ice pack .
tr	O	He stretched and stifled a yawn .
tr	O	asked Seth through the interlink .
tr	O	He throws the football to my side and I have to move quickly to catch it .
tr	O	You 're quite sound .
tr	O	As far as I know , she never even assisted in any , so it seems very strange that he would put her in that environment .
tr	O	But Drake caught her shoulder .
tr	O	Before the window could be installed , however , stonemasons were busy shoring up the sides and creating the fitting .
tr	O	The teen replied and marched away .
tr	O	Many villages had been destroyed by his anger .
tr	O	The wave fully crashed on me , I buckled against the weight of the sand and their clawing , I was about to collapse completely .
tr	I	' The trip here take will hours and hours . '
tr	I	Or maybe the fact that and Eirik I finally kissed was the cause .
tr	I	He 'd to tried make it good for her through the pain .
tr	O	Instead of blood , they take your soul into their body , and once it 's there , it starts to wither and die .
tr	I	Chris closed the safety and bar Rachael pushed the button .
tr	I	The grass here was long , brushing against my as calves I walked .
tr	O	It would be impossible to build such a palace .
tr	I	What you got is the same as I what kept for myself .
tr	I	I screamed as I plummeted , as the broad expanse of sky over loomed me .
tr	O	He shook his head with that challenging look in his eyes that never failed to cause shivers of anticipation to run through her body .
tr	I	Mark the caught cane with his left hand .
tr	I	I 've had enough pain my in existence .
tr	I	I was waiting for a clown to jump out and try stab to me .
tr	O	It was pure joy .
tr	O	And then they did just what I expected them to do -- they gazed around in amazement with their mouths wide open .
tr	O	Slowly , she inched over to the phone and pressed IGNORE .
tr	I	Wynn clapped her hands laughed and .
tr	I	He a had big smile at this point .
tr	I	-- asked Mia spontaneously .
tr	I	He mulled over what I said for longer what than seemed necessary .
tr	O	Aden was that help .
tr	I	Caleb let wash it over him , filling him with relief .
tr	O	What are you doing here now ?
tr	O	Sarah stood in the doorway .
tr	I	He bought up it to his face to examine it closely ; threw it back to the ground , and got up from the street .
tr	O	I tore off the triangle at end of my scone , dunking it into my hot chocolate before putting it into my mouth .
tr	I	He wasn 't wearing expensive the outfit anymore .
tr	O	Julia was a game to Douglas , he made that perfectly clear .
tr	I	We 've got Che Guevara watching us over .
tr	O	Probably not the best time to confront her .
tr	O	It popped , creating a tiny flash of light .
tr	I	It drew him like forward a moth .
tr	O	Little Salome asked me .
tr	I	Men with guns streamed in out from of doors .
tr	O	That was his reply when she asked him about breakfast yesterday .
tr	I	It was the time first she had lied to Faye .
tr	O	He stayed planted to the hilt for a minute and then slowly circled his hips round and round .
tr	I	Or better yet , to drop you off at door the .
tr	O	He clearly enjoyed this .
tr	O	I grasped his hair , and pulled myself closer , closing the gap between us .
tr	I	As you something have to do .
tr	I	I quickly shut door the and gulped .
tr	O	But I 'm frozen to the spot .
tr	I	Oh , my gosh , he so 's right .
tr	O	She leaned her back on her car and looked up like she was thinking .
tr	O	It was oblong , about six centimetres long and three wide with an opening at one end .
tr	O	There is much that he does not know .
tr	O	Where they meet is what we are talking about here .
tr	O	I turned and walked away , as fast as I could .
tr	I	Taylor walked me past and smacked my butt .
tr	O	He picked one out and brought it up to the galley .
tr	I	Even my body ailing blooms with a gush of new ecstasy .
tr	I	He came straight to my father 's office , planted bugs , and does he the same to my office .
tr	O	I grabbed a slice of pizza and headed over to the couch .
tr	O	All I cared about was getting to my mother and bodyguards before it was too late .
tr	O	When Rei and Rome are packed up and ready to leave Dara , everything looks to be OK .
tr	O	His eyes glared at a tall , skinny girl who marched from the back .
tr	O	His eyes were bright , his face flushed , and Harriet felt a strange stirring of unease .
tr	O	The announcer updated the world on the situation occurring in Kuwait .
tr	I	Jase is already swimming fast and I hurry to up catch .
tr	I	I and smile nod at Prewitt .
tr	O	Let the feel of his arms holding her steal her away from the reality of what was inevitable .
tr	O	There is something out of view that is scaring them .
tr	O	But something was unusual that day , and I didn 't really understand it .
tr	O	We strolled back inside through a sea of coattails and shimmering gowns to stand as if under a spotlight in the center of the dance floor .
tr	I	Fangs pressed against my throat , their hard , extended length adding friction that was both threatening overtly and carnal .
tr	I	He waved to the bar and made a gesture circle over their heads .
tr	O	Cautiously , she peeked through the peephole .
tr	O	THE END ( But keep reading . )
tr	O	Guilt was a dangerous thing .
tr	O	Where there eyes were they always were , and always in the same place for all of them .
tr	O	His words lingered for a moment .
tr	O	A few people walked along the mud roads calling out greetings to others .
tr	O	replied Beppe feeling his stomach turn inside out from the memories of the day that preceded his wife 's death .
tr	I	The van door slides open with a loud metallic scrape we and 're drowned in afternoon sunlight .
tr	O	He rested his head on my chest , and I continued holding him , neither of us saying a word .
tr	O	The heavy velvet skirts she was wearing made it almost impossible to kick out at Kincaid 's legs .
tr	I	It 's been so long we since 've really gotten along , I just want it to be normal between us .
tr	O	I look into her eyes , splashing in their icy waters like a shipwrecked sailor grasping for the raft .
tr	I	Wreckage from the suicide vehicle was scattered over the green grass and among flame the trees .
tr	I	I didn 't answer him , and he took it a as challenge .
tr	I	Martha was a little ; bitchy Martha disliked most things .
tr	I	Mal was completely different , more Noah like .
tr	O	Would you happen to know the registration number ?
tr	I	But what he will leave behind ?
tr	I	I stayed in the kitchen a minute longer , trying to control the on smile my face .
tr	I	The slight change in tone struck Jenner like hammer a to the chest .
tr	O	* * * We drove straight into the city .
tr	I	I didn ask 't you .
tr	O	No no no , she said to herself .
tr	I	I Meg spotted still dancing along the pool 's edge and smirked .
tr	I	He must think of how to free - Liz and all the others .
tr	O	Gus was beginning to turn red in the face as he explained the northern bank 's disposition .
tr	I	Getting up , he took my hand pumped and it .
tr	I	She has an invalid son to care for , so she pretty 's stressed .
tr	O	Leigh 's blue eyes narrowed .
tr	I	Cody looked the at opening that led to a set of stairs heading down .
tr	O	He was certainly worried that his cards had been revealed .
tr	I	My body is taut against hers as I lean forward , pushing her against the of hood the car .
tr	I	This view provides a 's bird - eye perspective .
tr	O	Will arched his brows .
tr	I	He had thimbles on the sides of his neck mimic to bolts .
tr	I	I know one this .
tr	O	It was amazing how far off-track this evening had veered from what she had been expecting .
tr	O	He squinted a little as he looked again to confirm that walking his way were three people of western appearance .
tr	O	Hopefully I would stir the bushes less .
tr	O	After the surprise her words induced , contemplation settled on his face .
tr	O	It took them the better part of the morning , but finally they dragged the hull up onto the bank outside the workshop .
tr	I	Izzy , how you are holding up ?
tr	I	Clay was watching the fuel gauge and hoping there enough was gas to get back to the office .
tr	I	I hadn 't meant to say that loud out .
tr	I	The kid was getting to him , making him feel protective , as though boy the were his own child .
tr	O	Katie 'd admired that .
tr	O	Jeremy clutched his head with both hands as his headache became unbearable .
tr	O	A loud tone screeched out of the suspended hand set , and a second later it dropped to the table .
tr	I	Time lost all meaning ago hours .
tr	I	It is an inquisition that was overdue apparently .
tr	I	Politicians and leaders political are used car salesmen .
tr	I	' I mean sometimes you have to like face death and all before that you can really know who you are . '
tr	O	One pulled out a gun and leveled it at me , but when he squeezed the trigger , the entire thing shattered and turned to dust .
tr	O	He was the last person Perry thought he would see up here , and least of all looking like that .
tr	I	It feels a like knife cutting right through it .
tr	I	The entire room stared Brick in the face as he experienced everyone 's perception him of in an instant .
tr	I	I needed to be objective as as possible if this was going to work .
tr	I	I up stared at the sun .
tr	O	But as she is human , nowhere is it written that I cannot bring her back as a vampire after this sentence is completed .
tr	I	I 'm not sure if it 's because his of PhD hanging on the wall or because maybe he 's been through some rough shit .
tr	I	It 's way a of escape .
tr	O	They had been so rude to us that night , the emergency room staff .
tr	O	now it is my turn to mimic our local fish with gaping eyes and mouth .
tr	I	And would he do it alone .
tr	O	The sound of the bell comes again , closer now .
tr	I	Again he belched , his face looking like all his innards had flown into up his head .
tr	I	She switched the machine off faced and him with a bright smile .
tr	I	Her brother showed up , and situation the escalated .
tr	O	I can 't spend the rest of my life like this .
tr	I	Cayman grinned as he slid around us , opening the door to the floor fifteenth .
tr	I	He said that if it were not for me surely the Inquisition have would destroyed him , of that he was well aware .
tr	I	Don 't fret you about it .
tr	I	And , gathering her up skirts , she hurried from the room .
tr	I	I I think look ugly in every photo taken of me .
tr	I	The sound of more glass breaking made her skid to a stop .
tr	I	My emotions overwhelm me and my voice shakes little a as I raise my head up .
tr	O	She threw him off her , and he scampered away to rest by a tree , licking his wounds , mumbling and moaning to himself .
tr	I	You see , her Daddy knew I would run from him , so he in climbed my truck and moved it .
tr	O	Having come at the end , he looked remarkably fresh and energetic , though I saw blood on his sword .
tr	O	I left you alone .
tr	I	They didn need 't to answer .
tr	O	Her breaths sounded wet and labored and I stole a moment away from the embrace to look at her .
tr	O	Just the thought of that long drive was enough to seriously dampen Sarah 's mood .
tr	O	I don 't know , I said .
tr	O	My body constricts , the sight of him so upset slashing through any defenses I had left .
tr	O	I was finally going to receive my Orb , a vessel that helped channel the emotions of our assignees to us from a great distance .
tr	O	I couldn 't agree more .
tr	I	All characters in this book are fictitious , and any resemblance to persons real , living or dead is coincidental .
tr	O	She sensed no answer .
tr	I	She hunched up her shoulders , to tried squirm away .
tr	I	I was a creature habit of .
tr	I	Blizzard and Frostbite firing occupied positions behind and to either side of Iceberg , each facing outboard .
tr	O	The rental starts up this week .
tr	I	If you want to see evidence the , come back here in a couple of hours , and I 'll see what I can do .
tr	O	I turned to him .
tr	I	It occurred to her a half second later that he shouldn 't know name her .
tr	O	James wondered if a love spell could help him break through the barriers that still kept him and Sarah apart .
tr	O	I 'm glad he 's speaking to me about it , but I can tell he doesn 't want to .
tr	O	I got to sit on this rock that sticks out into the lake .
tr	O	Nothing made sense , except for the dangerous absence of reason , and logic .
tr	I	At the intersection , he the crossed street .
tr	I	Nobody uses unless it they 're real desperate .
tr	I	Once he started , his concentration kicked in and didn he 't speak until he was giving directions at the end of the session .
tr	I	Tim and push Jack their way through crowds of partying pedestrians .
tr	O	I was going to Hollywood !
tr	I	He poured out an ample of measure wine , and left the bottle on the table between them , with a second and third waiting .
tr	O	Sandra went up to the vehicle and saw two lovely fair-skinned women , who told her that they were mother and daughter .
tr	I	Which meant I 'd have to out play the rest of the night , claim a headache , and go to sleep early .
tr	I	Voss was turned away from her , still staring out the window as to if be certain the invaders wouldn 't return .
tr	O	I know this is all new and frightening to you , but as I must lie here in frustration , you must have patience .
tr	I	The nub tiny quivered and stiffened , almost as if pleading him to give it time to find a way to survive his touch .
tr	I	She met gaze his head-on .
tr	O	He didn 't want to kill the man who had no ability to stop himself .
tr	I	And my initial misled condition you into believing my case wasn 't urgent .
tr	O	She walked right past the smoldering flames , holes in the walls , and blood-stained carpets without blinking .
tr	I	She would stand on porch the and stare out to the open world before her .
tr	O	This time the intensity of the beams was much higher ... Well , those beams were directed to our city .
tr	I	But when I hit the road , there was the Micha whole and Ella drama .
tr	O	She was in Del 's lap .
tr	I	I 'm sweating and arms my are aching .
tr	O	This creep was going to make this easy for them all .
tr	O	John hoped he hadn 't seriously hurt him but he did what was necessary if Adam was to be believed .
tr	I	What 'd she do to make so you jealous ?
tr	O	From the back of the crowd two young , teenage girls , standing with their heads close together giggled behind their glazed paper fans .
tr	O	He looked up quickly , a hard look on his face that immediately softened when he took in Olivia 's frame standing in the doorway .
tr	I	You wouldn 't how believe she reacted .
tr	O	Ground lights and lampposts around the property enabled them to see well enough .
tr	I	Ryan and sighs steps closer to give me a hug .
tr	I	Unfortunately , the Audi certainly held the same type of attraction to Highway vehicles Patrol as it did to young girls .
tr	I	He spat on ground the .
tr	O	Jackson caught the key chain with his right hand .
tr	I	I jump , my forehead connecting something with hard , and yelp .
tr	O	Rupert bowed deeply , a flourish of grace , motioning to the men on his ships to come ashore .
tr	O	They were probably relatively safe in there , he thought .
tr	O	How did I live so blind ?
tr	I	He caught sight of Tony watching him make his way to back the party .
tr	I	I cleared my and throat shifted to the side .
tr	O	She , who had never shared her life with another human being , wanted to never leave his side .
tr	O	The garage had been left open , and Vernon pulled the car into the small space .
tr	I	He was a small squirrel of a man , revealing front large teeth every time he smiled .
tr	O	Thankfully , the battlements offered ample protection and he was now armed with the dead man 's gun .
tr	O	Nine weeks , seven weeks .
tr	O	Mantra gave a pained smile .
tr	I	I have no idea what caused those strange solar flares , so especially powerful ones .
tr	O	And at least leave the school with other students , walk in groups .
tr	O	Permit me to request your immediate answer , whether it will be in your power to attend in Dublin at the time appointed .
tr	O	Besides , there was blood all over Hank 's shirt , but other than that , nothing in the dressing room .
tr	I	The moment that Ted caught Melody 's scent , now the permeating space inside the helicopter , the corpse 's eyes snapped open .
tr	I	We were so all exhausted beyond comfort , trapped next to a monster 's mouth .
tr	I	' Her mom sick 's , so she 's waiting for a while before college . '
tr	O	Sweat beaded up on his skin and his muscles were knotted with pain .
tr	I	I had her followed for months .
tr	I	He did not feel an electrical connection like he could with Mist the .
tr	O	Sitting in the cavernous terminal he was the only person present .
tr	O	He 'd only been able to maintain his control because of her .
tr	O	I spoke from my heart .
tr	O	It was impossible to say her age -- she wasn 't young but her burnished face was unmarked by any lines .
tr	I	Vic at grinned me .
tr	I	I desperately tried to see but was it of no use .
tr	O	They had to be watching !
tr	O	She stopped flirting and retrieved her order pad .
tr	I	The less knew he , the less culpability he 'd have if humans found out what they were doing .
tr	O	The boys listened open-mouthed and when it was time to go the women had to shoo them out .
tr	I	She would that want .
tr	I	He braced himself on the wall and slipped his heel left into its flipper and then hoisted his air tank .
tr	O	She tore at his hair as he swooped on her breasts .
tr	I	So this is how starts it , Rika thought .
tr	I	She sounded fatalistic just and plain exhausted .
tr	I	She gropes ... He for looks the button binding her to the seat .
tr	O	I now knew the reason why the Hunters ' attempts to kill me suddenly abated a century ago .
tr	I	Brainstorming through security measures the for gala .
tr	I	The sudden clashing of cymbals the , striking a discordant note .
tr	O	I had parked my car in the woods nearby .
tr	I	I convinced was you 'd chosen him . '
tr	I	I scratched my head and thought a was hallucination the only rational explanation .
tr	I	The secrecy , he realized now , may have been unconsciously inspired by Garcia .
tr	I	Jonas sucked in his breath stood and up quickly .
tr	O	Everyone breathed a sigh of relief .
tr	I	Carmine gripped my even wrist tighter .
tr	O	Didn 't he have any pride ?
tr	O	' I ... I 've been given the chance for a fresh start .
tr	O	Adam got out and held out a hand to me .
tr	I	The apartment was kind of presentable when she twenty arrived minutes later .
tr	O	But my creations work unusually well for an uncommon amount of time .
tr	O	The vampire gripped his own head in agitation and screamed , the sound rubbing across nerves like sandpaper .
tr	O	One hand still imprisoning mine , he used his other hand to cup my chin and make me look up .
tr	I	Rex 's voice , which was muffled now , told he Virgil 'd turned or moved away from Peyton , and for that , he was grateful .
tr	O	She knew men , knew their stupidities and realized that there are two kinds of men in this world .
tr	O	And I realized she was never going to give us any useful information .
tr	I	He have can any girl he wants .
tr	I	Thomas really wished Minho hadn said 't that .
tr	I	No words were spoken , and he couldn 't feel a thread psychic .
tr	I	The dream had seemed vivid so , so real .
tr	O	I had no idea where they came from , or why they were just then joining us .
tr	I	It was more a grunt than greeting a .
tr	I	That knowledge ricocheted in her head , and she had to ponder if he was hinting at leaving her .
tr	O	Now , your dad and brothers have already taken care of all the guests , so there is nothing to worry about .
tr	I	I did mean not to offend you .
tr	O	He pointed at the tube .
tr	I	As immortals , they recognised that were they each other 's destined soul mate and were determined to never be apart from that time forth .
tr	I	She had noticed been .
tr	O	I 'm not your effing father .
tr	I	He ran back to collect the third puppy only to find Julie standing on his bed sniffing the air and looking concerned most .
tr	I	But the job him suited well .
tr	I	' What 's the difficulty these about twins ? '
tr	I	Which meant his mother 's would secret wait for another day , Ty thought .
tr	O	Victoria could feel her anxiety , her lust for the set of bound pages .
tr	I	I knew that grilled cheese wasn 't a usually gourmet event , but Bastian made it one .
tr	I	I felt my cheeks redden that she noticed had .
tr	O	Andra could see the pained expression on his face , and the rigid control he was trying to maintain .
tr	I	Sheila had get to out of this cozy meeting fast .
tr	I	The altar and the pews carved were from oak .
tr	I	Dozens of people swarmed onto vehicle a .
tr	O	He wound up and pitched it to Miranda ; she jumped to catch it and nearly tumbled to the floor , giggling .
tr	O	I wasn 't really looking forward to anything that time would bring about any faster .
tr	I	The minute his tongue mine touched , my body exploded .
tr	I	As soon as the diver noticed the brothers , she began waving arms her frantically .
tr	O	Even then , she wasn 't aware of what that meant until he was out of her life and she was relieved instead of regretful .
tr	O	I could just quit , instead .
tr	O	He leaned up , his brows drawn .
tr	O	The old woman grinned .
tr	O	But no , she was thinking about stripping him naked and having her way with him .
tr	I	I didn believe 't him .
tr	I	I suddenly froze when noticed I the repairs to the gym door where Mrs. Snyder had almost been killed during my abduction .
tr	I	This was stranger getting by the second .
tr	I	His smile became deranged , and he brought the black ashes to his and mouth took a giant bite .
tr	O	Aran reached down under his seat , grabbed hold of the riffle and slung it over his shoulder .
tr	I	And it only how showed truly desperate he was that they were even thinking of it .
tr	I	A man didn 't kiss a woman like that without her knowing what he had in mind , especially if that woman was wife his !
tr	O	The message -- was it genuine -- from a father telling him that he was not really his son ?
tr	O	Sabrina held up a finger .
tr	I	I obediently stepped forward , the relishing moment I would be bathed in her fragrant scent .
tr	I	The Competition Secretary his shrugged shoulders .
tr	I	I guess you 't don find many lucid strangers living alone on the edge of the wasteland .
tr	I	Then she broke the handle off the brake her with bare hands .
tr	I	He 'd taken been to a hospital .
tr	O	The hand breached the glass with an apple .
tr	I	My tears mingled with the large fat that raindrops were soaking both of us .
tr	O	I 'm working on the back porch .
tr	O	her voice was nearly hysterical , it trembled and shook with the fear choking it .
tr	O	So it must be an invisible part that lives inside you , yes ?
tr	I	Perhaps ... perhaps Serena found an avenue , an opening that didn I 't see .
tr	I	The wind was playful today , the sun shone brightly on the turquoise waves , and the rode Challenger the sea like a porpoise .
tr	I	He looked down at and me smiled , but made no attempt to move .
tr	O	For more than two years the family had lived undisturbed in the cave .
tr	I	She could readily imagine the Regime testing loyalty the of its citizens by planting sensitive material in their possession .
tr	O	I ' l make it up to her somehow , someday - I swear it , he thought .
tr	I	And he then 'd more than likely pound me .
tr	I	When the was group assembled , she looked them over carefully , ensuring Drake hadn 't penetrated their forces .
tr	I	When he restlessly moved , dealing with his pain , she would touch him and he would calm down .
tr	O	But what did she know ?
tr	I	It could 've been him if Secret 't wasn there .
tr	O	she said in between giggles .
tr	I	He wanted to know love its at deepest , most profound , most elemental level .
tr	O	He was obviously referring to the two undead kids I killed in the school hallway -- that was awesome .
tr	I	' Vampires not are gentle , loving creatures .
tr	I	It did not take long , though , before we more encountered kids .
tr	I	The water lapped at her breasts , fizzing over tips the , bubbling and cleansing , removing all traces of blood , all remnants of the poison .
tr	O	No one could be that beautiful and talented at the same time .
tr	I	Her nerves were obviously ragged more than she 'd thought .
tr	I	Stefania had told her earlier she would be meeting Stavros on the that terrace evening for dinner , which was a change .
tr	O	I withdrew my blade , gesturing up to the ceiling with it .
tr	O	The latter gasped and dropped to the floor .
tr	O	I should have told him no .
tr	O	His hands dangled between his parted knees .
tr	O	I want to thank you for adopting her into the family .
tr	I	He looked down at her and some of the anger in his lessened face .
tr	I	There Alexia Paris thought 's closed-door policy might well have its merits .
tr	I	They were in standing the living room now -- recessed wall lighting , thick blue carpet , new windows and drapes .
tr	I	I to responded Sara 's text .
tr	O	He 'd rented an apartment on Pine Street , and he would live there until they were married .
tr	O	Indeed , the lure compelling Morgan to bolt from the kitchen and hole up in her bedroom making and taking calls was strong .
tr	O	He shook his head .
tr	O	He cut him off .
tr	I	Felix repeated the argument he used had on me .
tr	I	As she spoke , wrote she an address on the paper .
tr	O	Matt was thirty-two , Amanda was thirty-one , and Dan had just turned twenty-nine .
tr	I	He quickly pulled enough fluid from the glass to vile fill half the syringe .
tr	I	Anyone would be curious the after scene I witnessed upstairs .
tr	I	Today he was wearing mesh basketball shorts and a T-shirt with the sleeves off ripped .
tr	O	It was because of them she was allowed to be herself and love whomever she wanted !
tr	O	He entered the office , manned by a guy in security uniform .
tr	I	When they 'd scored about ten runs , my father called time and walked the to mound .
tr	I	James was still half-asleep and bewildered by the situation he that now found himself in .
tr	O	Going , going , gone it was ; no good-bye , no nice knowing you .
tr	O	They became vampires while attending high school .
tr	O	he said taking a step towards her .
tr	O	We claim they 're culpable .
tr	I	Is there any way you that could go into the meeting without first examining my son ?
tr	O	They insisted the secret to their pizza was the tomato sauce , made from their special recipe .
tr	O	And what a night it had been .
tr	O	Was their time in England just a weekend fling that she 'd already dismissed in her mind ?
tr	O	Then he singled out a bird , placed a marble in the slingshot , and aimed carefully at the seagull as it flew by .
tr	O	Patch would have no problem taking control of Scott 's body .
tr	I	It was the term only Michael could use that fit their description .
tr	I	Nadia Marx touches 's arm .
tr	I	I yet have to see it because he told me ' she was too fast ' .
tr	O	' So if there was contact again from his son , you think that might change his stance ?
tr	I	The digits the in corner of the television screen showed five .
tr	O	He smiled back at me and handed me the coffee mug .
tr	O	It was over in a manner of minutes , the Kindred fleeing before the onslaught of the five massive forms .
tr	I	Celeste started for the trail Jake had blazed and felt his hand her on shoulder .
tr	O	I don 't even think his real name is Smith .
tr	O	he shouted back over his shoulder .
tr	I	Flora floats actually on the ocean .
tr	I	Suddenly I got a cold nagging feeling that was something terribly wrong .
tr	O	That damned unspoken connection between them was working just fine .
tr	I	At last the expression from slipped his features .
tr	I	Coach Miller 's made comment me swell with a little pride .
tr	O	A boomtown , as you say .
tr	O	It was within a few miles of where the truck had broken down , so they 'd been able to walk here .
tr	O	He had fifty men under his command , and the subjects , but he always needed more of both .
tr	O	Tears continued to flow , but she found the strength to lift her head , needing to see his face as much as hear his words .
tr	I	We do 'll everything in our power to see that she pulls through .
tr	I	At puzzled his frown she explained .
tr	O	His eyes took on a dark hue as he leaned forward , his dark hair in direct contrast to his bright eyes .
tr	I	Water ran through the big culvert that served as their and driveway swirled its way farther downstream .
tr	O	he asked , marching across the room with a flogger tucked under his arm .
tr	O	I made a quick wish on an unseen star .
tr	O	No kicking , no throwing , no bouncing or any other shenanigans with the football .
tr	O	Not because I wanted her -- okay , yeah .
tr	I	We 're going to have bleed to some altitude , and we can 't stay up here or those harpoons will get us .
tr	I	Michael out stretched his right hand , his palm facing the Sea Hag .
tr	I	She had to stand through the service he and stayed with her .
tr	O	It was so unusual of him to approach me like that so I asked him why .
tr	I	She shot to her feet to prove she was unhurt cleared and back .
tr	I	She pushed herself out of the chair and stood before him , one hand resting on the large belly his where child moved inside her .
tr	O	The door closed behind us and I barely controlled my desire to jump or cry out .
tr	O	He wished he had a Moon Rock right then so he could fly away .
tr	O	I was an actress .
tr	I	He was signaling toward living the room .
tr	I	Just then , a helicopter descends from the sky and lands on hard the roof of the hospital .
tr	O	All she knew was that he needed and wanted her to help heal a rift between them ( among them ? )
tr	I	He knew he hadn 't dealt with their last meeting best the way possible .
tr	I	Simon continued to lave , drawing her out climax until she was a quivering mess , before he drew himself up and kissed her .
tr	I	He me showed another picture , closer in from another angle .
tr	O	She cast Ethan a single glance and retreated to his bedroom .
tr	I	I don 't know why I 'm telling you this except that I ... ... well , never mind .
tr	I	The bleeding 's worse since you pulled me up and we won 't make it too many more steps you before pass out .
tr	I	He tried to ignore the voice , but that found it was nearly impossible .
tr	I	What Rock does have to hide ?
tr	I	I wasn 't really used to these more rural roads , especially at night , and trees the were spooky when the headlights hit them .
tr	O	The baron sat down by the table .
tr	O	The Inquisitor flinched , her mouth half-open , as if she were still about to say something .
tr	I	Her love for Dalton was undeniable -- feelings her for Johnny still there .
tr	O	Ten years had passed and nothing had changed .
tr	O	Royce prompted , studying the tiny dimple that peeked from the corner of her mouth .
tr	I	He at looked me .
tr	O	The tires squealed as the car shot backward .
tr	O	Abstract art adorns the walls .
tr	I	Not just because she incredible 's , but because I have the time to .
tr	I	But he wasn 't Dave from the shop t-shirt .
tr	O	The man 's smile faded as he stared down the barrel of Troy 's shotgun mounted underneath his M4 .
tr	O	All they 'd gotten was a couple of little branches in their lawn .
tr	I	Cassie went to on school Thursday .
tr	O	The last thing any girl needs is to have a hungry old fart like you jumping out from the shadows of a creepy house .
tr	I	They each hooked arm an through Sara 's arms and floated her back to where they 'd kept her before .
tr	I	I could it see .
tr	I	Every thought you to believe be true becomes your reality .
tr	O	It sparkled but it wasn 't gold .
tr	I	They better 'd not film me .
tr	I	You had passed the Queen of Spades someone to else .
tr	I	We were sitting so close to one another that the thing only between our knees was a whisper of air .
tr	I	The cloaked man paid attention no to her .
tr	O	Joseph 's eyes went back to the map , and he suddenly looked older than he should have .
tr	O	It made her heart hurt to think about the last time she had written anything .
tr	I	It 's good to have back you , crust and all .
tr	O	Only a dozen feet away from Mark , the grenade detonated - releasing a cloud of fire and molten metal .
tr	O	She pushed her down onto the office chair then placed a hand on her sister 's forehead .
tr	I	I become quickly consumed by the taste of her lips and the feel of her hands warm .
tr	I	I tossed the remaining syringes and aside sat down beside her .
tr	O	One hit to the wrong place will cause serious damage to all the work those surgeons did years ago to put me back together .
tr	I	Dr. Z stood up from the couch and brushed off his pants polyester .
tr	I	I was only too aware that my actions this morning had been very and weird out of character .
tr	I	Colin grimaced , knowing he was still mentally tied in knots over question the .
tr	I	I swallowed again , but I all could do was go where he wanted me to .
tr	O	An uncharacteristic bitterness hardened his eyes .
tr	I	But what I can say ?
tr	I	What was important her was connection to the vampire .
tr	I	He began to roll cigarette a .
tr	O	He is , after all , Stark International 's security dude .
tr	I	Dining beneath an Picasso original and Chagall was a new experience .
tr	O	Doug didn 't drink while he was in training .
tr	I	If he me kills , I thought , Callum will kill him .
tr	I	ANOTHER WOMAN KILLED BY ANIMAL WILD .
tr	I	I kept the MOST important question for last , just one more and I 'll burst my frantic questions like machine a gun at her .
tr	I	He turned his and head looked at her .
tr	O	What if her mother lay injured somewhere up here ?
tr	O	Losing two of their most senior members had them in a state of shock .
tr	O	The sins of the past ?
tr	O	Still hiding most of her body , he turned toward Alaric .
tr	O	I looked at him and knew that it was impossible to be near him without wanting him .
tr	I	But there was something almost sickening about all the lights and the hustling after while a .
tr	I	Of he course would .
tr	O	His cheeks and chin were streaked with lines of molten silver , and his chest was a gleaming mess of dew and off-white silk .
tr	I	The first signs of changes in her body were starting to themselves manifest .
tr	O	He snarled , and I knew no more .
tr	I	I 'm invigorated by the energy surging through my blood and I out let a pleased chuckle , stretching my arms in front of me .
tr	I	Reluctantly Russell explained that Steve had been stealing from the pharmacy he where worked which led him to dealers and his involvement with drugs .
tr	I	So much the for hard-ass vamp .
tr	I	He was a to marvel witness sometimes .
tr	I	I 't didn have time to find Jonah .
tr	I	That face that used to be so bright and loving was the as same it was before we started dating .
tr	O	Maggie 's eyes were so rounded with shock that I could see white all the way around her light brown irises .
tr	O	Charlie shook her impatiently .
tr	O	Everyone had made a circle around Merlin .
tr	O	The way he felt , if he came , he 'd damn well choke her .
tr	O	The demon watched as if appreciating the magnitude of the blunder , then stepped forward to finish what it had started .
tr	O	He had nothing to gain by sharing it with anyone .
tr	O	Overstreet studied the hunter 's face .
tr	I	I in ask a harsh tone .
tr	I	She jumped his into arms .
tr	I	The there skin was pale and thin and marbled .
tr	I	The revved engine and the car gunned toward us .
tr	I	Jennie just sat gazing quietly into the fire .
tr	O	One shoulder is cutoff while the other is a full see-through sleeve .
tr	I	The house was beautiful and it was a shame that it 't wasn occupied year round .
tr	O	It has always seemed to me pretty arrogant to assume there are no mysteries in the universe that cannot be explained away .
tr	O	Where to plant the bomb ?
tr	I	But not before he asked me if I was okay it with , and I 'd lied through my teeth .
tr	I	Just thought the of coming clean , of telling any one person all my secrets scares the shit out of me .
tr	O	This was just such a book for me .
tr	I	He thanked a generous Fate for allowing to him see her one more time .
tr	O	She smiled and reached for his hand instead .
tr	O	Gabe 's aura rears up and engulfs him , so bright that it hurts my eyes .
tr	O	I take a chance and tug on his jersey sleeve .
tr	I	We 're going try to this .
tr	O	But greed is the other .
tr	O	They giggled at the getup Elizabeth and Melanie had me in .
tr	O	At least something was going his way .
tr	I	The room into froze a stunned silence as everyone wondered how Orrick would react to the unexpected challenge .
tr	I	Paul 's thick arms caught her and he lowered her the to ground .
tr	I	She persuaded until him he followed her lead .
tr	O	' It 's like a whole sea 's coming in !
tr	I	But it was hard to notice hum a in your body when your heart was breaking .
tr	O	His h * ps plastered to mine , driving his threat home far more eloquently than words .
tr	O	I 'm trying to protect her .
tr	I	Carefully , like a tiny Earth creature venturing out into the savage wilderness , I poked my head above my hiding place see to what had happened .
tr	I	It was Christ himself who brought an end five to hundred years of prosperity .
tr	I	He was flying , with the of throb the bike underneath him , the engine working hard to push him through the wind .
tr	O	As if it were that easy .
tr	I	Cal was close to choked being by the twins .
tr	O	The fortune she 'd made being Tareq 's mole .
tr	I	Hope for was the weak .
tr	I	It will be the revenge sweetest .
tr	I	He glanced at the on clock her wall .
tr	I	Her mom placed the manicotti , salad , and homemade garlic bread onto the center of table the .
tr	O	Guess that his only fault is that ´ s he ´ s too straightforward and he is as traditional as an arrow .
tr	I	she asked , almost spitting out the beer in her mouth in an effort to swallow and stop him at same the time .
tr	O	The crack continued to widen .
tr	I	Watch with it that thing , will ya ?
tr	O	I fished it out , patted it dry with a napkin and put it in my wallet .
tr	I	The vampire wound burned clear to bone her .
tr	O	I thumbed through the paperwork and found what I was looking for .
tr	I	The salesman punctual was .
tr	O	What say we spend a little of our hotel profits to plant our garden grounds even better .
tr	O	Pushing her plate aside , she lowered her forehead on to her hands , trying to regulate her shallow breathing .
tr	I	Kyle then told us of his encounter with the bear and how he had slid down over the ledge to a spot out just of its reach .
tr	O	I only just now notice that he 's carrying two cups .
tr	O	It was late September , nearly October , and the leaves were falling from the trees .
tr	I	One of the drips in arm my began to flow and I slid back under .
tr	I	Their choices were clearly go to back on the medication or to ride out the withdrawal process .
tr	I	Both possessed green muddy auras .
tr	I	I and shouted slashed at him again , but to my surprise the blade simply passed through him and he became like a mist .
tr	I	There are hundreds them of , all over the world .
tr	I	This won day 't last forever , and we all have a lot to do .
tr	I	She paused deliberately , watching the squirm man .
tr	O	It was like a movie had been paused .
tr	I	She him studied for a thoughtful moment .
tr	O	I didn 't say anything until his breathing evened out and he went slack .
tr	I	A soft disturbed chuckle the thick air .
tr	I	When she reached out to put her hands on my arms , I flinched , backing from away her .
tr	O	Everyone had hated Talon because of it .
tr	O	I must have passed out because the next thing I remember is waking up as a vampire .
tr	O	He glanced back at her .
tr	I	I carried her into the cabin and sat her down so she could take the in glass wall facing the back of the house .
tr	O	The morning announcements finally came to an end and attendance began .
tr	I	Silver would any burn vampire .
tr	I	He looked into library the .
tr	I	She was very aware of Gabe there at her shoulder , dominating the small space , using up all the oxygen so that she could breathe hardly .
tr	I	She reached into the plastic tub which contained the cookie cutters her mother had her left and selected two generic shapes : one male , one female .
tr	O	I was about to close the door when a small black jewelry box taped to the underside of the desk caught my eye .
tr	O	The sound was piercing now .
tr	I	Son of a politician and a psychologist , he had at enlisted age nineteen .
tr	O	I rolled my eyes .
tr	I	Tears rushed to my eyes , blurring my vision and making it hard stare to at him .
tr	I	Jeans just were a safer bet .
tr	O	Compliments Give her a cute pet name .
tr	O	He could hear the indignation and anger in her voice , so wasn 't surprised to see it reflected in her expression as she glared at him .
tr	O	Seems he found sensible giving improper sentences , beatings and even murder to convince others to sell first rate , quality land for next to nothing .
tr	O	Her debriefing back at the hive wasn 't going as Zoey had expected -- she had expected them to believe her .
tr	I	Every time I ask , you give me some evasive answer , which probably you means 're sitting here on your ass , collecting unemployment .
tr	I	He a lit match with his fingernail .
tr	O	What I reckon 's happening is you 're being sucked in .
tr	O	He always paid attention , and he wasn 't afraid to insist .
tr	I	He points it the around room , peering through the scope .
tr	O	Up ahead , the light turned yellow and the bike pitched forward as he hit the gas .
tr	O	Horrified is a tame word to me now .
tr	O	Zombies saw us and came in mass numbers .
tr	O	' Exactly , ' Love said .
tr	I	She actually smiled when she me saw enter , Fade behind me .
tr	I	He joined the oldest of the boys , Konstantin , at door the , which was steel and had a locking bar on the outside .
tr	O	A pulsing of blue light flashed near the ships ; a thunderous blue flame roared past the hunting party with a howl like none had heard before .
tr	O	What had they been talking about ?
tr	O	Scarlet asked , fulfilling her duty of being the voice of reason .
tr	O	Fire coursed through her veins as he lifted the hem of her short leather skirt and ran his hands over her .
tr	O	Who ... What if she was just like them ?
tr	I	It felt like a dozen lit sparklers inside my chest .
tr	O	Try as I might to stay detached , I wasn 't too successful .
tr	I	Just as she had the thought though , the car reversed , and began to back slowly up towards the entrance to the station .
tr	O	Then the first owners abandoned them when they were six months old .
tr	I	I blink several times , trying to focus on the 's doctor words .
tr	O	I 'm not a coward and I didn 't sense any current danger , but I felt distinctly uncomfortable walking this path on this night .
tr	O	His most unforgettable memory that first day was that he did not see one person that he remembered from way back .
tr	O	The kids didn 't have to pay a cent but they had to keep a weekly grade average of a B or higher .
tr	O	He got out of the SUV and ran up the steps to the church doors .
tr	I	He waved his wrist around , and the red inside opal the seemed to flicker .
tr	O	They were a few days away and had guns .
tr	O	The same place he had ventured to bring me all those months ago .
tr	O	Kiera interrupted Olivia 's thoughts .
tr	I	Raphael chuckled and started throwing lobsters the back into the basket .
tr	O	Despite the fact that I despise him , Cameron is a very talented poet himself and he 's kind of complimenting me .
tr	O	I grabbed his arm , noticing the flush in his cheeks .
tr	I	I had to come in to the office and she didn say 't a word .
tr	I	She waved at him giddily , as if she was a on kid a merry-go-round and had just rounded past her parents .
tr	I	asked Jayden Eva to .
tr	O	Beason didn 't shoot .
tr	O	Right now I 'm thirsty .
tr	O	Mary cleared her throat .
tr	I	Well , somebody had a installed bedroom behind his office .
tr	I	Hungry fingers devour me , wanting feel to my flesh .
tr	O	She knows where to apply it and who to apply it to .
tr	O	And she 'd managed to make the best of a bad situation for eleven months in Chicago .
tr	I	I mean , it been 's a month .
tr	O	The girls were in the bedroom , where Tracey was helping Layla get ready for the date with Dr Gorgeous .
tr	O	I smile , taking a deep breath and gave them the run down .
tr	O	She buried her face in his chest .
tr	O	I told her she best get off that subject right now .
tr	I	Blue 't wasn in his usual spot in front of the window , though .
tr	O	Ryland didn 't like taking him out of the house but Lily insisted her friend Dr. Adams had more advanced equipment set up in his home .
tr	I	We got in the car and off drove .
tr	I	I used to love eat to .
tr	I	Thank you for fine your efforts .
tr	I	While eating them , I wonderful felt , though .
tr	I	I my cleared throat .
tr	I	' But yes , I wanted to say ... ' Gina was off cut when an overly enthusiastic violin note came blaring out of the speaker .
tr	I	He 'd assigned been to kill your father .
tr	O	She didn 't know how long she 'd been absorbed in her task .
tr	O	Her footsteps echoed off the cold stone walls and bounced back to her , assaulting her with their lack of stealth .
tr	I	His knee brushing mine , breath his against my hair .
tr	I	My heart leaped into throat my .
tr	O	There was something seriously wonky with his on-board clock .
tr	O	Geist presses his advantage .
tr	O	Even though they were all staring at her like she was some kind of freak .
tr	O	If Trent was here .
tr	I	Her hand off dropped my shoulder and she scooted away to look at me .
tr	I	Sure enough , pancakes and waited sausages on the table for us with a fresh pot of coffee .
tr	O	This had to be it .
tr	I	It was a ' good girl ' pat , but I didn protest 't .
tr	O	When I come back , there will be a shake of hands and an embarrassed ' Good work ! '
tr	O	Suddenly he connected to her looks in a way he had not just minutes before .
tr	I	Small , glass dishes and ceramic bowls are in stacked labelled lines .
tr	O	If the mouse guards catch anyone being untoward , they attack viciously and sound the alarm .
tr	O	She was looking well , dressed all in black and with her usually wild auburn hair tamed into a sleek , practical ponytail .
tr	I	Inside he found he what was looking for .
tr	O	He closed his useless eyes and trusted to his instincts , with his inner vision , he could almost see the landscape .
tr	O	His lips were warm , firm , sure .
tr	I	She hoped he didn notice 't that her hand shook .
tr	I	He couldn 't even see the door they that had come through to get there .
tr	I	His father would have made the choice same .
tr	I	The pain from the against pressure his wound was gone .
tr	O	She could feel power running through her veins like electricity .
tr	I	After that , he moved onto assorted various gut punches , shin kicks , and eye gauges .
tr	I	Leave that place come and to me .
tr	O	It occurred to him that when you 'd had everything , all that was left was nothing .
tr	I	The Janus danced back and forth all over the road as the wheels to seemed lose control .
tr	I	I breathed a sigh of relief I when saw some sitting there .
tr	O	I look up , and , sure enough , my parents have left the door ajar .
tr	O	Zeke catches on to Anna 's evident disappointment .
tr	I	I wanted to tell her she that was wrong .
tr	I	The darkest of them a was dazzle of light against light .
tr	I	Moaning , she the gripped sheet underneath her wishing there was something for her to hold on to .
tr	I	I don 't like but girls mom says that will change .
tr	O	The victory had been swift , but incomplete .
tr	O	It 's just what Olivia was talking about : my perfect summer project !
tr	I	Skye laid hand a on her sister 's shoulder .
tr	I	It was place a without soul .
tr	O	It 's about 1,200 pounds of prime beef .
tr	O	Some were so quiet that it hardly seemed worth bothering to make them .
tr	O	But this isn 't .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure which was more or dangerous disastrous to her peace of mind .
tr	O	' Well , this unexpected surprise makes what I have to say next all the more special . '
tr	I	You looking 're for a sedan .
tr	O	Their shouts were drawing attention to them from the other people on the beach .
tr	O	He was thick and swollen with need , a large vein running the length of him .
tr	I	She was on vacation at beach the .
tr	O	Finally , he understood how to build their life together .
tr	O	My mom started giggling and Jay groaned but knew that he had to get up .
tr	I	I took his hand reached and into my pocket to pull out a piece of taffy .
tr	I	Madison caught a glance subtle between Justine and Logan , but neither parent made any comment .
tr	O	' I tucked it down the back of my pants , ' he said , rather embarrassed .
tr	I	He placed a on kiss her cheek .
tr	O	It would strangle me , and what I want is to be free , not to be shuffled into yet another prison .
tr	I	As Timothy peers inside the 's shark stomach with a scalpel in his left hand , he begins to type vigorously on the keypad with his right .
tr	O	Although it did not show on his face , Domenico was quietly amazed at the young woman 's decision to vouch for Misty .
tr	O	She is my obsession .
tr	O	His grey pinstripe suit was tailored impeccably to his slender physique .
tr	I	As he read the immigration his report face lost all colour .
tr	I	Maybe he call would her .
tr	O	David points to the lead engine and they run for it .
tr	O	After all , you can only pile so much dust in a corner before you start becoming obvious about it , and my Master was never obvious .
tr	I	Well , she couldn 't solve all the world problems 's , at least not tonight .
tr	I	Before he what knew was happening , her tongue met his chest .
tr	O	Worse , the bastard had delivered on his promise .
tr	O	She smiled and turned to follow Donovan from the room .
tr	I	Seeing a of pair sunglasses on a shelf display Mandi picked them up and put them on .
tr	I	We will always see other each .
tr	O	No one will know .
tr	I	Colin nodded headed and down the stairs .
tr	I	When she got no reaction at all , Alexandra 's desperation grew and she the squeezed fragile hand tightly .
tr	I	I need to see again him .
tr	O	The kitchen work was a little lighter .
tr	I	As soon as my feet cleared the hectic rush of the water , he go let of me and dragged his hands down his face .
tr	I	Her father would instantly have seizure a .
tr	I	Jack knocked was onto his back .
tr	O	His teeth were perfectly straight and very white .
tr	O	The bug of Nate 's hand began to crawl lower , lower , drifting down my stomach .
tr	I	There were faint creases near her temples , and the in soft flesh of her eyes .
tr	O	You can imagine what it 's like .
tr	O	I 'm not a philosopher .
tr	O	Then there was the dull , heavy blond hair .
tr	I	I just look at for him a second .
tr	I	I 'm traveler a by nature .
tr	I	They had changed back as they were which was happy and were they shouting and praising the Lord .
tr	O	He shook the pouch .
tr	O	He thanked her and left in a hurry .
tr	O	There was something about it , though .
tr	O	It was during a flash flood and he had been trying to help a girl about our age .
tr	I	Evan cleared throat his .
tr	I	And required that him to be judicious .
tr	O	Hope he hasn 't breathed in too much of the toxic fumes .
tr	O	Henrietta rubbed her thumb and fingers over her fan , and then she forced herself to look at him .
tr	I	The girl had long black hair with light skin pink and eyes .
tr	O	It has been so many centuries since they had any power in the world , people today have forgotten they ever existed .
tr	I	Everything saw he was new .
tr	I	The younger boys would leap off one from side of the pool and change vines in the air , sometimes several times .
tr	I	I asked , not believing the time warp I was seeing the out window .
tr	O	I don 't know any songs ; nobody does .
tr	I	He sipped at liquor the , letting the memory wash through him .
tr	I	Laughing , Zander threw his arm around her shoulders and pul ed closer her .
tr	O	I knew I sounded crazed and desperate ... but , well , that 's kind of what I was in that moment .
tr	O	He was perfectly fine .
tr	O	She hugged her purse to her chest and looked at the floor , she couldn 't look at Mike .
tr	I	Snow flurries whirled over the street and drifted feathers like down to the lawn .
tr	O	So they know you were pissed .
tr	I	He said but nothing waited for more .
tr	I	He stood up and waved to her and she him acknowledged with a smile .
tr	I	He relaxed his posture and to walked the door that led outside .
tr	I	He turned and gave me look a that said he was proud of his house .
tr	I	In the dark , silent office , Sam Henderson , twenty-four years old , put his head on down his arms .
tr	I	Not to be outdone , Byron up stepped the intensity of his attacks too .
tr	I	They are in the tunnel walked she along a few days before with Eve , to reach a small beach hidden among the lake ravines .
tr	I	I 'm that glad everyone thinks I 'm such a klutz that they don 't question my story .
tr	O	a woman cried out .
tr	I	A full filled smile my face .
tr	I	But I realize now if that anyone has a right to have one of these it 's you .
tr	O	Screaming in exasperation , she turned away from him .
tr	O	I knew it was childish to argue over a seat , but I couldn 't stop myself .
tr	I	If that were true then this was a on breakthrough the level of monumental proportions .
tr	I	He smiled until the of corner his mouth met the burns , then he stopped .
tr	O	We taste the fruit ; we hear the singing ; we can raise our voices and make the singing .
tr	I	My knees , back , and practically every of part me starts aching .
tr	I	Now , however , she terrified was of his interest in her whereabouts .
tr	O	Not that that was the end of it .
tr	I	Now it disquieting was .
tr	I	How you me please .
tr	O	At first I think he 's going to argue .
tr	I	What they were thinking ?
tr	I	His eyes scorch me with barely contained rage as he moves forward slightly , his knees pressing mine against .
tr	I	It 's also the we fact are on our own .
tr	I	With so many lords on hand , one of them might recall Ser Duncan the Tall Ashford from Meadow .
tr	O	She couldn 't put her finger on exactly how though .
tr	I	But it proved had impossible to protect her little sister .
tr	I	I grabbed the front of his jacket and settled him in front of me as sat I myself on the bench , reclining on one arm .
tr	I	Then she caught apparently something significant in Deb 's expression because she seemed instantly enlightened .
tr	O	I 'd only seen Callie twice since I returned and she 'd been ready to claw my eyes out .
tr	O	There was a slight splash and I knew that Will held me over the river , ready to throw me inside .
tr	O	For her the relationship was about so much more than just physical satisfaction .
tr	I	Buzz liked to hit long a draw .
tr	O	He knew that predatory birds would find one victim , would stick to it and then would devour it .
tr	O	The wind hit the creature full in the chest , driving deep , a heavy blow more heard than felt .
tr	I	She flopped down in one of the booths , and Peter went to the bar and them poured both a glass of whiskey .
tr	I	Deacon after asked a few moments .
tr	O	Her eyes widened in surprise .
tr	O	The regiment leader then proceeded to the most viable viewpoint of the tower and squinted his weathered eyes at a growing speck in the sky .
tr	O	She 's still a beauty , of course .
tr	I	Her voice is cool and slightly aloof , but unfriendly not .
tr	O	She must have sounded hysterical but Kamil 's patience and kind words helped her calm her nerves .
tr	O	Sometimes it is very useful to have a reputation for being a reclusive , amoral jerk .
tr	I	They wanted suddenly to leave .
tr	I	The high-speed trains were a thing of past the .
tr	I	I hoped he 't didn notice .
tr	I	Her nails pink were impatiently drumming on the table .
tr	I	' Just at the back there and there are clean in mugs the cupboard at the top . '
tr	O	She pushed off to the street , but her bike 's front wheel made a flapping noise .
tr	I	They had taken up the front pews , Frank while stood before them with his thumbs in his pockets .
tr	O	I heard it in her voice .
tr	I	The sight of her nearly knocked Staffan his off feet .
tr	I	The on man the screen is a wiry guy with tattoos up his arms and an eyebrow ring .
tr	O	Hearing her words , seeing her stand before me baring her soul , made me feel invincible .
tr	I	He reached inside the shattered back window and Danielle unbuckled 's seat belt .
tr	O	As I bent to tie my shoe , a hard object jammed into my hip .
tr	I	Yes , Will 's stony departure been had her fault .
tr	O	What was wrong he thought struggling to sit up again , his fingers clenching into a tight ball as the excruciating pain washed over him .
tr	O	Finally , she threw up her hands and walked over to sit down .
tr	O	How can anyone say you 're meant to hurt ?
tr	O	The raised voice of the sergeant , abruptly cut off , then the corporal 's screams were the next sounds he heard .
tr	O	When he was close enough to the lighted purple circle in the floor , a hologram appeared and smiled at him .
tr	I	Do you think I 've been lied to about Breath how works ?
tr	I	It 's the same woman , she was in her first year the at University .
tr	O	Ron placed both his hands flat on the table .
tr	I	When it confirmed that no more medical intervention was necessary , he let out another sigh massive of relief .
tr	O	At last we come to the street of silversmiths , the faint sound of the rapid tapping of their hammers as distinct as a hailstorm .
tr	O	Luke 's mom put him to work all morning , both inside and outside the house , tidying up while she made lunch .
tr	O	No time to waste .
tr	O	The animals had noticed their numbers thinning for some time .
tr	I	The next moment I was on my back and Jax loomed , his mouth curving in a sexy dangerously smile .
tr	I	Even if he wants to nothing do with me , I still have to protect him .
tr	I	She had a order restraining for Ray but had just barely obtained it .
tr	I	I know Goliath that faked that injury .
tr	O	This made me think he had more than one face to hide .
tr	O	Was this the purpose he had spoken of those nights ago ?
tr	O	Steven affixed his attention squarely on me .
tr	O	he said , a new chill in his voice . '
tr	I	He shrugged of out his jacket .
tr	I	She released him , feeling bereft , shrugged and .
tr	I	The kitchen and the chef next were .
tr	I	The second brother taller was than his siblings , more willowy than lean , his long raven hair tied back in a ponytail that reached his waist .
tr	I	It made me wonder what Guardian training usually entailed because much so of it seemed intuitive .
tr	O	Already shoving passed me he grabbed the crank and fitted it on the shaft .
tr	O	I went and got these from the newspaper offices after Neil was convicted .
tr	I	Before him lay his spearmen , did nor they rise to salute him .
tr	O	There was no thought of a fight .
tr	I	That was , until she got closer I and saw her red eyes .
tr	I	Maybe she 'd been deliberately cultivating this unkempt look instead of just failing to spend time and money on she something 'd always considered frivolous .
tr	I	Too much makeup this in sunshine , and a girl looked very trashy , very fast .
tr	I	She was hoping that this time , would things work out .
tr	I	I 'm not certain how husband my will take the news .
tr	O	Though it felt like hours , only five minutes had passed since she 'd arrived .
tr	I	His hair was black and back slicked , now I knew why they called it a cow lick .
tr	O	He couldn 't put her through that .
tr	O	She tasted his essence , she tasted the adrenaline , the primitive joy of battle , she tasted his pain .
tr	O	He chuckled softly when her mouth opened , then closed again without any words of what she ate .
tr	I	So he was , seemed it , again .
tr	I	After all , you were the one to bring in him to our clan .
tr	O	After a second , the apparition disintegrates into ash .
tr	O	She knew she shouldn 't harm them , and she should definitely not perform witchcraft in front of them .
tr	I	The kidnap of child the of an extremist would start the ball rolling , and then the bargaining would begin .
tr	O	He didn 't know if Clint wanted to talk about it all quite yet , so moved on to the mess before them .
tr	O	' And in groups of forty ? '
tr	O	' Not your fault , ' she said , sitting down heavily at the table .
tr	I	Especially the Ranger Pink .
tr	O	To rip down and drive him into the earth .
tr	O	He tried to divert Daniel 's attention by talking about the upcoming journey he and Edna were going on .
tr	O	Keeley 's face filled with sadness and worry .
tr	I	He has always been for there me .
tr	O	Sometimes Sylvia can be a bit eccentric and bend the truth a little , so I wasn 't sure how much I would believe about her news .
tr	O	They looked at their blasters , then at each other , and finally back at Vader .
tr	O	I run to speak to God .
tr	I	Other figures appeared through the blizzard but they did see not him or did not look .
tr	O	After about a minute , the door finally opened .
tr	O	When my parents didn 't come back right away , I knew something had to be wrong .
tr	I	He sticks his out hand and I almost panic before he frowns .
tr	O	She shook her head in frustration .
tr	O	Her hand came up to my cheek , cupping it .
tr	I	You always where knew you stood with Aunt Gertie .
tr	O	Someone else would do what I 'm doing , if not now , then within a decade .
tr	O	' We figured it would all have started by now and we 're here to help .
tr	O	he asked , and Liam nodded , ticking things off on his fingers .
tr	I	Clearly , had Ryan slept with her .
tr	I	Surely the wouldn doctor 't be able to tell from a pregnancy test , would he ?
tr	O	I was at the edge of the pool , staring into its murky green depths .
tr	I	She turned back to include Ryan and Ethan her in view .
tr	I	Did not even look at when him he called her name .
tr	I	Tattoos of whorls and fishes adorned his arms , and I took comfort their in familiarity .
tr	O	Wasn 't that standard practice ?
tr	O	The woman was very weak and could not survive another attack .
tr	I	But someone else was there the Sutton night died .
tr	I	To respect and protect it , to cherish this gifted freely life , and love this person as is your nature .
tr	I	She couldn 't let Bill see the tears that had started to fill eyes her .
tr	O	But I want you to go and free the other prisoners in this place .
tr	O	She fiddled with the buttons on his shirt .
tr	O	But I found out it still ran a few times a day to get workers on and off the island .
tr	I	Glancing over at each body once more to check for movement , I stumbled over and wrapped in her my arms .
tr	O	I 'm not even sure why I came in here .
tr	I	I smiled my at sister , so happy to have her home .
tr	O	What if there 's a personal connection ?
tr	I	Then , like he knew I was watching them , turned he and looked at me .
tr	O	Now they would serve as back packs for their long march to Boise .
tr	O	He rapidly withdrew the blade and unsheathed his heavy dagger .
tr	O	All I hoped for was a solution to their problems because it was quiet obvious she loved the guy .
tr	O	The guy hadn 't been heartbroken .
tr	I	He it did twice .
tr	O	Now it seems like they want something different every week .
tr	O	He motioned to the desk chair .
tr	O	Maks and the others knew what he meant .
tr	I	Polly , Nigel and Albert helped Emma get things settled in her house someone so new could move in .
tr	I	It managed to block flow the of blood and allow coagulation .
tr	O	If the evening hadn 't been so wonderful , she would 've felt irritated with his pressure tactics .
tr	O	All were old , picked clean .
tr	O	When Tessa came to visit him the first time since the shooting , he had asked her to sign it .
tr	O	She made her way up the steps .
tr	O	Or maybe it wasn 't subconsciously .
tr	I	The window creaked broke and into pieces of glasses spattering everywhere .
tr	O	I 'd spent the majority of the journey staring out the window .
tr	O	They looked soft , frilly and expensive .
tr	I	The crowd of supporters cheered , he and could hear his name rising from all sides .
tr	I	The rhythm he set was slow but it sped up as their bodies strained each for other 's .
tr	O	They settled down gently on the landing pad that rose to meet them .
tr	I	Safety be cannot promised .
tr	O	His eyes widened again .
tr	I	I had to out get now - or not get out at all .
tr	O	I ask , folding my arms across my stomach .
tr	O	The email might arrive a little late , but it would at least arrive .
tr	I	She was so unkempt and emaciated : could be she a drug addict ?
tr	I	After a few minutes , they both purchased what they wanted and out walked of the shop .
tr	O	There was no dial tone .
tr	I	' She 's ... ... err like us , ' stuttered Ryan .
tr	I	Not that she gave damn a .
tr	I	Another concern for Louisa was that Charlotte had married before her elder sister , something Louisa unseemly considered .
tr	O	He had firmly concluded that he would have more luck backstabbing the other Racers than Summer would have betraying the Tanks .
tr	I	I wasn 't even sure I could trust him , but I needed to someone tell about my discovery .
tr	O	He 's taller than I remember and I instantly tip my head up to meet his emerald eyes .
tr	I	Chapter Twenty-One William Present ~ Day Ten thirty-five mocked me from the ticking dashboard clock .
tr	I	She no longer had the strength to up climb the rope .
tr	I	We happy looked and relaxed with our arms around each other and my head tucked under his chin .
tr	I	I 'm usually not here at night .
tr	I	A seconds few later the most innocent looking brunette emerged from the boxes , carrying two cans of beer .
tr	O	Why didn 't I just walk around naked all the time ?
tr	I	He saw the beginnings of the city over the of shoulder their Cylon driver .
tr	O	She felt a powerful need to remain close .
tr	I	He out let a stifled scream through clenched teeth .
tr	I	He offered to take me if I wanted to him .
tr	I	In , out , breathed she , slowly , each intake and exhalation precise .
tr	I	He came over at the end of the night , to pick something up the for kids , he said .
tr	O	Any moment now , he expected to wake up from a dream with an erection .
tr	I	She could hit the marketplace and for ask advice on the spices they sold .
tr	I	You will be injected him in within the next few minutes .
tr	I	Not quite unsanitary , not but quite worthy of notice , either .
tr	I	Pavel 's eyes lit up like Nikolai had just him given the best Christmas gift ever .
tr	I	She sure was there would be negative repercussions but she would deal with them later .
tr	O	If he was going to risk a direct assault on the shop , he knew it was now or never .
tr	I	Those beautiful blue eyes that so often seemed cold so flashed the purest emotion I 'd ever seen .
tr	O	Scarlett leaned forward to look inside the coffin .
tr	I	He then took her wrist , it pulling across his abdomen , resting her arm there .
tr	O	Have to set up the next stage of a test .
tr	I	I he think 'd like to take us out .
tr	O	I hated nights the most , when I was alone , when I was stuck with just my thoughts and my heartache .
tr	O	His voice had softened at the end of his speech .
tr	O	He looked ahead , to escape .
tr	I	An older man with a short white beard called us to from behind the counter , smiling and waving at Rhys .
tr	I	My voice out rang loud and clear .
tr	I	The helmet was and jammed took a concentrated wrench to remove .
tr	O	He turned and went down the hallway and knocked on her door .
tr	O	Sofia , baffled but full of excitement , followed .
tr	I	I 'd rather be stoking in fires the armory .
tr	I	Colin caught her in his arms and wasted no time in whirling behind her the protection of his body .
tr	O	That this was probably the only time I 'd ever see Gwen because in a couple weeks I 'd be gone ?
tr	I	I poured myself a third cup and carried the steaming to liquid my desk .
tr	I	She tried to keep the anger out her of voice .
tr	O	We gallop parallel to the cliff edge , and beyond it I see a flock of white birds keeping pace with us .
tr	O	She 'd always admired his body .
tr	O	They flew down the length of the nave , turned sharply , and disappeared through a doorway .
tr	I	She pulled her hand released and from his grip .
tr	O	He 'd lost his horse somewhere , and they 'd found him with a group of refugees in the Square of the Survivor .
tr	O	He leans back against the desk in front of me .
tr	I	Now , these same anchors positioned themselves so that they each had something to grab and hold on to they while climbed up .
tr	O	They had to get out of here .
tr	O	His bot must have told him something I missed while I was plotting .
tr	O	Nothing to be afraid of just be sure not to drink the coffee ... . .
tr	I	All the while thinking , 'm I about to punch you in the face .
tr	O	I thought he 'd freak out , but his expression remained calm .
tr	I	I should be in period second lab class , but instead I cut .
tr	O	She 's already on her way to Berkshire , to help Ainsley prepare , so off he went .
tr	I	Then he that decided that would be a very stupid afterlife and that he wasn 't dead after all .
tr	I	I feel a pang of what be could homesickness as I think about stepping beyond .
tr	O	They know exactly what he 's going to do as soon as he thinks of it .
tr	I	He delighted was with the audience 's positive response .
tr	I	But I like feeling the .
tr	I	' Just remember who it is you 're to talking . '
tr	I	he asks , his arms against straining my weight .
tr	I	If you would just it tone down a bit , they 'd see the you I love .
tr	O	He showed them through the house Cheyenne had previously seen from the entryway and only in the dark .
tr	O	The man who for the last eighteen months I thought was dead .
tr	O	Her whole training told her that this was an operation for the State .
tr	I	With that thing on his head and back , I couldn 't tell what was he .
tr	I	Kendall smiled , obviously pleased to be on in the action .
tr	I	Even so , it took everything he had not to pull her away from the slender man her hugging .
tr	I	I 't don know .
tr	O	Whatever beauty the woman once possessed had been stolen from her .
tr	O	After that , he came to find her , to tell her how much he loved her and needed her .
tr	I	He at looked me gravely .
tr	O	I didn 't start the fights . '
tr	I	This was the one place in the world she to wanted be .
tr	O	His feet touched the ground and the souls stopped whirling so fast , though there was still a spark in the air , a muted excitement .
tr	I	She took her and pen paper and walked down the hallway .
tr	I	She slipped her arms beneath and his demonstrated how to tuck the corners .
tr	I	I smiled at him , loving moment every of this .
tr	O	He believed Flight 29 was heading east on automatic pilot .
tr	I	* * * We alone are in the rehearsal studio .
tr	I	Nate rubbed the wooden of arms his chair .
tr	I	She spun , slipping of out her pack straps and jumping forward instead of back as he might have expected .
tr	I	He had that noticed Paul had raised his pen beside him to inject something .
tr	I	I wrap brain my around the situation again .
tr	I	And wonder I if I want it to be .
tr	I	How had her captors produced the exact likeness of the she man 'd met last night , down to that same feral edge ?
tr	O	And for that I was thankful to both Sylvie and Jett .
tr	I	She wanted to beg him keep to going but bit her lip to keep quiet .
tr	O	Camellia stopped and put her finger to her lips .
tr	I	Everything had golden a glow , as though the entire place was candlelit .
tr	I	As the stranger spoke , they heard a rustling sound of some small creature burrowing in undergrowth the .
tr	I	Toby looked around the for room ideas .
tr	I	Her skin was soft and smooth , and I couldn 't keep myself from wanting to her touch .
tr	O	Raven never talked about her life , her childhood , to anyone , least of all a complete stranger .
tr	O	The truck turned off about two miles back .
tr	I	Chase grinned broadly as figures two approached them ; Emerson and a tall , red-headed man .
tr	I	He faced them , holding up the handout like magic a talisman .
tr	O	Because now I can 't get my record and I am pissed off too .
tr	I	' And others the , the guests ?
tr	O	His life was so far removed from hers now that there was nothing to share .
tr	O	After a few seconds , I hear him pile things inside .
tr	I	Matt claimed he didn 't care about had what happened thirteen years ago , but he didn 't understand .
tr	O	Several of the windshields were broken , and the extra plating covering the hull was almost completely torn away .
tr	O	The sound pierced him straight through the chest .
tr	O	She was still alone .
tr	O	Within seconds she felt a chill and began to shake .
tr	O	Sluggish was expected after a close call with death .
tr	O	While many of the member states knew the advantages of changing things , old traditions remained important .
tr	O	The teacher is a little incredulous at first , but once he sees the fear in Tam 's eyes he agree that we can go .
tr	O	You aren 't going anywhere near Derek .
tr	O	I sit down and the noises from outside close off as the door shuts behind Trajan .
tr	I	Beowulf signaled for his men to take a search quick around the outside of the warehouse .
tr	O	His decision to resign and the reasons for it would infuriate her .
tr	I	We engage in a mini staring contest , her jokingly sizing up my trustworthiness , me trying my hardest look to innocent .
tr	O	Who was the woman on the table - the woman with the eyes , fiery and red ?
tr	I	Ship 's words and images rode this over flooding awareness .
tr	I	Bailey glanced her at older sister .
tr	I	This is our first night out her without .
tr	O	The type of brown that looked odd against dark skin , it was almost chocolate but not dark enough to blend in with her pupils .
tr	O	They sat soaking up the fire 's warmth .
tr	I	she declared , settling into herself an armchair near the mahogany tea table .
tr	O	He had just stood there , letting Paul chase her .
tr	I	It didn even 't shiver with the snow that began to pound against her .
tr	O	And that was more true than I knew .
tr	O	she exclaims , beaming at us and holding out her hand .
tr	I	We need get to over there . '
tr	I	Her lawyer shook his head , a expression harassed on his face .
tr	I	Gray 's little in room the shed .
tr	I	He kisses her lips then smiles , swinging them towards archway the .
tr	I	Chapter 3 Paula hardly that slept night .
tr	I	Celeste looked unconvinced but her phone started ringing and she wheeled back to cubicle her to answer it .
tr	O	If you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient .
tr	I	Then the began whispering .
tr	O	Despite the small size , Nina had always gone to great pains to keep her home tidy and well decorated .
tr	I	The girl who had brought me the bathrobe came around with a tray of stemmed glasses filled with clear a fluid .
tr	I	Cyprus will yours be once again . '
tr	I	I even got kicked out of a choir church when I was nine .
tr	I	That why was he 'd looked at her so strangely when he 'd gotten that phone call , the one informing him of her brothers ' coup .
tr	I	How were we to going eat and drink ?
tr	O	Then he shuffled away , hanging his head low in a dejected defeat she didn 't quite understand .
tr	O	Jack looked over the dirty street and children with surprise .
tr	O	And he did not want to lose him .
tr	I	The snorting of horses as they made charge a struck him with a feeling of ice cold dread .
tr	I	I hoping was the latter .
tr	I	He so seems quiet .
tr	I	' My people never have harmed yours . '
tr	O	He wets his lips with his tongue and my thighs burn in anticipation .
tr	I	There 's no reason why Luca should have to further pay for a crime that he didn want 't to commit .
tr	O	I 'm lucky enough to have a good ear , and I can remember music easily .
tr	I	He wanted me to know that it was he that would me catch .
tr	I	They shot a roll of film , then looking went for witnesses .
tr	I	For the first time , since they had been in Red Mountain , Jed realized there were other people their copying stealing activity .
tr	O	Not looking to savage the first person thick enough to follow them inside a building .
tr	I	Dawn put the clothes over her body hating the of feel the clothes .
tr	I	Matt flipped back to the first page , and word one popped out at him .
tr	I	Gavin pointed to desk her .
tr	O	Not for insulting her , but for being so astute as to recognize the truth of her most recent behavior .
tr	O	It was only when Ken and Chris analyzed the underlying statistics that warning flags went off .
tr	I	Mike back walked into the den and sighed in frustration .
tr	I	There had been several floods in the past , causing the Romans to the fear majestic river as much as they took pride in it .
tr	O	I could see the rafters right at the top of the turret , where Uncle Drac 's sleeping bag usually hangs .
tr	O	She had chosen her horse .
tr	I	It felt good just to relax , to in bask the pleasure of Travis 's company .
tr	O	Or at least stop thinking about it , much less talking .
tr	I	Royce reluctantly his left son and went over to the window , then he crossed to her bed .
tr	I	Ian 's other crew members begin to up speak .
tr	I	What he will think about this ?
tr	I	' Ere , ' ere , Miss Faber , must you come away from there !
tr	I	Lila : I did something bad ... I I think might need your help .
tr	O	He looked around and then started for the door .
tr	I	Okay , so she if was really honest , she wanted to know how his dinner went .
tr	O	Forever , it seemed like .
tr	O	It seemed like the logical step after Soren had found her wedding dress in that little second-hand shop in Marseilles last week .
tr	O	The duke had suspected the existence of a Jacobite ring for some time and had identified three men whom he thought involved in it .
tr	O	He shrugged into his jacket .
tr	I	But none that of was possible .
tr	I	He studied my face for a moments few .
tr	I	Scott will be so upset if audition the doesn 't go just the way he wants .
tr	O	She fidgeted with the silver medallion as the night wore on .
tr	O	As though I 'd dreamed her up , Iris had vanished from my life .
tr	O	I have no clue what I want to do with it , but shit , my parents saved all that money for me to go to college .
tr	I	In the electronic security centre deep below Wellington 's streets , lights the flickered as the generators took over .
tr	O	I looked over the railing and spotted Peyton waving frantically below .
tr	O	I trembled but stood up straight .
tr	O	The congenital defects led to monsters , and the mothers would become unsuitable for their purpose .
tr	I	He pressed a kissed to forehead my .
tr	I	It 's the only response I can to think say .
tr	O	Running outside , Jason checked around the house .
tr	O	That was the only way this was going to work .
tr	I	When I look up at him , can I feel the flush of embarrassment creeping into my cheeks .
tr	O	The whole time you were stretched out ... suspended ... there were none .
tr	O	When he walked away from her she felt her heart break in half .
tr	I	You have should seen her today .
tr	I	How many calls did get they about missing wives ?
tr	O	Patch 's laugh was low and predatory .
tr	O	Tony nodded and hurried off .
tr	O	He still had a few bruises that said otherwise , but he wasn 't about to say that !
tr	I	He pushing was too hard ; my ribs creaked in pain .
tr	I	The was result that the city 's booming financial district had invaded .
tr	I	That was another yearly of ritual mine .
tr	I	The hairs on Alejo 's arm stood end on .
tr	O	I didn 't want them to know I was coming back , that I had left something .
tr	O	She relented and was in the air , making her way to the door .
tr	O	Stepping into the room , the President trod over one of the loose pieces of paper littering the floor and bent forward to pick it up .
tr	O	She had no sooner got that thought out when her cell phone sounded out with music .
tr	I	He had his hands in his pockets coat .
tr	I	' We can 't let you guys have the all fun . '
tr	I	He also recalled how had she reacted to Phillips 's handling of Sam , and how she had tended to Sam with more attention than required .
tr	I	Two other hallways branched off from one this .
tr	I	But what mortal man could be so as stealthy to be invisible ?
tr	I	And she proven 'd herself effective .
tr	I	Also , you want another look at the man who been 's plaguing your dreams for the last few years .
tr	I	Otherwise , I would not say such thing a .
tr	I	Then Liam was shoving the open bedroom door .
tr	I	The friends all were stocky little guys , all with the same tattoos .
tr	I	Has it not been thus since dawn the of time ?
tr	O	You 're going to bend to my will .
tr	O	When I looked at the gryphon , the creature 's leg was completely healed .
tr	I	She squirmed on his lap until Seth his put hand on her stomach , stopping her and pulling her back against him .
tr	O	Even if Ethan wasn 't here .
tr	I	That 's when a heavy length of chain lashed and out wrapped around me , yanking me backward .
tr	O	Do you miss me ?
tr	O	Maybe he would leave the subject now .
tr	O	It had to have been in the vitamins , and that was what had made him feel better .
tr	O	' That Aubrey 's a big bloke , and they each hated Carmen enough by the end . '
tr	I	Her appliances disappeared amid a flurry of true metallic music , the triumph of horns and drums that had been nearly in forgotten the distant present .
tr	I	Mary 's out in the garden , hanging out the washing , when Joshua 's father arrives in a trap pony .
tr	I	That was why I couldn 't smell anybody ; they all went into the tunnel while I was upstairs brother with Brett .
tr	I	His fly eyes open while he stares .
tr	O	As expected our lightning cannon destroyed the policeman 's cruiser .
tr	I	Got caught ran and .
tr	O	She showed no reaction .
tr	I	And it my confirmed suspicions .
tr	I	Like you said , this is fight your .
tr	O	Can you imagine the ramifications if the Federation has purchased the codes to our trackers and have access to our tracking information ?
tr	O	Rock and ice chunks bit into the exposed patches of her face .
tr	I	But that could mean as long as fifteen minutes somebody until comes along to rescue me .
tr	O	Soon one will drop and cleanse my eyes .
tr	O	She understood now what he wanted .
tr	O	It is not the first time that a spirit of the Underworld has been scared by the shield .
tr	O	His car has more buttons and screens than I 've ever seen in a car in my life .
tr	O	I shook my head , telling myself that thinking about vampires was a sign I was cracking under pressure .
tr	I	' I 'm sick getting of hearing about it . '
tr	O	Happy that you can spend the rest of your life in ignorant bliss .
tr	O	But when she realized she 'd gotten lucky and everything was still in working order , she sat up and listened carefully for the sound of footsteps .
tr	I	She back smiled at me .
tr	I	Do you think it be 'll ... you know ... done by the time we get back ? '
tr	I	She takes a chug long of Joey 's bottled water .
tr	O	I see Lexy craning her neck waiting in anticipation .
tr	O	Janice , tell us if you see any lights behind .
tr	I	But then , as I remember spooky the feeling in the air on my way home , I shiver .
tr	I	- nodded She , absent-mindedly .
tr	I	Biting at the of inside my lower lip , I nodded .
tr	I	Ashe couldn 't help grin but back .
tr	I	After consideration she picked up the phone and rang Millard Doctor .
tr	O	She was only inches away from him .
tr	O	I think it 's genuine , and we have nothing else to go on .
tr	O	Foxton rolled his eyes as he drew another long breath from the Toscano .
tr	I	said the on voice the other end of the phone .
tr	O	So , to recap .
tr	I	I angry 'm now .
tr	O	The men shifted and sat up , allowing her to do the same .
tr	O	But I swore them to secrecy .
tr	I	Then it took a dramatic and decline beautiful , slowing its pace until Ariana finished it with a long note .
tr	O	She wasn 't with a typical man .
tr	O	But now there were shadows , moving across the stone .
tr	I	I don understand 't .
tr	O	I agree , but no freaking out if you don 't hear from me until late .
tr	O	I have to either let her break the chain or stop talking for a moment for her mind to reset itself .
tr	O	Everything about you seems to bring me back to life .
tr	I	I enjoyed being only the child , but , truth was , I wanted somebody to play with .
tr	O	A big man stood in front of her .
tr	I	It really has a been long day .
tr	O	I wondered how his lips would feel against my exposed neck .
tr	I	Nicole and Suzy plan 's to capture their nemesis , the current Chancellor of the university , had been running suspiciously smoothly .
tr	O	Buddy bounded up and ran as fast as his three legs would carry him into the next room .
tr	O	She 'd apparently been standing on the far side of the kitchen this entire time .
tr	I	None of the would others help her , or protect her from their taunts , their fists .
tr	I	After I took it , I sent to it Julia .
tr	O	I 'm sweating so much my head feels like a river now .
tr	O	I almost add that she could stay another night if she wanted before deciding that might sound suspiciously overeager .
tr	O	Sullivan was a traitor and a murderer .
tr	I	A spasm ran William up 's back , branching into his chest and arms until his whole body was quaking .
tr	O	He didn 't miss the looks of question directed toward Sarah , but he offered no comment .
tr	O	This Harvester , or whatever , isn 't going to come looking for Isaac or for me .
tr	O	She wouldn 't just let his friend turn into a monster , would she ?
tr	I	But 's it hopeless .
tr	I	Tears ran down creases the of his stroke stiffened face .
tr	I	Meet me tomorrow here , darlings , and we will discuss where you will go next .
tr	O	Forgive me and take me .
tr	I	Greg as reacted well as could be hoped when I told him I didn 't want to go on any more dates with him .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure I could handle any more truth .
tr	O	I want to go home .
tr	I	She probably forces her way onto the first lifeboat available and be damned to everyone else , ' Lizzie whispered back .
tr	I	I behind faltered him .
tr	O	The thought of Samantha pressing close to him motivated his feet .
tr	O	The operator had pulled far enough ahead for him to see the SUV along the street , as if he had been expecting it .
tr	O	He pushed up in bed , sitting tal er .
tr	I	When moaned he she smiled and she did not stop .
tr	O	She 'd always thought she 'd given all of herself to her family , to her friends , to dancing .
tr	I	Trick tugs my hand , pulling me closer to side his .
tr	O	But it was ironic , all things considered , that , in the end , I would wind up as a zombie .
tr	O	Beauty 's more trouble than it 's worth . '
tr	I	Funny , Kylie thought , her experience ghosts said really liked tinkering with her cell .
tr	I	I would just as soon start as over to finish it .
tr	O	He 'll leave men behind like in Risk , and then he 'll come after us .
tr	I	And now you 've cured him of his fever and he 'll soon recover his strength and he 'll go out and it do again !
tr	O	Tears wel ed up in Kylie 's eyes again .
tr	O	After the game ended , Russ had checked to make sure he was okay , then stalked off .
tr	I	The swordsman didn look 't happy .
tr	O	Rage descended like a red haze across his vision and he no longer wanted to control it .
tr	I	I the rounded turn near the kennel and heard the trumpet sounding and dogs barking .
tr	O	Her eyes had adjusted enough to make out the candle on the nightstand .
tr	I	She could almost imagine living here , almost imagine what it would be if like Idris were home .
tr	I	James kept arm his around Joni , but she shuddered at the venom in Kathy 's eyes .
tr	I	She ached for loss the and confusion and terror that he had gone through .
tr	I	Just as I pass the pond 's oak tree boundary , the voices in started .
tr	I	Let the pharmacies work around the clock , pushing their assortment of pills happy .
tr	I	And here he was , enduring the party his associate was throwing for to him celebrate his impending imprisonment .
tr	O	I guess I forgot that he was once a Dauntless spy .
tr	O	Henrietta looked at him askance .
tr	I	Remember when you said you 'd drink shitty coffee the rest of life your if you could just live ?
tr	I	Emotionally , she hoped it would get easier , but intellectually she knew their fear kept them alert and would very likely save their many lives times .
tr	O	All I want now , at this moment , is to grow old with you .
tr	O	His eyes were so dark they were almost black .
tr	O	Sherman and Lynn both laughed when he said that because they knew he probably would do it if Sherman would 've said okay .
tr	O	The Talent can be powerful , it can be unpredictable , and it can be disastrous .
tr	O	It 's a strange challenge , staying sane .
tr	O	The door to the office opened , and Lucy showed the two police officers inside .
tr	O	How could this man drive away all her inhibitions ?
tr	I	You be might raising Cam on your own .
tr	I	This was especially useful when I wanted to contact the people the in room for my own purposes .
tr	O	Poor Meg had sacrificed enough to stand beside her .
tr	O	After all , I was the only one who had committed any murders on this little crime spree of ours .
tr	I	But Emma different felt all the same : lighter somehow , less alone .
tr	I	I stared at him as drove he .
tr	I	This was some sort of game , something to unsteady me , he but wasn 't going to win .
tr	I	Not women all are like Francesca .
tr	O	She held it up in front of me .
tr	O	There was no guile or falsehood in his manner at all .
tr	O	And now you can be .
tr	O	But now I 'm out .
tr	O	For once , my little sister and I were in complete agreement .
tr	O	His guys would probably do a much better job than she could ever do so it would make sense .
tr	O	The smells were getting worse , and I had to put my hand over my mouth to stop myself from gagging on the foul fumes .
tr	O	Getting up , he walked around to the large desk and sat in the chair .
tr	I	Then he stopped raised and himself on his elbows to look down at her .
tr	I	She would be enemy an of mine -- it would be an interesting battle , but she lacks something .
tr	I	Bruce Glazer , mechanic his , was already in the back shop working on a Sea-Doo that tended to crap out in rough wakes .
tr	O	Thin lines of sunlight shined through the spaces in the deck planks above him .
tr	I	Shaun cried , drawing some attention from tables the around them .
tr	O	It would be too rude .
tr	O	As fast as you can !
tr	O	Rachel and Corky gasped in unison .
tr	I	Tomas 's deepened frown .
tr	I	On Friday this morning as he turned over , his wife was not there .
tr	I	Jimmy bent down and stroked a few strands of silky her hair .
tr	I	If you think that 's stupid a idea , then we 're on the same page .
tr	O	He was the Commissioner of Revenue , and had had a grand new palace designed by a London architect .
tr	I	I said , tapping said the glove with a finger .
tr	I	He 't didn give Lexie a thought as he looked at how shaken up his own woman was .
tr	O	I 'll always care about him .
tr	O	They all began to do jumping jacks .
tr	O	She was sucking in small breaths now , her throat catching with every rough stroke of his fingers , every forceful stab of his cock .
tr	I	After finally making it to his hotel room , he fell the across bed and slept till his alarm blared the next morning .
tr	I	She felt in hot his arms , her eyes dazed .
tr	O	The same one I remembered waking up on before .
tr	O	She 'd probably never know how much she 'd changed me .
tr	I	While it might sound appealing , she wasn 't convinced that really was the solution .
tr	O	They 'd let us push our bodies to their limits , but we could easily pass those limits without knowing and drop dead .
tr	O	But I loved him for his goodness , and I knew I must keep his secrets , as much for my own sake as for his .
tr	O	Deciding to head in that direction , Kira sighed in relief .
tr	O	Inez chuckled as he straightened and the three cats immediately began to twine around his legs , meowing plaintively at being abandoned .
tr	I	He wondered she if 'd stopped that night and heard a noise .
tr	I	This here loser sent his private yacht to meet them .
tr	I	Selena took book the .
tr	I	Always placing in himself danger to shield his twin , always taking the lead in every dangerous situation .
tr	I	I 'm guessing was it a homeless person or a corpse he dug up .
tr	O	When was this nightmarish situation going to end ?
tr	O	He 's an interesting Were .
tr	I	Sitting down on the new chair , Linc held his niece , who deliciously smelled of baby powder and shampoo , and kissed her forehead .
tr	I	Because I was going send to them there .
tr	O	After school I rushed home , giving my friends an excuse of a headache .
tr	I	It changed everything her for .
tr	O	It was good to know some things in Gatlin would never change .
tr	O	They pushed through the thick underbrush and disappeared into the forest once more .
tr	O	It was not until the cottage came into view and Al ' ice had rushed to greet them that he reluctantly relinquished his hold .
tr	I	It is luminescence a that flows off your body .
tr	I	Tony looked at the pair in horror , forgetting for a moment the agonizing in pain his wrist .
tr	O	With a thought , Caesar turned off the screen .
tr	O	Abigail threw her towel over her shoulder .
tr	O	Corrie needed to sit down again .
tr	O	Its top was hinged shut and secured with a clamp and pin .
tr	I	A smile moved onto his face before he even realized it coming was .
tr	I	The dark customer disapprovingly looked around the shop .
tr	I	She bit down her on lip .
tr	I	The bedchamber opens a onto small receiving room , and even though I sense no hearts beating in there , I pause .
tr	I	Bailey cleared throat her .
tr	I	Bootsy said nothing but thought working at Rehab had House put things into perspective .
tr	I	I gasped his at crudeness .
tr	I	I expected some healthy manhandling as he crushed my into body his , reminding me who was in charge .
tr	O	Finally , she made herself rise , move , open the door .
tr	O	He much preferred her this way , the fire rather than the ice .
tr	I	He feels an sense overwhelming of pride and tranquility .
tr	O	he called back , both stalling and trying to get more information .
tr	I	BG : homage An .
tr	O	The two of them floated down to the ground together .
tr	O	He should have been alerted to the fire sooner .
tr	O	His voice was menacing and Adelaide could swear the room grew dark and cold .
tr	I	You will always be my heart God and knows that .
tr	I	The girl looked up at him with vacant eyes and he kissed her parted in lips a brief thank you .
tr	I	This could be anyone 's house , observed she .
tr	I	Please do for this me .
tr	I	Another shot hit arm my as I took down two IM with a single sweep of fire from my laser .
tr	I	Who heck the could be calling at this hour ?
tr	O	Emma shifted from one side to the other .
tr	O	Nobody missed what they hadn 't ever known .
tr	O	They just kept feeding men into it .
tr	O	What if this has nothing to do with the Crew ?
tr	O	Zane grabbed the carving knife off the table .
tr	I	I suppose the little wrinkle hadn 't been out smoothed yet .
tr	O	He grasped it as he leapt through the doorway ; the other followed .
tr	O	Halfway home I realized I didn 't even know his number .
tr	O	All I want to do is to become a puddle of Shannon at his feet and evaporate magically to reconstitute in his bed .
tr	O	So he refused his father 's offer and remained at the public school , remained beneath her and her sons , remained where she wanted him .
tr	I	She opened her legs wide , her going hand to the hot wet core of her .
tr	O	I 'm meet you here in the lobby .
tr	O	Eleanor 's green eyes were fixed on him intently .
tr	I	I to wanted see him smile .
tr	O	I hadn 't forgotten how terrifying it was the last time she 'd brought me out into the wilderness .
tr	I	The triumph is the space between the fingers if : God exists anywhere , he exists there .
tr	O	Alexander leaned into me and gave me a slow kiss .
tr	O	One of them had a shaved head and heavily tattooed arms .
tr	O	Susannah turned and drove toward the house .
tr	O	It was then that Gracie took a long look at Brett .
tr	I	I believe the artifact remains on the preserve fallen , and I believe we will retrieve it first .
tr	O	I hoped the rest of this test wouldn 't be dry ; I could have really used a drink right about then .
tr	I	The guy who just left , he wasn 't of afraid me at all .
tr	I	In the back corner , Deanna , a Reaper , still glowed bright blindingly .
tr	I	Jaime raised her free hand and began to make swift , fluid at gestures Iliana with it .
tr	O	Faye made no immediate response , but she seemed to be mulling this challenge over .
tr	O	I promise I will bring her by the house for one of your home cooked dinners .
tr	I	I hope you know that I would never willingly allow your to safety be endangered , but we 're at a complete disadvantage right now .
tr	O	We hope we will be able to find the right father for the missing boy .
tr	I	Sitting in the living room , they ate pizza watched and a variety of television .
tr	I	Two do : you have plans tonight ?
tr	I	When a vampire as as powerful Shane wanted to vanish , stopping him wasn 't exactly an easy thing to do .
tr	I	Stumbling a little exhaustion from , I went to the wall Meredith where had punched in the code and began my search .
tr	O	Faces weren 't built to handle such confusion .
tr	O	A nurse came in and soon Suzy was floating again .
tr	O	She stood at six foot , one inch tall .
tr	I	They were determined they weren 't going to someone let go around breaking into their houses and terrorizing their women again .
tr	O	Christopher yanked his bedroom door open and rushed down the hall .
tr	O	Will ow shot him that heart stopping smile of hers and he looked a little shaken .
tr	O	He didn 't take his shoes off .
tr	I	Bending , he snatched up 's Mille cane .
tr	I	What if did it work ?
tr	I	I want it hard fast and and powerful .
tr	O	He walks out of the lab before Pierre has a chance to say anything else .
tr	O	She blinked hard , sucked in a deep breath , and glanced around sharply .
tr	O	Her stomach simply wasn 't strong enough to watch any creature suffer .
tr	I	Gaius felt the hairs his on nape stand upright .
tr	O	Somewhere there may be an ecological balance as complex as that of Earth .
tr	I	I hated myself this in moment .
tr	O	She was somehow alive after al that .
tr	I	The nodded Principal as well .
tr	O	Julian envisioned a midnight picnic on the beach , complete with sweets and champagne .
tr	I	And Cassie falling really didn 't make sense the I more thought about it .
tr	O	He sat dejectedly on a chair in the kitchen and stared at the opposite wall .
tr	O	The warden is out of his mind .
tr	I	Megan had lots of questions , but the Unknowns started talking about something different completely .
tr	I	I had made it down in to Nevada when Sunder Dr. found me .
tr	O	I felt him there with me .
tr	O	Despite her best intentions , she found herself becoming irritated by his taunting tone .
tr	I	Not only had Nick seen naked her , he 'd also brought her to orgasm .
tr	O	I jumped up to search the darkness .
tr	O	Unfortunately , that was impossible .
tr	I	What had learned I ?
tr	O	Ill fortune alone is not enough .
tr	O	The island country off the coast of Africa had been so romantic and exotic .
tr	O	But I told myself , if what Etienne said was true , it might be time for the Buchanan women to get out of the concubine business .
tr	O	If Philip liked Sarah and honestly thought he could have a life with her , who was he to stand in his way ?
tr	I	A rattling crash that announced someone else lived .
tr	I	There now was at least a vague air of anticipation .
tr	I	If not , 're we probably looking at a snake oil .
tr	I	That explained some of anguish her .
tr	I	Elias his shook head sadly .
tr	O	They seemed particularly prone to stomach upsets followed by spells of dizziness , which was uncomfortable rather than life threatening .
tr	I	A good thing since he about was to lose it and he hadn 't even been inside her yet .
tr	I	He had never dreamed dreaming about , so he could only assume he wasn 't dreaming now .
tr	I	She mimed walking with her fingers and I slapped hands her .
tr	O	I swallowed , looking up to meet his eyes .
tr	I	The door flew open , and twenty or constructs so ran in .
tr	O	He tenses under my touch , trying to edge out from under my grip .
tr	O	They were running flat out now , uncaring of their burning lungs and cramping muscles .
tr	O	When we stepped outside , the chilly Chicago air felt good as it whipped past me ; it helped me clear my head .
tr	O	He turned back in his chair to the computer and reluctantly continued the lesson .
tr	O	Gunner fired his weapon with a thunderous blast .
tr	I	' ' Please to meet all you .
tr	I	Excited whispering started had among the villagers .
tr	O	They opted to make the most of their fortunate fates and never lost a sense of gratitude for what they had .
tr	I	He reached out and grabbed her waist steady to himself , and guide her forward .
tr	O	Neal had his back to the wall , and he was holding his beer with both hands .
tr	I	The spotlight white winked out , went back on .
tr	I	Sonia body 's responded but , luckily , her brain did not .
tr	O	We both started to speak at the same time , and I stopped to let her go first .
tr	I	She turned the brass handle on the edge of tub the , holding her hand under the stream of freezing water until it gradually began to warm .
tr	O	James looked at me expectantly .
tr	O	It was perhaps because of his abandon .
tr	O	Robin rolled her eyes and leaned over and brushed my chest softly .
tr	I	It was not as though Chessie had an attachment emotional to the job .
tr	O	' How long have you been a witch ? '
tr	O	He gathered her hair into a loose ponytail then draped it over her right shoulder .
tr	I	He started the down block with quick , agitated strides , heading for the lake .
tr	I	He kissed a path my to lips .
tr	I	We tried make to it look we 'd gone up the Red . '
tr	O	More than great , no thanks to you .
tr	I	Vela felt the seal happen and she stepped back just as another explosion just sounded beyond the darkening boundary .
tr	I	This extremely was dangerous to their enemies .
tr	O	So , that 's no longer the issue .
tr	O	Jewell didn 't know if she 'd ever stop running , and she didn 't even know who she was running from more - Blake or herself .
tr	O	So he 'd been right , Mac thought .
tr	O	These tectonic plates rub against each other under New Zealand and specifically under Wellington where three major fault lines converge .
tr	I	He suave looked and sure of himself , as always .
tr	I	He knew very well that these few would hours have to sustain him through all the lonely years ahead .
tr	O	The power of the blow was shown by how violently Edo was tossed to the ground , his limbs flaying wildly as the body spun over itself .
tr	O	We will murder you in the night and eat your bloody face if you stay past sunset .
tr	O	Luca is staring at me , his expression still unreadable .
tr	I	' That little was boy inside the house .
tr	O	Promise me you 'll be careful , Adrian .
tr	O	He had eluded them .
tr	O	They were reduced to a regime of exercise and a balanced diet , with group counselling every day .
tr	O	The P suits , he knew were for working in an enclosed area that had no air or gravity .
tr	I	No more Magic Dust and an only occasional Happy Thought ... but there was always something a little dangerous about Peter Pan , wasn 't there ?
tr	O	He hadn 't offered her a seat but , invited or not , she sat .
tr	O	My mouth is agape as my mind whirls in lopsided circles , struggling to make sense of what my eyes are seeing .
tr	O	I wrapped my arms around myself .
tr	I	Welcome the to Vision of the Seas .
tr	I	That been had easy .
tr	I	Sawyer beside me shifted uncomfortably , looking like she wasn 't if sure she should stay by my side or leave me alone with the coach .
tr	O	Maybe it wasn 't just the lamplight that made his eyes full of fire .
tr	O	Alice seems surprised to find the baby still there , as though Patsy should have tucked herself in long ago .
tr	I	Gavin grabbed my arm pulled and me toward the back of the plane .
tr	O	Several quick splashes near the boat were followed by a low , warning growl that seemed to flow over the swamp grass .
tr	I	I know it 's because they never wanted me to struggle like they did , but it could be little a oppressive at times .
tr	O	Maybe you could talk your boy into keeping his gun in his holster until I figure it out .
tr	O	Whether or not he does shouldn 't matter .
tr	I	Dunk was about to tell about Egg the men he 'd overhead when he noticed his face .
tr	I	We were right in the middle of the field , the vehicle 's providing headlights more than sufficient lighting .
tr	O	He raised his eyebrows and assumed a disinterested pose .
tr	O	He quickly looked towards the door when he saw Timmons enter the room .
tr	O	He dated some girl his sophomore and junior year until he blew out his knee .
tr	I	He made a move in her direction and suddenly out pulled a gun .
tr	I	It was like words the themselves were the key to open the gates to his pent up despair .
tr	O	As if life had in an instant retreated to some point far inside her , leaving the body to its automatic ruin .
tr	I	He didn 't to want pry or prod her to talk if she felt uncomfortable .
tr	O	My family still donates money .
tr	O	Was she really protecting me ?
tr	I	You me saved from my own destruction .
tr	I	Trevor was in the kitchen fixing when tea the doorbell rang .
tr	O	I will be teaching you theory this year . '
tr	O	Things I 've considered for a very long time .
tr	O	Part of Dormer 's shirt was burned away from where Marius had lifted him from the ground and lit him on fire .
tr	O	If Pirro didn 't have the stamina to keep up with his wife , it made sense that he 'd turn to Viagra or something like it .
tr	I	Gabriel raked a hand through his long black hair , his dark stricken eyes .
tr	O	I pulled into the small dirt lot and then I put my car in park .
tr	I	I pressed the buttons on my phone hoping he wasn in 't the bathroom .
tr	O	Please let me be part of this . '
tr	O	There were a few giggles in the crowd .
tr	O	Until then he would simply enjoy the undeniable pleasures of his various experiments .
tr	O	Please don 't shut me out .
tr	I	Instead of going through the door front , he went through the alley and came out the other end .
tr	I	Can you picture lit along pathways the water , with outside lounges ?
tr	O	Boniface leaned over and squeezed the DCI 's shoulder .
tr	O	She could drive as fast as she liked , as long as the wheels stayed on the road .
tr	O	It was only fifty or so feet high , but quite impassable to cavalry .
tr	I	There was crack another , then another , and suddenly the air was filled with flying debris .
tr	O	Right to his core .
tr	O	Being six foot four had its drawbacks sometimes .
tr	I	He felt her against nod his cheek .
tr	I	I miss you and Dad God and forbid , Pittsburgh .
tr	O	Eventually he stopped looking over his shoulder and his life resumed but on a different track .
tr	I	I began to shake my head , but I realized he probably couldn 't see much me of .
tr	O	Rebecca was fairly certain he didn 't mean what he 'd said as a sexual innuendo , but his words still brought visions of August 16th .
tr	I	Leah had a sudden image of attacking human a .
tr	O	I swear , I could hear the phone line sizzle .
tr	I	She felt weak and tired but mostly to glad see him , to know he was still here and sleeping beside her .
tr	I	My hand slid through his thick , hair unruly , brushing it back from his forehead and testing the rough , bristly texture between my fingertips .
tr	I	And this choice leads to my day wedding .
tr	I	Will walked beside me and gave I him a smile .
tr	O	She turned to Jonathan .
tr	I	He have could listened to her all night .
tr	I	Something about the way he says it sparkles in my mind and makes it hard stay to angry .
tr	O	It was all Allie 's fault .
tr	O	Most women would find his affluence a turn-on .
tr	I	Mr Brown started putting things back his into tool bag .
tr	I	I knew how use to the poison of the castor bean .
tr	I	She 'd worn her hair in pigtails today , and they whipped wildly around as she jumped and spun and did a wiggling dance victory .
tr	I	Let Annette herself talk into moving to Latimer Falls .
tr	I	She he knew was experiencing the same sense of certainty as she felt .
tr	I	Adrenaline was only the thing fueling her on .
tr	I	It was a situation terrible .
tr	O	Which is why he was leaving it .
tr	O	I can 't smile , but I nod .
tr	I	As she approached , she realised the rest being were ticked off big time .
tr	I	At moment that , it was the only thing I wanted to know .
tr	O	The only area that escaped incineration was the Victor 's Village .
tr	O	She lived on the hill atop the crest of the Norn Valley with an old man who was like a grandfather to her .
tr	O	There were other instructions to the Sheriff , but , unfortunately , they were never needed .
tr	O	He smiled as his eyes scanned up and down my body .
tr	I	They spent every moment together , often very close together , but the affection from week a ago was gone .
tr	I	His cleared head quickly .
tr	I	she asked as they inside stepped .
tr	I	Adam hung up softly so that it took Gansey a moment to realize the connection had ended .
tr	O	It was too much trouble .
tr	O	Like Charlotte , Beth had been born and raised in Yorkshire Falls .
tr	I	But , of most all , she didn 't trust doctors .
tr	I	And do not you fear the fierce vengeance my of arm wreaked on your miserable head ?
tr	O	' You 've been working hard all week , that 's all .
tr	O	She moved toward the nearest pasture , drawn by the scent of blood .
tr	O	He couldn 't wait to see the eyes of his travel companions when he would dish up this royal feast .
tr	O	Even if we somehow got through her pets , we had those soldiers to deal with too .
tr	O	His stomach was acting up and he suffered from diarrhea .
tr	O	I had only met her parents once when we all went out to lunch together .
tr	I	Valerie over looked at Kyle .
tr	I	My cry of pain was short cut as my head snapped back , cutting off the air through my windpipe .
tr	O	She turned from side to side , looking in every direction .
tr	I	He reminded me a of mad scientist .
tr	I	Arithmetic is not ape an 's forte .
tr	O	Limbs and branches broke across my face .
tr	O	Charles reached up and flipped the door all the way open and stepped back .
tr	O	You 're all skinny and pale .
tr	O	Sydney smiled but said nothing .
tr	O	There is no denying that he is theirs .
tr	I	I 'm to talking you .
tr	I	Seth squatted at the base the of tree .
tr	I	Soon , he was breathing steadily , stretched out on bed his , school clothes still on .
tr	I	Once it was within a hundred feet flicked he his fingers at the craft , sending it toppling end over end into the Nile .
tr	O	To divert their attention by bringing in another topic was a cheap and easy way out , but I wasn 't in any condition to be picky .
tr	I	Esme 's eyes in deepened agitation .
tr	I	He leaned close in .
tr	I	Maybe on taking some charitable work instead .
tr	I	I 'm taking the weapons , anything that could be of use to us ... or he that might use against us .
tr	O	' He 's making a statement at the moment .
tr	I	They walked out into corridor the .
tr	I	He knew who I was , he 'd seen what I 'd done , he and knew what I would do to him someday too .
tr	O	Bad behavior should be punished .
tr	O	He 'd be good at it .
tr	I	She 's three waited years .
tr	O	Edwin always stayed grounded in reality .
tr	O	I opened the built in wooden closet to put fresh newspaper on its floor when I noticed the wooden boards were loose .
tr	O	She should have known that Pate would be armed .
tr	I	To hide the waves of pain tore that through her .
tr	O	Our next performance is Tuesday at eight .
tr	O	I nodded at her and she smiled before turning away again .
tr	I	I 'm glad he walked out before I said word a .
tr	O	Handsome children to her credit .
tr	O	Sabin asked the question hesitantly .
tr	O	A fuckin ' big one .
tr	O	As he replaced the handset , Linda promised herself this would be the last time he 'd ever belt her .
tr	I	Can you imagine two without months a toothbrush ?
tr	O	They saw a creature flying high above them once or twice , but could not make out what it was .
tr	O	Jacob started at the sound , while Logan and I laughed at the spectacle .
tr	I	Nice and simple - couldn why 't the rest of my life be as simple as this ?
tr	O	His eyes warmed and his mouth curled up slightly at the sides .
tr	I	Gabe answered , his cracking knuckles .
tr	I	He 'd waited years two for this moment .
tr	O	He used his lighter to take a closer look at her .
tr	O	She taps her finger against her chin .
tr	I	Kit had little keeping trouble herself busy in Pendleton 's house during the week that followed .
tr	I	He almost could smell her .
tr	I	He snuggled into me , but never stopped watching twin his doing her very best to coax Callum into a full-on wrestling match .
tr	I	Or actually , chauffeuring your sisters while I pick up a things few myself .
tr	O	The trouble was , she had too much time on her hands .
tr	I	Ryland watched her face in mirror the .
tr	O	The first bat Nate tried felt too heavy .
tr	I	A lush green lawn hugged the drive and led up to the house , then sprawled for out acres in cheery abandon .
tr	O	Who did he really hunger for that he couldn 't have ?
tr	I	It seemed they had started just , she had just begun to lose herself in the pleasure when that incredible tension began to build in her hips .
tr	I	Edwin looked up and Maddy saw hovering above him , her little wings beating fast like a humming bird 's .
tr	I	They stood foot five tall with dark brown skin that had the appearance of soil .
tr	I	In the rest of the universe there need not be anything the but facts .
tr	O	James looked past Abby and stared out of the window .
tr	I	It was one thing to study someone another but to be caught doing it .
tr	I	An enormous , amazing creature , with a silver mane of hair that gleamed in the morning sunshine and nearly swept the shaking at ground its feet .
tr	I	It was the I most 'd ever opened up to any human except Cal ie .
tr	O	Forget the Hemisphere Air case .
tr	O	She is our mother .
tr	I	Sasha nodded , indicating the Post-Gazette website 's open on Naya 's desktop .
tr	O	And it 's not for lack of love for you , believe me .
tr	O	He leaned in , closing the last inches between our mouths .
tr	I	Smith knows about me , and apparently so does Morven this dude .
tr	I	He still 't can talk very clearly .
tr	I	Leo shook his head in wonderment and I was about to him tell more about Skylar when the doorbell rang .
tr	O	Liza shook her head , her gut and past dealings with her brother screaming a warning .
tr	I	For reason some I 'm embarrassed , because I think what Bobby did to me was partially my fault .
tr	O	A slight flush spread up his neck and across his cheeks before he turned his face away , and they rode again in silence .
tr	O	We thought about it some more .
tr	O	Betsy eased sideways to make room and then leaned against her .
tr	O	Still beautiful , but odd , given they were once a pretty hazel brown .
tr	O	Samuel Hartley 's voice echoed in her ballroom .
tr	O	The scientists exchanged glances , but then the oldest man nodded and smiled .
tr	O	Kat watched in silence as the man from the museum scurried through the swinging doors , leaving Hale and Garrett alone among the paint and the brushes .
tr	I	I go along her with .
tr	I	Unfortunately , he 's a limited bit in some respects .
tr	O	I heard more voices .
tr	O	We were talking about Comedy .
tr	I	His hands were gentle , his touch tender as he removed every of speck earth .
tr	O	They came again , this time four attacked but three came first and I blocked the first attack from my right , unbalancing him .
tr	I	If only Owen could have realized what precious a gift his children were .
tr	I	Against all his instincts , stepped he into the room , his sight blurred by tearing eyes .
tr	O	They depicted various views of the blast .
tr	I	Lauren was grateful the for few seconds to regain her composure .
tr	I	She 's guarded like the queen damn .
tr	O	From there I started writing a series of short stories about a group of kids who crash land on an alien planet .
tr	I	She twisted around to watch sail it overhead before it hurtled away , its noise receding , its size diminishing .
tr	O	I considered cuckolding him so he would cast me aside .
tr	I	I felt my face heat up as closed I my eyes .
tr	I	Silver and other the two men crouched on the ground around it as Mr Wright advanced forward .
tr	I	I didn 't see Buck for a week , but when weekend the rolled around he stopped by the farm .
tr	O	His golden hair brushed against his shoulders in a loose style that said he was attentive to his appearance , but not obsessive about it .
tr	I	He would have to had kill me before he succeeded in raping me .
tr	O	As I pull out onto the street , I resist the urge to glance in my rear view mirror .
tr	O	He banked left and held the spear out to his right .
tr	O	She had to keep herself from rushing into his arms for a comforting hug .
tr	O	The second grenade soared through the open window and what was left of the shuttle hit the ground so hard I 'd swear I felt it .
tr	I	And when he was , was he always distracted .
tr	I	As I open my eyes , they Jonathan meet 's .
tr	O	We saw hundreds of workers building scaffolds and moving blocks of stone .
tr	O	As I slowly removed myself from the toilet , I reached inside the shower , turned on the water , and stepped inside .
tr	I	Clouds over seas ; glimpses and of land .
tr	O	Instead , I took my elbow and threw it back to push myself away from whoever was behind me .
tr	I	The owner of this particular ceiling was nowhere be to seen ; neither on the bed nor in the room .
tr	O	The balance of the world hinged upon it .
tr	I	He had a mind quick when it came to mechanical detail , and he 'd already formed a mental picture .
tr	I	Ashe his lifted hand in silent reply .
tr	I	More that on later .
tr	I	I was in a crowd of the children , mingled the with men , my hand in Joseph 's hand .
tr	I	Her eyes in widened shock .
tr	I	She had personal a connection , too .
tr	I	I looked up Jared to 's little brother .
tr	I	Bay smiled in imitation of his as father he acknowledged her .
tr	O	* He could picture his grandfather pushing himself up and swinging his legs over the side of the bed .
tr	O	Earl looked suddenly distracted .
tr	I	Would you continue working as minster a somewhere ?
tr	O	He was glad , it was good food , from what he could remember , he just didn 't know it had gotten so popular that quickly .
tr	O	Children of divorced parents are four times more likely to divorce , so the numbers will skyrocket .
tr	O	Willie , who carried no weapon , was not concerned .
tr	I	Everyone was concerned about what happen could next .
tr	O	He was telling me to wake up , but I couldn 't .
tr	O	Anyway , it was certain he wouldn 't agree to being put to sleep for at least ten days .
tr	I	Ah , the Queen Heaven of she 'd seemed , as she had once so loved to be known , presiding over centuries of litany .
tr	I	Her glass was still nearly full , so he didn 't offer to top off her .
tr	I	She 'd always been by embarrassed the idea of sex but Drake didn 't allow any sort of embarrassment .
tr	I	Chapter I 31 don 't fall asleep .
tr	O	It hurt my heart to see her sad , so I gave her a quick hug .
tr	I	I accepted the coffee and invited Chad all the way into cubicle my .
tr	I	He an wears Armani smile .
tr	O	It was funny finally seeing Chase 's only after we 'd gotten to know each other so well .
tr	O	Tequila shuffled over and got out a small pack of travel wipes .
tr	O	Jake was beginning to wish this guy didn 't bother finishing expressing his thoughts .
tr	O	A man who 's about to receive an attitude adjustment like no other .
tr	I	I saw one under my far bookshelf out of his vision .
tr	O	Her eyes were like emeralds , glittering , and her lips curled into a welcoming smile .
tr	O	Meaning a storm was approaching , but the strange little lady kept running through her mind .
tr	O	With nervous hands she tore the top of the envelope open and lifted the many pages out .
tr	O	Withdrawing to my second line of defence , I surrender to your simulated wrath .
tr	I	He 'd only three reached before he heard her sharp intake of breath .
tr	I	It uh 's ... it 's in my purse .
tr	I	But my mind was Henri on .
tr	O	His family was dirt poor but he was always determined to make a success out of his own life and turn things around .
tr	O	God , I 'd missed him so much .
tr	I	The next thing he pulled out was bag a of Hershey 's kisses .
tr	I	I lived through all it .
tr	O	He might be the only unbiased one left to tell it to him straight .
tr	O	She had no idea he would be so excited for the opportunity to further his education .
tr	O	Her one hope of finding something real and familiar had been shattered .
tr	O	We devoured the entire box of crackers and most of the cheese .
tr	I	Daniel didn 't want anyone know to .
tr	I	Renton and left Roberts .
tr	O	He lay passive as Gabriel took to the air with him .
tr	I	Fire spurted from capacitors the .
tr	I	Riley was eating again , the dealt conversation with to her satisfaction .
tr	O	Keeping his head low , he walked toward the main street , looking for one of the larger taverns .
tr	I	Just then the door wide opened .
tr	I	Somewhere , was someone having fun ... without us .
tr	I	Was it lips his I kissed ?
tr	I	Five squads were still inside and now lieutenant the from the ship .
tr	O	Beijing was a total black-out , but Nanjing , where they were , and Shanghai looked normal .
tr	I	None of was this important to Leslie .
tr	O	In an instant , the man 's head snapped round and stared straight at Paul 's peephole , his neck extended , head protruding forward .
tr	I	We came to the edge of field the .
tr	O	It didn 't improve anyone 's mood though .
tr	I	I had to say what I needed to and say had to say it right .
tr	I	She eyes me over as she back leans in the sofa .
tr	O	It was a closed set , and only the most essential members of the cast and crew would be there .
tr	O	She could only hope she hadn 't told Lena everything .
tr	O	She laughed at my reaction .
tr	O	I did the same .
tr	I	Maybe that he was hit yelled or at , but not this brutal revelation .
tr	O	There is always cause to strive for something better , to improve ourselves each day .
tr	I	Anna Anderson played her role so well that even a lot of the Romanovs swore under she oath was Anastasia .
tr	I	She stood with her arms crossed over heaving her chest , tears streaming down her face .
tr	I	I wasn 't beginning to think Taylor like .
tr	I	The few sentences she heard her shocked .
tr	I	True , most it of was rusted or rotting .
tr	I	It 's something he never could have imagined -- her being outside active and .
tr	I	I would walk in sunshine and in darkness ; I would suffer ; I would hunger ; I know would pain .
tr	O	' Even if I do what you ask , there may be no real evidence , apart from what Mr Perrin says .
tr	O	Arnie knew better than to think about that .
tr	O	And when his eyes met hers , he knew .
tr	I	Slowly , I open door the and slip out of the stall without saying a word .
tr	O	You don 't have to be a rabbit to know something terrible is coming .
tr	O	Amy took her shoes off and sitting on the dinghy 's inflatable wall hooked her feet under the boat 's parallel wall .
tr	I	Plus you this have quiet charm .
tr	O	In a way , that made me even more uncomfortable .
tr	I	' Can 't stop , can 't stop , ' Jacob apologised , thinking he would just have to explain reason the for his rudeness later .
tr	I	Professional figures are often a considered part of the furniture .
tr	O	The children could be anywhere , how are we ever going to find them in time ?
tr	I	My is back pressed into the thermostat and my skirt barely covers the top of my thighs .
tr	I	This time , they lined like up they thought Zeek was a bigger threat than Fabian .
tr	I	It made it easier to the play role of the guy who had all the answers .
tr	I	It was an unassuming low rail fence by followed a square pool .
tr	O	Sam was feeling an unpleasant sense of déjà vu .
tr	O	This was why he didn 't understand the deep sense of foreboding that was oozing down the trail .
tr	O	The wizards said that the University had never paid taxes to the civil authority .
tr	I	Then she was watching the usual series on TV with her family , her phone was to next her , on the sofa .
tr	O	Eve kept staring at the doorway .
tr	I	He wanted her to be attracted to him because of who he was as a man instead of who was he as a ruler .
tr	O	They would have to follow a lot of rules , write a lot of notes .
tr	I	It was who he needed to jump .
tr	O	Stephen closed and file and threw it on the floor .
tr	I	She nodded and yawned , brushing the fog back from her eyes with the backs her of hands .
tr	I	You may decide to whether keep it or sell it .
tr	I	All she could feel was him , surrounding her , making the desire that she felt for him grow stronger ever .
tr	I	Oh , she pretty was .
tr	I	His heart swelled with joy primal .
tr	I	She cocks her head to side the .
tr	O	For intruders who are vampires .
tr	O	So I paced more .
tr	O	Gabe saw it too .
tr	O	She turned her attention to her right .
tr	O	Then came the second .
tr	I	Reaching the mouth of the river he disappeared some through bushes .
tr	O	No , not possible .
tr	I	The powerful wrenching of metal on metal continued without pause , throwing from Norman one side to the other .
tr	O	What was I - Yes , it 's the right thing .
tr	O	She tilted her head to the side and I saw Pris standing in the corner .
tr	I	Was watching anyone them ?
tr	O	He needed to contact the leaders of his race , the people that he reported to .
tr	O	Then his hand found a rough branch and he pulled his head to the surface .
tr	O	What exactly was causing all those movements ?
tr	O	It didn 't seem real and I wasn 't sure I was making the right decision .
tr	I	Jase huffed , and heard I the drawer in his nightstand close , his shadow coming over my face a second later .
tr	I	At least she to promised run with him again .
tr	O	The things I said .
tr	O	There may come a time when we will have to , but - ?
tr	O	Once the plane stabilized , I relaxed .
tr	O	She felt heat first and thought it was quite rude of him to burn her without permission .
tr	I	Combined with the filthy skin I 'd arrived at the hospital with , my best was guess that I 'd been held deep in the woods .
tr	O	Whoever is the first to go is really the test case for everyone else .
tr	I	But the bees work on , coming going and ... busy as bees .
tr	O	It would probably look better .
tr	I	The pain and suffering of the state criminal he ruled accounted for an untold amount of human misery .
tr	I	It might be to time try a bit more cajoling .
tr	I	He returned in than less ten minutes holding a sack .
tr	I	The body stirred , it sat up big murky eyes at glaring us .
tr	I	Upon a reaching required speed the foliage at the top of the oak descended and rose again in an instant .
tr	O	The light around them leaped even higher .
tr	I	I also you want to know that I do not doubt a single word you have told us .
tr	O	Chives turned to Bill and they came to a silent decision .
tr	I	I grabbed his hand and pulled him toward front the door .
tr	I	Remembered Wyatt shoving needles in his arm and his draining blood .
tr	I	Savannah moved toward the door with Rocco following at heels her , his giant tongue flapping .
tr	O	I began to wonder if I kept it up , if Alita 's head would pop off her shoulders like a cork out of a Champaign bottle .
tr	O	She wrote the number down on a sticky and handed it over .
tr	I	He was on a quest to woo Veronica a from student Spain .
tr	I	He grabs me in a huge hug bear , rocking me from side to side , ignoring the stench , he speaks softly into my ear .
tr	I	Tell you I don want 't ... this .
tr	I	Given his good looks charm and , I could believe it .
tr	O	A crowd of people sat in the corner .
tr	I	My numbered days now two have purposes .
tr	I	I keep my eyes shut because the distress in his voice and the tenderness in touch his is making my head spin .
tr	I	The picture at the point of the eastern looked gate familiar .
tr	I	I never 'd trust that monster again .
tr	I	Don 't ask why me .
tr	I	When it became clear that I wasn 't playing along , he nodded toward the other man the at desk .
tr	I	I will give you passage Tir to Na Nog , but you 'll say nothing of how I let you into Winter .
tr	I	Given Trevor 's of love outdoor sports and his level of activity , it shouldn 't have surprised her that he had an amazing physique .
tr	O	There 's no guarantee you can protect yourself a hundred percent , because bullets don 't give a damn who they kill .
tr	I	* alarms The rang and rang and rang through the day .
tr	O	We 're going on a quest , you know ?
tr	O	Her fingers flew across the screen , causing the light glittering off the large diamond ring to hit Lauren square in the eye .
tr	I	Lukas raised his eyebrows and stood follow to her .
tr	O	He saw Sidney 's gaze slide along the mountains as deep crevices furrowed her tiny forehead .
tr	O	The Vampire tightens his grip on the bag , which is slung over one of his shoulders , and nods once at Mr. Duke .
tr	I	The woman wasn 't trained in the art fine of lying .
tr	I	It never occurred me to to try to go into the house .
tr	O	Now I was staring the truth in the face .
tr	O	Your mother gave me some letters long ago .
tr	I	But he when reached the marina , he didn 't take any chances .
tr	I	Using his tail , he me had on my butt and was on me .
tr	I	He turned away Lucky from and stared at me .
tr	O	What did she mean for his sister ?
tr	O	Hopefully it would establish a trail of incriminating evidence .
tr	I	Then it began to hot get .
tr	O	There was a streak of white in her hair now , running back from above her right eye , but she was still beautiful .
tr	O	He looked around and realized he had no idea where they were and said as much .
tr	I	I didn 't think 'd she understand so I just said yes and casually patted my purse .
tr	I	We all fancied ourselves as significant on nodes the underground network .
tr	I	My hand slides down between us below and his waistband .
tr	I	All that the world had taken away from him was given being back .
tr	I	Soon they would distribute the booty , and by nightfall each man amongst them be would rich .
tr	O	It was bare bones .
tr	I	That could we end up having what Ella and Micha have .
tr	O	Next he selected a hat from the pile , twining his long dark hair into a knot and placing a Disney ball cap over it .
tr	O	Adonis stared at our intertwined fingers .
tr	I	You might could a get room there .
tr	O	I saw you crying over two dead bodies didn 't exactly make for great romantic talk .
tr	O	She raised her left arm and shook her wrist .
tr	O	But when it does , I don 't think it will be able to hide . '
tr	I	They looked like they were almost glowing in blackness the of the night .
tr	O	' Cheers and all but I don 't think I could fancy her knowing you 've already had her . '
tr	O	And then , one minute - poof !
tr	O	The hunters were pinned down .
tr	O	As he was rebooting the computer , Evan walked into the room .
tr	I	Fergus left room the , Gass followed .
tr	I	They just knew was there a clue , and so they ran faster .
tr	I	Frustration takes over the she anger was once displaying .
tr	O	He just hadn 't been able to break out of the mess he 'd created .
tr	O	Being a perceptive child , Brice left the room .
tr	O	The sheet caught between their bodies .
tr	O	She shivered when the wind howled over her , picking up the ends of her shawl and pulling as if trying to upset her balance .
tr	O	Simon looked away , flushed with embarrassment .
tr	O	He was so glad to be home .
tr	O	Eddie scoots out of the booth with her hand still over her mouth and she makes a mad dash for the bathroom .
tr	O	Distracted by her memories , Beth hadn 't noticed that Logan had reached the porch .
tr	O	She was so happy and cheerful .
tr	I	They learned survive to despite the death surrounding them when the first settlements had appeared in the mountains of Tennessee .
tr	I	Where 's lakes the ?
tr	O	Everyone had to be quiet .
tr	O	On the top of the bench was the beginning of a 3D drawing depicting a deep crack in the earth .
tr	I	Hart broke his gaze from Ian 's and it flicked to Ainsley .
tr	O	Patch rubbed his jaw , clearly unhappy , thinking deeply .
tr	I	Brice hated the elegance of his clothes , the sensuality of his mouth , inhuman the look of his eyes .
tr	I	Mad Rogan looked at me , eyes his clear and hard .
tr	I	I took a manila envelope Diggs from ' hands .
tr	I	He was to about ascend to the surface when this incident occurred .
tr	I	She did as he asked , gasped as cold the air tightened and puckered her nipple with pleasure .
tr	O	She nodded back in greeting , which caused Roberto to frown , looking at his second in command with a stern gaze .
tr	O	And he knows it .
tr	O	Which is probably why vampires are so rare , and so careful in revealing themselves to you mortals . '
tr	O	You 're shitting your pants .
tr	I	Someone was her braiding hair .
tr	I	From experience realized I she 'd deny it .
tr	O	He 'd been standing near the window , occasionally looking out the drawn curtains .
tr	O	Jane wouldn 't be suspicious , and he 'd be able to watch her and monitor the company .
tr	I	She had converted most of their living space to a multilevel hydroponics garden , and grew she mushrooms under their rooms .
tr	I	I can 't decide if I 'm losing my senses or that your body isn 't responding y normal because of Bean .
tr	O	She tried to think of a tactful way to mention either or both of these points to Vivian .
tr	O	My thumb stroked back and forth along her cheek bone , and she nodded apprehensively .
tr	O	Jacques closed his eyes , a fine sheen of sweat coating his skin at the thought of the darkness he would endure .
tr	I	She mumbled and turned Gia toward .
tr	O	First she had to make sure the message was what she thought it was .
tr	I	Beyond the security checkpoint , the facility is not dingy as as it was before .
tr	I	retorted Pierce swallowing after a mouthful of whiskey .
tr	I	Though they were fighting with both skill and bravery were they clearly outnumbered .
tr	I	He 's done tremendous some work for us ; removing dissidents , eliminating threats to my Administration , and so on .
tr	O	I had no money , no friends , no car .
tr	I	He on knocked the door .
tr	O	Then he threw in the coup de grace .
tr	I	He said meat spoiled is like poison .
tr	O	I was exceedingly pleased with my reflection for the first time in , well , I didn 't even know when .
tr	I	The vampire turned and headed back into the main camp round to up her forces .
tr	I	Jonas down stared at her fingers , fascinated .
tr	I	I shook my head and began brush to through my hair with the hairbrush .
tr	I	Catalina me surprised as she tried to start conversation .
tr	O	She figured she 'd wear her classic black stilettos .
tr	I	In normal practice she was never terribly proud of the fact that she tended to draw stares from in people towns and cities .
tr	I	His curved mouth in a smile that stole her breath .
tr	I	In thick her leather dress , the girl smiled a relieved smile and rubbed her hands against her bare arms .
tr	I	About as as much everyone else at the shelter , she decided .
tr	O	There was a sign over the desk with three flight numbers , all delayed .
tr	I	Something more than sex , more even than an healing emotional .
tr	I	She couldn even 't dream of it in 12 .
tr	I	The thought sobered him slightly up .
tr	I	Her dad , in the end , had hurt Ruby deeply ; it was the sort thing of she had no idea how to over come .
tr	O	He 'd grown up here , but his childhood memories weren 't the best .
tr	O	Her tight channel squeezed him as he pushed deeper inside her .
tr	O	The insurance company retracted the settlement and Rick was left with nothing .
tr	I	She just 't couldn .
tr	O	My eyes flash open and I stand up , pushing dripping branches out of my face .
tr	I	Grace asked as Teddy the older woman disappeared around the corner .
tr	O	He reached for the ignition ; the engine grunted and strained but wouldn 't turn over .
tr	O	Charlie puffed out his cheeks .
tr	I	They 'd never made it the to bed .
tr	O	Watching her make out with Trey .
tr	I	She watched as one disoriented customers , a jumpy middle-aged man , pulled a revolver small from his back pocket and walked by .
tr	O	- Jamey Wow you remember that ?
tr	I	Lorraine didn understand 't what either of them had said .
tr	O	I get some dead shithead every other week , because this is a town full of money .
tr	I	Would the Alessia had he discovered and grown to love be no more ?
tr	O	It wasn 't nearly long enough to make herself decent .
tr	O	Foals frolicked while their dams attended to the business of grazing .
tr	I	She wiped tears more from her face .
tr	I	He stalked his prey in silence ; he didn 't to want know his victims .
tr	I	He raised confused to eyes her .
tr	O	I mean , he admits he got it wrong the last time .
tr	O	This house must be huge !
tr	O	Sometime in the middle of the night we both found ourselves awake .
tr	I	As if he her sensed thoughts , Shaykh Saif 's smile faded .
tr	O	So , who are we looking at here ?
tr	O	She knew the truth , now .
tr	I	I think can I .
tr	I	While not as famous as its brother agency dealing with intelligence , Mossad , it just was as effectively trained .
tr	O	I didn 't mind .
tr	I	I hated the idea of turning down unknown an street to find myself in some dark side alley .
tr	O	When he opened them again , he started to speak in a low , strained voice .
tr	I	This was probably to be expected considering my father 's zealous respect for Christian the religion and the behaviour this prescribed .
tr	O	Every night , Jenny happily described her school work to her father .
tr	I	And 's it a lot roomier on Hermes without you .
tr	O	It was a look that made Jay shudder in exquisite anticipation .
tr	O	The tactical visor superimposed the thermal image of the sleeping form into his field of vision .
tr	O	If she was quick , she could get out without anyone noticing .
tr	I	He knew what had he to do .
tr	O	Kate glared at Slade , but his delighted grin told her he was having too much fun .
tr	O	You 're not the man you used to be .
tr	I	She unzipped the bag in one sweeping movement , and then slipped it carefully the off hanger .
tr	I	Michaels left the laboratory with a feeling satisfaction of .
tr	O	Ann and Elizabeth gasped in unison .
tr	O	He sat behind the wheel of his car , listening to the rubber of his wipers scraping against the mostly dry windshield .
tr	I	While Trisha was on break popped I the till open and thumbed through the credit card receipts until I found it .
tr	O	But it hadn 't taken him long to learn .
tr	O	In fact she envied Jake for telling them to take a hike .
tr	O	Who could have foreseen the changes in Pandora , the changes in Flattery then ?
tr	O	Except that Dunstan Manchester is nothing like my father was .
tr	I	Simon took second a to swallow .
tr	O	Shock and fury became a toxic poison in his blood .
tr	O	-- the man was shocked .
tr	O	Rebecca 's gaze followed his .
tr	O	Her green eyes narrowed .
tr	I	I took off running , tearing through the woods and ripping out into sand the .
tr	O	She peered over his shoulder .
tr	I	There are small differences like the incense , use icons of instead of statues , and , more significant , the absence of purgatory .
tr	O	The mouth of the cave filtered light in from the full moon outside and I could see him there , Liam .
tr	O	The pain was brief , a prick that she almost didn 't even feel , but then he was pulling her closer .
tr	I	' Only I noticed you didn 't go out with any of the squads , ' Peaches said .
tr	O	His smile spreads into his eyes and warms my heart .
tr	O	He looked up at everyone as he revealed to us what looked like black ash in a small bag .
tr	O	The lump at the end of the tablecloth made a short , hard circlet in the air , held firmly in its pocket by centripetal force .
tr	O	Why would my mom have a dagger , much less hide it ?
tr	I	Until one fateful day ... With all gathered to their hear Sire speak , God rose and addressed his Angels .
tr	I	You can the get time off .
tr	I	Some guys beat up themselves for that , but my first Little League coach made sure I knew that baseball wasn 't about being perfect .
tr	O	The fire blazed for a moment and lit up the circle of people around it .
tr	O	He 'd asked me time and time again to stop prying where my nose didn 't belong .
tr	O	I think you 'll like it .
tr	O	She stood up and I thought she was going to stomp out the door , but her expression quickly turned apologetic .
tr	I	That pay could for all four years of college .
tr	I	Right into bastard the 's heart .
tr	I	I hurry for the door burst and outside .
tr	O	It did appear to be a routine .
tr	I	She smiled at him when he grabbed a piece of carrot and popped it his into mouth .
tr	I	She 't didn cry .
tr	O	Just over ten years ago , an alliance was formed between the top five Alzheimer 's research centers in the world .
tr	I	I felt a mix of anticipation excitement and from the members of the coven as they stared at me .
tr	I	People with money and without those .
tr	O	Then he looked at Mem .
tr	O	I smiled harder at his changed tone , knowing I 'd won .
tr	I	After a quick glance the at figures she determined her young son was right as usual .
tr	I	It was son his 's .
tr	O	There 's only the one way to get to the dining hall .
tr	I	When had let she her guard down enough to stop being suspicious of everyone around her ?
tr	I	She licked the skin in between her thumb and forefinger and her held hand out to him .
tr	I	It 's just ... doesn she 't look good .
tr	O	As dark and brooding ?
tr	I	Jen had stopped the in same clearing she had been in last night .
tr	O	However , she could see the muscle throb in his jaw and the rest of his body ready for action .
tr	O	The old man indicated that this was maybe the definition of a hero .
tr	I	~ On my usual daily visit with Alexa , I came to a room pain of and tears .
tr	O	A gold key clicks in a dark lock and a door swings open .
tr	I	He puffed his on cigar a couple of times .
tr	O	No one had seen her come in here last night and collapse on the couch .
tr	O	Of course , she wanted to be with Grayson , too .
tr	O	I elected to stay in the stand a while longer , especially when shooting broke out down in the valley .
tr	O	The last flash of the bottom of her sneakers as she crashed through the thick green branches to refuge .
tr	O	They are messy , they are demanding , and they are exhausting .
tr	O	There is no redemption for me .
tr	I	She pushed through the branches , feeling Jude 's warmth her behind as she stepped into an open field .
tr	O	And after eight years , why had he chosen now to run ?
tr	O	All eight apartments , of course , have the same layout , with the east apartments mirroring the west .
tr	O	It was not that he was indifferent to the pulsing danger in the air .
tr	O	Her reaction to him was something she 'd never come close to feeling with Jeff .
tr	I	He obviously hadn been 't expecting company .
tr	O	It 's going to snow a lot today , she said .
tr	I	But there a was reason her alarm had gone off .
tr	I	The last bit is the truth because I returned just the latest book by Maureen Johnson but that wasn 't the main reason I came here today .
tr	O	I 'm cornered , his tall figure trapping me .
tr	I	She had just delivered Byron a as suspect to her handsome policeman .
tr	O	Coughing and wheezing , I picked up Michael 's still form as best I could and leapt off the train .
tr	O	Chapter 11 : Black Deeds Wolf Eyes awoke with an eerie feeling .
tr	I	He scrambled toward the remaining and two ended their suffering .
tr	O	And you knew I would never agree to this .
tr	O	We all understand loss and gain in the same , very primal way .
tr	O	His arms closed around her , holding her to him as if he would never let her go .
tr	I	-------------------- Sarah Schwartz was an seventeen attractive year old brunette .
tr	O	You and Chloe need to ditch your phones , computers , credit cards and anything else of an electronic nature .
tr	I	I turned my head to see Matt Tony and standing there , whispering stuff into each other 's ears and giving us the stare down .
tr	O	Ted stood up , grimacing at both his knees and the boilers .
tr	O	I could act , and the theatres cried out for me .
tr	O	But she 's still hundreds of years older than me , and I 've barely seen what she 's capable of .
tr	O	We are very scared now because it is possible that Harry 's body will be found and I will be arrested .
tr	O	Something gleamed in her palm .
tr	I	To call it simply a library would be a injustice grave .
tr	I	He was doing this her for .
tr	I	Tate drifted closer , keeping a discreet distance but no making effort to hide her interest .
tr	O	If my words could be misconstrued by Paul , a touch would no doubt as well .
tr	I	He instantly was alert .
tr	O	Nina looked at her .
tr	O	Now you go on .
tr	I	A showerhead was to mounted the side of the outhouse .
tr	O	He also knows the last two years have been especially hard , and he 's really helped pull me through it .
tr	I	On my own , I opted for a weapons class training too .
tr	I	Half way down Madeline Street she regretted driving not her sister 's Jeep .
tr	O	He tasted of restless passion .
tr	I	She had been around gazing at the converging lines , colors and light , counting the floors they had passed , but then the platform stopped .
tr	I	Charlie declared and then blew a out stream of smoke .
tr	I	The came night quickly and I decided at the last minute to do some sneaking without Lace this time .
tr	O	Young Keller knew that he was soon going to join the pantheon of the great players .
tr	O	I shrugged him off .
tr	I	The silent Winthrop house was just what I needed after the unexpected and aggravating presence of Cliff Eggers at Carrie office 's .
tr	O	The voice sounded weak .
tr	O	She shakes her head .
tr	I	Norris covered the microphone on the bench and forward leaned .
tr	O	No use unpacking because I just can 't stay in one place .
tr	I	She 'd underestimated how difficult it would be having him in her house all night and again in the morning when got she up .
tr	O	Cheese , meat -- actual meat , not dried -- fish , a sugary confection , a white foamy drink .
tr	I	She began to kiss him passionately and responded he right away .
tr	I	My explore fingers his skin , reveling in the heat of it until I reach the waistband of his jeans .
tr	O	I lay in bed staring up at the ceiling wondering what I would do after quitting the job .
tr	O	James came round to help Jane out of the car .
tr	I	The loomed clouds overhead , threatening to drench us at any given moment .
tr	I	Her was stomach weighed down with knots that made her feel sick .
tr	O	She gets her purse , and we disembark the plane .
tr	I	Normally he 'd been have long gone by now .
tr	O	It was strange that I had not sensed Paul inside here with me .
tr	O	His anger loosened his tongue .
tr	I	I just his hoped scent wouldn 't drift to the ground .
tr	I	He 't wasn quiet enough , and the words carried .
tr	O	It 's hard for a kid to hear such bad things about their father .
tr	O	The tinted goggles allowed him to stare into the full face of the eclipse without fear of being blinded .
tr	I	From his own point of view , his treatment of his captive had been chivalrous downright !
tr	I	He stood there a moment , looking at her , his face filled anguish with .
tr	I	On yacht the Spyder was leaning over the stern .
tr	I	It felt just ... right .
tr	I	They studied every issue hard long and .
tr	O	We left the car there and exited the garage onto 11th Street , turning left toward Pennsylvania Avenue .
tr	O	But how long would such arrogance last ?
tr	I	But was truth he really could use help .
tr	I	The was girl perfection personified .
tr	I	The maid knocked on her door , Yvette but ignored it .
tr	O	Jake wondered how long Amy would be able to resist the urge to report an illegal trade that had happened right in front of her .
tr	I	She couldn 't move in position this .
tr	O	He quietly lifted up the man 's shirt again and watched in dismay as blood continued to seep far too generously from the wound .
tr	O	What if he doesn 't believe me ?
tr	O	Rahm lifted his blade to strike .
tr	O	It could be dangerous .
tr	I	I want to retort an with insult , but my lips feel weighted , sealed together .
tr	O	He paced the den before turning back to stare at Jason .
tr	I	I would re-print my manuscript after I had given it an apt ending , tweaking what I had previously penned .
tr	O	It was all downhill from there .
tr	O	Everyone erupted as gossip spread amongst the students .
tr	O	He didn 't have to because the look in his eyes said it all .
tr	O	But I can tell you this .
tr	O	It 's because you think she 's hot , isn 't it ?
tr	O	Confidence was a quality she held in high esteem .
tr	O	When I stayed with her while things with Bax were all over the place , I got the vibe that she 's running the house .
tr	I	I freaking was out .
tr	O	She was safe and so was Josh .
tr	I	The things that happened to Lee Matt and wouldn 't change them forever , just for a little while .
tr	O	Just then someone knocked on the closet door .
tr	O	These support the bell as well as a small side platform for the bell ringer to climb upon to do his task .
tr	O	A jagged piece of metal protruded from the ground inches from my left eye .
tr	O	Still , there was no rule that said she couldn 't enjoy it while it lasted .
tr	I	I about traveled 30 miles south to exit 50 .
tr	I	He dropped back to the thin pillow , head again spinning .
tr	I	I 'd seen it when I returned , when I ran her down and unleashed my on anger her in the middle of my parent 's street .
tr	O	The plant referred to , as known by anyone around here , was Aubrey Electricals , one of the town 's larger employers .
tr	I	We could head north east avoid and the hurricanes , ... but only just .
tr	I	An M-16 slung over shoulder his .
tr	O	Fear so overpowering , so pungent she could smell it on her skin crawled through her , its icy claws sinking into her spine .
tr	I	It was the one time of year I 'd always had him , a presence silent lingering at the edge of the woods .
tr	O	She found it hotly erotic to be sitting in a movie theater in the dark with her blouse open and her breasts aching and swollen with need .
tr	I	The Navarre will complement pigeon the beautifully .
tr	I	I bite my lip and turns Dante to me .
tr	I	Kieron born was with neurological abnormalities .
tr	I	I wanted give to in to my anger .
tr	O	He came out to assist Sarah and Rose out of the carriage .
tr	O	Emily seemed to look through him .
tr	O	There 's only a short straight after that big 'S ' bend .
tr	O	And then your friend the Doctor signed the autopsy report to say his bruises had been caused in the car wreck . '
tr	I	They finished eating , and David insisted on doing the dishes after Ellie parking on the couch in front of the fire .
tr	I	Somewhere in the back of her mind she 'd wondered if her sister had delayed returning purpose on , to keep her from leaving .
tr	I	She then heads into girls the bathroom and I follow behind .
tr	O	It felt good to stretch .
tr	I	Sentinels came into the gymnasium , but their goggles and hoods were pulled back , they had solid black eyes and their skin deathly was sallow .
tr	I	He like felt he might throw up again .
tr	I	Simon wasn 't a Helen stray could keep .
tr	O	The finger never got the chance to click its fictitious trigger as a chair scooped him up before he was ready .
tr	I	Byron knew he was late too .
tr	I	But I statue sit still .
tr	I	What this was woman getting at ?
tr	I	He returned his focus her to feet , safer territory .
tr	O	I collapsed once more against his bare chest and sighed .
tr	O	She stopped staring at his lips and found him staring at her .
tr	O	For many days and nights the wagon bearing the strange fellowship moved over the Greenland 's of Gorn .
tr	O	It appears Artemis also has an interest in ending this expedition .
tr	O	The balance on my bank account went beyond embarrassing .
tr	I	Mrs. McSweeney looked at me from the top of the telephone pole , having obvious doubts about the ladder and 's my reliability .
tr	I	Big Vein and Kitty paid neither of them any mind , their denied suffering thanks to a previous , imprisoned moment .
tr	O	He 's not a vampire and I 'm not in any danger .
tr	O	She bore no blame for the sins of her husband and his kin .
tr	O	They weren 't joined yet , but she was beside him , giving him the precious gift of color and emotion .
tr	O	A tattoo that was unmistakably the mark of his bonding .
tr	I	Middle of day the was good .
tr	O	As he held me , kissed me so deep I tasted nothing but him , the rest turned beautiful .
tr	I	He wouldn 't there walk anymore .
tr	O	During one interview , Wells was asked if he had plans yet to eventually wrap and end the series .
tr	I	trembled on my lips , but I didn 't say it out loud because I very knew well that he would .
tr	O	The end to my happiness .
tr	O	How could he express the thrill of death to her ?
tr	I	They 're in and the around house .
tr	O	Everything is real and it 's hard to keep up .
tr	I	She was giving them both opportunity the to drop the subject .
tr	I	The experience was bone jarring , especially considering the of lack shocks .
tr	I	As pushed Alec his rarely used key into the lock of his front door , his head turned to follow the direction of his mother 's finger .
tr	O	I push on one side until I can step through .
tr	O	Good thing I had Arthur make a fire .
tr	O	I filled my glass to the brim and brought it to my lips .
tr	O	They churned crazily , drawing me in .
tr	O	I ran out from between his knees , avoiding blood , vomit and wedding tackle but not his swift hand .
tr	O	I got the IRS on my back .
tr	I	He really a needed drink .
tr	I	She heard the man growl pain in .
tr	O	She pushed his hands from her face .
tr	I	You know my client may not be willing to wait this past week .
tr	I	It was named after the big , friendly , fish shaped animals that sometimes were seen out in the ocean .
tr	O	After listening to the same song four times in a row , Peter leaned forward and jabbed at the stop button .
tr	O	Slowly , the image filled in .
tr	I	The rumor mill had really churning started out .
tr	I	It 's barely horse a .
tr	I	Jonas first 's thought was that his boss lady had a midnight swimming rendezvous with a man .
tr	O	Ending the bastard in the process .
tr	I	Except it was too much big .
tr	O	I was in so much trouble .
tr	I	He had killed never a man , never even fired a shot outside the range .
tr	I	The Dream Syndicate 's mission apparently was , all after , to destroy the Dark once and for all .
tr	I	It me makes wish I had a voice even more .
tr	I	And he then turned up the volume as he screamed ... for himself .
tr	O	His hand went to his hair and tore through it before he continued speaking .
tr	O	Josh frowned and pulled his eyebrows together , then parted his lips .
tr	I	Being in the darkness didn 't her bother .
tr	I	And that 's precisely happened what .
tr	O	He moved away from her friends .
tr	I	I felt bruised and to unable breathe .
tr	I	She didn 't him hate ; she didn 't hate anybody .
tr	O	He couldn 't quite put his finger on it .
tr	O	Shaking a little bit from Kol startling him Hagar looks sheepishly from Kol to Bjorn whose back is still to them walking silently .
tr	O	asked Sibyl in a voice that shook with a mere hint of fear .
tr	I	He smiled , evident pride in his expression .
tr	I	Too bad , he 'd been too stupid to say before it now .
tr	O	Yet there was one question she wanted answered and it spilled out in a wild rush .
tr	O	Unfortunately , Edmond is most definitely the latter one .
tr	I	He his shook head .
tr	I	Only when he 'd disengaged did he settle her carefully on the mattress , a pillow under her cheek where his chest been had .
tr	I	Plus , it probably didn 't help that my father died in a fiery freeway right collision about the same time .
tr	I	And then , aware of all the pros and cons they could for decide themselves .
tr	O	A set of fingers touch my arm .
tr	I	He looked ready to away bolt .
tr	I	It such was a ridiculous demand , he laughed out loud .
tr	O	Then the strands of Black web broke , and she spiraled down into the Darkness and disappeared .
tr	O	A couple moments later , the door unlocked and I pushed inside .
tr	I	Contentment etched into every on line her face .
tr	I	Not in wildest my imagination did I expect to be instantly propelled into the country 's national consciousness .
tr	O	Your father and I are so worried about you .
tr	I	Why 't wouldn they ?
tr	O	She 'd never actually held anyone at gunpoint before .
tr	O	Chase drummed his fingertips against the table and pulled out his phone .
tr	I	Donald seemed think to about it for a moment before deciding to agree with his friend .
tr	I	His hand is pressed against the in window front of his face .
tr	O	I wasn 't thinking .
tr	O	Her desire to settle into a comfortable married life was still unfulfilled , and Rachel had given up looking .
tr	O	Each tray is a body , an elderly withering gray headed female .
tr	I	I to wanted believe it more desperately than ever .
tr	I	Only once had attacked Yoda .
tr	I	He is surprised to be picking Luca from up my house , I know .
tr	I	Deciding to get it over with , I made my towards way the .
tr	I	Perhaps she could just borrow some from the ballet rats ' room dressing after they all left for the stage .
tr	I	I sat up with difficulty and 't didn remember Ollie getting up .
tr	I	He swung a over look his shoulder at Mira , somewhere between misery and apology .
tr	O	Same large build from years of football and lacrosse .
tr	I	It could everything ruin .
tr	I	His eclectic wardrobe was designed to connect with those now forced to sit nearby and listen him to for six hours a day .
tr	I	I tuck my face into her neck and breathe the in scent that is uniquely hers .
tr	O	How can I make things right ?
tr	I	He bent down beside me , his level face to mine .
tr	O	She set the table and adjusted the settings on the stove as her sister entered the house .
tr	O	At one point , Tasha could smell Bob , one of Burly 's bouncers , then Tom , the other bouncer .
tr	O	I looked at the bottle with dread .
tr	I	She her cuts eyes to him .
tr	O	I got to my feet and moved over to him , taking his hands in mine .
tr	I	I knew 'd you see it my way .
tr	O	Colton shook his head and followed him .
tr	O	Rumor had it that the Subway Express down the street would be catering the company Christmas lunch .
tr	O	She smoothed the lines in his face with her finger .
tr	O	Yes , Xavier would despise him , because he hadn 't broken Razvan and that continued defiance would cost his grandson dearly .
tr	I	Her sounded voice strange .
tr	O	Even the walk up to her rooms felt like a trek .
tr	O	When he finally arrived , he pulled out a pistol and shot off the lock without hesitation .
tr	I	But the important was thing that Stevie didn 't think he was crazy .
tr	I	Even the handwriting seemed to belong to an man honest .
tr	I	My eyes went back hers to , surprised and terrified .
tr	I	Kay turned attention her to her breakfast .
tr	O	This time I didn 't have any trouble keeping up with her .
tr	I	She saw when Lena glanced at the receptionist but Marilyn had her nose buried a in magazine with Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie on the cover .
tr	O	There 's some mountains down south with pretty flat tops , you know .
tr	O	The salt water tasted delicious on my lips as the two of us kissed , and I was getting more turned on by the moment .
tr	I	She wished she find could a way to convey to Jasmine that she would help , that she would never betray her confidence .
tr	I	Small boats began to gather around , they were smiling and waving , among them a was friendly young man wearing a uniform .
tr	O	He shook his head and grinned .
tr	I	I had thirty-two years to get to know how his worked mind .
tr	I	The sound of her whispering his name and the sensation amazing of her pleasure triggered his own release from the tension gripping him .
tr	O	I look around again .
tr	O	Living in the city he constantly had people around him .
tr	I	Behind the reviewing were stand the rockets and fireworks that would explode once Alain had triumphed .
tr	I	How could he been have out maneuvered ?
tr	O	I loaded up on fried potatoes and sausage while Josie went for the pancakes and fruit .
tr	I	The man was a big burly brute , but he merely stared me at before letting us pass .
tr	I	There was only one thing he could to think do : call Cain to come and physically restrain her while Iain did what he needed to do .
tr	O	He started with the poker games in Kuwait , then moved on to the RPG that knocked him unconscious and the firefight in Fallujah .
tr	O	But everyone looks past me .
tr	O	Maybe I was special in a way ; I mean how many people do you know with purple eyes ?
tr	O	Kiara pointed at the phone .
tr	I	Mortimer asked when Bricker led him all the way across the sand and right out the of group of par tiers onto a path through the trees .
tr	I	When I at looked him in surprise , he was staring past me .
tr	I	That would give Simon time to things settle in his own way .
tr	O	She hurried out the cabin 's only door and knelt to look beneath the building .
tr	O	He allowed her to go to Clear for two or three hours a day but kept her close any other time .
tr	O	Antonia found this similarity between their names somewhat disconcerting .
tr	I	He him flung around to face the wall .
tr	O	She didn 't know exactly where the vein of silver was , but her grandfather said dragon fire was used to melt it .
tr	I	I was just renting small somewhere at the time .
tr	I	The ring trigger slowly slipped from his finger .
tr	I	He said with the trailing words off .
tr	I	Someone crouched behind a bush the to side of the trail .
tr	O	He pressed the button for his floor and the elevator shot up .
tr	I	But you never can guess how might they manifest themselves .
tr	O	Your sister acted with her mind , with her reasoning , and that is what separates you -- her conscious decision .
tr	I	Rao shone directly overhead , a large square with circles four at its sides and a dot in the center .
tr	O	She wasn 't going to stay inside and hide because of the submariners !
tr	I	I was still hard throbbing and .
tr	I	We going 're to get you out of here .
tr	O	I knew most of the people with flats there were well-to-do enough to take taxis everywhere if they wanted .
tr	I	I became a man day that .
tr	I	He didn 't bother the with light switch as he strode over and placed her lightly upon the bed .
tr	O	The falls are not very large , only about 50 yards from the top , but they surely are pretty .
tr	O	She couldn 't find it .
tr	I	Carlo drove home her the next morning and kissed her passionately before leaving to drive into the office .
tr	O	But then he was probably more experienced than her .
tr	I	Not only were they dull , but software demonstrations something were only computer geeks could get a kick out of .
tr	O	My grandfather stood in the doorway .
tr	O	He poured a portion for himself and his eldest sons , all of whom approved .
tr	O	He stared down at her , the woman he 'd waited half a lifetime to finally make his own .
tr	I	They were just filler questions he because didn 't know what else to say to me .
tr	I	I heard the begin tap running , followed by the tear of paper towel .
tr	I	They had so endured much .
tr	I	In the end , no one goes with home the fairy tale .
tr	O	Not with our attention and soldiers spread out so thin , trying to fight a war on so many sides .
tr	I	So unlike Patrick that I knew whatever path we were going down was nothing short legendary of .
tr	O	Instead , I studied a flashing neon advertisement in the window nearby .
tr	O	he said in a hardened voice .
tr	I	Taking a breath deep , I turned around .
tr	O	The next sound was unmistakable .
tr	I	Ella looked up to see Beth , Suzy , and Claire standing on other the side of her desk with their purses .
tr	O	With no traffic on the road , it doesn 't take long to get back to the hospital .
tr	I	Writing up the report on their latest mission was adequate punishment for vocabulary the lesson prior to Riddick 's first ever shower .
tr	I	It 's like we 've got these rays and we can just keep moving about and through other rays , what but 's the purpose ?
tr	I	The water would barely have to time get into his belly before he 'd be losing it again .
tr	I	That night , my blood flowing had been enough to catch every vampire 's attention , to freeze them all in place for an instant .
tr	O	Even though Jake was not expecting the news , he was neither surprised , nor scared by it .
tr	O	His rhythmic steps break the silence .
tr	I	They worked quickly and ardently , and in little ships time were able to be outfitted with the new propulsion .
tr	I	Jodie leapt to her feet raced and to meet Craig .
tr	I	Considering the damage he 'd found when he had entered the room , though , was he pleased with progress .
tr	O	Weak in a way he 'd never been before .
tr	O	CHAPTER SIXTEEN After an exhausting day and night at the hospital it was with relief that Golden finally witnessed Claire open her eyes .
tr	O	Stamping his foot he chugged basic chords as his mind searched for words .
tr	O	He had one chance to stop her .
tr	I	Was I going tell to him ?
tr	O	Nikki smiled slyly , and it was Lance who spoke again .
tr	O	Yolanda was proud of the fact that she had helped her boss write and take cute photos of some cats and kittens to enhance the booklet .
tr	I	Liam was working at the bar , and had Kim gone there with him after winning a heated argument .
tr	O	In that state , I felt myself slowly bringing my machete in front of me , knowing what I had to do .
tr	O	He was a monster .
tr	O	Wednesday - November 14 , 1984 Jake just told me he saw me dancing in the stands with Lily at the pep rally this afternoon .
tr	O	He might as well blow his brains out the same way Dan Sherman had .
tr	O	He rose once again to his feet and regarded the men carefully .
tr	O	What I 've got is my hand , some fancy dildos , and some rope .
tr	O	She 'd stayed up far too late .
tr	I	He picked it and up selected Yes .
tr	I	The intel the on target was disturbing .
tr	O	I burst into tears again as I finished .
tr	I	It reminds me of getting caught sneaking back into the orphanage after curfew , I and briefly picture Nine trying to take a ruler to my knuckles .
tr	O	His first assignment was to personally manage the ship 's construction in Europe .
tr	O	But Della 's eyes lit up with a spark of self-confidence .
tr	I	She smiled me at sadly and told me she would be back .
tr	O	Intrigued , I almost let myself follow the comfortable bunny path of plant identification .
tr	I	We both know I 'm no real match you for .
tr	I	One of the most amazing cherished and memories with her was of an evening with her in her studio apartment flat .
tr	I	How did my childhood buddies all pair up into romantic couples in the space of prepubescent a year ?
tr	I	If so , Alex would still be a hunk his in fifties .
tr	O	While filling a cloth sack of her precious gems , the sensation of a rain drop could be felt on her nose .
tr	I	He twisted his hand and tight sudden in my hair .
tr	O	Once discharged , I sent the manuscript to two N.Y.C. book publishers , and received rejections .
tr	O	How odd it felt to hold a pen !
tr	O	Because of the parking prohibition .
tr	I	She planned to take her mother 's place in the fields while Hansel talked heading of to the quarry with their father .
tr	O	The suit crackled every time he moved .
tr	I	Well , that wasn 't really true , she told as herself she grabbed the shampoo .
tr	I	She nodded , not bothering to tel she Alfred was leaving .
tr	O	Josh kissed the top of her head , then her forehead , her nose and her chin .
tr	O	She hit Echo across the face so forcefully , Echo flew through the air and landed hard on the ground .
tr	O	He said it so strongly that I believed him .
tr	O	She turned to me .
tr	I	She watched as him he worked .
tr	O	Wallace leaned forward and sniffed .
tr	I	The second reason not to attempt an angel summoning is that there is no way to oblige an angel cooperate to with your needs .
tr	I	Her foot hit ; something whatever it was felt heavy , though it shifted slightly .
tr	O	His gentleness would be my undoing .
tr	O	The dainty hope was broken like a mirror and its parts hurt her internally .
tr	I	Eliminate the prime suspect in the investigation murder .
tr	I	Just putting one foot in front of the other was like lifting a of block cement and slamming it down , over and over .
tr	I	He walked over to cot the to peek .
tr	O	Someone 's got ta do something .
tr	O	If he was going to take somebody , why hadn 't he taken me ?
tr	I	I was still very much new the kid on the block , and more than happy to stay that way .
tr	I	She made a grated of sound frustration .
tr	O	It 's in the city of Catania on the island of Sicily .
tr	O	Shaking with rage , I controlled my need to cause destruction .
tr	I	A bullet grazed the side of the obelisk behind us , sending few a tiny chips of stone clattering onto the ground around us .
tr	O	I mean if you really believed ?
tr	I	He went into the kitchen and looked out the of window .
tr	I	A feeling nervous bloomed in her stomach .
tr	I	They started walking toward the main entrance , still bemused , laughing and joking like long-lost sisters which ... they were of sorts .
tr	I	His hand drifted down my neck , my chest , over my breast and I sucked breath in when it stopped , holding me there .
tr	O	She felt his lips on the top of her head , a tender gesture .
tr	I	I didn 't think about words the .
tr	O	It was amazing he could even see Nikki to talk to her .
tr	I	My head snaps up just in time to see a guy running straight for me with his hands the in air and a football flying at him .
tr	I	Death galloped down through black towering clouds .
tr	I	She rested her chin on Alex 's chest and to tried slow her breaths .
tr	I	I 'm so bloated all the time and 've I gained at least fifteen pounds with all these stupid hormones they make me take .
tr	O	He felt as though he was falling into a hole .
tr	O	She couldn 't tell me what had happened .
tr	I	The larger of Victor 's bodyguards the took front passenger seat of the vehicle while Reid and I climbed in the back .
tr	O	And it took a lot of convincing by father and me to get him to take this job .
tr	O	He really seems like a nice guy and I think he 'll make an excellent teacher .
tr	I	He liked her even more when hackles her were up .
tr	O	She felt she had plenty of friends .
tr	O	It roared over him , so close that he could see the oil streaks on the underbody of the engines .
tr	I	Someone needs surely help .
tr	I	Bonnie sniffed , and tears formed around the of rims her eyes .
tr	I	When he reached lengthening the shadow of Cape Hatteras Lighthouse , he noticed a group of wild horses congregating on the grassy dune before him .
tr	I	Arthur couldn 't have looked more stunned if I 'd told him wanted I to jump off the library roof .
tr	O	She should be mad , but her stomach was so empty that all she felt was extreme gratitude .
tr	I	We were trapped with no in mirror sight .
tr	I	Tex and I shared a look before Tex finally stepped forward and out held the stuffed lamb I 'd given her when she was six .
tr	O	She catches my attention .
tr	O	You 're the one who 's been stealing the water .
tr	O	But he 'd try one more time .
tr	O	He brought his hand up to the curve of my jaw and smiled .
tr	O	I reined Daisy and Socks to a halt and nodded at him .
tr	O	I am too full from my late lunch to eat anything , but a lack of appetite doesn 't keep me from enjoying the fire .
tr	O	That Warner can so easily project his powers .
tr	O	The hulking structure of the Pier loomed in the gathering darkness as the small congregation of silhouettes sat talking amongst themselves .
tr	O	It 's because she 's holding Ella , I realize .
tr	I	asked Michael , as quietly as he could , hoping Eva not would overhear .
tr	I	He bent and pressed kiss a to her throat .
tr	I	She glanced the at agitated businessman as she passed him on his way to the doors .
tr	I	He could just make out across Gordon the room .
tr	O	He and Archer had already put on their dark glasses .
tr	O	The elevator ride seemed slightly more harrowing without an escort .
tr	I	That wasn all 't .
tr	O	Then the tendril fell from fake Mira 's back .
tr	I	She still couldn 't remember much about him , but she somehow felt connected .
tr	O	He touched his lips to her forehead , then backed away and walked to the stairs that led to the second floor .
tr	O	I toast along , but I hear the past tense in her tone .
tr	O	Say , Stop , Hart , and I will .
tr	I	There is no response but I can shuffling hear from the inside .
tr	I	Pulling it , the man understood that shaking hands led missed to shots .
tr	I	Josie slid in next to - Mark much to Jimmy 's dismay .
tr	O	He was infinitely more complex and difficult than anyone I might have imagined .
tr	I	I clicked on it and waited for to it load and as it did she sent me two more .
tr	I	It was a man in small a boat .
tr	O	He 'd met her two friends , and they would have fought that crowd tooth and nail to make sure they all got out unscathed .
tr	I	We may be all drowned . '
tr	O	He turned to meet Shay 's troubled gaze .
tr	O	The first step was to drive the rover to near the trailer .
tr	O	That didn 't mean I had to be all evil , did it ?
tr	O	I had endured that kind of training growing up playing sports , but this new part of my training was something else entirely .
tr	I	It was the incredible most kiss I had ever experienced .
tr	O	He hasn 't run with me since coming home from South Carolina .
tr	I	I tried to excuse what I had heard by rationalizing that perhaps Aiden was just talking in some sort of code corporate .
tr	O	He put it into his pocket and stared into her sad eyes .
tr	O	What kind of person was I , when I couldn 't bring my own father 's killer to justice ?
tr	O	He simply wanted her to feel .
tr	O	She didn 't know we were a very long way from our solar system .
tr	I	We laced our fingers and her thumb started the stroking back of my hand .
tr	O	Chasing after Wynn when she was destined to belong to another , well , that was an exercise in futility .
tr	O	The pool of deadly liquid moved toward Blake .
tr	I	He shouldn 't have picked up any passengers , particularly a mother child and .
tr	O	I knew what that felt like .
tr	I	I landed on the ground the near fire door .
tr	I	He knelt beside me as his father menacingly chuckled , looming over us .
tr	O	He could hear them trying to make no noise .
tr	I	She gently ran her over hand his eyes and shut them for the last time .
tr	O	I licked my lips as I tried to process this .
tr	I	They were the vilest creatures Hades and his brother had Lucifer ever spawned .
tr	I	But we pick our carefully way through the untouched industrial setting towards an unknown destination .
tr	O	They stick very close inshore . '
tr	O	Rebecca was trying hard to help .
tr	O	I shake my head and hold up the vial of memory serum .
tr	I	The door knob rattles and it sounds he like kicks the door .
tr	I	She didn 't seem to denial give a moment 's thought .
tr	I	As she opened the bigger box , gut her twisted .
tr	O	And it wasn 't doing the boy any good , either .
tr	O	Alix asked after they 'd cut the cake and made a final round of their guests .
tr	I	' It 's like C well , I wouldn 't like say to .
tr	I	When Royce lifted his hips , trying to force her to take more of him , she pushed down until he was buried the to hilt .
tr	I	The door closed quietly her behind , and I was alone again .
tr	I	It flowed up through the cracks in the asphalt and under crucible the 's lip .
tr	I	They continued to work until they exposed the dragons , then and they carved holes around the bodies until the dragons slipped free .
tr	I	That had mean to something right ?
tr	O	Levana took in the bedroom she 'd rarely seen in the light .
tr	O	Adrenaline coursed through her veins .
tr	I	I 'm not forcing to you do this .
tr	I	Chloe rehearsed her over words and over again in her head , and sometimes out loud .
tr	I	The spirits within confronted Rei this about inconsistency , trying to prove that either he or Rome was lying .
tr	O	He thinks only what the vampire wishes him to think .
tr	I	Savannah had seemed somewhat worried and hesitant to discuss Dillon , so at least now for , he 'd let it drop .
tr	I	The stalactites hang down from the ceiling , reflecting little what light there was .
tr	I	In summer the establishments were crowded with vacationers from and Portland Seattle .
tr	I	And there 'd been nothing in Lily 's actions to hint any at turmoil .
tr	I	I could feel here power .
tr	O	Of course he wasn 't trained .
tr	I	For now , let 's to return the shop .
tr	O	Megan pressed her lips together .
tr	I	Evie bounded to her feet , energy restored , and rushed out to help him with the sudden of glut customers .
tr	I	Taking pictures young up school girls ' dresses is deranged . '
tr	O	To her surprise and intense relief , the soil above her parted neatly to reveal the high ceiling of the cavern .
tr	O	Always saying how nice it was I was dating so-and-so , if it was anybody white and professional , lawyer or doctor or bank president .
tr	I	I closed my eyes and listened to ocean , feeling the warm breeze glide my across skin and ruffle my sundress .
tr	O	Carol was about to walk through the door , when Spears stopped her .
tr	O	We 'd barely made it through half of that dance before our overly aroused bodies had needed a change of locale .
tr	O	It was filled with blackened soil occasionally split by brown vines or shrubs .
tr	I	She put the case back in safe the deposit box , locked it , and left the room .
tr	I	' First it was my aunt , then Agnes , Charlotte , and Michael lastly .
tr	I	Eliot squeezed hand my once .
tr	I	Nate tucked my hair behind my ear and pulled me to close him .
tr	O	He thought for a moment and then he nodded .
tr	O	Of course we all screamed and jumped around .
tr	O	Melanie backed up a step , feeling the need for distance .
tr	I	That 's another distinction Cam for made himself early on .
tr	O	Slowly , she turned back , the tears glittering in her eyes .
tr	I	Pogo also seemed fond of him as he followed him through the garden , sticking close Nicholas to instead of me .
tr	O	I took my spot from yesterday and prepared to make a better show of my kicks today .
tr	I	The first time I lived there , I did know not you ; the second time , I was consoling myself for loss .
tr	O	Not much of a recommendation for love , any of this ! '
tr	O	She begins to move her tiny body into a sitting position .
tr	O	What could have happened to the people of the town ?
tr	O	We and our allies have identified substantial mutual interests .
tr	O	Banners fly from along the struts .
tr	I	Nervousness pushed Claire through .
tr	O	Apparently , no one had bothered to tell her about the regime change in Palm Springs .
tr	O	Immediately my shoulders slouched at the release of tension -- breathe seeping from my nostrils slowly as I motioned my mother to rejoin me .
tr	O	She coughed a moment longer , groaning , then reached a dripping hand into her pocket and pulled out her last two vials .
tr	O	He 'd conceded defeat on that occasion .
tr	I	' Yes , I so think . '
tr	O	Claire wished she felt that sure about it .
tr	O	Everyone stumbled out of the dark tent into the blazing heat and light of a desert afternoon .
tr	I	But then footsteps sounded behind them , this for time real .
tr	I	The cabin had only two main rooms and the tiny bathroom was right the off bedroom .
tr	O	I stole a quick look at Dave ; he was watching us with a slight frown on his face .
tr	O	A smile appeared on Roberto 's face .
tr	I	I felt sorry the for guard and offered up a silent apology .
tr	I	My throat started to close , and collapsed I against Evan .
tr	O	And trust me , it isn 't so easy as simply talking to him .
tr	O	Aldred 's heart was pounding like a blacksmith 's hammer as he stepped over the seat and into the secret passage .
tr	O	But before he could fully vet them , the dead came -- far ahead of schedule .
tr	O	It never came despite the copious amounts of build-up .
tr	I	She said had fresh air meant good things , so they should probably check this area out .
tr	I	It was good to see fleet the was upholding its fine traditions .
tr	O	China had been doing just that for years , but now made the move to permanently expropriate them .
tr	I	It still throbbed with heartbeat her .
tr	O	There were two bright pink spots on Hanna 's cheeks .
tr	O	This is pure hell .
tr	O	And I 'm the only one that can get Anna back to you safely , the others you speak of are already dead .
tr	I	The police the keep law .
tr	O	Once they had collected what they would take , they carried it all down to his sailboat .
tr	O	She saw the couple stare at her .
tr	I	I wanted him desperately , but nothing would make me go through with if this I couldn 't handle the consequences later .
tr	I	His mouth swallowed moan her , as though he wanted every bit of her pleasure .
tr	O	Still the seconds passed like hours as he could see the red energy beginning to be summoned .
tr	I	But there was I nothing would rather do .
tr	I	Why couldn 't he have stayed away a for few more years ?
tr	I	No words are necessary as friends two observe the world below them .
tr	O	' She was a lovely old girl , we gave her a cup of tea .
tr	O	Instead , he continued to watch Jack with an expression of rapt attention .
tr	O	All I see are more of Elliott 's soldiers .
tr	O	He 's been silent for most of the Adam discussion .
tr	I	The paper was a facsimile of a on report himself .
tr	I	Cora grabbed his hand and until tugged Jess let him go .
tr	I	He slouched on the couch in front of the TV or late slept into the day .
tr	I	It was uncanny , his to resemblance Rodrigo .
tr	I	She was to allowed use the phone .
tr	O	The towering fortress was a thin structure made of dark bluestone and looked to be as old as the mountains themselves .
tr	O	He knew how she felt about public fighting .
tr	O	I 've got lots of things we can do once we 're all up there .
tr	I	Christian was slowly binding me to him in a such way that I was losing my perspective .
tr	I	The effort to raise herself was just too daunting , her and strength ebbed away as sleep returned .
tr	O	He saw the sadness in her eyes .
tr	O	The monster inside of him bristled at the thought .
tr	I	They went to dinner , that night , after her 's grandmother meal was delivered in the hospital .
tr	I	Willow worked she as spoke .
tr	O	A mixture of pride and shame .
tr	O	He joined her until they were both laughing so hard they couldn 't speak .
tr	I	She opened the and lid placed it back in my hands .
tr	O	The stand lasted for two hours .
tr	O	He started for the door , but Simi tossed her hand out and wrapped what appeared to be a sticky rope around him .
tr	I	' It 's more important not to let get him behind me .
tr	I	Now that the Prince had a good look at him , was he surprised he hadn 't pegged him for Leah 's brother immediately .
tr	O	I look up at him , the heaviness still in my chest as I meet his eyes .
tr	I	Yes , she was bound to make mistakes , but she had a new life a and good friend in Paul .
tr	O	It was my responsibility to detect the vampire 's presence .
tr	I	The fact that 're you still standing is amazing .
tr	O	The soundless air hung heavy , even heavier than the fog that had risen a few more feet and now snaked through the trees .
tr	O	I don 't want to sit in the office all day wondering what will happen next .
tr	I	' But just : yes perhaps , as as just our little wisdom allows .
tr	I	Destiny sought out every back alley she could think of , stalking the streets trying to desperately look like a victim .
tr	I	Then he rolled back and her gathered in his arms .
tr	O	Jones was in his front yard working on his crab pots .
tr	I	She even smiled at Mirabelle as she floated away , as if she understood why 'd she done it .
tr	I	Did your cousin them make , maybe ? ' '
tr	I	Because these aren scratches 't .
tr	O	He started to walk away .
tr	O	But Brick strengthened her .
tr	O	Thomas shot at Alanna , not entirely angry .
tr	I	She extended a hand out her toward husband in anticipation , causing Will to disappear on a mission of his own to help Sarah down .
tr	I	Tell your me address .
tr	O	She whirled and found him standing near the back of the vehicle , his face pale , his bloody shirt clinging to his chest .
tr	I	Of course , not everyone would automatically suspect what to many of them would be the highest order of to insult any male .
tr	I	Couldn 't he even be gallant shield and her ?
tr	I	A Canada Jay the explored camp and stole a piece of fish .
tr	I	He raised eyebrows his , like he was surprised I had to ask the question .
tr	O	Not that that was any consolation .
tr	I	That serious 's contraband , available only on Gehenna .
tr	I	Best to get him off that subject , onto and his travels .
tr	I	Melissa opened her eyes and turned to her friend old .
tr	I	I pressed at my temples hard my with fingers , and then held my head between my hands .
tr	O	Tomorrow , if possible .
tr	I	Hearing about Sage 's with plans Nora put an instant damper on her mood .
tr	I	At this last , the girl smiled and blew kisses to them , the causing noise to double .
tr	I	Not a like normal , give your concubine a hug upon arriving home .
tr	O	The wagons arrived to take them back to their various stations .
tr	I	I may not be able to see his tattoo , but I can see every of ridge his sculpted chest and flat abdomen .
tr	I	Elodie looked me at with wide , begging eyes .
tr	O	Dennis , choosing to engage less in the jovial conversation , was someone who took the game very seriously .
tr	O	I doubted the sweaters would see much wear , unless a freak apocalyptic blizzard hit Palm Springs .
tr	O	Nikolas grabbed his waist .
tr	O	And I knew what was on the other side .
tr	I	' Yes do they , ' said Zeus .
tr	I	He stopped at a door on top the floor .
tr	O	This time you speak of that we have , may be in theory only .
tr	I	The path seemed long miles .
tr	O	Norman 's Cessna was warmed up and ready to go when Norman putted out on the 18th hole .
tr	O	Feeling a little shaken from the experience , I decided to start a fire in the fireplace to warm things up .
tr	O	He couldn 't let the Center down .
tr	O	Tearing my mouth free , I took a ragged breath and held her still .
tr	O	I wanted to get it over with .
tr	O	' Leave the atmosphere and make the leap !
tr	O	He remembered the small box in his right hand and stared at it blankly .
tr	I	Jamming the spectacles on to his face , he glanced in a mirror on wall the .
tr	I	But get you over here at nightfall , you hear me ?
tr	O	I can 't stay here .
tr	I	The champagne he 'd ordered sat on the table , and he popped cork the himself , pouring them both a glass .
tr	I	There many are things the King 's servants are called to do .
tr	I	Never of tiring Johnny 's English accent , Linda rested her feet on the desk and her eyes on his Stetson .
tr	I	She had never felt like much of a mother type before , at but that moment it was exactly what I needed .
tr	I	He courting was her .
tr	I	Luckily , he 't didn seem to mind .
tr	I	She spun to around head in the opposite way now .
tr	O	She gently lifted my arm to move it off of her .
tr	I	I grab the pillows off the bed chuck and them at the reflection in the mirror of the girl I no longer know .
tr	I	Or , Will might with dance me .
tr	O	I nodded and then he pulled into the parking lot and parked the car .
tr	I	The cool metal bit my into palm .
tr	O	The Man in Christ rose again : not only the God .
tr	I	The clouds swirled separately for a moment , merged then into one .
tr	O	Walt glanced up , frowning , as she planted herself in the threshold to his office .
tr	O	Then she strolled into her bathroom , stripping off her clothes as she went .
tr	I	The noise pounding rang out again causing him to flinch -- which amused Nate .
tr	I	And like that , the woman turned fiercely from protective doorkeeper to swooning fangirl .
tr	I	But Fletcher turned still his head to stare at me , his green eyes soft and kind , far kinder than I deserved .
tr	I	How that hand ached - as though it had been held above the trigger key a for century .
tr	I	Uncle Gary lay in hospital his bed .
tr	O	Clay composed himself and left the matron a tip .
tr	O	Mary turned the light back off and laid in bed while listening to the storm .
tr	I	He loved to ride but didn 't own horse a .
tr	O	They all laugh in unison like it 's the funniest joke in the world .
tr	I	So I her tell that .
tr	I	He grabbed my arm , pul ing me around one the of arcade games .
tr	I	Marking me his as .
tr	I	We to had , but it didn 't seem right .
tr	I	' Didn 't to mean knock it , Jake , ' Danny said apologetically .
tr	O	How could he have killed her ?
tr	I	But Nadiya was an vampire old .
tr	I	She 's a machine fighting .
tr	I	He 't doesn love you .
tr	O	No ; this is the difference I want to tell you .
tr	I	I took a deep breath , to trying clear the knot in my chest .
tr	O	A small , secret smile played on her lips .
tr	O	His face flushes a bit .
tr	O	Then he popped the digit into his mouth .
tr	I	Three Dim Sum Da platters .
tr	I	Nathan was thirteen , a skinny , kid gangly .
tr	O	The young man sat down and gently lifted the lid off the box .
tr	I	Considering his tenants , there might have been a bit of to truth it .
tr	I	I knew along all Michael was a nice guy , and this just proved it .
tr	I	I you love so much , baby .
tr	I	An adorable flush stained her cheeks , and an amused grin tugged her at lips .
tr	I	Cautiously he followed the cart , drew which up behind the station .
tr	O	Walking back to the hall , I grabbed my bags and tossed them on my bed .
tr	I	I stare the into man 's eyes , captivated by the look on his face .
tr	I	This time I was the that one stared .
tr	O	Viper studied him with a somber expression .
tr	I	There a was long period of the elevator doors opening and closing then finally the blip came alive again and started moving .
tr	I	This night , and the carefully planned of sequence events that created it , were a wild success for Gene Harold .
tr	I	A corpse in a blackened red and blue dress to crumbled the ground before her , smoking and reeking of burned flesh .
tr	I	He admired her courage too to much lie .
tr	O	What had been done to him would be repeated unless Essex recanted his vow to never help , an outcome he knew himself unwilling to accept .
tr	O	Of course they knew he had done it .
tr	I	He says dragging her of out the room towards the dining hall .
tr	O	And how was she going to get away to get there ?
tr	O	Leaving his cup on the table , Jeff left the coffee shop to find somewhere to stay for the night .
tr	O	It had a particular smell , thick and cloying , like a stagnant pond grown black and green with dying things .
tr	I	She watched Acheron step back from the car and turn toward back the hill .
tr	I	Jenna hurried forward pulled and Abby against her chest .
tr	O	A big , thick shaft with one button on it led to a wide head with two metal prongs facing each other .
tr	I	She wouldn 't be threatened , scared , or in intimidated the slightest by me .
tr	I	Angelina slumped a into chair .
tr	I	He 'd surely tap out but not before Johnny 's right fist chased the head falling and connected with its left eye socket .
tr	I	The applause woke him his from slumber .
tr	I	The camera would record huge a wolf , a blurred movement of shattered glass and mist and the wolf again .
tr	O	Kateri 's eyes widened .
tr	O	He ran to Sarah who was kneeling by the little dog and looking at the burning cottage , her face a mask of unreadable agony .
tr	I	She smiled in of anticipation how irritated Damon would be when he had to wait for her .
tr	I	Must be even more in lethal the water , though .
tr	I	Scar planted an easy-going smirk on his face , and waved a quick before hand he disappeared .
tr	O	The man slowly turned a grimace of anger into the light , showing the raised palms of his hands .
tr	O	No one had even came to her aid .
tr	I	There was an Italian sculptor has who since become world-famous .
tr	O	I glanced at the code , memorized the numbers , and tucked the paper into my pocket .
tr	O	And now , on his wedding day , Nick didn 't want to piss her off .
tr	O	I want to give you a family .
tr	I	He couldn 't grinning help .
tr	O	After cleaning up , Tracey sat in Hot Ben 's lap , and before long , their fun flirting turned much more serious .
tr	I	We 're to going stay on schedule .
tr	I	They were decent and people fair .
tr	I	A sword and club 't weren the worst of finds , Mike had to concede .
tr	O	At the mention of Caden , I scrambled to my feet , ready to dash off after her .
tr	O	Kara lay on her back , afraid she 'd knock the IV out .
tr	I	Steve fastens a seatbelt around waist my .
tr	I	I tried to be best the husband I could , helping around the house , and doing my best to romance my wife .
tr	I	It is to be used only in circumstances extreme and even then it cannot guarantee that you will understand .
tr	O	She hoped he didn 't detect the disappointment in her voice .
tr	O	He asked me with a smile on his face .
tr	I	I will now present you with options two , and I recommend that you choose wisely .
tr	I	Soul Reapers don 't their love Weapons .
tr	O	Wayne had no friends as every moment of his life was devoted to Eileen .
tr	O	I finally had what I wanted , a window to the past , and fear threatened to get the better of me .
tr	O	I can see that .
tr	I	I around turn to see who 's got her so excited .
tr	O	He should 've known , shouldn 't have jumped to conclusions .
tr	O	The skull partially covered in wasted tissue turned on its own so that the shriveled , rotting eyes looked directly at Mommy .
tr	I	There were even sensor eyes still alive show to the area outside their perimeter , the gas drifting across the open ground there .
tr	I	He could zigzag through the without streets thinking , making it there within minutes .
tr	I	' For dammed this business .
tr	I	That have should been warning enough to me to back off , but control had escaped me .
tr	I	It took a Nora moment to respond -- God , she wanted to hang up the phone .
tr	O	I am now pure .
tr	O	she at last demanded .
tr	I	I sang , trying to blank words his from my mind .
tr	O	She stuck her legs out and rested them across Colton 's lap .
tr	O	Noah 's going to blow a gasket , and I 'm not sure Rachel will want to show .
tr	O	He had pleasant wide brown eyes and the beginnings of a goatee .
tr	O	None knew anything about the fires .
tr	O	A man in ragged clothes , his feet covered in pink scars , approached her .
tr	I	I decided focus to on something else .
tr	I	The smallest one ripped his leg open with a vicious slash teeth of .
tr	I	He assured me he 'd be back in Tucson as soon as he could , but I saw the look Jasmine gave when me she overheard .
tr	I	I stop turn and toward him .
tr	I	You part are of me , the other half of my heart .
tr	O	She smiled then , her face soft , pretty , and pleasant , despite the shimmer of violence in her hazel eyes .
tr	I	After a less than noteworthy four years of high school Roger was ready to consider the manner in which he might make the world better a place .
tr	O	Jake walked in Julie 's direction , but the walk turned into a run as the car 's approach quickened .
tr	I	I didn 't like Sally asking questions about who I was , so I used to make up stuff .
tr	O	I swallowed ... and nodded .
tr	O	I ask and he lowers his voice .
tr	I	He didn 't any have ID .
tr	I	She was stronger them than .
tr	O	She took a breath and made herself continue .
tr	O	But Mikhail was desperate to save his second-in-command .
tr	I	I didn 't know where I was or how got I there .
tr	O	He said that it didn 't matter , that I was the woman he was going to marry .
tr	I	He then walked along the street by the store , turned right the at corner leading to the apartments above , and returned soon after .
tr	I	He took a seat the on couch .
tr	O	It was supposed to help us catch a dangerous killer .
tr	I	The high-speed ride with lady the cop had been silent and tense .
tr	I	Ethan never eased his on grip the gun .
tr	I	When he leaned back she could still feel lips his on hers .
tr	O	But in cop circles , sometimes a big mouth can get you into a lot of hot water .
tr	I	He cast quick a look at his lackey , still bound and sitting on the floor .
tr	O	Her eyelids fluttered open .
tr	I	He whispered in ear my .
tr	I	No sooner had she let go of her nose , than the pungent smell of the pill lay down as thick a taste on her tongue .
tr	I	Jackson waved down a nearby cab that immediately drove and over stopped in front of them .
tr	I	Something 's going on that here I don 't like .
tr	I	He couldn 't her blame after the day they 'd had .
tr	I	This a is game for fools and clearly designed by the devil himself .
tr	I	He the studied new force carefully and in that effort forgot himself .
tr	I	His fingers his seek cane .
tr	I	I she know 'll try to kill me , but that doesn 't mean she 's guaranteed to succeed .
tr	O	It wasn 't the right time .
tr	O	Even though she was prepared , a scream was wrenched from Juliet 's throat as the creature launched itself forward .
tr	O	Little Spirit had done phenomenally well since then career-wise and in their relationships .
tr	I	As a pastor , Tosh was having busiest his season , and it was making him cranky .
tr	I	Because it meant that she 'd helped him , at least a bit little , to reclaim a part of his soul .
tr	O	Of her heart crying out for his tenderness .
tr	I	The yard that was now with covered leaves would soon be lost beneath feet of snow .
tr	O	There were loads of them on this block , and two parked on the curb in front of Maggie 's place .
tr	O	After a few seconds of silence he shook his head .
tr	I	There something was wrong with me .
tr	I	He knew of several boutiques where he 'd like to drape her in the lace expensive .
tr	O	His curtains are open .
tr	I	But she was also tough as a hound feral , and was obviously determined not to let her pain show .
tr	O	As they approached the gambling parlor , sounds of music and rowdy people greeted them .
tr	I	She put away her phone , figuring that she wouldn bother 't replying .
tr	O	The Willis brothers were identical twins but in style and appearance they were opposites .
tr	I	All crammed into Jo-Jo 's kitchen , and talking all at the same time .
tr	I	One second he was flying me at , human teeth bared like fangs , and the next , I ducked out of reach .
tr	O	Never once had I guessed he 'd consider me as his best man .
tr	I	I felt Adrian 's hand grab hold of mine , and without a word , he me tugged farther into the living room .
tr	I	But he never 'd given a demonstration of software in his life .
tr	O	I hoist my sword to shoulder height and summon all my anger , all my fear , and use every ounce of my strength as I swing .
tr	I	My caught breath at the unexpected sensations that fired through me .
tr	O	It was snowing heavily .
tr	I	In reality they had very little power , that was in the hands of the Mother Holy .
tr	I	He the smoothed papers and looked at Hannah .
tr	I	This would be an unpleasant conversation , especially when brought she up the subject of money .
tr	O	But it was something his cousin didn 't hesitate doing , either yesterday or now .
tr	I	She hurries for door the , but I catch her arm and stop her .
tr	I	And she was laughing , lapping him with her tongue as if this would hasten metamorphosis the .
tr	O	His hands dangled free as he kept a few paces behind her .
tr	O	How can I go to church when my husband and son cannot be trusted out of my sight ?
tr	I	He off gazed in the direction of his daughter .
tr	O	When death becomes a house guest that won 't leave , your attitude changes .
tr	O	Well , that wasn 't going to stop her .
tr	I	I think he was the one who stole hematite the from my room .
tr	O	Thank you for respecting the hard work of these authors .
tr	I	I can only hack the security Lenses from the outside of building the .
tr	I	He made short work of the cleanup and she set her dining small room table without further incident .
tr	I	Nick stopped in space a right in front of the brightly lit building .
tr	I	You will not remember this place anything or that happened after you were turned .
tr	I	It was an almost ridiculous formality in a to letter the man with whom Sam shared a body .
tr	O	Her voice was almost conversational , except for that edge of cruelty .
tr	I	I walk back down the to hall him .
tr	O	Immediately and unbidden , I form an opinion about this man .
tr	O	It was chilly out looking like it might rain soon .
tr	I	I find can him ... maybe help him , somehow .
tr	O	In the three years since she 'd left high school behind her she hadn 't dated at all .
tr	O	During lean times , this paid the bills .
tr	I	Gabriel opened his mouth closing before it .
tr	I	They ordered coffee when the plates had cleared been away .
tr	I	I wondered he if 'd captured the moment that girl kicked me .
tr	O	Ashley tugged the sunglasses off .
tr	I	There a was blur as the camera stopped rolling and picked up on another date .
tr	O	I wrenched the knife out of his head and tucked it back into my belt .
tr	I	She kissed sister her on the cheek and eased away .
tr	O	She watched , helplessly , as the man drew a knife .
tr	I	She imagined look the on each of their faces when they realized little Deirdre wouldn 't be showing up for traffic meeting any more .
tr	O	The horse , also shocked with the noise of the bang , was more determined to make good her flight .
tr	I	She started to lift end her .
tr	I	Walking back to living the room , she found him by his desk .
tr	I	Her hand was dripping blood onto platform the .
tr	I	The next shift would come around soon enough , with a new level of as horrors the chance of finding survivors decreased .
tr	O	He pulled it from under the vase and began to rub it on his hair to wick up as much moisture as possible .
tr	I	The rushing noise of gallons of water greeted her as it crashed through lock the below her feet , its deafening roar filling her ears .
tr	O	Something that had torn open the stomach of her father .
tr	O	The source appears to be Oasis .
tr	I	And hung he up .
tr	I	He 's enjoying alive being .
tr	I	Good God , she 'd ever never before in her life experienced anything like that .
tr	O	Finally , he fixed his gaze on Ivan .
tr	O	He was singularly caught up in what his heart was telling him to do .
tr	I	There 'd been whole stretches of time when he didn 't think Jamie of at all .
tr	I	------ lay Adele staring at the walls of the tent .
tr	O	He 's a dreamboat .
tr	I	Mark his clapped shoulder , laughing .
tr	O	You say that as if it was some big secret .
tr	O	Lost what made me Sam .
tr	O	If a family wants to stay in their pilfered aristocratic house , let them .
tr	I	I can 't this keep cat .
tr	O	A crystal , which resembled a bullet , sat in the hollowed out interior .
tr	O	Your body has to burn for mine .
tr	I	He focused his hits on the base of the tail , the area between legs the , and on the creature 's underbelly .
tr	O	But I was queen so I sucked it up .
tr	O	No more pining for what could never be .
tr	I	They 're a squall of storms , devastating and powerful , reminding me that life is fleeting , as if didn I 't already know .
tr	O	By Sol , she felt with her brother .
tr	I	Even with his new found strength , he 't didn leave a dent in the door .
tr	I	The leprechaun leader measured for her a moment , his expression unsympathetic .
tr	O	She gathered it up in a tight ponytail and glared at the boy in front of her .
tr	O	He has no problem tel ing everyone else what they 've done wrong , but he hasn 't made the best choices , either .
tr	O	He paused and shook his head .
tr	O	It was a typical Saturday morning in July , hot and humid , and I crossed the meadow and headed for Cleaver 's pond .
tr	O	The blood had drained from Washington 's face .
tr	O	How often did this man get turned down that he would seem so surprised that she was near him ?
tr	I	Did Caden mention to her that I threw at myself him ?
tr	I	Now that she 's cheated you on , you 're caught between two worlds .
tr	O	But he was also enraged .
tr	I	So had she thought of it .
tr	O	Finn was leaving by the front door , and she knew she ought to talk to him .
tr	I	Riley leafed through a few pages of the magazine and pointed at a black flirty cocktail dress .
tr	O	said Haven after she sat in the passenger seat .
tr	O	Rather than ask any questions , I nod and offer him my digits .
tr	I	It was reprehensible of me to allow her to there remain with me , having regard to my matrimonial status .
tr	I	Rachel collapsed to the at ground George 's feet .
tr	O	I half hoped it was Tallis .
tr	I	How had he come to be in the sea when it was obvious the couldn man 't swim ?
tr	O	Do not worry yourself .
tr	I	At that point , Ares ' had granted permission for us to be married the and rest had been history .
tr	I	She had the best mother and father in world the , and she was the happiest girl in the world , and her name was Ruby Lane .
tr	O	I didn 't realize that I wandered away from my usual route .
tr	O	Tens of thousands of lives had been snuffed out in an instant .
tr	I	I getting was paranoid with all these people staring at me all the time .
tr	I	I know failed I .
tr	I	I obviously felt for something each of them , but I wasn 't sure exactly what that something was .
tr	I	With deft one movement he split the material .
tr	O	Noah wasn 't sure Addy wanted everyone to know about her divorce .
tr	O	Gregori continued to follow Savannah .
tr	I	And almost into bumped his chest , he was so close .
tr	O	I try to reason with her .
tr	O	It wanted only one thing , to get out of here .
tr	O	The woman in white stared at him .
tr	O	Why look into this ?
tr	O	I hooked my finger under her chin , so she couldn 't look away from me .
tr	I	His task was to blow up a small factory was which in German hands .
tr	O	I cry out in pain , but it is have been better than plummeting to the bottom of a deep canyon .
tr	O	The horses in the chariot she had mounted were going at full speed .
tr	I	He came straight here the from VIPER meeting and arrived as workers were unloading the backhoe .
tr	O	She 's not allowed to spend any more time alone with Keita .
tr	I	If they there 're .
tr	O	Hell , this was worse .
tr	O	My heart is asking me all kinds of questions .
tr	I	Although obviously weakened , her were movements oddly fluid .
tr	I	As my for son , this novel is dedicated to him .
tr	O	He picks up his fork and jams it into the yellow puffs .
tr	I	Goon held out tub the of powder .
tr	O	Apparently she was a wanton woman after only a few kisses .
tr	I	The man descended the branches so quickly his arms and legs seemed to be working supernatural in tandem .
tr	O	I lean toward her , my mouth against her ear .
tr	O	His voice was a mere whisper .
tr	I	When she came back , he was putting blanket a on the horse .
tr	I	Kendra at glanced Grandma , who nodded .
tr	O	While the tree 's protection was false , she felt safe blending into the darkness .
tr	I	It was something about her being in danger and he wasn 't going to be to able protect her .
tr	I	Despite morning the chill , her mahogany legs were bare and she wore scuffed black plastic ballet flats .
tr	I	Angela struggled her against bonds once more , terrified of what could come next .
tr	I	She managed to break two glass figures in the process , which effectively her erased profit from the two customers .
tr	O	We learned earlier this year that he 'd recently been released from Falaise but his castle at Chester was confiscated and put under Henry 's control .
tr	I	I wonder what he going 's to tell me ?
tr	O	No one else needed to get hurt tonight .
tr	O	Christie didn 't want to ask and didn 't want to put up with an inquisition from Teri , but curiosity had gotten the better of her .
tr	O	She pushed him away .
tr	I	Our plan worked had .
tr	O	But from this position , it didn 't hurt .
tr	O	Sloane clarified , narrowing her big brown eyes on the downtown campus .
tr	I	No , her job wasn 't exciting , but she 'd had enough excitement in the last year to her last a lifetime .
tr	I	Their talk about deaths their and their lives .
tr	I	Notwithstanding the two years that had passed , she could name every piece of furniture in it as she though had arisen there this morning .
tr	O	Aria started in surprise as Xavier separated from the shadows of the trees .
tr	O	Extract a memory buried within me with scary ease .
tr	I	That was the surprise : that she would be using Kiernan to gain a fortune , yet be almost as as angry he was by the arrangement .
tr	O	Constellations I hadn 't seen in I didn 't even know how long .
tr	O	She might have given her father a gift by letting him die , but what of herself ?
tr	I	He looked at Jalal through what felt like a stranger eyes 's .
tr	I	The diminished shadows and once again the holes closed .
tr	I	His eyes were a light brown -- not the brown warm of the earth but rather the mottled brown of rust .
tr	O	It does not quite open at my impact , and I snatch the ledge of the threshold with my hand just in time .
tr	O	What on earth did they mean ?
tr	I	Ethan gave me puzzled a smile .
tr	I	Raina discounted immediately the woman physician as a mate for Roman or Rick .
tr	I	Micah had gone there with his from buddies High School in their senior year , and said it was the best place he 'd been on Halloween .
tr	O	She also had left her cell phone in the suite , so she couldn 't even call for a ride .
tr	I	Trusting in Faith Chapter 1 England , 1191 is Patience a conquering virtue .
tr	O	Smiling from memory , I placed down the bottle and left my Dad 's room to meet up with Rhea downstairs .
tr	I	I butted his face as hard as I with could the back of my head .
tr	I	A large tattooed man said from bench the along the long back wall , between Mat and Steven .
tr	I	Something Jackson about being a little possessive of me felt good , even when I looked like hell .
tr	I	Closing my mind to outside forces must be natural me to or I would never survive another day at Kingsley .
tr	I	I hadn 't meant to snap at her like that , but sleep deprivation can make tatters out of even best the intentions .
tr	I	Sebastian shoved Bowen off and lunged for his throat with hand one .
tr	O	He wouldn 't even look at me .
tr	O	Free of my hunters .
tr	O	He nearly spilled his tea when he looked up from his musings and saw the shadowy figure standing in the doorway of the private showroom .
tr	O	Missing links and names that changed with marriage .
tr	I	Now they were like family the she had never had .
tr	O	But she needed to respond , had to think of something light , easy .
tr	O	Keep casualties to an absolute minimum .
tr	O	Blue Leader had an accurate shot and would shoot the ball down the field trying to catch him open .
tr	I	I wish were Gabrielle here .
tr	I	' It was your argument to start with , ' she them reminded , ' so you must have the reconciliation .
tr	I	Again he found softening himself .
tr	O	I felt a lot safer in the midst of the armed gunmen .
tr	I	He suggested they meet at 's Annie Cafe and she agreed .
tr	I	He felt like he 'd been punched in the stomach looking just at her .
tr	I	My shopping partner in crime , she knew every fashion that was coming it before hit .
tr	O	I asked after taking another gulp .
tr	I	The quarrel not did fire .
tr	O	My vampire feature were visible .
tr	I	You know , Chrissy and were I close , once .
tr	O	The author stated there were three lessons in life , the three things that matter the most .
tr	I	Look , we 've left you several messages last the couple of days and heard nothing from you .
tr	I	Tara and Alaina grinned at each other , knowing very well that their plan had gone rather well far thus .
tr	I	Perhaps her was luck returning .
tr	O	By the time Rusty got out , Marlene was already on the porch , a look of exasperation on her face .
tr	O	He motioned her farther away with a wave of his hand , and then he shifted , his natural powers even stronger when dragon .
tr	O	My voice then grew soft .
tr	I	I hear him fumbling with his other hand and then sound the of a condom being ripped open .
tr	O	Dan 's third pack member .
tr	O	Ethan knew the reporters close by had been waiting for this shot .
tr	O	Huge drops fell from the sky , the kind you saw only on a tropical island .
tr	I	So much in life stayed the same , while humans hurried through it , so that sure their presence made a difference or held enormous importance .
tr	I	She reached her hand out to the board to wall steady herself .
tr	I	All the years of guilt and pain knotted at the center my of chest .
tr	I	My boss , Dustin , says that what we 've filmed , and 's what been posted online , so far is pretty lame .
tr	O	She swished right and left .
tr	O	All her energy gone into the link , she slid to her knees .
tr	O	I ran to the front door , slid it open hastily , and nearly tripped out the door .
tr	I	Elodie turned opened and the top dresser drawer .
tr	O	Douglas grinned , ' I shall sit at your feet madam . '
tr	I	Then I uncontrollably shook and wept .
tr	O	She 'd never thought that being married to a lawyer would be amusing .
tr	O	As I looked back out over the blackened city , my thoughts were starting to run wild with everything that was going on .
tr	O	The final Mass was , if anything , more wonderful than the previous two .
tr	I	She sped up , gaining a couple of car lengths before the sedan came roaring up on them again , trying force to them off the road .
tr	O	In an instant , the planet was vaporized , leaving the moon like a strange , lonely marker of what once was .
tr	O	It felt good just to stand still and do nothing , high up and exposed .
tr	I	The food was raves garnering and the excitement was high .
tr	O	Barnes shook his head .
tr	I	I realized I wanted us to more be .
tr	I	If I wasn 't then sure I wouldn 't say it .
tr	O	Dreamer didn 't know what was wrong with her .
tr	O	That 'll give him the entire weekend to rearrange the upstairs .
tr	I	I step back into the doorway of the closest shop and watch the three boys older stroll down the street , cocky , kings of Southie .
tr	I	Melissa was smiling softly ; Chris was still wound tight as a bow string as he stared at hard Devon .
tr	O	There will be a state funeral of course .
tr	O	He had helped Oliver with the police and now he helped him get back into school .
tr	O	He couldn 't look at the female statue , couldn 't look at that face .
tr	O	I 'm sure I 'll be able to think of something you 'd like . '
tr	I	But the black figure was closing in with long , outstretched hands and a confidence that could only heighten own their fear .
tr	I	A nice soft bed with warm blankets and clean would sheets be her first choice from now on .
tr	I	I tried to jump out of its way , saving head my and face .
tr	I	But she kept voice her gentle , repeating quiet reassurances to the terrified holder .
tr	I	To my great there surprise was exactly one hit .
tr	I	Sophia asked as she settled her expensive Gucci bag her at feet .
tr	O	They drove back across the Seventeenth Avenue bridge , heading south once they reached the island .
tr	O	With Ezio close behind , he ran up one of the stairways leading to a high rampart above the main gate .
tr	O	She opened the card and read the contents .
tr	I	He said name her cautiously as she banged on the glass exclaiming they were coming for her .
tr	O	After the heavy rain of the morning , the ground was soggy .
tr	O	Jake never would have been turned by Vincent , and then wouldn 't have run away and met Nicole without it .
tr	I	Leaning over , he brushed the exposed skin of her neck with lips his .
tr	O	We must focus upon protecting our headquarters in London .
tr	O	I had to suck my breath in to rotate it before I could work at it with my fingers .
tr	I	He shakes his head and slows the SUV at stop a sign .
tr	I	I knew Gabe from the club country my ex belonged to .
tr	I	He gestured with sweeping a arm .
tr	I	I don 't people kill that way .
tr	I	The man in the really bed scared him , but his father had pushed him into the room regardless .
tr	O	Tad moves his gaze over to me and grips me in a fixed burning stare .
tr	O	For some reason , I couldn 't see his eyes ; the shadows cut them off .
tr	O	I 'm surprised something like that would even be allowed .
tr	O	Then , turning to leave , they heard something and , looking to the gap in the fence , both found it hard to speak .
tr	I	And he s ´ completely right .
tr	I	Angling himself in of front me , Jude stiffened further .
tr	I	That be would lying down dead , of course .
tr	I	Unfortunately , that still left quite a vehicles few .
tr	I	What had done I ?
tr	O	Chapter Fifteen The dream began as many dreams inside Faerie began for me , on a hill .
tr	I	My guess is that we will all get new leaders new and assignments .
tr	O	I got a firm grip on it and clobbered him over the head .
tr	I	What he did mind was the feeling uneasy that Zane merely tolerated him rather than enjoyed him .
tr	I	You can sit there say and you don 't want to try .
tr	O	Give us a shot at this .
tr	O	He had a fixed smile on his face and raised his hands as though trying to humour a madman -- or sell another house .
tr	I	Unfortunately , they could cause heap a of trouble .
tr	I	Lopez grown had up , and she didn 't like the changes .
tr	O	Oh by the way , your cute boyfriend is in the parking lot waiting for you .
tr	O	His arms tightened around me and he placed a tender kiss on my forehead .
tr	I	But he also felt good because knew he he 'd truly changed as well .
tr	O	I did need to keep a clear mind and a high energy level .
tr	O	Javier was in no mood to be quiet , wherever the setting .
tr	I	The two bikes suddenly disappeared as they dropped the into hole .
tr	I	The wind was pushing the sails from behind him , but here again was the wind his in face .
tr	I	He responded away right , like he was sitting with the phone .
tr	O	They emptied the trays of remaining food and then stacked them neatly on a nearby cart .
tr	I	She couldn believe 't she 'd nearly forgotten about it .
tr	O	He pushed her hand away .
tr	I	We serve as a framework the for nations of the Earth to work together .
tr	O	I laugh a little .
tr	O	He 'd never wanted to put the time and effort into another relationship .
tr	I	My mom cracked the door and open stepped inside .
tr	I	After class , Scarlett decided to a do little research .
tr	O	The fairy smiled at Echo and Shimmer so brightly , Echo knew she was in no danger .
tr	O	If I 'm close enough to you , I can mask your scent to a certain degree .
tr	O	It was an anxiety reflex .
tr	O	Kellan 's face , handsome and haunted , his soulful hazel eyes holding her in a gaze that seemed mournful , somehow heartbroken .
tr	O	I remained silent , ran up the stairs and sat in my room quietly to collect my thoughts .
tr	I	He watched her hungrily as she coated her fingers in her wetness own , then brought her finger to his lips .
tr	O	He set down his fork , wiped his mouth with his napkin , and stared at me .
tr	I	In curiosity I turned Mr. to Marlin .
tr	O	Not when her injuries were a perfect match to his .
tr	I	Frowning to himself , Garrett to tried pin down where he 'd seen her before .
tr	O	From his battle wagon , Darken smiled as he watched his reinforcements pouring into the fight .
tr	I	Would I okay be with that ?
tr	O	Glancing around , I saw that someone had left a covered meal tray on my palette .
tr	I	They had each been a dyed different color .
tr	O	As you know , we cannot afford to allow any of our order to lay hands on it .
tr	I	Joshua giggled , her pulling attention back to him .
tr	I	My body flies and up my head bumps the ceiling .
tr	O	Chapter 34 Jared tried to calm down and forced himself to breathe normally .
tr	I	Judith was the in room now , a butcher knife in her hands .
tr	I	I did so a without word , not looking at him .
tr	I	But never - and this was important - using any kind violence of .
tr	O	Leave it to Lise to find her something to wear .
tr	O	At that moment Clay would have tried anything ; he was starving .
tr	I	That night group the was gathered around the fire and Monika was pouring her eyes all over the book .
tr	I	In fact , the house reminded her a great deal Douglas of .
tr	I	Placing her on her bed in far the corner , he turned to leave .
tr	I	As you can imagine , the men all were thinking increasingly of home and they still had a very long way to go .
tr	O	She slipped on a patch of sand , and Finn groaned .
tr	O	Plus , I obviously wasn 't getting any reading done .
tr	I	All those years no with one .
tr	O	He hoped the translation achieved some degree of accuracy , but he cautioned himself not to be too sure of that .
tr	O	His arm tightened across her middle , his body turning suddenly rigid .
tr	I	Believe me , 's it quite a threat .
tr	O	' Well , I already know it 's magic , ' she continued , ' so I don 't need to check that .
tr	O	She was past the hospital , just steps from a McDonald 's .
tr	I	the child asked eyes with full of amazement .
tr	O	It will be so hard for me , but I can fight this , I know I can !
tr	I	Three without years any training had set me back behind every half .
tr	I	A policeman is always in a certain of amount danger , he explained lightly .
tr	O	He knew part of her was reveling in their volley match , but she wasn 't about to let him get off that easy .
tr	O	You can stay here and make a new life for yourself .
tr	I	Allie wanted to ask if he was seeing someone else , but right now she could only him accuse of drinking out of the wrong mug .
tr	I	To the keep rest of us safe , Morgan could not die .
tr	I	The shapeshifter flew right into the side of a parked car sufficient with force to cave the car 's door in and shatter all the windows .
tr	O	It cost Rico to admit it , but he couldn 't hide the truth from himself .
tr	O	It was his wife , Jolie .
tr	O	You could need huge self-control to give using drugs up , and I like it in you .
tr	O	He didn 't mention that he thought Salina wanted to murder him so she could take over his business interests .
tr	I	The brush that had caught fire below them had gone out quickly since there no were trees to ignite .
tr	I	For a man that hadn 't been around children much , seemed he to be fascinated - and pleased - by Eddie .
tr	O	You don 't give up , Evangeline .
tr	I	I don really 't care .
tr	O	Canute just kept crying .
tr	O	Paul and Amanda quickly caught up with the two kids and together they formed a loose line headed towards Riggins .
tr	O	I still hadn 't slowed , and if anything I sped up .
tr	O	Instead , they looked upon with admiration and awe .
tr	I	The she fear 'd held onto for weeks disappeared .
tr	I	But there was something Angelica could do and right now she didn 't give a damn for consequences the .
tr	I	And I will ask you not mention to our conversation .
tr	I	I didn 't even have a second to take in air even though I didn 't to need .
tr	I	Og ran with strength renewed .
tr	I	I 't don want to hear it .
tr	O	Clay 's chest tightened .
tr	O	He started shaking head .
tr	O	She simply surrendered to his dominance , her tongue dueling with his , a wild tango of mating .
tr	I	He took me by the hand again , and made we our way back to our picnic spot .
tr	O	The top of the fourth hill was different from the others .
tr	I	The is choice yours .
tr	O	Trust me to take care of you .
tr	O	But that darkness ... it 's just part of life .
tr	I	' There isn 't a way things be should .
tr	O	she said with a laugh .
tr	O	He leaned forward and lowered his voice .
tr	O	My hand wraps around his manhood , and I guide him inside me .
tr	I	She lunged at yet another man , knocking him to the ground before sinking teeth her into his exposed throat .
tr	I	When Gabriel put his head back down , nodded Robyn .
tr	I	How I did know ?
tr	I	Then I distracted myself with an extra long shower , followed by homework , a then book .
tr	O	But I didn 't know what you would do , Gwen .
tr	I	She decided to think about other things to distract her and immediately , strange eyes violet came to mind .
tr	I	You 't shouldn have come .
tr	O	LAUREN HEARD DAVID 'S CAR DRIVE UP .
tr	O	Zane glanced between them .
tr	O	So you might as well go outside .
tr	I	A sign emotional of healing ?
tr	I	Then she rested her head on his shoulder , her nose nestled against neck his -- she had to be standing on the tips of her toes .
tr	O	' There are always exceptions to any rule , ' she added to drive the point home , wanting the best for her friend .
tr	I	I fell and scraped my knee but hardly felt as it he dragged me onto my feet again .
tr	I	Take a in bath my room .
tr	O	They were the first soccer games he 'd ever attended , and he found himself caught up in the action more than he thought he would .
tr	O	And for every cold case they bring us , there are dozens of cases that they 've already solved .
tr	O	This wasn 't going the way I 'd hoped .
tr	O	I look up at her face .
tr	O	Something shifted in his eyes when she mentioned Joshua , and damn it , she would use whatever she could to keep that baby safe .
tr	O	A night didn 't go by when she couldn 't feel the evidence of his arousal .
tr	I	I heard Grey laugh from other the room .
tr	I	I it thought better not to ask but she volunteered .
tr	I	He muttered oath an as his honor faded away , overcome by a yearning so primal there was no denying it any longer .
tr	I	A harsh wind evicted has the fog , and thousands upon thousands of crystalline stars pour out their glory in a choir of radiant luminescence .
tr	O	With a humorless laugh , the Dark Lord patted Cassie 's cheek .
tr	I	He and his lackeys hadn been 't in Recife by mere coincidence .
tr	O	You 've got to grow up .
tr	I	Hell , I didn 't even know it existed outside of movies until I Shea met .
tr	I	Madison wished her own family hadn 't been torn apart , especially in such unusual an way .
tr	O	Then after their dad 's tragic death , their mother had taken over his senatorial seat .
tr	O	Ransom could never be sure whether what followed had any bearing on the events recorded in this book or whether it was merely an irresponsible dream .
tr	O	I only had my duffle bag and purse that I could easily carry .
tr	I	I HAVE A OF LOT WORK TO DO .
tr	O	As though reading my thoughts , my phone buzzes in my bag , and I dig through it eagerly , hoping for some escape .
tr	I	The doctor 's eyebrows went up into his hair as he looked back and between forth us .
tr	O	She ran her fingers through her streaky blonde highlights .
tr	I	It change could things .
tr	O	Just like you did for me , his tone said .
tr	I	I 'm trusting you take to care of Austin .
tr	I	Something moved the in wall .
tr	I	You 've them seen .
tr	O	He tried coaxing her .
tr	O	As Paul looks on , captivated by the scene , he sees an energetic glow pulsating and shimmering from the earth beneath the city .
tr	O	He 'd learned enough .
tr	O	I knew I wasn 't Eric 's only drinking fountain .
tr	I	Here and a there smear of ochre .
tr	O	Because that 's what she did when Someone needed help .
tr	I	Go back to dry your barren land .
tr	O	It 's a really old Oldsmobile .
tr	I	Rich brown hair shone under the soft of lighting the room , curling in waves across her silky shoulders .
tr	O	But Eleanor had ceased to look at him .
tr	O	He looked fit and athletic and was wiping a crossbow with a rag as the boys entered .
tr	I	I have to choose one the I made a promise to .
tr	I	She reached with out her other hand for him , but their momentum carried them apart .
tr	O	The wheels of the cycle touched down onto the deck and he glided slowly to a stop .
tr	I	Along the main body , and arms legs hung at unnerving angles .
tr	O	All four of his brothers were watching with a knowing look in their eyes .
tr	I	When I didn 't give him what he wanted he just laughed and dragged me towards fireplace the .
tr	I	Cole seemed as just lost as he was .
tr	O	I 've printed out a map online .
tr	O	One kiss did not seem so bad , she thought , as his tongue invaded her again , resurrecting her excitement .
tr	O	There were pieces of metal everywhere .
tr	I	I 'm sitting on the ground where it smells like ice metal and and dirt .
tr	I	He 'd a been walking mass of anger since Jobe 's death , keeping others , including his own family , at arm 's length .
tr	I	She didn hesitate 't , as if trusting me completely .
tr	I	Her stare colder grew .
tr	O	There seems no plan because it is all plan : there seems no centre because it is all centre .
tr	I	I leaned back , my closing eyes as his hand slipped into my panties .
tr	I	All my are men dead on that accursed trail .
tr	O	That should 've given me some amount of satisfaction , but it only made me more miserable .
tr	O	If she 's worried about your happiness , she 's probably a very nice person .
tr	I	Suddenly the heat of his skin was mine burning .
tr	I	There are also reports of UFO sightings being on moon the , even by the astronauts themselves .
tr	O	As he drove down I-95 , he passed a big mall , which he guessed would be quite a good place to look for one .
tr	O	How do you even know where to start looking ?
tr	I	This time , when he pressed his wrist to her lips , she did resist not .
tr	I	I 'm going definitely all in for this now .
tr	I	He didn 't specifically the mention attempts on her life - not in front of Lee and Clarence - but the rest of us understood .
tr	I	Her desk was always rather organized like chaos .
tr	I	As he spoke , Agent 's Briggs face became more animated .
tr	O	Michael sat down and turned on the TV .
tr	O	I wanted her expertise and advice for this new endeavor .
tr	O	He glanced over at me as he turned through the deepening dusk onto 146 , now free flowing with light traffic .
tr	O	I couldn 't wait for this mission to be over with .
tr	I	The flares sun killed a lot of people before they could escape to the north or south .
tr	O	I couldn 't help but ask .
tr	O	The most she 'd ever gone for was a prize worth fifteen points .
tr	O	The demon could not turn in time to block the attack with his other arm .
tr	O	Michael 's feet came free of the floor .
tr	O	One of the most interesting men I met was Robert Schiffer , head of makeup at Disney Studios .
tr	I	Finding Leopold was to going be a job .
tr	O	Without fingerprints it became exponentially more difficult to determine who he was .
tr	I	High above them , the rode eagle the winds .
tr	I	The cancer evil of deeds .
tr	O	I just managed to make this Ron guy , one of the biggest guys in my new school , hate my guts .
tr	O	She looked up at him , confusion creating lines on her otherwise smooth forehead .
tr	O	the voice chided them .
tr	O	Now I have a lump on the back to match the front .
tr	O	The sleigh roared through the snow , leaving rolling trails in the sky .
tr	O	Rebooting , like I 'd turned myself off and the computer within me was resetting itself .
tr	I	I suck in air .
tr	O	I bit my lip as I turned to the last boulder , shaking out my shoulders .
tr	I	My father will talk for of both us .
tr	O	Now this only made sense because my mother had been reading tarot since a child and it was a part of our family tradition so to say .
tr	O	I 'd lose that too .
tr	I	A cool person find would the humor and share it with everyone .
tr	I	He placed a strand of her hair brown behind her ear .
tr	O	No more waiting around for life to happen to me now .
tr	I	We have cut as DNA much as possible .
tr	I	I didn 't know if Martin would like the hairstyle , but it struck as me very fashionable .
tr	I	Going into the laundry room , he closed the door so the sound of his voice wouldn carry 't to the bedroom and dialed Finch 's cell .
tr	I	I mean , my mom and dad have been married for a long time and thought I I knew what I was doing .
tr	O	He was getting closer .
tr	I	From memory I think the towers were built to assist with the battles internal .
tr	O	A girl in front of Emily with cornrows in her hair nudged her friend .
tr	O	Nothing could have suited my purposes better .
tr	O	Any normal person would have collapsed long ago .
tr	O	The orphan placed the statue on the middle point .
tr	O	She smiled and resisted the urge to remind him how often she 'd heard that before .
tr	O	Elizabeth fastened her own seat belt , put the Mercedes in gear and reversed out of the parking space .
tr	O	Most people still partied on at the reception .
tr	I	If they were the latter , she likewise couldn 't imagine a feeling client comfortable around bodyguards who looked like mass murderers .
tr	O	asked Ransom , with a faint hope .
tr	I	I a take huge gulp of my drink .
tr	I	Besides , the monsters were still far away , and that object was far too big to an be arrow anyway .
tr	O	She wanted to think of Cale .
tr	I	They left on her the floor and found the money in the flour crock , took that and ran .
tr	O	I didn 't want to know .
tr	O	Where exactly was Kirsty ?
tr	O	But she wouldn 't forget the message for a long time .
tr	O	I swung the door open only to find the classroom empty .
tr	I	Compassion dictates we that must make allowances .
tr	I	I in was his bedroom .
tr	I	His erection for begged attention .
tr	O	She rolled her eyes and gave me a disgusted look .
tr	I	Though the marble floor beneath him would suggest that he was inside a building of some sort , other no evidence supported it .
tr	O	If you call concealing the truth lucky .
tr	I	My fingers traced the outline of the bandage my across forehead , arguing with Toby when my words failed me .
tr	I	It worth was everything that I 've been through .
tr	O	His h * ps sank deep between her legs , and a fierce shot of pleasure arched her back .
tr	O	Luke 's voice was very even , but I could detect a note of resignation .
tr	O	When he finally released me , I saw his eyes were wet with emotion .
tr	I	He pretty sounded mad .
tr	O	She stepped toward him .
tr	I	Cordelia glances once at Ervin , then toward the dark cliffs that loom on one side of the beach , and finally to moves Serena .
tr	O	She looked away from Adrien , feeling more confused than ever about this world she 'd just entered .
tr	I	Brennan finished his beer in silence and then placed the empty bottle on coffee the table .
tr	I	I was surprised that the girls hadn 't my spotted camera on the dresser or my bag sitting on the chaise .
tr	I	He at looked her .
tr	O	She tried not to choke , had to hold herself together .
tr	O	He didn 't realize how hungry he was .
tr	I	She indicated the people and animals them around .
tr	I	There were two officers in car the .
tr	I	His own voice sounded squeaky , a like cartoon character 's .
tr	I	She shouldn 't enjoy this so much , told Julie herself .
tr	I	When it was clear that had Charlie no more to offer , the conversation turned to how the administration would handle the matter .
tr	O	Feeling a little bit better about things she felt able to get out of bed .
tr	I	These things can 't end well anyone for .
tr	I	Leave the halls and caverns deep , Leave the northern mountains steep , Where forest the wide and dim Stoops in shadow grey and grim !
tr	O	It enraptured the eye of the weak .
tr	O	She bucked against his hand .
tr	O	The dark elf looked up with tears in his eye .
tr	I	Lily stared at article the .
tr	O	She was swept up and back against Samuels as if she was a child .
tr	I	One by one , members entered the booths as if they were voting in national a election .
tr	I	The Sword 's touch seemed to spill cold through her veins , sending sizzling particles ice through her arms and legs , numbing her hands .
tr	I	My granddad wouldn believe 't me when I tried to explain later .
tr	O	I heard the door opening and sat the phone down on the bed next to me .
tr	I	Maybe he 's joking after all , but I 'm not going to let this moment slip between away my fingers .
tr	I	A of scroll some sort , with burned edges like a pirate 's treasure map .
tr	O	It would be easy to stop .
tr	O	And then she saw what was making it .
tr	I	He gave fork the to his father .
tr	O	He told himself there was no reason in the world to think Chelsea was in that stable .
tr	I	Fathers usually were , but not always , identified .
tr	I	' Hey , 're we nearly there now . '
tr	O	Jayden held up his fist and punches Sean .
tr	O	Aside from that we 're making bigger ripples on the back of this single launch than Dave Whitaker could have anticipated . '
tr	O	And on that note , I must leave you , for I too have somewhere else that the world at large considers I ought to be .
tr	I	They hadn 't been watching us , not we that think , but the doctor 's intentions must have been reported .
tr	O	She seemed so vital , so present .
tr	I	Her was voice brittle with an edge of fear .
tr	I	I walked into the kitchen and my asked mom if she had seen her .
tr	O	His hands were in my hair , down my back , lifting me up and holding me against him .
tr	I	They removed his from notepad his own pocket .
tr	O	Why is it so important ?
tr	O	And the house shouldn 't take too long to build if we all do it together .
tr	I	He turned , met my eyes , then away turned as quickly .
tr	O	The Little People have told me .
tr	O	I walk away quickly , my flip-flops slapping against the asphalt .
tr	I	But the candles didn go 't out .
tr	I	I walked over him to .
tr	O	No one knew who 's side he was on .
tr	I	' You let people take advantage of you , it 's been always your problem .
tr	O	Bowe felt sweat dotting his brow .
tr	O	Only I was coming up too fast on the backside of the pontoon boat .
tr	O	I also know that I 'm not taking any rules from you .
tr	O	Madhu screamed as we grabbed an available high top with four stools .
tr	I	All she think could about was Tami .
tr	O	She wondered how she 'd missed seeing it .
tr	I	As her eyes adjusted to the lack light of she could just make out steps leading down to the sub ground basement .
tr	I	Zeke waited as Max grabbed a robe from the and chair seconds later opened the door .
tr	I	' My name 't ain Einstein .
tr	I	The silver was fox hungry .
tr	O	Word order is similar to English , but adjectives generally follow the noun .
tr	I	Skyler and blinked found herself sitting at the table , an empty bowl of soup in front of her .
tr	I	Making shooing motions with her hands , she chased us from the room and slammed the door us behind .
tr	I	The music was faster and stronger , feeling more a like nightclub .
tr	I	He tried to attack once again , but he firmly was in the grasp of the person behind him .
tr	I	She could not even find a trace of it .
tr	O	I have no idea how hard I threw the gun but it was enough to separate the man 's head from his body .
tr	I	I glanced over for Jack reaction 's , but he looked away .
tr	O	But at the same time , you want to feel like you already know her .
tr	I	Something easy that he couldn burn 't or completely destroy .
tr	I	Seriously , who did think he he was ?
tr	O	Instead , his voice sounded cool .
tr	I	The calm sea grew angry and began to batter the that rocks Alessandro stood on .
tr	I	She walked closer and the saw woodcut graven onto the page in stark black lines .
tr	O	He also looked like a human-sized marionette with his bib , candy cane suspenders , and handlebar mustache .
tr	I	Nick took another step Vane toward .
tr	O	Lili took a step forward , her voice low and soothing .
tr	I	She gave a me pointed glance .
tr	O	A few people avoided her , but in a group this large and with the night to hide subtle emotions , the slight wasn 't as obvious .
tr	O	I went outside and found the little slut having a cigarette .
tr	I	The boys , by this point , are off taking their shirts .
tr	I	The thing that was bothering me the most was color his .
tr	O	' I 'm feeling a lot better , all right ?
tr	I	Leon : He an 's amazing man .
tr	I	The real-life lights were a little dimmer , the and real walls were scuffed and marked here and there in ways the sim 's walls were not .
tr	I	I 'd back go in the forest , but with the new moon approaching it 'll be too dark .
tr	O	She wanted to be tested to see if she was suitable .
tr	I	Her whole body began to tremble the at thought of it all .
tr	O	He was a liar and a cheat , and the biggest favor he did any of us was to die and reveal his double life .
tr	I	Without vampires to kill , your business won 't be quite as I lucrative imagine .
tr	I	I can indulge 't myself .
tr	O	I wanted to ask him why he was trying to make fools out of both of us .
tr	I	She reached for file a on Mike 's desk and pulled it out .
tr	O	They were drawn to him , like I was , whether they liked it or not .
tr	I	She then gave Evie a theatrical wink made that her blush .
tr	I	And Savannah heard the echo a of scream .
tr	I	Then he folded his arms behind his head and grinned up at in her a challenging smirk .
tr	O	Farnsworth made a choking sound and abruptly rose , turning his back to face the other way .
tr	O	Brooke finally pulled back to reclaim her chair .
tr	O	Brewer gave him a long hard look , cop to cop .
tr	I	Especially now that Papa had managed to plant his very own spy her inside house .
tr	O	Annabelle was sweet and she was in love with Liam , a boy just like her .
tr	O	He looked at the corpse .
tr	I	He was as different from the men Josie used date to as Baxter & Associates was from the kind of law she used to practice .
tr	I	It was one lawn big .
tr	O	Creeping up one stair at time , she was careful to miss the third step that always groaned beneath the slightest amount of weight .
tr	I	When there , stutter I step at the door in danger of humiliating myself with an embarrassing fall .
tr	I	I my shook head , not understanding him .
tr	O	It went down smooth .
tr	I	And we shared a of love caving .
tr	I	In two blinks the bell rang and was class over .
tr	O	I don 't know how to turn the valve and open that part of me .
tr	I	And that was the only explanation I got as he led me down our onto dock the large white sand beach .
tr	I	Haven wrapped her hands around a thick strap of that nylon was bolted to the wall next to the door .
tr	O	However , Alex had barely finished pulling on her sweater when she 'd suddenly found herself tugging it back off and heading for the shower .
tr	O	You should have cleaned up your mess .
tr	O	Once he delivered the sheep , he would receive payment in full .
tr	I	The walls , stripped of their mildewed paper , revealed numerous areas patched .
tr	O	Shifted her weight from one hip to the other .
tr	O	Time was running out he knew .
tr	I	It 's cheapest the dorm and the one farthest from everything .
tr	O	He 'd considered slamming his head into the concrete wall , but that was no guarantee of death .
tr	O	Suddenly a scream shattered the peace .
tr	O	The idea was almost laughable - and yet it wasn 't .
tr	O	She picked him up and scratched his head .
tr	O	No question about it .
tr	I	The man outside was a hauling heavy metal garbage can across the alley to the high brick wall that ran around that part of the graveyard .
tr	O	Even though the kid was in his teens , he still had a tear in his eye .
tr	I	The in wrinkles her forehead scream disbelief .
tr	O	he cursed inwardly , ' Something else to clean up . '
tr	I	With every inch , felt I those metal studs drag along my tender skin , like the sweetest torture I never wanted to end .
tr	I	The officer who recorded very the first contact said the individual he spoke to was Caucasian .
tr	O	She had left home because she wanted something different , wanted to spread her wings and try living on her own .
tr	O	I had to agree .
tr	I	She smirked , poked finger her into that dimple in his left cheek .
tr	I	It had been a whole two to three minutes , most at .
tr	I	There was a of sound scree falling beyond some rocks just ahead .
tr	O	She failed , he thought .
tr	I	They had passed a few Fae on Vine Street and no one spoke or gave even them a second glance .
tr	O	That is not very nice .
tr	O	He reached out and took her chin gently in his hand , turning her face toward him in the dark .
tr	O	Did he treat Evie with the same attitude ?
tr	I	Jack his released arm .
tr	O	And what he said at the city council was a lie .
tr	I	A trail of wispy curled smoke from the tip of a cigar , held in his left hand .
tr	O	I 'm not saying it 'll be easy .
tr	O	Celaena found him waiting in her dining room when she emerged , her hair dripping water onto the floor .
tr	I	A walks handler in .
tr	O	The tears that had been shimmering in her eyes were now running down her cheeks and I kicked myself for taking so long to respond .
tr	I	Eric came her behind , his leopard 's breath loud in the still air .
tr	I	He couldn 't wait to crawl into a sporty two-door coupe or convertible and take for it a test drive along the quiet county roads .
tr	O	Her laughter as well , was as rich as her voice and unbelievably musical .
tr	O	It was crouched over in the cave and had two legs and two arms with a human shaped head above .
tr	O	Thomas just wasn 't sure what sort of predicament it was that he was in yet .
tr	I	He searched his pockets the for keys .
tr	O	What few personal items she has are in a dry box , lashed down to withstand the currents that invade her space during high tide .
tr	I	A of sense comfort .
tr	O	We will always remember this as a story with passion .
tr	O	Despite the boy 's olive complexion , it looked to Thomas as if Minho 's skin shone like white fire .
tr	O	Actually , he 'd always thought Gordon was his last name , not his first name .
tr	I	That 's what I want know to .
tr	I	I jerked up in bed , turning to look at barred the door .
tr	I	He smiles slightly as I and pass his gaze doesn 't waver from mine .
tr	O	I 'm not a stalker or anything . '
tr	I	They chatted on as travelling do companions , and she wondered , with a wry smile to herself , how much truth she was getting in return .
tr	I	Amy carried power the of positive thinking right to Jake 's office .
tr	O	There was a playfulness of the healthy body that was only now solidifying after being dissolved in a bath of back bumps and body slams .
tr	I	I walked softly to the other side of the lobby and peered down the hallway to second the half of the courts .
tr	O	It was like a smaller cut , when it doesn 't hurt until you see the blood .
tr	O	I curled up against her and she put her arm around my shoulders .
tr	O	Rika scanned the long hall .
tr	O	I 'm really sorry about Alison .
tr	I	She was only feeling , amazed how at perfectly his body fit against hers .
tr	O	Tipped back his glass and swallowed the burning liquid .
tr	O	To think of you out there by yourself .
tr	I	Two holographic cylinders materialized suddenly on either side of the stage .
tr	I	It was as if the had corridor widened into a heaven of its own .
tr	O	But it hung only to her mid-thigh .
tr	O	That night twelve years ago had been dry , but otherwise he was looking at nearly an identical scene .
tr	O	She drew even closer to Marius as if to stand with him , regardless of what he meant to do .
tr	I	The whole was concept foreign to her .
tr	O	It could wait a few minutes .
tr	O	Jude glanced wildly from one side to the other as his horse teetered and fell with the rope still tying him to the steer 's horns .
tr	O	My uncle Musa was different than the rest of them where I did not know him as well .
tr	I	We 're here at Leopard Academy , the top acting school the in whole world .
tr	O	What if Del had been some kind of psycho ?
tr	I	I 've already checked star the charts to translate the distance I need to navigate .
tr	O	She heard Dante call out .
tr	I	Antonia explained about Brett and how he didn 't of approve her career choice .
tr	O	Sam running toward her for a pretend hunt had been scary enough .
tr	I	I to turned Edward , who sighed .
tr	O	You 're not answering , and your phone 's going straight to voicemail , so I 'm guessing you 're not even listening to these .
tr	I	Did recognize it me ?
tr	I	I promise to you give time and space .
tr	I	I smirked when I that said , momentarily remembering a dream version of Lil threatening to beat up Josh .
tr	I	But he started putting the charm on me , and I ignored that warning feeling about him I because hadn 't learned to trust my instincts yet .
tr	I	In that one hour she learned more her about husband , and Beppe , than she had ever known whilst married to Kevin .
tr	I	Then Iona took off her clothes and them hid .
tr	O	Alistair smiled and wagged his index finger at him .
tr	O	The front gates looked to have been smelted from unfettered silver as they glistened in the late afternoon light .
tr	O	I get in before the elevator doors close .
tr	I	With bright eyes , shoves she the number into my hand .
tr	I	We knew you listening were .
tr	I	I tried to give it to him but said he he wasn 't hungry anymore .
tr	I	Anne Marie broke a roll of quarters added and them to the register drawer .
tr	O	It matures for a couple of weeks and then voila , they dig themselves out and instinctively walk to the indoctrination center .
tr	I	They so are kind .
tr	O	Now , it was time to do it all over again .
tr	I	The thing only that 's changed is my name .
tr	O	James has always been a special friend to our family , and we were so happy to find out about his marriage .
tr	I	Don 't ask me why I took this away from the conversation , I did just .
tr	I	Noah sensed how stared Mariposa at the natural flex of muscles in his back and neck as he shifted his weight on his feet .
tr	I	Life ends eventually so fear why death ?
tr	I	In glass the , I saw my reflection .
tr	O	They must have just journeyed into this land .
tr	I	I heard crunch the of dirt and twigs behind me .
tr	I	Instead she held her grin as if to emphasize her wit ... ?
tr	I	More than anything , I wanted him kiss to me again , to take me in his arms .
tr	I	His gaze hers met sharply .
tr	I	I launched into the cover story I 'd worked with up Gillespie 's help .
tr	O	Lucan had his arms around her .
tr	I	Jolene felt a rush remembrance of at that , a sweet longing for her life before .
tr	I	Her hair was cut very short , with bangs , and was it a glossy brown that contrasted well with her heavy gold jewelry and orange dress .
tr	I	Allie teared suddenly up .
tr	I	He was to used being heeded , his word not being challenged .
tr	O	I stuck my gun out , then my head .
tr	O	She wobbled her bum up to the door and slowly lowered her legs to the ground .
tr	I	As the orange prevailed , he to had wait for her to finish her slow , relishing chewing .
tr	I	Dylan 's shoulders slumped and he returned to bed his .
tr	O	The vast cavernous space was filled with machinery .
tr	O	It wasn 't what I wanted though .
tr	I	Have been any set free ?
tr	I	I about thought Julie .
tr	O	He flicked open the blade and leaned over in one movement .
tr	I	Nobody else had gotten in line , and people passed eyes with cast down .
tr	O	I had to take some risks and use up some favors , but I now know of a way to return you to the Beyond .
tr	I	He stopped kissing her , pulling back to look in her the eyes once more .
tr	O	Roni was built in many ways like a human .
tr	O	Ida and Abby made their way down the dock .
tr	O	Everything about that question was wrong .
tr	O	Well , that and the peculiar mailbox in front of it .
tr	I	He knew he had no but choice to do what he was told , and it drove him crazy .
tr	O	Aimee wasn 't a criminal who stored cocaine or top military secrets in her closet .
tr	O	Silence enveloped the gigantic space , enfolded them .
tr	O	My ankles were strapped down .
tr	O	Each screen had a different scenario that a student was dealing with and in turn the screens were responding to their actions .
tr	I	Well , until baby that is born .
tr	O	Anyway , I end up talking with the Army and Marine recruiters .
tr	I	Was he nothing told her true ?
tr	I	Jennifer kept head her lowered as they made it to her car .
tr	O	There 's not a chance in hell I can sit up here while those wolves tear at you .
tr	O	A shadowy figure slipped through the door at the far end of the barn .
tr	O	The blanket was pulled back to reveal the oddest looking creature I had ever seen .
tr	I	There was no way could we stay away from each other .
tr	I	And tonight , when she met 'd his family , it had seemed as though she belonged ... How could she have been so wrong ?
tr	O	Holding the tomato to his lips , he bites it once more .
tr	O	Was his dad talking about this or about normal stuff , like how to drive a stick shift and tie a fisherman 's knot ?
tr	O	He had never seen a black person that he could remember .
tr	I	Alex shoots him glare a as he touches the cold blade to my skin .
tr	O	She met his eyes , and he nodded .
tr	I	God knows who has he been speaking to .
tr	O	I couldn 't think about that right now .
tr	O	Today I am meant to maintain the golden tether between two people .
tr	O	I had no idea the effect I had on him was this strong .
tr	O	He gave a short , hesitant laugh .
tr	O	' And you are certain that there is nothing else ? '
tr	O	Her eyes rose momentarily to scan the restaurant .
tr	I	Have you weight lost ?
tr	I	Justus moved , one deliberate boot step at a time , in the 's sound direction , raising his weapon and holding his breath .
tr	I	The true scientist was required suspect to complexity .
tr	O	If he could understand anything of what was happening , could he distinguish that hurt from his hurt and anger at Stefan ?
tr	O	I 've considered a lot about this but I haven 't could choose -- the girl put two barrettes to her hair .
tr	O	My house sat in a large wooded lot , all by its lonesome .
tr	O	Tony laughed , pulled onto her street .
tr	I	An indistinguishable creature out reaching to him .
tr	O	Thomas kept silent as Alexander , Commissioner Winston , Xavier and Alexis discussed their options .
tr	I	Tasha drew her slender blade and advanced on the dragging men the prisoner behind them .
tr	I	Michael slid his around hand my neck and pulled me closer to him .
tr	O	However , recently , the PRA has been lobbying hard for better conditions and more aid for Murderers .
tr	I	Which was why he 'd to decided take an extended break .
tr	I	I called out his name and searched his small guesthouse , but I didn 't hear or him discover .
tr	O	However , Raj had to return to his hostel .
tr	O	There 's a gap before he actually speaks and , when he does , his voice sounds tight .
tr	O	The older students began to descend the high school 's majestic stone steps across the commons , interrupting Ali 's big announcement .
tr	I	Now that was he standing there next to Anne , he was suddenly tongue-tied .
tr	I	They weren 't much than younger us .
tr	O	Rage flared red at the edges of my vision .
tr	O	The doors shut and they were alone .
tr	I	He was wheezing and gasping for breath , and this from sprinting maybe or fifty sixty yards .
tr	I	I need obtain to some information .
tr	O	His head was turned down with growing frustration .
tr	I	He had to battle poisonous the vines with a simple knife while his trainer brought up the rear .
tr	O	I should 've waited .
tr	I	It a was complete bluff .
tr	I	Dragged to edge the .
tr	O	My heart skipped a beat and a smile curled my lips .
tr	I	The doorway noiselessly slid open as pair the approached .
tr	I	The cosmos can be seen by eyes many , but there 's only one star , that everyone looks for .
tr	I	I know that sounds stupid now but at the time it right felt .
tr	O	When he touched her thigh , her body moved towards his hand .
tr	O	He participated with several Danish ships in a Viking raid on the land of the Franks .
tr	I	It took him about ten seconds long too to realize that she 'd already picked her out prey .
tr	O	She was driving to pick up a friend for breakfast .
tr	I	She turned around one or twice to get a glace of us , the girl had very makeup heavy on and clumpy mascara .
tr	O	In the distance the familiar sirens blared .
tr	I	Between the two passes stood a mountain tall with a sheer face , which reminded him of the crash .
tr	O	He looked at the youths and shrugged .
tr	O	His future lay heavily on him here .
tr	I	In case shit the got thick .
tr	I	And was that the first slug in my lettuce sandwich -- but not the last .
tr	I	Eric remembered Diego 's grim enthusiasm about causing a diversion at the front gate if necessary , and he wondered if Diego was taking care that of .
tr	I	The air in the sanctum was cooler much than the air out in the corridor .
tr	I	When she upset was , she couldn 't eat , whereas Frank ate all the time , no matter what was happening .
tr	O	Angelina nodded her head , though she didn 't believe it for a second .
tr	I	But I push the thought away , clinging to Realm he as lays me in my bed .
tr	O	Sitting on the table next to his bed was the book Diary of a Wimpy Kid .
tr	I	Taking a step backward , Kata held up a clenched fist and chanted soft beneath words her breath .
tr	I	There been 's mention that he might be on drugs .
tr	I	They were together and was that enough .
tr	O	Can 't wait for tonight 's nightmare .
tr	I	Summoning the Source once more , I let the energy crackle my down arm .
tr	I	He doesn 't look happy , but seems he decided and steady .
tr	I	It was of silvery some fur , beautifully warm , but not as warm as the rage rising within him .
tr	I	She at grinned his antics .
tr	I	Cora drops the and screwdriver gasps .
tr	O	The cops looked back and forth at each other .
tr	O	Who would be so brazen as to bring the war between Heaven and Hell to Earth ?
tr	I	Lives that were would lost remain lost .
tr	O	But neither one does that anymore .
tr	O	It was a while before she spoke .
tr	I	Dan had care taken of everything .
tr	O	I could not speak : a horror took possession of me .
tr	O	His tormented expression answers me , before his choked words .
tr	O	His brother had been counting on his allegiance , but this was the one time he would not have it .
tr	I	As ordered , transaction the proceeded under complete radio silence .
tr	O	You should have stayed and comforted your father and mother .
tr	I	I pulled my .38 my from coat pocket and held it down at my side .
tr	I	So , paid they .
tr	I	Angel forward stepped once more .
tr	O	I pressed my lips into a smile and glanced down at the sheet on my desk .
tr	I	The young men of G5 moved quickly from building the to the van .
tr	O	A multi-layered cake with thick frosting and some gooey filling to make it even sweeter .
tr	O	She came to us -- much like she had in the tree farm , and confided .
tr	I	He let that thought fast die .
tr	O	His hand twitched as he shifted into fourth .
tr	I	We no 've time to waste .
tr	O	I have this room that appears not to exist and I think ghosts are living in there ?
tr	O	Instantly , the temperature in the room dropped so fast that steam billowed out of everyone 's lips as they breathed .
tr	I	She on froze the spot and gasped .
tr	I	He stayed the in shower a good forty minutes , washing his hair and scrubbing away the stink of captivity .
tr	O	Look , the break in the meeting is over .
tr	I	He struggled the against guards when they led him away from her .
tr	I	The room quiet remained , no other nominations being made .
tr	O	The king and queen faced everyone in the throne room .
tr	I	He using was a condom anyway .
tr	O	Xavier tapped keys on the keyboard in the offices of DX Security .
tr	O	Without a knock , the door quickly opened and in stepped Forsythe with two men who had flat , official expressions .
tr	O	I distantly hear myself asking if she would like anything to drink .
tr	I	He finally caught me studying him and he grinned , his expression teasing he as stepped near me .
tr	O	Opening her eyes slowly , a blurry vision of an almost empty room greeted her .
tr	O	He takes a deep intake and releases it .
tr	I	He 't couldn remember if he 'd brought a jacket with him and seemed surprised when the waiter appeared with his and hers .
tr	I	He shakes head his .
tr	I	Her ... teacher her dad 's little brother ?
tr	I	A shout second directed their attention .
tr	I	One word from me and St. James will your throw sorry ass out of here .
tr	O	She is sure that she knows who left the gate unlocked .
tr	I	The parade would never end him for .
tr	I	I shift my rucksack on back my .
tr	I	I work and hard play hard .
tr	O	Dimitri was one of those people who was regularly pictured in society columns and the women he escorted wore beautiful gowns and were confident and poised .
tr	I	He needed me be to his anchor as much as I needed him .
tr	I	It wasn 't even November and it already felt cold enough snow to .
tr	O	Maybe that was it .
tr	I	It didn 't seem that possible so many people inhabited the base .
tr	O	But ... but that was impossible .
tr	O	Then she realized it was Holt who echoed the plea erupting in her head .
tr	O	The moment of death had to come sometime .
tr	I	The Cursed Sun : Two centuries after the Final War , civilization struggles to from rise the radioactive ashes of the new Dark Ages .
tr	I	' For can courage just as easily turn into folly as it can turn into glory .
tr	O	Was that why it affected him , too ?
tr	O	They set a time to reconvene and then split up .
tr	I	I take swing a at my bag .
tr	O	Jane 's smile came back .
tr	I	Nor he was liked in town .
tr	O	He looked at Iris .
tr	O	Tam took a deep breath , and the anger seemed to suddenly flow out of him .
tr	O	And all because mine is only worth one journey .
tr	O	The children were in bed and Ewan was working late .
tr	O	She pursed her lips .
tr	I	Austin was more impressed with that Aiden than 's sword fighting , but she didn 't say that .
tr	I	He couldn 't change the lush , softness rosy of them .
tr	I	I glance at the door and wonder what 's waiting for on me the other side .
tr	O	Low voltage or no , I had to stop him .
tr	O	Vin kept her hand at her side , trying to stop the blood .
tr	O	There have been moments when I have seen her distress over the things in her past .
tr	I	had risen in no small part to Lloyd 's telling her about all the had man done for him personally .
tr	I	I went in the bathroom shucked and my clothes , tossing them into the hamper .
tr	I	You here are to get along , and get along you wil .
tr	I	Alec drew his sister 's hair one over shoulder and tugged gently at it .
tr	I	She know 'd about Jess .
tr	I	He reluctantly to turned face her .
tr	I	Then one time they tried to blame me for some money down problems at the station .
tr	I	We tumbled to the blanket , lips and hands and breaths gasping .
tr	I	Whisper had mixed emotions about Agent 5D and could not make up his mind if he liked or him not .
tr	O	The headmaster will never know what hit him .
tr	I	Before Rina could reply , jarring the ring of the phone startled her .
tr	I	Clary took his just hand as Valentine paused at the steps of the dais and turned to look directly at her .
tr	O	Obviously , an organisation like TGN was big on security ... well , it should be , reasoned Kathy .
tr	O	It was pleasant tasting , and seemed to soothe him .
tr	O	It should have crushed him , but he wanted to laugh .
tr	O	They admitted that she 'd pulled out of the crisis a lot better than expected with no sign of any permanent damage .
tr	O	I couldn 't turn from the door to look at him because I knew if I did , I would burst into tears .
tr	O	Okay , I 'll just ask simple questions and you nod yes or no .
tr	I	She was anxious play to ball and graduate .
tr	I	I tried everything that experience and means the at hand made available .
tr	O	Don 't let her see you crumble .
tr	O	I tried to blink the tears away , but they were coming too fast .
tr	O	There could be a war just when Mikhail is trying to make peace with these cretins .
tr	I	Her life was bleeding in out front of us .
tr	I	She had a feeling if she brought it up to her dad , he 'd find an to excuse drive them both back home .
tr	I	What Kat saw Hale was .
tr	O	It was the weekend , and nobody would be out here for a couple of days .
tr	O	She wondered if she should just bang on the door until someone inside let her in .
tr	O	What could possibly pay for this ?
tr	O	Tony retracted his hand and folded his arms across his chest .
tr	O	There was the first time they met when she tripped over one and he let her ride him home .
tr	I	There was on silence the other line .
tr	I	Like a typical man he showered , dressed and ate breakfast before she finished 'd doing her makeup .
tr	O	He wanted to start their future together , all the happy nights , months , and years they would have together .
tr	O	All that long day the earth shuddered , jolt after bone shaking jolt .
tr	O	I couldn 't take the silence anymore so I began to sing softly in the darkness .
tr	I	He a 's criminal , which means he has a price .
tr	I	His fingers clenched the around sword .
tr	O	Cole had helped him once .
tr	O	Nothing about this night was funny .
tr	I	I didn 't hear a sound as I through barreled the second floor .
tr	O	One eyebrow slid up in a sardonic expression .
tr	I	Liz didn 't the fight flow of action .
tr	O	He 'd been standing at the back of her class , waiting for her , when it happened .
tr	I	She peered through the frozen lace that sparkled as would stars fallen the from blackness of a cold winter 's punishment .
tr	I	When I added nothing , he realized that he ask should me a question .
tr	O	Mrs. Bidwell 's countenance again changed -- from one of sudden shock to one of recognition .
tr	O	I could get angry drunk Ric , or emotional drunk Ric .
tr	O	Five or six of them , led by someone very tall .
tr	O	He looked so otherworldly standing there that it sent a shiver down my spine .
tr	O	she asked him , just to be sure .
tr	O	I shook my head .
tr	I	I write it for down her .
tr	O	He 's another short one .
tr	O	I didn 't have time to think , just react .
tr	O	* Jason watched as his sister cracked open the front door and peeked out , the blood draining from her face .
tr	I	Before he could lay down , she quickly up sat , surprised she even could .
tr	O	I wanted to know what they looked like .
tr	O	It was built a few years earlier and sat low to the earth , almost built into a hill .
tr	O	She didn 't answer , just battled the urge to sink back into him , into the warmth she enjoyed even now without touching him .
tr	I	William 's shirt soaking was with blood before his eyes .
tr	O	Had I taken a wizard 's potion that transformed me into an all powerful killing machine ?
tr	I	Sam chuckled , leaning against the kitchen counter , spinning his fork on a plate to snag the last bite of and spaghetti sauteed zucchini .
tr	I	She me gave a proud smile .
tr	O	He opened his mouth as though he was going to say something but then clamped it shut , his jaw ticking as he ground his teeth .
tr	O	One of them , a swarthy man with sharply etched features and dark eyes , seemed to be staring intently at Oliver .
tr	O	He was trying to sneak a look at the title of Cynthia 's book .
tr	I	But as the days rolled by , the sensation in my lower stomach every time I thought about it , terrible and chilling , grew intensity in .
tr	I	The offered attorney Julian a fountain pen .
tr	O	Just being around her in Washington and then again today on the plane , his thoughts had continuously returned to their night together .
tr	I	To be twenty-five years old and still a virgin ... it was unheard of to knowledge his .
tr	I	The warriors who would take the first were shift already here .
tr	I	Maybe could I get away with calling him Remy .
tr	I	I wanted to tell her that I was sorry , but that would mean 'd I have to acknowledge everything that had happened .
tr	O	I 'll fly over .
tr	O	The gutter press greets us like conquering heroes .
tr	I	She saw staring Daren at her .
tr	I	His voice soft was .
tr	O	The last thing she wanted was to give Cammie false hope .
tr	I	Although Aya had become used to this , she normally also washed at Kya the same time .
tr	O	Carlotta suppressed a smile .
tr	O	She reaches out to pinch my elbow .
tr	O	Then she turned her back .
tr	O	' Well , what do you know ? '
tr	O	Alonzo and Sandra had returned to Vancouver , but Alonzo only lasted three months in his new job .
tr	O	I got married and the life didn 't really agree with having a family , so I went to night college and then Officer Candidate School .
tr	O	Deuce asked as he turned and gestured at the two prisoners .
tr	I	He 't didn speak , placing his hand on her shoulder .
tr	O	When the silence became too much for me , I peered up through my lose strands of hair at him .
tr	O	She was so perfectly beautiful , so soft and so fragile .
tr	O	He moved forward , pushing past Tessa ; she reached to hold him back , but he shook off her reaching hand with a flick of annoyance .
tr	O	A searing pain tore through my lower back .
tr	O	Stefan rose to his knees .
tr	I	Was this really happening , was or she dreaming it ?
tr	O	She kept her nose buried but her eyes began to look for mine .
tr	O	He had no time for that kind of maudlin introspection now .
tr	I	And so for a hundred years followed that a race for the clues and pieces began .
tr	I	Maybe I 'm just as foolish every as other girl caught in the throes of sexual attraction for a powerful man .
tr	I	With one look at the table , her expression into fell a forlorn look .
tr	O	Cybele stared at him .
tr	I	He standing was at the bottom of the stairs , watching the street .
tr	I	He and chuckled kissed my forehead affectionately .
tr	O	Two days past , their call for aid went unheeded .
tr	I	He had a nice face ( and was that putting it mildly ) .
tr	O	She rises and walks across the room .
tr	O	I sunk to the ground , for the net , the spider 's web of cruelty , was as heavy as a hundred stones .
tr	I	The soldier 's scent there was too .
tr	O	We slipped inside and were immediately stopped .
tr	I	A woman was dead , a military wife and mother a of young child .
tr	I	Don 't your open wings !
tr	I	I did not know how long it would take for the to air be cleared of it .
tr	O	It 's not happening .
tr	O	No way , I was on to them .
tr	I	With half a bottle of inside whiskey him and his heart pounding with the tension , he couldn 't think straight .
tr	I	Snake his removes shoulder holster and ammunition band , wrapping them tightly into a towel to keep out the sand .
tr	O	The dangling fabric parted around a woman waiting on a backless couch .
tr	O	The thudding noise filled every inch of space in the room around her .
tr	I	Michaels ' voice cut across the argument as Reid was rising furiously his to feet .
tr	I	Marcus watched old his friend begin to pace nervously , and knew from experience that when William moved so restlessly , he was in deadly earnest .
tr	O	I really didn 't know what to say to her , so I opted for the easy way out .
tr	O	After few seconds , Jyoti didi picked up my call .
tr	O	Not a good image for the crew , he chided himself .
tr	O	Most of the young men who died were in their twenties or thirties -- the prime of life , as we like to call it .
tr	O	Kai 's girlfriend attached herself to Austin 's side as soon as they were both out of the classroom .
tr	O	Then he concentrated on driving .
tr	I	Like going through some Temple ancient to be sacrificed .
tr	O	Apparently she was a fan of his latest video game .
tr	I	His flared eyes and my breath caught .
tr	O	They wouldn 't know there was something wrong , they couldn 't .
tr	O	We were just talking about him getting out of the house more .
tr	I	The speed demon behind the wheel of the other car was smiling from ear to ear and waving Joe at .
tr	O	Do they point to something bigger ?
tr	O	asked Private Henry Smith .
tr	O	He sat with his legs shoulder width apart and shifted his weight towards her .
tr	O	I don 't want to lie , but I 'm scared of telling the truth .
tr	I	He proceeded to make out the ticket , got the forty pounds , presented and them both in exchange for the diamond ring .
tr	O	He 'd shared this room and that bed with Sarah for over two years .
tr	I	My accelerated heartbeat instantly .
tr	O	He would 've had service once he reached Libby , but he didn 't have the phone itself anymore .
tr	O	' It 's been super fun talking to you , but time for you to go . '
tr	O	I loved that about Lucky : she was the sort of girl that would dance with me in the rain , without worrying about getting wet .
tr	I	Maybe it was irrational , but I wanted to erase anything that could possibly harm her , anything that harm could the baby .
tr	O	Sweat was pouring off of me .
tr	O	They ate in silence for what seemed like an eternity .
tr	O	' I 'm sorry , but I must speak now there 's so little time left .
tr	I	He shook his head and laughing , told me that was Matt still having a quiet relationship with Rachel .
tr	O	Everyone seemed to be in a festive mood , and for the time being , everyone had stopped staring at Kylie 's pattern .
tr	O	It was becoming a part of him .
tr	I	I didn 't want to beat a dead horse with this so I decided to just drop it and wait see and what would happen next .
tr	I	She wrapped her legs around his , her draping skirt them both , her bare feet on his thighs .
tr	O	The bouncer immediately recognizes Landon and waves us through .
tr	O	Tom and Jenny blankly stared at their plates .
tr	O	Heather suggested that he allow those of the Forest to carry his pack .
tr	O	They passed the ample corridor that leads to a spacious balcony .
tr	O	But it came at the expense of everything Paris had ever wanted .
tr	I	He was somewhat surprised at the distance the driver had travelled in the last minutes 30 .
tr	I	All was quiet , as the blood of the two seamen ran down the walls and from dripped the ceiling .
tr	I	That have might been the first time you took a risk , and it paid off .
tr	O	Now certainly Bilbo was in what is called a tight place .
tr	I	Its stank body of death and decay .
tr	I	I couldn 't stop myself in time before mind my jumped to my father .
tr	I	He reached into his pocket and pulled a out large folded piece of paper .
tr	O	The layout of this room fit the description perfectly .
tr	O	Tension dissolved from her kinked muscles .
tr	I	He dropped her , and she had no more hit than the ground when she saw Lucas attack .
tr	O	Frank had asked her to pick him up from Inverness station at ten this morning and she was already regretting having said yes .
tr	I	Before her little mouth had completely turned down to initiate crying , Casey was up and out her of chair .
tr	O	The Goddesses could never trust her .
tr	O	I gave myself plenty of buffer time , so I 'm going to play it safe .
tr	O	It 's not like him to be so irresponsible , and endanger the lives of others just to prove a point .
tr	I	He tried to look as though he interested were in what she had to say .
tr	O	But as the minutes tick by , it seems less and less likely .
tr	O	Sofia gasped and run towards the fault .
tr	O	A voice he didn 't recognise picked up and stumbled through the greeting .
tr	I	They society kept safe .
tr	O	Mandy flashed a cruel half-smile .
tr	I	He rocked back against the pilot seat , breathing fast , his chest rising falling and .
tr	O	Dew was already forming on the grass and I felt it saturate my thin satin slippers .
tr	O	Miraculously , I seemed to be the only one with a broken bone , though everyone else had a lot more cuts and bruises than me .
tr	I	He pulled the wounded away arm from me .
tr	O	He said you never knew when a rampaging maniac would come smashing through their privacy fence and carry them off .
tr	O	Passing on irritants through her milk .
tr	O	Amy reached up and deliberately streaked globs of green finger paint on Ross 's skirt .
tr	O	Gasoline and matches are very common substances .
tr	O	She takes a deep breath .
tr	O	The rat had crept back into the center of the room .
tr	O	Drake and Drew were grimly silent on Lissa 's statement .
tr	O	We 'd like to see what you look like in a big , formal wedding dress .
tr	O	He could feel a breeze touching his body like the wings of a dove .
tr	O	She closed her eyes and shook her head .
tr	O	Maria and Claudia looked shocked , and although Maria let it go quickly , Ezio could see that Claudia was wounded and offended .
tr	I	We really shouldn 't be talking this about here .
tr	O	Lina didn 't ever want the new wolves to leave .
tr	O	She stared from Anna to me , the grey eyes wild .
tr	O	His look dared her to deny what he said .
tr	I	Harald his shook head .
tr	I	Roth smiled a little as he rose , taking hold a of my arms .
tr	O	She remembered her own house burning to the ground , consumed by rising , bright red flames .
tr	O	He laughed out loud .
tr	O	To ensure this , the weapons integrators had devised an ingenious system using adjustable physical barriers in the traverse mechanisms of each weapon .
tr	O	She cringed , afraid she 'd feel the same surging emotions she always had in his arms .
tr	I	I he knew suspected it was part of why I was so upset .
tr	I	She fly 'd for the rest of the night .
tr	I	He played by feel , both in his fingers and in mind his .
tr	I	I a take seat and look up at Carrie .
tr	O	But that did not apply to Thor .
tr	I	She was a gorgeous blonde-haired , girl blue-eyed with curves in all the right places .
tr	I	Which left Hazel to the face brunt of her irritation .
tr	I	' You 're not going to make me do that , you are ? '
tr	I	I destroy will you .
tr	I	I opened my eyes find to Maximus crouched over me .
tr	O	The idea of him living so far away from us -- well , that 's just the way things are .
tr	I	Try this punishment a few times your and desire for fishing takes a decided nosedive .
tr	I	With sigh a , I headed home .
tr	I	There was no really coming out of this relationship now .
tr	O	The werewolves were searching the floor above them .
tr	I	She takes one look at me and the fades smile as she rushes toward the bed .
tr	O	He had been going to say something , but he knew Jordan would not want to hear his protests .
tr	O	You could manipulate the interview quite easily if you wanted to .
tr	O	A hush had descended on the crowd .
tr	I	He held the bottle up his to eye and jostled it around .
tr	I	He only turned into a glow stick things when were serious .
tr	O	The quiet sound of the rustling wind weaves through the air .
tr	I	The crowd exploded in frenzy a .
tr	I	Fat Charlie 's dressing came gown through the door .
tr	O	Was he a lesser owner than Cassian and Stefan ?
tr	O	The gun feels heavier than it did earlier .
tr	O	God covered all sorts of mysteries and sins of omission .
tr	I	He then raised his hands high above his head and a bright green beam of liquid light rushed toward up the clouds above .
tr	O	I usually avoid describing race , and prefer instead to let readers form the image in their own mind .
tr	O	He slid his arms into the sleeves of his shirt .
tr	O	Her breathing deepened as the magic flowed through her , and her features seemed much more relaxed .
tr	O	But her opinion of making love had improved once she met Rex McCready .
tr	O	Angela responds in kind with a glee in her voice while there is no response from Zach .
tr	I	For the first time was there some reluctance in his voice .
tr	I	The name on the was card mine , of course .
tr	I	Street lights from the banks the of river cast reflections in the water .
tr	O	There was no question which was most important .
tr	I	But they 're dreams just .
tr	I	Skye breathed out in frustration , breath her creating a little cloud in the frosty air around them as they continued toward her house .
tr	O	The nasal voice of Alana shot through my thoughts like a drill .
tr	I	I don 't think her about because you 're all I think about .
tr	I	It was strong and soothing in way a I 'd never noticed .
tr	I	He a took deep breath .
tr	I	She could see clearly in the darkness , examining the tightly constructed cell then and Father Hummer 's worried face .
tr	I	He gives me a hook left , right in the cheekbone .
tr	O	Tallis huffed out a small chuckle .
tr	I	It was time I paid a visit to the office of Stars The and Stripes , the best and only newspaper in Gatlin County .
tr	O	The masked face tilts curiously to one side .
tr	I	she asked as she and Suave sat huddled close to the speaker on the phone , intent on catching every word that P.I. the said .
tr	I	Right across his shoulders were medium horizontal sized wings .
tr	O	Surprised because she didn 't have a clue what she was doing .
tr	O	Now that you 've released this pain , you can start healing .
tr	I	He considered this , recognized the truth of it , and decided it was time to a take chance .
tr	I	And for another , only Warriors of the Blood were known through those all ancient myths and legends to have experienced the ritual .
tr	I	A chuckle vibrated against body my .
tr	O	I just wish he would admit it when I ask .
tr	I	I gasped at shocking this incongruity , then another great wave battered the hull and my head snapped downwards .
tr	I	Sophia sent her into magic the fourth disc , directly behind her .
tr	O	Don 't tell anybody anything .
tr	O	She slowly opened her eyes ; saw the same play of bittersweet memories on her mother 's face .
tr	I	What few things I had left only were enough to fill two trunks , which were taken away this morning .
tr	O	What could it mean ?
tr	I	The soldiers next to them were at also a loss .
tr	I	He had accidentally everything spilt , including the fact that he was an assassin .
tr	O	' So , you are not a real blond - I suspected all along - you are far too clever . '
tr	O	The village was surrounded by cornfields .
tr	I	Yes , did she .
tr	I	A gentle hand her stroked hair .
tr	I	My feet were flying forward , my eyes locked ahead straight , but suddenly something jumped in my way .
tr	I	He out held his hand .
tr	I	I started to up get to walk him to the door and he stopped me .
tr	I	It wasn 't a to stretch assume I was speaking to one of the three Fates .
tr	I	She nodded and settled comfortably more in the passenger seat .
tr	I	Tavis was not behind far .
tr	I	Watching her light up at the chance , I a had feeling she felt the same .
tr	I	She stood on her toes , eager to feel her body against his , not sure what do to next , afraid of the feelings going away .
tr	O	Then without warning he turned the car sharply into a driveway that seemed to be obscured from the road by bushes .
tr	I	In the kitchen , the den , the short halls and steep staircases , the walls white are and unadorned .
tr	I	He looked up at Mad Dog wide through , surprised eyes .
tr	O	In the short time since we 've been sitting , it 's already gotten darker , though the sun hasn 't completely disappeared yet .
tr	O	She was distracted from her musings as her stomach let out a petulant growl , demanding sustenance .
tr	I	Two were others destroyed when the human 's ships blew themselves up .
tr	I	I lose my balance , fall back onto my ass , and champagne goes all Ethel over 's blue dress and me .
tr	I	He held a in map front of Connor 's face .
tr	O	Max sounded cocky , as always .
tr	O	They 're not weird , or a cult .
tr	I	She spends her days raising two boys , home-schooling them , and in between the hustle and bustle , writes she .
tr	I	It a was home like most of the others along the street : not exactly well tended , but not a shack , either .
tr	I	Sean his presses lips gently to mine and a surge of guilt nearly strangles me .
tr	O	The Gala occupied a portion of the front page .
tr	O	There were some kids partying on a boat , kids from the city .
tr	I	She wasn 't much taller than me , she but didn 't seem short as she came around the bed to face the men .
tr	I	She Who Not Must Be Named should be able to take time off if she needs to .
tr	I	As they were slowly swung open Emily decided instinctively that a bowed head and downcast eyes might get her into less trouble in this place .
tr	O	The tail of a sea serpent was hit .
tr	I	I hated the fact that he seemed completely baffled by whatever he had discovered my in cells .
tr	O	' The war the idiots call the war between good and evil -- which really depends on which side you 're on , doesn 't it ?
tr	O	No other man would ever be able to hold a candle to him .
tr	I	Marie comes and crawls through my legs , and I can 't laughing stop .
tr	I	Thoughts were somehow more real than they were before , like he could out reach and touch them .
tr	O	She ran upstairs , leaving her parents in bewilderment .
tr	I	Whispers were starting humans amongst and we were on the verge of being exposed .
tr	O	You won 't find enough food or water to withstand a siege , which is why I won 't take us all up there .
tr	I	The of events the morning weighed heavily on Connor 's mind , but he also needed to focus on the predicament Billy was forcing him into .
tr	I	Against her will , she brought her own eyes up to his meet amber ones .
tr	I	In the end , it took them a day and half a to finish separating and vaccinating the cattle .
tr	I	Then , moving to the various openings that led to tunnels , scattered she the tiny pieces of the amulet before heading down the nearest passageway .
tr	O	I relaxed into the power of each stride and focused on the timing of my requests .
tr	I	Have you ever been involved in any legal matter with any of lawyers these ?
tr	I	Let Ewan try to her save .
tr	I	Chris had taken position up on the other side of the door .
tr	I	I don 't him want to try harder .
tr	I	One by one , we our used various talents to free ourselves from Madame Helena 's claws .
tr	O	The man on the right shouted while moving forward to grab her .
tr	O	Today 's raid was focused on food and medical supplies .
tr	O	He must stop taking her against her will .
tr	O	I looked back , watching the base disappear until it was only a speck off in the distance .
tr	O	Alice seemed to be in an unusually bad mood .
tr	O	And they 'd shared one statement and a brief handshake .
tr	I	Aimee nodded , her round eyes .
tr	I	Though the dirt was like blue dust the rest of the scene familiar seemed .
tr	O	Where I was mentally , then and now .
tr	I	' How she can help ? '
tr	O	Every year new homes were built on a slope once covered by chaparral .
tr	I	But I don 't know I if 'll play this year .
tr	I	My curtains are thick , and need I to trust them .
tr	O	It was just she and Christian , and he was going down .
tr	O	Instead of his having to calm a hysterical woman it was she who had kept a level head and kept him going .
tr	O	There had to be a way to keep him from reading her mind .
tr	I	He found over twenty stories that may have something to do the with events that led to Jesse Taylor 's madness .
tr	O	He slipped through the door just before it clicked shut and emerged on an unfamiliar street .
tr	I	She packed everything so she would be ready to go when the were others .
tr	I	What this did woman want , anyway ?
tr	I	But he connected the with jury .
tr	O	I laughed and approached her .
tr	I	James struggled to maintain his though calm the visitor irritated him to no end .
tr	O	She followed him into the elevator .
tr	I	At I least knew good people were taking care of him .
tr	I	I may light my and t-shirt see if I can smoke that in a minute .
tr	I	And more important , what had it to done him ?
tr	I	Like she used to , back she when wasn 't fit to lick his boots .
tr	I	Her sofa was to supposed be delivered before lunch , and she was nervous .
tr	O	Hank freed his fingers from Leslie 's and covered the few steps to his son quickly , holding out his arms .
tr	I	There were a other few problems .
tr	O	Jake laughed at his own joke .
tr	O	She sank down onto my lap and gave up all pretense of dancing when she wrapped her arms around my neck .
tr	I	I know a few games though , used that to be popular .
tr	I	Under the rising din , Bishop 's lips peeled back from his teeth , the baring tips of his emerging fangs .
tr	I	I fumbled around until I where found the alcohol had been moved to .
tr	O	Claire opened the door .
tr	I	She scanned them as she composed herself , catching brief glimpses of and Celia Dominic , but the others were shielded from view .
tr	I	Harriet nodded , unable find to her voice .
tr	O	He must think these guys are my friends who have come to save me .
tr	O	Feeling no desire to look ahead .
tr	I	Call it hard work or a miracle but every kitten gets shipped it when 's supposed to .
tr	O	A minute ago I was parched !
tr	O	He was an odd duck .
tr	I	the boy said with huge a grin .
tr	O	The thumping of the music filtered to the cool air outside .
tr	O	He shook his head and chuckled .
tr	O	It was touching for him to be so sweet to a criminal .
tr	I	Gregor hadn 't meant to make him feel worse than he did already .
tr	O	She opened the cupboard and froze .
tr	I	He stepped away from the Sword hilt to stand back beside the statue Kathryn of Flint .
tr	O	She looked up at her ship as she was reeled in .
tr	I	She to started chuckle at the sound of her own voice .
tr	O	Lia stood up and stared down her nose at him .
tr	I	The more I think of it , more the likely it is that April was the Inspector .
tr	O	The main objective is to tweak already existing psychoactive pharmaceuticals so that they are more effective on people with paranormal senses .
tr	O	The smile removed ten years from James 's mother 's face .
tr	O	But that could not be the only path here , not with all these people .
tr	O	Talk about a punch in the gut .
tr	I	So they went on and on , through and pine beech forests , uphill and downhill .
tr	I	The room was a light and cheery place which captured the sun 's needles of light and them spun into prisms and rectangles of luminescence .
tr	O	They filled the space around them to capacity .
tr	O	There 's a little rust on both sides .
tr	O	When he got to the ring , Tyson swung the chair at Joey 's head .
tr	I	Quitting a job you hated one was thing .
tr	O	Despite the traffic , the sky above was empty .
tr	I	It was inevitable with all the taking changes place in the neighborhood .
tr	I	At the sight of me , Shane and sighed pulled me close once again for another moment .
tr	O	Stop being so damn stubborn , thinking that you can never love anyone again .
tr	O	Jason couldn 't in all honesty believe she 'd try the same tactics on him .
tr	O	Her name is Delilah .
tr	O	It was a risk to try the eastern shore since neither of them had traveled that way before , but they were desperate .
tr	O	I yearn to find again the one who saved me .
tr	I	When she paused for another moment long , Blake felt doubts begin to creep in .
tr	I	Certainly all would transactions have to pass through his hands .
tr	I	She found her voice , wanted hear to if she could speak .
tr	I	Rachel places chin her back on my chest and flutters her eyelids like it 's a struggle to keep them open .
tr	O	He rolls his head and pushes me toward the fence .
tr	O	Crime scene technicians poured over the walls and the carpets .
tr	O	But none of them had a reason to involve her in it .
tr	I	He leaned his head against the vain strength of the stones and himself wished dead .
tr	I	I picked up one of pizza my rolls and had my first bite .
tr	I	He guessed where the stairs were , moved and .
tr	I	But I 'll leave the under key the mat . '
tr	I	His were lips so close .
tr	I	I 't didn laugh at this idea , because that 's what I 'd thought too , before Mr. Hall showed me otherwise .
tr	O	The stone was absolutely impenetrable due to its ancient magical properties .
tr	I	And he 't didn kill me .
tr	I	Gwen pounced the on word .
tr	I	He heard a cracking sound directly above his head , he looked up to see a burning wooden collapsing beam from the roof .
tr	I	Rolling my back shoulders , I approached the warden 's desk .
tr	O	The ropes around my wrists were tugged , and I cried out .
tr	I	With an effort I looked to up her face .
tr	O	Alvin approached her and she started slapping him .
tr	O	Mortimer closed his eyes on a sigh as he realized that Decker had read his thoughts , something he normally wouldn 't be able to do .
tr	I	She looks different though , her long hair blonde is now cut super short and she 's not wearing some trashy outfit like she used to .
tr	I	Zack killed had a man .
tr	I	I was to afraid move .
tr	I	So keep we going .
tr	I	Gina Bethany and were snuggled up next to Raptor and Luke , and didn 't notice me come back .
tr	I	I hadn 't had any idealistic dreams in a long very time .
tr	O	The newest recruit felt otherwise , drilling the other workers for their knowledge of more hectic times with the company .
tr	I	A quick scramble through down the rocks and she was striding along beside the creek , heart high .
tr	O	I turned back to look at Mike , flicking just one finger toward the rock so I could watch his face as it exploded unexpectedly .
tr	I	Even if she had the strength , she could not to hope wage the kind of war required to right this wrong .
tr	O	To disturb that stillness would place everything in peril .
tr	I	All I could do was shake my head as I balled my into hands the back of his shirt .
tr	I	They during came the dark hours .
tr	I	We had gotten closer but I still wouldn 't have Jenna trusted with this and Bret had never liked Cade .
tr	O	Slowly , slowly , she sat down .
tr	I	Surely you 've of heard me !
tr	O	And I won 't harm you to keep you from telling him .
tr	I	It only took minutes for the consistent humming of the rotors to put to me sleep .
tr	O	Sean no longer denied that .
tr	O	Then her gaze settled on me .
tr	I	Eric suggested his friend do some inappropriate things to himself then down trotted the path towards the parking lot .
tr	O	Sadie and Cassidy screamed their heads off in excitement as they took off their clothes and jumped into the ocean with their tiny bikinis .
tr	I	My whole body steaming is .
tr	I	After minute a or so she looked around and smiled .
tr	I	And really you have nothing to worry about , seeing as though you really haven 't shared any details about your evil plan yet .
tr	I	A fresh hundred dollar bill , and he whisked us the in opposite direction of the hotel .
tr	O	She smiled up at him lazily .
tr	O	Practice more , go out patrol ing the campus , keep people safe .
tr	I	He reached hand his out and clasped it around hers .
tr	O	When all the free scope of the anchor line had been pulled in , they were no longer able to turn the windless .
tr	I	As Jordan and Erin ducked through the small doorway , he cast final one glance around .
tr	I	I a stammered little .
tr	I	That and too much whiskey is what the started fight .
tr	O	I used to love to push a plane to its limits , to test its strengths and my abilities .
tr	I	No sooner was he across than the tree he been 'd on creaked , and fell to the ground .
tr	I	Tom figured that Cody wouldn 't need any help so he his turned attention to the group that exited the palace .
tr	O	He hadn 't called .
tr	I	Her fingers were pressed to lips her .
tr	I	Each question posed to them was answered quickly , professionally and , in some cases , with a bit nice of humor to break the tension .
tr	I	The speaker was a large man with hair black , and a vivid scar on one muscular forearm .
tr	O	The man speaks into his chest com .
tr	O	I formed my hand into a tight fist .
tr	O	It seems like I need to be strong right now .
tr	O	I 've always tried to avoid them .
tr	O	The darkness retreated from her approach until Rachel reached the door to the main training room .
tr	I	It was easier that way , and his with horse obediently following the rest of the group , he was able to remain close .
tr	O	Grant gave a humorless grunt .
tr	I	It only took a second then and the other circle glowed in precisely the same way .
tr	I	Liam picked up it and stared into his brother 's face .
tr	I	I your like hair .
tr	O	Good , he was alive .
tr	O	Finally , she flipped open the file .
tr	O	Shortly after that , the sounds of destruction in the distance began to taper off .
tr	I	She to hurried the front of the cell , holding the bronze bars as best she could with her bound hands .
tr	O	I placed the bikini on the bedside table and then started to fix my bed .
tr	O	I turn to walk back .
tr	O	Alicia shoved him backward onto the sleeping bags , walking playful fingers down his chest .
tr	I	His attempt to downplay success was ignored as both bottles of beer been had opened , and one handed to Craig .
tr	O	What shocked me though is that he was upset about it .
tr	I	Samantha would gone have crazy .
tr	I	Luis was Brazilian enough to know things how worked in the archaic corners of society .
tr	O	The men stood in silence for a moment .
tr	O	In a well advanced civilization one could , perhaps , tap into that energy and draw on it .
tr	O	A silver corset with sheer cut-outs in all the right places hugged her body .
tr	I	I wasn 't surrounded by an this army time around .
tr	O	I stay that way for minutes , perhaps hours , perhaps long days .
tr	O	I lifted my h * ps to reassure him and he slid inside me .
tr	O	Perry 's a young man ; he doesn 't need any burdens .
tr	I	It was long a day .
tr	I	What did she mean important by though ?
tr	I	Some days I do want awful something to happen to you .
tr	I	Thing is though , a man can 't build a future on of any that partying and shit .
tr	O	We 're one big family now .
tr	O	... Rebecca smiled at Miranda and bent over the girl 's little toes .
tr	O	Jordan put the cooler on the kitchen counter .
tr	I	She quiet was on the way to the County morgue .
tr	O	Rarely had she experienced this kind of contentment and uncomplicated happiness .
tr	O	When we were in front of the exit Berne finally decided to speak .
tr	O	You 'll be assigned to a partner , and his clients will become your clients .
tr	O	I walk out of the room with Onyx right behind me , as usual .
tr	O	With shaking hands , she moved her fingers to the buttons on his shirt .
tr	I	She was she afraid wouldn 't be able to stop .
tr	I	So what you will do now ?
tr	I	Markman ran full and out reached roof 's edge just as the scaffold came free and swung away .
tr	O	She stabs the orb attached to my arm and the effect of its release is a full-body numbing .
tr	I	Unable to stop herself , grinned Alix again .
tr	I	Before Kaitlyn could reply , her father them joined .
tr	I	She 'd ditched him to go on the with run her cheating , evil ex .
tr	I	But I will remain to make sure the Jews safe are .
tr	I	Robin held receiver the away from her ear and stared at it for several seconds .
tr	O	The babe was turning again .
tr	I	I would never get used to the feeling of him inside me , stretching me and filling and me being perfectly there .
tr	O	How am I going to save anyone ?
tr	I	He pulled the covers him over and disappeared .
tr	O	So if someone drove by or happened to be watching he would be easily seen .
tr	O	I considered this , following his chain of thought .
tr	I	I sensed a humorous in inflection his voice even though his eyes remained blank .
tr	O	I can 't exactly pin point where my relationship changed with Knox , but it has .
tr	O	I tried to cure him , without success .
tr	O	I lean into the bar and order bottled water and a soda .
tr	O	After all , this man didn 't know she was his cousin .
tr	I	Listen to me , Dua ; melting is a together putting of the minds , too , and that 's much harder , much more delicate .
tr	O	' He 's crossed into Dorset with a large force of cavalry . '
tr	I	I so 'm sorry .
tr	O	But the words left him feeling ill .
tr	I	She did want not him to forget this moment .
tr	I	The minister called over a novice and asked if she was about to go the to refectory .
tr	O	She fell asleep in his arms .
tr	I	One of the from men the corner was standing over her , reaching down for her and looking uncertain .
tr	O	I placed my hand on her arm .
tr	I	CHAPTER 15 Cassie panted rapidly for air that she didn 't require as she shot upright bed in .
tr	O	A lawyer 's nightmare .
tr	O	Studying the hillside , he felt a prickling sensation , halting movement until recognizing what was seen .
tr	O	Even though I couldn 't see anyone in the room I knew it wasn 't empty .
tr	O	He could almost hear the conversation .
tr	O	She stepped in behind him and saw Corrado standing by the bottom of the stairs .
tr	O	I shook my head before I realized she couldn 't see me .
tr	O	Apparently the ride here had taxed his frail body .
tr	O	He scanned his surroundings and saw a lady in a colorful sari , adorned with simple jewelry , walking toward him .
tr	I	As soon as the were words out of my mouth , I spotted another problem and groaned .
tr	I	We walked slowly down the towards beach the water .
tr	I	I clearly wasn 't someone he expected 'd .
tr	O	Ice knew Nik expected a reasonable answer so he did as his mentor suggested and considered the words Nesbitt used .
tr	O	I just heard about Gary and Jennifer on the radio .
tr	I	David knew how to treat her ; he was only the person Isaac had ever secretly envied .
tr	O	Who she belongs to .
tr	O	No need to have someone start asking why the King 's Champion was going into the library looking like she was walking onto a killing field .
tr	I	She whipped her hair out of her and face , purposely disobeying , swung high .
tr	O	Someone might mistake you for a drug dealer or a pimp .
tr	O	The last time Roy had talked to Hannah , she 'd been on the road in search of a fresh start .
tr	I	It was almost midnight when Michael kissed her at doorway her .
tr	O	Now there 's my department .
tr	I	I consider adding like late your son fancied but figure that might be more foul than the situation requires .
tr	O	My lips parted as I struggled to slow my own breathing .
tr	O	All she ever worried about was other people , and I was one of her highest concerns .
tr	I	I couldn 't do it that or smoothly with that much subtlety .
tr	O	We should make it appear as normal as possible so that they don 't become overly concerned about you remaining here .
tr	O	There was that image again , that image of the mother 's body and the twins .
tr	O	The sweet , faintly coppery tang of blood mingled with the fragrance of the flowers that lined the altar .
tr	O	From very far away I heard Op Nine 's voice calling me .
tr	O	She peered back in the room remembering what had just happened .
tr	O	He touched my cheek and wiped away a tear I didn 't notice I 'd shed .
tr	I	He hung around there for a few days , but his was presence not well received .
tr	O	Racing down the hall toward the small anteroom , I was breathing hard and thinking clearly .
tr	O	She looked terrified , to tell the truth .
tr	I	Mark words my , Amelia .
tr	O	I was about to return to my place when my bowels rumbled then roared .
tr	I	Scottish poet lyricist and .
tr	O	He wasn 't allowed to compliment me .
tr	I	As the of two them marched into the bank , Alfie did his best to sound authoritative .
tr	O	If she was honest , she was still afraid his sexual interest had come too late to feel authentic .
tr	I	She might not walk at away all .
tr	I	Had they Gabe heard 's final taunt ?
tr	I	A of pair young men .
tr	I	He smiled at knowingly her .
tr	O	And then , slowly , the realization sank in that the big man was talking about nothing more than pinecones .
tr	O	Not that she would have minded , but she felt that Aunt Meg and Uncle Jack might have some reservations about her marrying outside her church .
tr	O	Manfred would have given a lot to know what she was seeing .
tr	I	Reid ordered himself a Crown and Coke and her a Cosmopolitan even though she didn want 't it .
tr	I	In fact , felt it an awful lot like a cell .
tr	O	The band which confined her blue-black locks was set with glittering jewels .
tr	O	Mar didn 't know him well but he agreed to help .
tr	I	A bottle of holy water a and makeshift stake ?
tr	I	Wait ... drink to ?
tr	O	His fist closed around the keys .
tr	O	There was a knock at the front door .
tr	I	She took a small back step .
tr	I	Sugar exchanged a look with Tully whenever got Patty to this point .
tr	O	Something will always happen to save you before they can really damage you .
tr	I	We have to use conceivable every scenario on this one .
tr	I	Their weapons arrays however , did not signs show of life .
tr	I	' I think it was punch the sir .
tr	I	He stood in one corner the of hotel room with his hands in his pockets trying to pretend he was not paying attention .
tr	O	Her large eyes shimmered .
tr	I	I now saw exactly what I had come all way this for .
tr	I	He grabbed a cold bottle of beer and took a swallow long .
tr	O	Rosemary glanced at the others .
tr	I	Maybe I read too many crime books fiction .
tr	I	But the was sky dark and the stars , invisible .
tr	O	She and Gerald exchanged glances , and as one , they turned to Eric , who looked back at them blankly .
tr	I	My supplier 's been making noises for a while now about trying to renegotiate contract our .
tr	I	They were all looking at her as they if weren 't quite sure what she would do .
tr	O	Standing in the dark doorway , Gansey whispered Ronan 's name , and then , when that got no response , spoke it aloud .
tr	I	All anyone wanted to do was knuckle and down work to survive .
tr	I	Nope , seeing not things .
tr	O	The difference between the town of Goma and the houses along the lake was astounding .
tr	O	I shook my head .
tr	O	He sat on a couch in a house that looked similar to the one he was just in .
tr	O	My eyes darted over the crowd I was supposed to train .
tr	I	Tentatively Claire put one foot on the first of planks the and the whole structure shook as if a force seven earthquake had just hit Windermere .
tr	I	he at looks me .
tr	I	She stares at the target for moment a , then fires .
tr	O	There is only one way to know for sure and that is to get a look at it .
tr	O	I held Luke 's hand and practically skipped down the streets of London .
tr	I	I remembered some of at them Chris 's wedding .
tr	I	The sounds of their footsteps finally haunted my trail and were gaining on me as I flew trees around and over rocks .
tr	O	Say you came across it and knew it belonged back in its rightful place .
tr	I	I never could understand what he saw her in .
tr	O	At last reaching the end of the report , Liam hastily signed his name and shoved himself to his feet .
tr	O	However it now showed me that the blackness was perhaps becoming less dense and I was positive I could almost feel some warmth on my bare arms .
tr	O	I lean my head against the fence .
tr	O	Wolves were big and scary and so fluffy , how could anyone resist hugging one just to feel all that fur ?
tr	I	I sank back onto my heels , sobs my coming in gasps .
tr	O	Couple that with no sleep and the leftover guilt from having hurt Simon ... she needed a change .
tr	I	We have passed the of mouth the Oder , and now we must go north to bring us around the peninsula .
tr	I	Now you follow will me .
tr	I	It wriggled now , free from its cage , I and remembered everything .
tr	O	He stepped in the opposite direction .
tr	I	He wasn 't going to be happy if said Colt yes .
tr	O	Now it would only listen to the endless silence of the ages .
tr	I	Miranda and Della asked at the same time , dashing 's Kylie hopes that her emotion would go unnoticed .
tr	O	We 're Crawler fodder to them .
tr	I	A haze of smoke over hung town .
tr	I	Kara talked but mind replayed his hand shadow 's .
tr	I	I tried to leave that after .
tr	O	Still , he couldn 't help admiring the woman he 'd married , from a purely objective perspective , of course .
tr	I	They were typically large with members family that lived close by and constant family gatherings .
tr	O	The smoke will have to rise up to get over our barrier , and that would get it up quite a bit higher .
tr	I	Karen had called in a panic , saying something about dead birds and the need Prozac for .
tr	O	His public embarrassment had hurt his pride .
tr	O	That 's just how we celebrated things .
tr	I	For once I 'm not doing for something my own convenience .
tr	O	Lean over here and give him a big kiss !
tr	I	He fell to ground the with a whine .
tr	O	Dark times only last if you let them .
tr	I	Walter shifted his in seat .
tr	O	The sound made the baby giggle uncontrollably .
tr	I	My eyes continue to scan the woods surrounding .
tr	O	With anyone but himself , anyway .
tr	O	I looked at Kiran ; he stood to his feet , arms wide , and ready to fight .
tr	O	He runs over to the kitchen drawer , pulls out a pen and yellow sticky notes and writes something down .
tr	I	With her jaw clenched in desperation , eyes her searched the people for any familiar sign .
tr	I	His looked room like a teenager 's one , full of posters with musician bands .
tr	O	Lucas didn 't rush him , and didn 't respond at first , and then I heard his very controlled voice .
tr	O	Chapter Fifteen Ronan walked the dark streets of Middletown .
tr	I	He would no have bones left if I didn 't hurry .
tr	I	Mage paused again , as if if deciding she should ask her next question .
tr	O	Finally , Chance managed to ease back , just a few inches .
tr	O	Damn , that 's a pretty sound .
tr	I	Sometimes , would Genie take the lead without a word .
tr	I	Milo was up on the roof of our along bus with five other gunmen .
tr	O	The static between the sisters was palpable to everyone .
tr	O	Behind the knight they could see a low building .
tr	O	There was an edge to his voice that proved he was really upset .
tr	O	She stood there with me as I looked at my mother .
tr	I	Jacob was waiting me for .
tr	I	She 't couldn get over how different Ryan was from her ex-husband .
tr	I	Chapter Fourteen I arrived with the same sick feeling I always felt while teleporting , maybe I 'll get the of hang it someday .
tr	O	We burst into the cool night air , and the four of us took off at a dead sprint .
tr	O	Yes , it had taken him three centuries , but he 'd managed to outsmart me and back me into an impossible corner .
tr	I	Now , Brett just came along for the thrills , though it appeared he wasn 't enjoying himself at much the moment .
tr	O	Apparently he 'd done well enough in hiding his own restlessness .
tr	O	He squeezed her fingers and smiled .
tr	O	We Were Not Aware Of It .
tr	O	Did I ever tell you Celina 's given name ?
tr	O	In fact , each of them had dates written beside them .
tr	I	Existing far into the depths of relevance obsolete .
tr	I	Now , I shocked was .
tr	I	Cori watched as William Winkler passed through her of field vision .
tr	I	The girls were cool about mixing it up and letting me a write few songs .
tr	I	He grabbed the Kerosene bottle next to entrance the .
tr	I	You told me Scott was a job whack .
tr	I	Or she was tired ?
tr	O	Vague would be better .
tr	I	He the whispered words in her ear as , with one last thrust , he carried her to the stars and back .
tr	I	His affection for Velda and Inez was obvious , as was their affection for the young man had they seen grow to adulthood .
tr	I	Kay shoulders 's slumped .
tr	O	Jib couldn 't listen .
tr	O	But that wasn 't possible .
tr	O	She didn 't like mittens or porches , Christmas trees or the ballet , teddy bears or fresh snow .
tr	O	Trace called her name , but Claire didn 't stop .
tr	I	Warmth curled her around heart and calmed the spurt of agitation in her mind .
tr	I	He swooped down , caught a fish large , and returned .
tr	I	I gasped and I felt my knees weak go .
tr	O	Just parked the car at his house and came back .
tr	O	Johnnie tensed and eyed the bassist .
tr	O	Skyler continued to look at the wall as if she were slightly ashamed of herself .
tr	O	Willow was surprised but didn 't comment on it .
tr	I	Viggo ignored her , pulling a red cherry purse from a drawer and tossing it to me .
tr	O	At least it had actually rained the previous night ; for some reason , that made the overcast sky more bearable .
tr	O	The lights go off and I find myself on my knees , my leggings ripping open on the cold hard floor .
tr	I	As she took a bite , she felt that familiar tug eat to more .
tr	I	It would have been extremely handy for a who woman didn 't wish to be married to him .
tr	I	Miranda and I both took turns calling the children names 's .
tr	O	Now I had all four of them dissecting my thoughts .
tr	O	Eben saw her eyes widen as she read ; she looked up at him and stared directly into his eyes for several moments .
tr	O	I am your ally .
tr	O	He jogged up the stairs and flipped back a shutter to reveal an electronics panel .
tr	O	She and Hugh were not similar at all .
tr	I	The concierge pointed to the leading door to the outside .
tr	O	We were adrenaline junkies .
tr	I	I lay , watching the light orchestra of creation as it slid across sky the , moved by the blowing wind on the poplar outside my window .
tr	O	Somehow it was the naked feet that made things feel more intimate .
tr	O	Vlad was waiting at the bottom of the staircase .
tr	I	They walked the up stairs .
tr	I	In the endless moments that inched during past his waking agony , he would whisper his name to himself .
tr	I	It had to be in the small basement because that was where Nattie the and judge had left it .
tr	I	His mother shook head her .
tr	O	He has lived here a long time , thought McBride , but he comes from a Slav country .
tr	I	Holding my hands close my to face , they look really dark .
tr	O	A smile comes uninvited to my lips .
tr	I	Ann and Gerald traded but glances stayed silent .
tr	I	If 're you not careful , the first time you feed , you may lose control .
tr	I	He shoots me the barest of grins , then coaxes out a few quick notes on the piano .
tr	O	I wasn 't fond of swimming and there were sharks in the area so I wanted to get out of the water as quickly as possible .
tr	O	Mattie only wanted to know where she came from .
tr	I	It wasn 't because they stronger are or smarter .
tr	O	It touched her in an almost physical way and she responded to it .
tr	I	Neither of them anything says .
tr	O	As a fifteen year old she fell for a boy her own age , who despite being careful , landed her pregnant .
tr	O	A tall guard emerged out of the shadows .
tr	I	I was also that glad he had shown up so quickly .
tr	O	He 's ripped and his skin is smooth and incredibly warm .
tr	O	He had no need for glasses back then , but did need a comb .
tr	O	I held the phone a little further away from my ear .
tr	I	Breckenridge 's fans went crazy as buzzer the sounded first point .
tr	O	She opened her mind , put all her strength and energy to reaching out , casting her net wide to pull in the surroundings .
tr	O	A man in red power armor is waiting for me .
tr	I	Taryn agreed to adopt and him so we did .
tr	I	There 's fixing no me .
tr	I	My friends watched too , torn between cheering me on and about worrying whether I was going to survive .
tr	O	I feel the smirk touch my lips .
tr	O	That earned her a wide smile and a deep , rumbling chuckle .
tr	O	Nightingale and Jenny walked up to the top floor .
tr	I	I put out a finger to ring the and doorbell noticed my hand was trembling .
tr	O	Their good little girl had screwed up .
tr	O	There is only one stipulation .
tr	O	Two weeks ' travel , if all went well .
tr	O	The door opened a crack .
tr	I	There 's more one than I see .
tr	I	At least , from here , the offered terrain decent cover .
tr	O	20 You can 't get away from them , his father had said , because of their legs .
tr	I	His shook voice as he thanked everyone who came , his message perfunctory .
tr	O	Verlaine screamed , and Mateo jumped , but instantly he realized Asa was as startled as they were , and even Elizabeth looked surprised .
tr	O	I walked back to the car .
tr	I	Shannon 's phone rang once , twice , and went then to voicemail .
tr	I	He opened the driver 's side door and reached inside for a pad forms of .
tr	I	In the end , I took a steps few back from her and raised my body into the air .
tr	I	Josephine gasped in surprise when an image of thin a , pale , young woman rocking on the floor appeared .
tr	O	When she emerged , she found him sitting cross-legged on his cot , still reading , with the room well lighted .
tr	I	I gave her smile a .
tr	I	If we 're going move to forward with this you 'll have to .
tr	I	After a moment , he relaxed and nudged her further into the kitchen with authoritative an nod .
tr	O	We didn 't even get to do everything .
tr	O	Those of us left move on .
tr	I	He sheepish was now .
tr	I	When I return to Alderaan , we begin will more in-depth discussions .
tr	O	Creatures so violent and uncontrollable that the Lord Ruler had been forced to keep them away from civilization .
tr	O	Not just as the mother of his children , not just as a lover .
tr	O	Harry 's face was a mask of fury , but that didn 't scare me .
tr	I	He rolled over to his back , willed the fatigue away , indulged and himself in his surroundings .
tr	O	A different kind of shivers ran down my spine , and I felt goose bumps all over my skin .
tr	O	Galilee approached Beth tentatively .
tr	I	He should have better known .
tr	O	The father seemed to be struck dumb and motionless .
tr	I	I refuse to let him ruin Emma 's or life anyone else 's any longer .
tr	O	It was wrinkled and had few yellow spots .
tr	O	Moisture gathered in Simon 's eyes and happiness punched Amber low in her gut .
tr	I	His focus solely was on her .
tr	I	Pulling line the tight , just below its breaking point , I waited .
tr	I	Malone disabled one the with shots from the other that shorted out its electronics .
tr	I	Corrine stared at me , the expression on her face to impossible decipher .
tr	O	Rachel gathers her coat from the couch and pauses when Noah says her name .
tr	I	His anger was the part only of him that seemed genuine .
tr	I	If they had to hang around here , hoped she that it wouldn 't be for too long .
tr	O	Her grin is so big it shows off the twin dimples in her cheeks .
tr	O	I 'll need artwork if you want me to do the labelling .
tr	I	he asked , voice his a low growl .
tr	O	Jimmy dodged several more ' medium ' sized asteroids before glancing over at Cindy .
tr	O	The din inside her mind ceased as suddenly as a record that had stopped spinning .
tr	I	We lead them back to my room and I to point my ceiling .
tr	I	Something in my expression him stops .
tr	I	Still stunned , looking right into his eyes , it took me a second to register that he just had asked me a question .
tr	O	Suddenly they leapt over the ditch and disappeared into the tall , golden grass .
tr	O	We check and adjust the food factor requirements .
tr	O	He wanted the woman inside the suit .
tr	O	Fletcher looked at me , his green eyes searching mine .
tr	I	Conway reached for out the glass .
tr	I	The bottom of butt her cheeks crested her shorts with each step .
tr	I	When heard I my name announced I could barely contain my excitement as I waited for library time .
tr	O	Only Daniel kept up .
tr	O	It was years too late for anyone to ask how her father 's day at work had been , or how Charlotte had enjoyed her job .
tr	I	Tell it to the birds , Finn , for all the good 's it doing any of us here !
tr	O	I want to move to Chicago and be a front porch there .
tr	O	I didn 't know how much I liked him , but I was definitely attracted to him .
tr	O	Sakura turned to Lauren and managed to give the girl a weak smile .
tr	O	I should have swallowed back my grief .
tr	O	She could feel Romulus ' unease as he nudged her thigh with his nose .
tr	O	I 've not been able to raise him since we got this news .
tr	O	What the hell did she have to be nervous about ?
tr	O	Catholic or Baptist , we all love the same Jesus .
tr	I	Yet I couldn seem 't to let it go .
tr	I	He couldn 't wait to tell Dana that he had hit been upon , and to tease her about it when he called her the next day !
tr	I	The person pulled her sword its from sheath as he passed by , and then stood back-to-back with her .
tr	I	That 's how I knew you would be good it at .
tr	I	Those gorgeous brown eyes take in my features for a before moment continuing .
tr	I	Because is something wrong .
tr	I	I braided my hair up in twin plaits , and tied them with some of the twine 'd I bought at the store earlier .
tr	I	Every day her life more got and more pathetic .
tr	I	My stared grandparents at me , mouths gaping .
tr	I	The peace she 'd known an instant before to began slip away .
tr	I	You betrayed me by sleeping with man another , and then you contacted him after you promised not to .
tr	O	I haven 't really figured out precisely how .
tr	I	I 've been worried about it several for days now .
tr	I	There is no way for us to determine if the drug is against effective this virus or indeed if it even is a virus at all .
tr	I	Timothy stands up when he sees two the men approaching him .
tr	I	The glamour they 'd to used make themselves as beautiful as Elodie was gone now , so they looked a lot plainer than I remembered .
tr	I	Maddie a felt mild sense of panic .
tr	I	I hadn 't sensed presence her , yet there she stood , a vision in creamy lavender cloth .
tr	I	My stomach turned , and crept bile up my throat .
tr	I	Silence briefly took line the .
tr	O	Weston 's voice anticipated him .
tr	I	Bax sidestepped , blocking Matthew from the man view 's .
tr	O	' Clear the beach of any trace of this .
tr	O	Emily took a deep breath and maintained the block for as long as possible but they managed to override it .
tr	O	The doctor ushered her into his office while Paul set up an appointment for his son next week .
tr	O	But when I opened it , the center of the book had been carved out .
tr	O	I poured my heart and soul out .
tr	I	There was more no noise from the cellar .
tr	I	The next thing I knew , Dec was there holding my head in his again hands .
tr	O	The image of Anne began to fall away , and a whisper of a familiar voice floated across the air .
tr	O	My father - ' The priest raised his hand soothingly . '
tr	O	Then I remember the idea is for us to be lowering our body temperature to expel less infrared energy .
tr	O	The bald man opened the door .
tr	O	At least ten shops advertising different types of services are located on each level .
tr	I	he yelps , running towards us past and .
tr	I	His eyebrows in pulled .
tr	I	I about thought the pressure of the Broadway shows I had done .
tr	O	I really need to get out of here .
tr	I	And it felt like performance a , too .
tr	O	I could almost not go and pretend I had .
tr	O	He twisted his face and looked at my hand .
tr	I	He said with shrug a .
tr	I	My body felt like one giant bruise , but at least I free was .
tr	O	The guy gave her a coy smile .
tr	I	Elaina felt ill again just at looking the remains of the little rabbit .
tr	I	The menu dessert is also small .
tr	I	So he decided stop to thinking about it and come up with a way to get back into the lovely lady 's good graces .
tr	O	He hands me his backpack and I notice that it 's even heavier than mine , but I only have to get to his pickup .
tr	I	Sorry I missed you this morning - I went to the hospital for a little while , and 't didn want to wake you .
tr	I	I think it 's a critical error in judgment and I think it will come back to haunt all us .
tr	O	I glanced behind me through the door and out into the dark night .
tr	O	None of them were pretty .
tr	I	Still Tiny ... shifted his gaze back to Marguerite .
tr	I	We can all go to this house party and then on call Craddock .
tr	O	Hanna leaned out the window of Sean 's father 's BMW and grinned at Mona .
tr	O	Dayan was the most wonderful man she 'd ever met , and she wanted to be with him .
tr	O	A legacy from his army days , it was Mason 's last line of defense .
tr	I	His torso was hot and against hard hers , his tongue slick and skilled .
tr	O	Besides , Hekate 's retrievers are nearly here .
tr	O	You think the way he treated me as a child has turned me into a neurotic .
tr	I	She had been kissed before and had derived moderate from pleasure the process .
tr	I	The arousal she sensed in made him her forget everyone else .
tr	O	I don 't want anyone learning how much you know .
tr	I	Caterers to began set out a buffet , and a few kids got in line .
tr	O	The only thing that needs to work is the MAV .
tr	O	She could no longer live behind the boundaries of that fear , not anymore .
tr	O	The analyst 's voice rose from the laptop 's internal speakers .
tr	O	The hulking bartender immediately detaches himself from his conversation with his two patrons at the far end of the bar as we walk in .
tr	O	As in an untouchable virginal goddess .
tr	I	He wasn 't a man who about boasted what he did .
tr	O	Charlie and Josh now had a new way to fill their afternoons -- riding with Tessa and James .
tr	I	It was pretty pathetic say to the least .
tr	O	She arranged them flawlessly on the velvet with her tweezers .
tr	I	What would that do her to ?
tr	O	I 'm so sorry , Soul .
tr	O	Talking with Sable was his only move .
tr	O	She used to keep up on all the local business gossip .
tr	O	I get a sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach .
tr	I	But kept she it quiet .
tr	I	It all was a game to him .
tr	I	I pretty was sure helping me was not the reason a prince of hell sneaked into my house in the middle of the night .
tr	I	He was hunched over wheel the .
tr	I	My heart felt ready to explode , and there she sat , all chipper smiley and .
tr	O	When Dr. Z dismissed the class , I realized I hadn 't taken a single note .
tr	O	He rushes towards me , along with a few of the others .
tr	O	Blake looked pointedly at the fingers Tyler had on her side and sent his brother a look Jewell couldn 't interpret .
tr	I	I couldn imagine 't that .
tr	O	AJ finally came over and asked me if I was alright .
tr	I	As they paraded past , Spencer caught a glimpse of a with guy longish dark hair .
tr	I	I scanned as much as the meagre light allowed , and passed my everywhere hands for any sign of where I was .
tr	O	She looked so beautiful .
tr	I	I need to it work .
tr	O	The guy was American so his accent did not quite surprise me .
tr	O	All aviators had their tales to tell .
tr	O	How was that possible ?
tr	O	The tunnel twisted and suddenly the sunlight beamed into the tunnel .
tr	O	I thought I could feel his heart pumping straight into my back , his body pinning me to the ground .
tr	O	That child did not want to believe in hell and its eternal fires .
tr	I	Helen stood and lifted her hand like a third student grade .
tr	I	A sudden jolt of snapped awareness through him .
tr	O	He wished his short vampire life could just end now , before he had to endure more torture .
tr	O	Her laughter died to a chuckle as she shook her head .
tr	O	Nick asked in clipped , businesslike tones .
tr	O	I bit my lip .
tr	I	We on agree a fee and I pay him in cash .
tr	I	He took from the cup the principal member in this drama of the absurd had that ended just fine .
tr	I	She didn 't have to see some of their to crimes know they 'd committed them .
tr	O	My mouth popped open .
tr	I	Hurricane lanterns on mounted the boat 's aft and stern went out , and the firing from outside intensified , wild and blind .
tr	O	' Or maybe it was those massive glasses ?
tr	I	Maybe killing thousand above them as layer after layer city of sunk into the collapsing hole , but finally everything was still again .
tr	O	He 'd participated in its afterschool program for a couple of years before that .
tr	I	His eyes come focus into .
tr	I	That damn hero needed a few lumps to the head if he thought I were going just to let him do it .
tr	I	My is hope lost now , Anna .
tr	I	They were hearty they and filled you up .
tr	I	He laughed , his low chuckle sending shivers me through , and he slid his hand underneath my shirt again , his fingers creeping upward .
tr	O	But they carry the most fear , for there are three great legions of them .
tr	I	There 's some artificial by source that vault .
tr	I	I realized neither of the vehicles from the scavenge pharmacy mission were in the parking lot .
tr	I	They say the twelfth Maker an was arrogant man .
tr	O	President Castilla 's grim gaze was fixed on the admiral .
tr	O	He yanked open the door and was met by Droopy 's smiling face .
tr	O	What a crock of shit that turned out to be .
tr	I	It wasn the 't first time .
tr	O	Yes , I did !
tr	O	Nicole had no doubt gone back to work .
tr	I	It every permeated material for miles .
tr	I	She had very hands delicate , almost like a pianist 's .
tr	I	He the threw transmitter warmup switches , began checking the sequence tape .
tr	O	The Seahawk swept low to the swell of the open sea and hung there , vibrating .
tr	I	Satisfied , Daniel turned on his while heel ordering his men to bring them to the dais .
tr	O	Particular interest was given to the weapons they carried .
tr	O	Her heart squeezed at the image of Nate in a hospital bed , or worse .
tr	I	Did we around walk ?
tr	I	If it wasn 't for Kai holding her back , she 'd of been in The within Dry seconds .
tr	I	When the nurse suite said , I 'd thought she meant a big room .
tr	O	I 'm going of my own free will .
tr	I	I asked as they encircled those in already the cave .
tr	O	I sit down in the chair facing her .
tr	I	I 't wouldn let it .
tr	O	As it was , it took him several long minutes to shove back the swelling rage and need to kill that pulsed through his veins .
tr	I	Victor was a of figment his imagination , and Thibault knew that his subconscious had conjured up the image .
tr	I	She had to give that him .
tr	O	Don 't you long to have things back to what they were before the Revolution ?
tr	I	The older I got , the more I hated these arguments , because I lost one every of them .
tr	O	But if Kacey busts out a bottle of Patron , I have my answer .
tr	I	I want to learn everything I can , want I to see everything I can .
tr	I	If she gave me another chance , I 'd never let her again go .
tr	I	I 't didn get into their medical program .
tr	O	Old Sarah made her way slowly with the help of Aunt Salome and Aunt Mary to the bench where the women sat .
tr	I	Yes , she worked hard to achieve status and well-being , strove for comfort and security , was ambitious aspiring and .
tr	O	Russell said into the radio as they crested the hill .
tr	O	While the water flowed he raided her cupboards , found salt and olive oil and poured both into the water without measuring .
tr	I	She was nervous , scared even , probably .
tr	O	A few minutes later , the door to the Oval Office opened , and Richard walked through .
tr	O	I wouldn 't admit how eager I was to see this boy , but I couldn 't wait any longer .
tr	O	No time for entanglements , or much room for friendships .
tr	I	That caused day heartbreak for Wayne .
tr	I	The nibbled horses at grass near where they were tethered .
tr	O	Then he smiled as the old happy memory flood behind his eyes lids .
tr	O	Immediately , my fingers brushed against the hard length of his cock , and something wet .
tr	I	She felt frustrated so she wanted to slam her fist against it .
tr	O	I could live on animals most nights and no one got hurt .
tr	I	Leonhard watched her go , thinking gloomily that the stagehands would too be concerned about jeopardizing their own employment to be of any help .
tr	I	Joni gulped tea her .
tr	I	So I decided when he came , I would play and he could take off have and fun with his friends .
tr	O	Sulley 's eyes remained locked on mine as he reached for his radio .
tr	I	On the other hand , though even I was feeling happier , I still felt cross that he had moved us .
tr	I	After graduating with first class honours from Leeds University she wandered around the world trying to find her place it in .
tr	O	What happens there isn 't clear to anybody now alive .
tr	I	I was driven by Necessity , I so did what was necessary .
tr	I	Personally , I don 't we think have a chance .
tr	I	she asked and I nodded would I .
tr	I	She grabbed his at wrist .
tr	O	The waitress comes over and we place our order for food and Mason orders us a shot .
tr	I	He starts to say but something closes his mouth .
tr	I	Lights flickered to life on the underbelly of the ship collector .
tr	O	The valley wall rose above , a sheer wall of gray rock .
tr	O	The color drained from her face at being put on the spot , the eyes of everyone nearby going straight to her .
tr	I	Suddenly Pierce knew what was wrong it and became completely evident as he looked around the room .
tr	O	Laughing , she took his hands and showed him how to undo it .
tr	I	Tar winked him at .
tr	I	Then I wrapped my shoulder in the extra fabric and began to push the car forward , the of pressure my whole body on the door frame .
tr	I	My beat heart faster in fear .
tr	I	Let me this do .
tr	I	He took her purse and through rifled it , pulling out her keys and sticking them in the front pocket of his charcoal suit pants .
tr	I	Not surprisingly stiffened Shay with wary unease .
tr	O	I didn 't strap on the heels until I got in , giving my feet a reprieve knowing that they would be in torment soon enough .
tr	O	This time , she let him almost completely and he wrapped her in his sensual call .
tr	I	Real , was it real .
tr	I	Chloe presses the razor into my ready neck to reopen the wound that 's barely managed to heal .
tr	O	The mass practising of religion was forbidden .
tr	O	Seemed to me I should step in . '
tr	I	That would just make easier things .
tr	O	Brand didn 't want Harald to be suspicious , despite her protests that His Honor would not care .
tr	O	God help her , she wanted to peek again .
tr	I	I snapped out of the trance Caden as quickly pulled away again .
tr	O	Then he realized that it didn 't really matter .
tr	I	But if Evelyn was grieving , Elizabeth would sense that , and she 't didn feel any sorrow from Evelyn at the moment .
tr	I	He took a step it through , but stopped just in front of her .
tr	I	I clung to tighter him .
tr	I	Her inability to reveal her big secret made me feel she like probably kept other things from me too .
tr	O	While the others rushed to the rear exit , I pressed my back against the wall and inched toward the front .
tr	O	You were doing fine ... and then you had to cross the line .
tr	O	She put her hand on the door and pushed it open so she could see me again .
tr	O	Myself , I was wearing only a light windbreaker .
tr	I	Something was coming us for .
tr	I	But he 's just the kind of guy that want I , that I need in my life .
tr	O	See you in a few .
tr	I	She started back pacing and forth across my room .
tr	O	Now their worlds had become real , and they were part of it .
tr	I	Whispers Greg in ear my .
tr	O	He wanted to Claim her .
tr	O	He got up ; she asking , ' So , do I need to say goodbye to you properly this time ? '
tr	O	His voice sounded a little less annoyed when he continued .
tr	O	Knowing she 's available is a real relief . '
tr	O	He wondered if and when he would ever see it again .
tr	I	He wasn 't going to have much time to scoop up the stiletto hide and it in his deep jacket pocket .
tr	I	He was the in pub with the football team . '
tr	I	The way he 'd held kissed and her was so wrong .
tr	O	But right now I could care less about his opinion on Kade or the rest of the boy 's opinion for that matter .
tr	O	He 'd been Chelsea Brennan 's first lover .
tr	O	He let his glamour fall away , and his wings were like sheets of fire sweeping the black of the heavens .
tr	I	She refused to at look him .
tr	O	She wanted him naked against her skin , thrusting deep inside her and making her feel the burning pleasure until she screamed his name .
tr	O	The best way I can describe us to you is that we are shape shifters .
tr	I	I considered for moment a .
tr	O	A brilliant light speared the darkness behind them , reflecting from the truck 's mirrors .
tr	I	So if you smoke , you so do at your own risk .
tr	O	Not when an opportunity had finally arrived which would allow her to escape this place .
tr	O	I watched him , confused and somewhat sad .
tr	I	They followed the men to the parking lot , where they entered a blue Ford Model sedan A .
tr	O	Jake 's gun came up , pointed right at Hank .
tr	I	Free dessert purchase with of an entree .
tr	O	He turned in the saddle .
tr	I	She put her through arm mine .
tr	I	Later that evening , Harriet sat at the table kitchen , the candle flickering by her elbow , and stared down at the blank parchment .
tr	O	I call out as icy raindrops shower from the branches and down the back of my neck and face .
tr	O	BUT WE FEED THEM , he said helplessly .
tr	O	He put a hand on her arm .
tr	O	They had continued to patronize the Gardens while London was besieged .
tr	I	Her hands on remained his shoulders as he curved his hands around her h * ps keeping her still on him .
tr	I	They trying were to test her strength of will .
tr	O	He shook his head .
tr	O	He had a long white beard and one of his eyes was closed with a scar across it .
tr	O	But I knew that wasn 't going to happen .
tr	I	None them of spoke .
tr	I	There also was evidence that the Warriors knew about Jill .
tr	I	Then he to turned me , leaning his arm against the locker as he got close to my face .
tr	O	But he believed in presenting a range of work .
tr	I	He stopped abruptly , his unmistakable shock .
tr	I	They would need to stay guard on , but at least they wouldn 't freeze to death .
tr	I	' Where did get you those ? '
tr	I	The stench of unspeakably filthy dogs and the byproducts thereof , overpowering was in here .
tr	O	He kissed my chin .
tr	I	Maybe you should , like , them battle .
tr	I	Anita done had anything she could to get by .
tr	O	Ares was carrying Raquel on his mighty shoulders and she leaned down to laugh into his ear .
tr	O	If she made the first move .
tr	O	After using the bathroom , Mary Ellen wandered over to her bedroom window and looked out on the grounds .
tr	I	What 's even more interesting is that yesterday only we had the report that new information that could be damaging to us emanated from there .
tr	I	But not government their .
tr	I	She couldn 't afford to get stuck , and if Graham couldn 't fit , the would shelter be useless to him .
tr	I	He couldn believe 't he was getting married again .
tr	I	Few of His Majesty 's nobles had been ever to sea .
tr	I	Could mean that I will become mortal ?
tr	O	The white clock face appeared to be working and told me the time was not yet two in the afternoon .
tr	I	Dorothea refilled wineglass her .
tr	I	The more he thought about what he learned of Clara , the harder it was not hurt to the bastard .
tr	O	the sodden , woolen clouds expelled in submission as they exhausted themselves upon the denizens below .
tr	I	Did any of them consider fact the that we looked out of place ?
tr	I	Go back , wait for a battle to start , then help side whichever looks like it 's going to win .
tr	O	But she had to give Ken 's ex-girlfriend credit for trying to be nice .
tr	O	My dog is tired .
tr	O	They 'll kill you !
tr	I	The turned barman , glaring at me through his one properly functioning eye .
tr	O	He reassured her that she hadn 't missed Jason .
tr	I	He had grown a into sturdy young man with dark brown wavy hair above a strongly moulded face .
tr	I	I couldn 't have cleaned up all that blood , anyway , not Sophia without and her Air elemental magic to help me .
tr	I	Out a came white folded pad .
tr	O	The drive to the cemetery was silent , save for the sound of Greta 's weeping .
tr	O	I can 't even follow the logic of that .
tr	I	There are none that would be better , could or be .
tr	I	Nicole and resisted pushed against his chest , more out of instinct than any real desire to get away .
tr	O	It occurred to him that the conveniences of modern living worked well for werewolves .
tr	I	It rang again and pulled Rena herself off the couch .
tr	O	Jude started to shake .
tr	I	Perky is an merely observation .
tr	O	It had to be a big deal .
tr	I	The sleeping bags and plastic sheets are in the back of the van , we so should be comfortable for hours .
tr	I	A golden glimmer in the distance catches his eye , and doubles he his pace to catch up .
tr	I	I 'd always been drawn to Brandon , and his actions heroic only magnified my feelings .
tr	I	Henry in whispered my ear .
tr	I	Zeke and I sat the on porch and blankly stared out to the forest behind the houses .
tr	O	Was he a prisoner somewhere ?
tr	O	He was proud of her for not showing any weakness in front of Dumont , he thought .
tr	O	Hiro looked awful with bags under his eyes and the bruise before his ear deep green and purple .
tr	O	It was shaded with a unique variety of graceful pala trees that had been cultivated to order .
tr	I	Emma wondered if most the of people who stayed at the Cozy Comfort Bungalows had a story .
tr	O	By kissing her , I had led her to believe I was attracted to her .
tr	O	Memories of her childhood flooded her thoughts and blurred her vision .
tr	I	You could have a died dozen different ways .
tr	O	So her act of sacrifice inspired me to do the same .
tr	O	He took a number from his personal phone book and dialed it directly .
tr	O	After walking for some time , she took off down the street to the café .
tr	I	It seemed him to that the womanly curves would fit his hands perfectly .
tr	O	Before she even had a chance to answer , he dashed out the door .
tr	O	The house was quiet as she stepped inside .
tr	O	The stars alone joined me for companionship , beaming in shades of innocent white down on my rooftop hideaway .
tr	O	It is all within your very soul !
tr	O	While she was in the shower , room service was delivered and set up at the table for us .
tr	O	If the gorgeous outside provided any indication of how prestigious the inside would be , Caroline was way out of her league .
tr	O	It seemed strange that he wouldn 't know exactly where she lived after they 'd shared such explosive sex the night before .
tr	I	The snow made the progress slow going , but they to needed avoid going through any territories owned outright by a wolf pack .
tr	I	She lifted hands her as a ball of pure , white light formed .
tr	O	Her fingers shook as she took the weapon in her hand , then crawled over to the back wall and sat there huddled .
tr	O	He lifted his gaze to find her glaring at him .
tr	I	Not as he expected 'd .
tr	O	But God , the pain , it must be incredible .
tr	I	I came over the with Appalachians a coffee cup and an empty wine glass .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure if she wanted him to think she 'd pulled away , or that he had scared her with his touch .
tr	O	The next one wouldn 't set off until the following morning .
tr	I	The sound of the rain steady was and soothing .
tr	I	Then he sat back beside down her again and turned to look at her .
tr	O	Not a death mask , but a life mask : a full-length rendition of this person at his or her living best .
tr	I	Still the two girls circled slowly , their teeth bared and breath their coming harshly .
tr	I	Eva 's brown eyes worried looked .
tr	I	Then he walked the through flat , carefully closing all the curtains .
tr	I	I wanted to pluck every single one of those feathers snow-white from his wings .
tr	O	Darkness crept into the corners of my eyes , and I fought it with every ounce of the strength I had left .
tr	I	Every part of my is body in agony , my neck and finger doubly so .
tr	O	Jem arose awkwardly from the riverbank , his hands bound behind his back .
tr	I	She held my arm minute a longer before opening her eyes .
tr	O	Jorge feigned an affronted stance and took a wide swing that Paul easily ducked .
tr	O	Hannah chose the soft pink dress Riley had given her for Christmas to wear to Cheryl and Steve 's for cards a week later .
tr	I	He looked at me coldly I and shivered .
tr	O	He wore nothing but trousers and a shirt ; his weapons belt hung on a nail peg inside the bunk .
tr	O	He was only doctor in the bunkers ; my mother implored him not to go .
tr	I	I needed to look into her and eyes to thank her .
tr	O	He couldn 't bind her to himself if she didn 't want him .
tr	O	The tremor in his voice betrayed the composed sense of calm he was aiming for .
tr	I	Jason sighed and his folded newspaper .
tr	O	The bard began to lumber over to their aid , drawing more daggers out his sleeves as he did so .
tr	I	Already , they had found so many forms of life -- the crew 's minds were full information of from a million planets .
tr	O	Her routine as a teacher was so familiar to her .
tr	I	Claire felt hysteria bubble inside up her .
tr	O	She won 't release the boy 's hand .
tr	O	I hope it is not in you .
tr	O	It worked well enough .
tr	O	Trust me ; I 'd never have been friends with someone who acts the way she is acting tonight .
tr	O	He nodded casually , reaching between us to pluck a blade of grass from its roots .
tr	O	What is she doing here ?
tr	O	From behind the half closed door I could peer through the opening between the door and its frame .
tr	I	Odd , how his heart wasn racing 't .
tr	O	He turned to the dwarf .
tr	I	She also took her mates team guard position instead of her normal center position .
tr	O	I will let you know when I wish to see them .
tr	O	He also found something else .
tr	I	Melissa 's eyes darted to her , widening and slightly then narrowing sharply .
tr	I	Now she is bucking and twisting , to trying fight her way from my grasp .
tr	I	I couldn 't recall any time that sitting down felt had so good .
tr	I	The engineers that the fired gun were all gone .
tr	I	The other doctors scramble , concentrating on the women children and first .
tr	O	She would die from the pain of it .
tr	O	But he seemed to really want to learn and that was a good start .
tr	I	The following night , I spoke to more five .
tr	I	She thought about it , dismissed then that idea .
tr	O	CHAPTER 12 Rick strode towards the men 's prep area .
tr	I	The first time Hazel 's shop moved , she opened closed and her mouth several times , blinked rapidly , and pinched her arms repeatedly .
tr	I	Lea started to turn to the left threw and a right hook at Karen 's body .
tr	I	Amy will me help be alright .
tr	I	He studied wife his .
tr	I	I gazed his into eyes , probing him silently for some echo of the emotion he had showed me the night before , but there was nothing .
tr	I	I 'm looking Ali for .
tr	I	It 's that crooked , leering smile that triggers his name in brain my .
tr	I	I to walked my last lesson of the day , art .
tr	O	Ashleigh paused so everyone else could consider all the revelations .
tr	O	What the hell was she talking about ?
tr	I	He 'd tried everything short of suffocation to force death upon his creatures little , but it just wouldn 't work .
tr	O	If he was going to get her anyway , suicide seemed the smarter option .
tr	O	Her target turned his head toward the sound .
tr	O	I missed Yeshua , ever more distant in my memory and in the anguish and pain of the departed .
tr	I	It was almost too much for him as he wept into Abe 's arms in an to effort escape from the drama of it all .
tr	O	I 'd be dead if not for her .
tr	O	It rocked , rolled and swayed in a way that would have put a baby to sleep .
tr	O	Kelly sighed and stopped doing her leg lifts .
tr	I	' Giant bats robotic ? '
tr	O	Come home with me , Darcy .
tr	I	Other than hearsay , Carol wasn 't even know to where he would be sailing .
tr	O	She probably thought I was off my trolley , one grape short of a bunch .
tr	O	The golden aura of the ancient fae grew brighter as the battle raged .
tr	O	Dorian said , closing the book .
tr	I	Selena made disgusted a noise .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure .
tr	O	Even the things that survive it are still changed on an elemental level .
tr	O	I opened the car door , but before I got out I looked back at him .
tr	I	To focus attention in one spot , the while real action happened someplace else .
tr	O	I want to be around .
tr	O	Chapter 47 - A new assistant The following day , Amy almost bumped into Jack and Linde as they rushed into the building .
tr	I	Crista watched the pair work their way along the dockside street and felt the small hairs rise on her and arms the back of her neck .
tr	I	The Last Chance home represented to Morgan now .
tr	I	When she finished scribbling she snatched the menus from their hands , something said polite , almost smiled , then disappeared .
tr	O	We talked about everything and nothing while light seeped from the sky , the glass turning black with the night .
tr	O	Those who tried to stop were kicked by the sergeants until they got up .
tr	O	Rachel 's eyes were unyielding .
tr	O	In a few moments she would be reunited .
tr	I	One hundred and dollars twenty .
tr	O	In the faint light , my eyes opened and met with the same sickness I 'd witnessed my entire life .
tr	O	The second attack brought the harsh reality that I was in serious danger , I wasn 't safe underground , and the attacks happened with no warning .
tr	O	He had no idea what kind of woman to expect .
tr	I	Evan to seemed sense this and started the engine .
tr	O	She hadn 't meant to say that .
tr	O	I want you to drop what you 're doing and meet me here at Karen Webber 's place right away .
tr	I	You what asked our purpose is ?
tr	O	I smiled and stood up .
tr	O	The camera zoomed in on the talons as the woman described how they hunt their prey .
tr	O	Her excitement and joy at seeing the baby animals at play had sparkled in her turquoise eyes and been reflected in her soft laughter .
tr	I	I track my rifle helplessly from one side of burning the camp to the other , but everything is confusion and blur .
tr	O	No pictures or anything bad from you .
tr	O	' That 's what I was thinking .
tr	I	Caroline could see would this not end well and stepped closer to Eddie .
tr	O	Even my mother believed it .
tr	I	He was surprised Julia 't hadn remarried .
tr	I	On the evening of 's Canada surrender , President Davis addressed the nation : Today is a glorious day for the American Empire .
tr	O	The pain in her muscles was overwhelming , and her head vibrated with an unrelenting , agitated buzz .
tr	O	Go Fish and Old Maid and carving their initials into the fence .
tr	O	I 'd point him out to the police without a moment 's hesitation if he refused to tell me what he knew .
tr	I	No matter I what 've been through , I 've always known who I am .
tr	I	Why are here you ?
tr	O	I smothered a grin as Shannon lapsed into disgruntled silence .
tr	O	She looked at the notes in her hand and decided her brother would pay , one way or another .
tr	I	The world had into gone anarchy .
tr	O	I got a kick out of doing that to him .
tr	O	Lotte waved to her brother .
tr	O	His head dropped , and for a breathless moment I thought he might kiss me .
tr	I	I addressed the more polite of the two , asking another question obvious .
tr	O	She sat up so fast , her head spun .
tr	O	Once she was spinning over the Atlantic .
tr	I	He had also some made weapons for defense .
tr	O	There was so much shouting , and so many shrieks that Lina couldn 't move .
tr	I	Alex gasped as the pieces clicked into place , the solution to a puzzle she 'd only now realized been had there from the start .
tr	I	Another man into came view .
tr	O	He was considered the finest sailor of his time .
tr	O	Matt shoved a hand through his hair .
tr	I	My fell mouth open .
tr	I	He didn 't want Singer to it sniff a couple of times , sense that it wasn 't what it appeared to be , then ignore it .
tr	I	I looked to Hecate and found her eyes closed , but I as watched , a ghost stepped from her body .
tr	I	It would things make more interesting .
tr	O	They knew he didn 't date anyone .
tr	I	But that didn 't lift the of burden her guilt .
tr	I	She was so exquisite ... .
tr	I	People are spilling out the front and door I can hear the music halfway down the block .
tr	O	He paused , sucking in a sharp breath as he realized that his words had fired out too hard and fast .
tr	I	It startled her , deeply how it pierced her .
tr	O	Dr. Kyoto takes a minute to stop and drink some more tea .
tr	O	He fingered her shirt .
tr	I	With sigh a , I turned to my airplane .
tr	I	Canada was already a developed country , the and Empire didn 't need to develop it .
tr	O	I love hiding in the shed when I need alone time .
tr	I	Only President Castilla , who was usually a full participant in any serious of discussion the military , remained silent .
tr	I	It somehow seemed more inviting from that point of than view it had in the car .
tr	I	They looked relieved to off be the hook .
tr	O	At first he thought it was deserted .
tr	I	Then again , I don recall 't seeing the Dakota 's doorman .
tr	O	Ronan ended the kiss and stared at her with eyes so green , they sizzled with hunger and promise .
tr	I	The agents had me sidetracked , but there was a reason I was in my grandpa 's apartment again .
tr	I	As she those contemplated rampant emotions , she feared she had been wrong .
tr	O	She was from a farming family ; maybe she wanted to be close to the surrounding fields .
tr	O	' Sorry , it is a confidence trickster 's game in my time to sell land in swamps to unsuspecting marks .
tr	O	We talked about Logan .
tr	O	I think of Fundamental swimming so purposefully behind the boat .
tr	I	He made a sound and began to over double .
tr	I	I pulled the small book from shopping the bag and opened it up .
tr	O	He most definitely wasn 't a bum .
tr	O	She wasn 't wearing a jacket .
tr	O	Didn 't seem to even realize I was there .
tr	O	At the door , I turned and kissed Gabrielle again .
tr	O	Yeah , I 'm in a band called Ashes and Dust .
tr	O	So it looks like I need an administrative assistant in Washington before the election .
tr	I	When the liquid hit the brain and gradually seeped into it , absorbed by cold the grey cells , my bodily senses awoke .
tr	I	He stood to face to face with the man , not wanting to in be front .
tr	O	Already , she 'd draped one arm and one leg over him , and it didn 't feel close enough .
tr	O	And he still wanted to see Allie , regardless of whether or not it 'd be good for either one of them .
tr	O	The only chance of getting out of this deal is to pay them back , and even then they have to agree .
tr	O	Both had fallen asleep on the decorative wrought iron bench , bundled in blankets , her with the gun , him with the knife .
tr	O	She 'd known this was coming .
tr	I	Nobody wants initiative in as business it will not only mean extra work , but worse than that , the added trouble of the hierarchy .
tr	O	I started walking forward , the others following .
tr	O	Let 's go back to the cave and get some sleep .
tr	I	But at the moment he looked awkward helpless and .
tr	I	The ... rattle of tails snake ?
tr	I	I didn 't want Dorn dead ; that would destroy my all plans .
tr	I	Not after all his pursuit passion and .
tr	I	Jazmine 's eyes pleaded hers with .
tr	I	He 't didn turn around .
tr	I	Talk about rock a and a hard place .
tr	O	Now , no one would allow me near the dangerous stuff .
tr	O	Man , I wanted to kill Max a few times .
tr	O	Della looked down at her chest .
tr	O	He gripped my shoulders .
tr	O	Lucien had his arm wrapped around ... Strider .
tr	O	Gage reaches over the back of Blythe 's seat and places a hand on her shoulder .
tr	O	Before lifting me up into the back , Holt leaned down and covered my lips with his .
tr	O	She glanced aside at him .
tr	I	Loveless are marriages worse than living with your enemy .
tr	I	They were in this sort in-between of time .
tr	O	asked Ransom some time later .
tr	I	Hunter shifted and his set jaw .
tr	O	He suddenly found it fascinating .
tr	I	And we don 't to have worry about the baby .
tr	O	Being poor didn 't mean I was soulless .
tr	I	It got so that they were afraid 'd he harm himself , or somebody else .
tr	I	The creaked door open across the room .
tr	O	That 's my favourite month .
tr	O	So what would a woman who wore costly , sparkly shoes be doing here ?
tr	I	She cocked eyebrows her .
tr	I	And so if , what the hell was it , except fear of hurting the woman he loved ?
tr	I	Finally , opened he the box and smiled .
tr	I	He taps the picture Derek of .
tr	I	A flaming arrow arced over man the 's body .
tr	O	And she was about to fire a bullet right into that werewolf 's head .
tr	O	She redirected her gaze to me and said , ' She can 't believe it .
tr	O	Sera didn 't like tall women who looked down on her .
tr	I	I knew she was before awake she even opened her eyes .
tr	I	The guest speaker finished his followed speech by the Valedictorian , Krissy Lots .
tr	O	I 'm not one of your flaccid Celts to shake in terror of your wrath .
tr	I	He pulled in a deep breath and let it just out as deeply .
tr	O	Two minutes later , he was pulling up in his driveway , letting his light fade until he looked like any other human .
tr	I	With a playful giggle , I lift my leg to flick his with chin my toe .
tr	I	Not pimple a on his forehead or a sign that he was just a teenager .
tr	I	Constance is recording this session with her cam ocular .
tr	I	Regardless of the consequences , don I 't really care what happens to me .
tr	I	There was plenty of privacy , too , with no houses except visible for those on the far side of the lake .
tr	I	And Max didn 't feel was he flattering himself by thinking that .
tr	O	I force myself to turn my head , resting my cheek against the cool rock .
tr	O	I waited for him to respond , not sure if he saw so much red that my words didn 't register or was contemplating what I said .
tr	I	The smell of it made his blur mind with a desire he thought he had erased for good .
tr	I	Hal looked right into Tasha eyes 's .
tr	I	To make things run smoothly , all the committee members have given me their questions and will I be heading up the questioning .
tr	I	I guess the threat was gone or Henri didn care 't anymore what Adam did to him .
tr	I	Then me let tell you , as clearly and precisely as I can , what you will be doing if you pull that trigger .
tr	I	Their encouragement and has enthusiasm pushed me to share Invisible with a wider audience .
tr	O	I froze as I remembered him asking if we had bulletproof vests .
tr	O	The parents of Joanna , beside her on the chapel bench , were killed .
tr	I	Kali fumbled until she found the dial for lights the .
tr	I	Then sucks she in a deep breath .
tr	I	It was all that Skulls was willing to spare them to .
tr	I	That you 're not Guitar a God .
tr	O	It catches my eye as the light filters through the bronze glass .
tr	O	He opened his mouth a little wider and a single fang pressed to my neck .
tr	O	He uses his newly freed voice to announce that he is hungry .
tr	O	He looks up and sees me at the same time as I see something small and black in his hands .
tr	O	By her grace I could see little of the world reflected in the water .
tr	I	She refused believe to it was right .
tr	I	Was Wilkinson one of the great mentioned enemies by Jefferson and Franklin , a predecessor to the modern Guild ?
tr	O	I believe we have some business to conclude .
tr	O	By now he would 've gotten word that she 'd cancelled the extra work .
tr	O	She suggested allowing her security detail to check first .
tr	O	' Is there a bathhouse in this place ? '
tr	O	Edd , how I wish I had your strength right now , he prayed .
tr	I	What had been he thinking , if anything ?
tr	I	I looked at man the who was no longer smiling .
tr	O	It was clear that this was the work of a very disturbed person .
tr	O	There was nothing but a strange hissing sound and a wall of dark gray wind rotating furiously ten feet in front of me .
tr	O	Dorian , of course , rode his mount with no saddle and no bridle , using the slightest movements and commands to steer his horse .
tr	I	Once we were out of his sight , we stood and entered the of drapery the forest .
tr	I	Her turn eyes from mine and she looks to Nicholas and Andrew who are hovering over Lucas and I know she cannot see the wound .
tr	O	Up the road went , through a more affluent city now , until a mile from the first gate it reached the Citadel .
tr	O	He snapped his fingers and the sled shot forward with a scream .
tr	I	She ran into the house , feeling relieved as soon as she to returned the overheated room .
tr	O	James stood and rapidly made steps for the forward staircase .
tr	I	But after that I ... began to notice differences .
tr	I	Before could she say a word , he turned and walked out .
tr	I	He wasn sure 't that these were his mother 's remains , but he had a strange feeling that they were .
tr	I	Just so you know , if anyone is going to kill my brother , 'll it be me .
tr	O	Roku scooted forward , staying low .
tr	O	Bree knew the man was full of it .
tr	I	Kylie under muttered her breath .
tr	I	A jolt of pain shot from the wound , causing Robinson vision 's to sway like the candle and shadows .
tr	O	Emerson looked at her with veiled eyes , trying to figure out what she was thinking .
tr	I	There 's partly you where 're making a mistake .
tr	I	The stars were still visible , and Jessica could tell from the Milky Way that she was headed the in right direction .
tr	O	Here at the NSA , team players wear many hats .
tr	I	' What 's name his ? '
tr	I	I thought about all I had learned , how far I had come , and everything I had to left do .
tr	I	His breath in stilled his lungs .
tr	O	Mrs. Grimes said repeatedly it reminded her of his first heart attack .
tr	I	Sam , there 's no the way guy can 't be in love with you , too .
tr	O	He drives my damages car back to the cottage and took care of everything else .
tr	O	Her right shoe was sitting behind her all by its lonesome , stuck in the mud .
tr	I	Matt shook his head and softly laughed .
tr	I	Parents pay for their children 's college if can they , and you certainly can .
tr	O	Every step backwards was punctuated with a piercing punch that rent the creature with his claws .
tr	O	But she might hurt you for kidnapping me .
tr	I	Humidity my hit face as I stepped into the shower and allowed the hot water to cascade over me .
tr	I	The Coast Guard had authority no beyond twenty-four miles .
tr	O	She didn 't know what else to say , so she hit the door lock button and climbed out of the car .
tr	I	What side you are playing , Abby ?
tr	O	After the sealing of the port of Riva , we gathered once more in the Citadel .
tr	I	The group were all and recollecting analyzing the sights they had just witnessed .
tr	I	His eyes icy hold mine for a moment .
tr	O	Yet she was still lost .
tr	I	I haven 't heard a word from him , not a call or a text and honestly I thought he have would at least tried .
tr	I	A sort of heat that was down settling low inside her .
tr	I	Next they went by cab to an old looking , barn like , building and Dillon wasn sure 't just what for .
tr	I	He had nothing to offer bad but advice .
tr	I	Jeremy not only wanted to get to know her , he wanted her know to him .
tr	O	I 'm ready to be done with this deployment .
tr	I	It 's nothing probably .
tr	O	She felt sad when they left St Paul 's and William said they should be heading home .
tr	I	Its crossbar is hooked to the upper window frame in full view , and its are strings slack .
tr	O	The torn electrical wires were still whipping back and forth , turning the warehouse floor into a deadly sea of static .
tr	I	His power flowed through her , tremendous the power she siphoned from him continuously .
tr	I	Want tell to me what 's going on ?
tr	I	As soon as the words left my mouth , wished I I had phrased that differently .
tr	I	Her tangled long hair whipped around her bare shoulders , tumbling over her flat breasts .
tr	I	A of picture a beach at sunset .
tr	O	Between these two , who fight at the forefront of the Resistance , there is more than friendship and respect .
tr	I	We passed by a group of the men and they were gathering together with talk of building a mining new district here , which sounded intriguing .
tr	I	The night of the fire couldn I 't believe where our conversation had gone .
tr	I	This , surely , was crime a , Jack 's eyes now conveyed .
tr	I	She swamped him with her desire , with rising heat and sudden fear that he would leave alone her .
tr	I	Yes , would Pussy like his women to do a whole load of other things rather than talk .
tr	I	They stopped the at check-in station .
tr	O	Hell , just the divorce hearing with Harry was worth coming to work for , and besides that , I got paid to do it .
tr	I	When the door closed behind them , Amelia looked Joshua at .
tr	O	Not even one generation later , the inherent conflict between the Whites and the Grays arose and the colonists split into two camps .
tr	O	For him who took the right steps there was a chance of ousting all the others .
tr	O	See , here 's the money .
tr	I	On its journey from mountain to volcano , earthquakes rattle the nerves of around people it .
tr	I	Surprisingly intimate for a male , but at the same nowhere time near emasculated .
tr	I	I can 't keep the surprise my from voice .
tr	O	She released a deep breath .
tr	I	Why 't isn Jam Shandy a romantic plot device ?
tr	I	Dank 't isn a transporter .
tr	I	From the slanted her look stepmother gave her , Madeline knew exactly what was going on in Sloane 's mind .
tr	O	The Hero of Ages was not simply to be a warrior , he thought , still riding slowly toward the battlefield .
tr	O	He could use their time together to show her the right way to live .
tr	I	He even had combed his hair .
tr	I	He pulled away , not liking the way her voice gone had all soft and grateful .
tr	O	Lara was talking to the marketing people .
tr	I	I let him guide me out of the heavy smog and into hallway the .
tr	O	I was barely able to stop myself from spitting and yelling at the woman .
tr	I	It seemed that workers in one organisation were promoted another to seemingly unrelated charity .
tr	O	And though Rick had certainly been ready for it , Livvy was just as eager .
tr	O	I let down my guard slowly .
tr	I	The magic zapped the through shelving and into the floor .
tr	O	The hunger was too intense for anything else .
tr	O	You might even be able to forgive him .
tr	O	He should have fled .
tr	I	Over and over they heard the songs of praise and saw a crippled woman old come out of the cabin fully healed .
tr	O	Too ... much ... pain ... She couldn 't move .
tr	I	He was along walking one of the main avenues near the centre of the city .
tr	O	And he would never have her .
tr	O	Her eyes grew wider and wider as he recounted the tale of the night he found her .
tr	I	For some reason , that spark caused no pain , no shock it when flared in this situation .
tr	I	Unsure their of exact plans for the afternoon , he 'd packed sunscreen and bottled water for both of them .
tr	O	Primary Power : The Primary Power is always Telepathy .
tr	O	If they could immerse her in snippets from the history , they might weaken the defences she 'd erected .
tr	O	I was still slightly bitter about Jesse 's date with Jules , not to mention his strange new behavior spilling out of the woodwork .
tr	I	The blood fresh looked .
tr	O	He took a drink and relished the newness of it .
tr	O	I 've tried at least twice to sleep with Gage ... hey ?
tr	O	It made sense , she supposed ; all the Christians took Sundays off .
tr	O	I tried to shake my head , but wasn 't sure if I actually did .
tr	O	It was growing fine , anyone could see that .
tr	I	That didn make 't any sense .
tr	I	For the first time in his life , he didn have 't a clue but it was imperative that he find out .
tr	O	Richard the Lionheart 's reputation came before him .
tr	I	I lifted my head as as much I dared and strained my eyes , trying to see -- Other children .
tr	O	I grinned the one she loved most .
tr	I	I understood it , but left felt out just the same .
tr	O	As she got closer , she stopped dead in her tracks and stared at me .
tr	I	A noise from other the room caught our attention .
tr	I	She had changed the dynamic of relationship their , not William .
tr	O	I yanked out the one marked with Anna 's birth year .
tr	I	He his gritted teeth and prepared for the ride .
tr	O	Alice frowned and lifted her head , sniffing the air -- there was nothing even remotely human in the gesture .
tr	I	She pulled a gun from the handbag from dangling her wrist .
tr	I	The room with its myriad memories brought home a crushing loss , greater than Ice 's on feelings the day of Great Cloud 's funeral .
tr	I	The iron blade pressed into the of hollow Mondrian 's throat .
tr	I	I take look a around .
tr	I	By this the time theater had emptied out .
tr	O	They had clarified for him many things .
tr	O	She snuggled into her cozy seat and let her eyes close .
tr	O	It was here that Bernard found me , sometime later .
tr	O	Josie touched Linda 's shoulder and motioned her to move over .
tr	O	He opened the door and stepped into the hallway .
tr	O	Are ... you ... going ... to kill ... me ... as ... well ?
tr	O	Abbey shot him a look and they both laughed .
tr	I	That 's he all ever wanted .
tr	O	The aroma of the panini coming out of the oven is intoxicating .
tr	O	Tony leaned over the dead man and wiped the blood from his face .
tr	I	A middle-aged woman who had obviously been chosen for her job because she intimidate could Evander Holyfield , she eyed them suspiciously .
tr	O	A step-by-step checklist stored in the sub 's computer .
tr	I	Impatient , Meir closed the and distance swooped him up into a bear hug .
tr	I	I walked from away him .
tr	O	By now Herman had the eleven voices committed to memory , and his wife had spent hours providing matching descriptions .
tr	I	It like was an electric shock , pungent with reality .
tr	O	The simultaneous loss of vehicles and cell phones were linked in some way he hadn 't quite figured out yet .
tr	O	I sat at the gift table and started unwrapping mostly coloring books and Play-Doh .
tr	I	His fingers press into my back as he steers me closer , aligning bodies our .
tr	I	Immediately he below could see the transit van , the driver standing by it , looking up at them , cigarette between his fingers .
tr	I	A for breed aficionados .
tr	O	Why is he giving me his difficult equation face ?
tr	I	Reopening them , caught I him watching me curiously .
tr	O	When they discovered our encampment and the fact that we had food that was much better than theirs , they sent the machines to raid our fields .
tr	O	Nick was surprising everyone .
tr	I	He peeled open box the , and it promptly unfolded into a large barn made of dark wood .
tr	I	There 's something else , something entirely different , something I can 't my put finger on .
tr	O	' I believe you have been planning this for a long time John and so I think you must be the right man to see it through .
tr	O	Terra pressed her lips together .
tr	I	You shouldn 't troubled have yourself to come by .
tr	I	Overcome by the terrible horror , I jumped back and crawled along the wall under the table that stood in the by corner the window .
tr	I	Crystal Crier may been have Hiro , but up close there was no real similarities and that frightened Soul .
tr	I	Sara 's was voice cold .
tr	O	She thought she would be ready for him but he took her by surprise .
tr	O	If she has a new threat on her hands , she 'll need all the details we can provide .
tr	I	I wouldn 't find out for a weeks few just how different it would be .
tr	O	His thick blond locks dropped casually over one ice blue eye .
tr	O	We 've always got your back , Bryn .
tr	I	It hadn 't changed at since all their last time there a good eighteen months earlier .
tr	O	Lights glowed at the far end of the shaft , almost half a kilometer away .
tr	I	All sorts of laws were being forward put , including what to do with surplus recyclable materials .
tr	O	What had I done to piss her off so badly ?
tr	I	Mouse rose up expectantly , his tags jingling , tail his thrashing energetically .
tr	I	She punched out hard , straight his to groin .
tr	I	Hanna pulled out her phone again called and her father 's office number .
tr	I	Thinking of Nan , I at look the clock on the dash for the first time .
tr	I	And my summon scribe .
tr	O	The line here was longer , and when he caught up we turned to each other , and I did a double-take .
tr	O	Coombes muttered something under his breath .
tr	I	Blythe will personally choose his parents , and the two will letters exchange for the first year .
tr	O	He looked at Brian again and nodded .
tr	I	She 'd find another way to get car her back .
tr	O	His gaze moved to Theo , softening as he said , ' Perhaps I should become a father . '
tr	O	Now , in high spirits and a jovial mood they were on their way back to the house for lunch .
tr	I	The words out speed of me in a frenzy .
tr	O	Marvin growled and stalked into the store .
tr	I	When she came into the kitchen , he was traditionally standing else somewhere away from the table and watched her eating .
tr	O	Decent size , Mat thought , grinning to himself as he took off his hat and scratched at the back of his head .
tr	O	A ringing phone woke Eve .
tr	I	I didn 't want to be like every other girl that was infatuated him with .
tr	O	By the time you remember you ordered a coffee it 's cold with scum on the top .
tr	I	In a burst , talked I to fill the stillness .
tr	I	We 'd never done anything more make than out in school .
tr	I	The door and opened Elizabeth Manning stepped out of the house .
tr	I	The unfamiliar and exotic feel , unlike anything I 'd ever experienced before my with limited activities , pushed me over the edge .
tr	O	So many goddamn times .
tr	I	The hammer 'd he used was gone .
tr	I	She sighs , and puts arm her around me .
tr	I	She kicked uselessly at his foot remained which wedged in the door .
tr	I	I can personally vouch for éclairs the .
tr	O	We were making some progress here .
tr	O	Mr. Treadwell wasn 't at all torn between the two young women .
tr	O	Then he lifted his dagger and cut deeply into his left forearm .
tr	I	Meg was her most favourite ( oldie an affectionate term everyone at the Centre had for the members of the Pensioners Club of the Day Centre ) .
tr	O	* At one time there had been no universe , but only chaos .
tr	O	Now that they were away from prying eyes , Billie let go of the tight rein she held over herself .
tr	O	Your color has come back and you look lovely as always .
tr	I	I the pulled driver out and struck .
tr	O	Lucas started the engine , knowing the sound wouldn 't be heard over that of the other motor .
tr	O	Mom finally asked as we rode the elevator to Dad 's room .
tr	I	But it indeed was Jett : the man who had broken my heart twice .
tr	I	She was bored signaling a lack of as interest she moved her legs that were made of musical nodes .
tr	O	Eleanor put down her cigarette and leaned over quickly to kiss him .
tr	I	We could not repopulate , only recycle , and we possessed these bodies human like evil spirits .
tr	O	The phrase kept clicking through Brooke 's head during the drive to her family 's estate late Sunday afternoon .
tr	I	They must have found a way intercept to my communication with the hunters .
tr	I	' But surely you 't wouldn suggest a rat officer could be allowed to arrest a human ? '
tr	O	I don 't like the way his eyes travel over me as if he , too , remembers the Search and enjoys tormenting me with it .
tr	O	She took a step toward the door .
tr	I	In end the , we will see whose methods win out , won 't we ?
tr	O	No one will hurt you .
tr	O	Thank the Wyrd his father had left , because he was fairly certain the king would have flayed her for it .
tr	O	He lowers his lips to my cheek and lightly kisses it , his warm breath colliding with my skin when he speaks .
tr	O	Before Teddy could grab the ball , a monster came running at him .
tr	O	I find some old tea bags , but they are probably out of date , given the state of the kitchen .
tr	I	Or because it was to easy say and pretend what he didn 't feel ?
tr	I	Damn , he deserved to have his pinky other twisted .
tr	O	Up until today I hadn 't exchanged more than a greeting with Harry .
tr	O	He motioned with his chin and my eyes followed .
tr	O	He slipped two fingers into her needy channel , filling her .
tr	I	I can think 't of anything . '
tr	I	She was practically the running inn single-handedly now .
tr	I	The XV stands for Vehicle Extreme .
tr	I	This her was wedding day and she wouldn 't be rushed .
tr	I	not at good all .
tr	I	Perry didn 't her follow .
tr	I	Unfortunately , such simple a solution was bound to create far more difficulties than it would solve .
tr	I	These trees were protecting the pond the for Sorceress .
tr	I	The editor asked details for .
tr	I	He was no longer bleeding , but along wounds those were glowing smears of yellow .
tr	I	You ask why he a needed crew ?
tr	I	He walked over to Darryl and checked his pupils his and pulse .
tr	O	A figure moved in the blue-black darkness at the very back of the space , hidden behind overcoats and leather jackets and furs .
tr	I	I don ´ t to want lose that .
tr	O	The diamond necklace and matching earrings must have been priceless .
tr	I	Then Milne brought a hand to her mouth suppress to a cough .
tr	O	He noted with relief that they did not seem to be too large , maybe kobolds or goblins .
tr	O	The L. J. Dennys website was three years old .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure she wanted to talk about this , but surprised herself by answering anyway .
tr	O	But at the last moment Kellan shifted his aim , shooting past Crowe and hitting his pilot .
tr	O	He gestured to the ocean shattering itself against the rocks far below .
tr	O	Clyde only mirrored Quin .
tr	I	Otto come would home at night and talk excitedly about the boiler room .
tr	I	I 'm sure it infested 's with who-knows-what .
tr	I	I 've decided should I not to tell him my life 's in danger .
tr	O	He frequently traveled north of the main room and peered down the third hall with the last hall in sight , but he didn 't go .
tr	I	I saw crossing Lyn the street in such haste .
tr	I	I fucking hate that she gave her him virginity .
tr	O	Grant rolled his eyes and leaned back , propping his feet on the table .
tr	I	For the first time today I feel relaxed enough that I know I can perform a Search and hopefully Laila help .
tr	I	Mina asked , trying act to indifferent about it .
tr	I	My little godson was one turning today .
tr	O	I see Maddie smirk , amused , out the corner of my eye , and let my own lips curve into a smirk .
tr	O	How were his words being used or misused in modern day ?
tr	I	The receptionists knew obviously him by name .
tr	O	We were just friends .
tr	O	Elliot gestured to the visitor 's chair , and Simon wondered which politician he was mimicking .
tr	I	Like it or not , we 're both far from home , but at least have we each other .
tr	I	She herself found unable to look away as she noted they seemed more silver than green .
tr	I	Cullen 't didn even glance to the tall , burly redhead who was his first .
tr	I	My fingers tightened around the barrel of gun the .
tr	I	That 's not bad for something that 't didn belong to them in the first place .
tr	I	Calvin wondered as the time on his waterproof thankfully Casio resumed crawling .
tr	I	It seemed like before forever those red eyes shifted toward her .
tr	O	Liam focused on the car , then turned to the park .
tr	O	Not while he was still partially in human form .
tr	I	But they 't didn .
tr	O	He seats himself in a cushioned chair near the edge of my bed .
tr	I	Ryder didn bother 't to watch and see if she went willingly .
tr	O	You are about to enter a brownie community .
tr	O	A snorting noise came from inside the gap .
tr	O	About what I 've done .
tr	I	Liz didn 't stop to turn around ; she didn 't want to late be .
tr	I	Bill thought about it and thanked her the for talk .
tr	I	I Ariel tell as she lay unconscious .
tr	O	In addition , we 've seen two terrible winters .
tr	O	Now that we were back at the stream , we could catch fish too .
tr	I	I forgot about my for problems a second .
tr	I	I give cannot you your innocence , but I will give you power .
tr	I	After a brief kiss , he did indeed jump up out bed of and start pulling on his clothes .
tr	I	Not like the first time the in park .
tr	O	Any girl would fall over and stumble to be noticed by him .
tr	I	I felt sick literally being compared to this animal .
tr	O	Yes , your Honor , but I had a good reason .
tr	O	You will tell the Mayor that I don 't care what he wants .
tr	I	She moved tentatively forward .
tr	O	I couldn 't recall the man ever uttering the word good-bye , or hello for that matter .
tr	O	I asked as she walked by .
tr	I	They spoke as if the place was in chaos , that their jobs gone were . '
tr	I	We made our way back the to ledge and looked down .
tr	O	I didn 't say anything .
tr	O	Jules gave us what appeared to be a truly genuine smile as she drew close .
tr	O	He became our guardian of sorts .
tr	O	I can 't take sitting here , Jax .
tr	I	Betty shrugged , her eyes shadowed with and worry confusion .
tr	I	Having him as a close can friend only help .
tr	O	She regretted the words almost instantly .
tr	O	I nodded , said nothing .
tr	O	I leaned against the wall , protected by the roof overhand from the rain .
tr	O	So were most of the competitors , it seemed .
tr	O	In my disorienting underwater prison , I heard the muted yells of Dex and the faraway sound of glass breaking .
tr	O	She paused to make a slight adjustment in my hold .
tr	O	But , he realized , the limo , like the resort 's owner , catered to people 's fantasies .
tr	O	They wouldn 't send us into harm 's way if they didn 't think we were useful .
tr	I	The golden simple band added a forgotten weight to her hand .
tr	O	After a moment he smiled .
tr	I	I knew what was in bottle the .
tr	O	I must do that .
tr	I	Alaric married stays to Keeley .
tr	O	A note was propped up on one of the pillows , the leather braided bracelet below it .
tr	I	They the were leaders .
tr	I	What mattered is that had I an idea .
tr	I	He never 'd stopped missing her .
tr	I	What was it about that young woman that was so damn attractive , was it because she was so like much ... .
tr	I	I know it 's not rational and I 've never given a shit about a woman 's previous conquests , but I care about 's Cassie .
tr	O	He lifts my hand and kisses it .
tr	I	In the distance , the sun touched the horizon , and grew even an deeper red .
tr	I	She ascended the ramp cargo .
tr	I	I instinctively up bring Quinn 's username on my cuff .
tr	O	The other ended with it being used for cataclysmic destruction .
tr	I	Xander laughed from his belly at some of vain the poses .
tr	O	I groaned , twisting myself around on the couch and resting my cuffed hands on top of me .
tr	O	He had to grip his thighs , nails sinking deep , to keep his claws off her .
tr	I	Fiona heard jangling keys , a soft snap and a beam of blue light appeared from her mother hand 's .
tr	I	Winston was glad to take an afternoon off and visit the library city .
tr	I	Why were they marked and wasn she 't ?
tr	I	Can hurt 't anybody here .
tr	O	Kelsey didn 't need to try that hard to get a guy 's interest .
tr	O	She 's the granddaughter - probably the third generation of a monster !
tr	I	We have to run by my house and up pick Kilo .
tr	I	Ray about moved on the couch , shifted his weight .
tr	O	An unused fireplace , flanked by two well-lit niches , is located on the far wall .
tr	O	A powerhouse on the field , he took no chances and toppled his challengers one after another .
tr	I	John at twinkled him .
tr	O	She dragged herself through the inky darkness .
tr	O	It was an image that Richard would never be able to erase from his memory .
tr	I	Okay , so not as much a disaster a as ho-hum snooze fest .
tr	I	Dorian watched every lesson with eyes piercing that caught every detail .
tr	O	It pounded against his eyes and scratched at his veins trying to get out .
tr	O	Then that speeder shot back towards us .
tr	I	She waited patiently while employer her finished talking .
tr	O	The old woman looked at the thing .
tr	I	Brooke snatched the comb out of son her 's hand .
tr	O	Yet then she frowned .
tr	O	Thus , my first professional writing was published under the name of Al Marcus .
tr	O	Immediate dislike rose in response to Lucian 's presence .
tr	I	I had the good sense keep to that thought private though .
tr	I	You what 're I 've always wanted Celeste .
tr	I	Dennis kept as steady he took the weapon .
tr	O	Not once in all of this have I stopped to consider Pete 's feelings about our burgeoning relationship .
tr	O	Colin inadvertently hit on the perfect way to break news that she may not like and avoid her formidable temper in the process .
tr	I	Reaching the bottom , noticed Fredrick a cave dimly lit near the edge of the lake .
tr	O	She recognized that feeling .
tr	I	There was a only table and chairs .
tr	I	Her legs looked smooth silky , almost glossy .
tr	I	Someone across the room it opened .
tr	O	He parked the truck beside the airport office , where stairs led down to the cellar door .
tr	I	He loves that doing sort of thing .
tr	I	The didn 'ts give I you I know .
tr	I	He strapped to her the bed and spanked her ass until she was screaming for his cock .
tr	I	Turning , the fierce look in Andrew 's eyes makes them appear fiery almost , making him look frightening .
tr	O	He quickly brought his right hand behind his back and stepped my direction .
tr	I	He too was wearing a golden adorned crown with colorful jewels and sitting crooked on his head .
tr	O	At first I couldn 't see anything out of the ordinary .
tr	I	I hastily did the same with my towel so could I follow .
tr	O	It did not take long to confirm the initial French finding .
tr	I	If the Freaks had destroyed the place , they would still be there , and the buildings wouldn 't be intact so .
tr	O	He tugged gently , bringing her closer , her lips within kissing distance .
tr	O	It was true ; the Hall had been in session for hours and had only just gone into a short recess .
tr	I	The petition was filed with Regional the Court .
tr	O	I ran my hand over where the door had been .
tr	O	In the seriousness of the moment , my haze sharpened and he stopped spinning .
tr	I	His gaze made me jump was it so intense , burning .
tr	O	The Dead guy had leaped off the bike , and he was jabbering away at it , as if he could see it .
tr	I	She watched as reached Jeff for his wallet , but immediately realize his mistake .
tr	I	Suddenly there were hands his around collar .
tr	O	The whole operation has taken only ten minutes .
tr	I	The that exposure kept her safe also exposed her when she most wished to be private .
tr	O	She did not want the events of this evening to be detected by mere mortals , it would only add more complications to an already frustrating time .
tr	O	She 'd shown it in countless ways in bed and out .
tr	I	And I 'm sorry to say , that Toby includes Haynes .
tr	I	His hung arm from his body , barely attached , and his face was completely destroyed .
tr	O	Mary Ellen smiled softly and gave his hands a gentle squeeze .
tr	O	Those who would take advantage of such a situation arose from the desert .
tr	O	She glanced back at me .
tr	O	It made him feel almost human , when paradoxical concepts like that went through his mind .
tr	O	Every word out of her mouth tickled funny bones Cybele hadn 't known existed .
tr	O	* Chapter 20 I 'M A TURTLE , GENIUS Roger stood in the florescent light of his brother 's bathroom .
tr	I	' Oh she won 't be for in ages yet , ' said Angelina .
tr	O	They have hunted me for years .
tr	O	She stared at Socks , then at Derek , trying to slow down her emotional overload .
tr	I	The valet didn 't look even to Cameron for confirmation .
tr	O	Devon glances from one to the other , feeling left out .
tr	I	I was here fight to for him .
tr	I	And she couldn 't bear witnessing turmoil his .
tr	I	He did not want to think about what would if happen it could not .
tr	O	I pause as my eyebrow flips up .
tr	I	It was letting any of part her guard down around Ford .
tr	I	What if I simply refused the at job hand ?
tr	O	Jake pulled the cutlass from its scabbard .
tr	O	Wrong words , as it seemed .
tr	O	Then his hand carefully cupped the bottom of her chin , thrusting it forward .
tr	O	It seemed the place had come alive and the more they danced , the more the place cheered .
tr	I	An exquisite choker golden was worn around her neck .
tr	I	Hell , had I a reaction .
tr	O	He has just saved me after all .
tr	O	What the hell was she wearing ?
tr	O	The scenic setting could easily have been taken from the pages of any travel magazine .
tr	I	I told him put to it back in my garage when he finished with it !
tr	I	Better to see her than now to have her come looking for him later .
tr	O	The girl had long , dark hair that streaked behind her as she ran and she turned laughingly to look at her mother .
tr	O	He knew very little about a woman 's pregnancy past the creation phase , so he 'd accept her word on that one .
tr	I	Her mad ' ra would be furious with her if knew she where she was right now .
tr	I	There 's a shuffle in the back and a bang against screen the that shields us from it .
tr	I	With the promise of wealth , Jackson could be convinced to run drugs a as wolf .
tr	I	And 60 over percent of interior spaces , too .
tr	O	Being without a soul had numbed her of emotional feeling , and as the many years progressed she came to understand that about herself more and more .
tr	O	He tilts his head .
tr	I	He is mastering a second language and sitting a in classroom with mostly indigenous children learning math , social studies and science in a foreign language .
tr	O	Scarcely a minute had passed since he had left the D.D. 's office and no one had overtaken him .
tr	I	Edward opened her and door offered his hand for Ilona to steady herself with as she alighted .
tr	I	I didn want 't to mind , but deep down , I did .
tr	I	So time this around , I needed a reliable way to fix my position on Mars .
tr	I	Something in lit Clay 's eyes and flared to life .
tr	O	He concentrated on the gaping void in his stomach ; on the nagging hunger that had begun to gnaw at his insides .
tr	I	A ripple of comfort that felt like Cain brushed mind her , gone so soon , she wasn 't sure she 'd felt it at all .
tr	I	The guy behind the counter must think he was the cheapest guy in the world , bringing his date to a like dive this .
tr	O	His phone was turned off .
tr	O	I said , taking in her puffy red eyes and the fact that she hadn 't made much of an effort with her appearance again .
tr	O	Just like that , my appetite vanished .
tr	O	It was a terrifying thought , confusing and unsettling .
tr	O	We didn 't tell Brady , not because we wanted to keep it secret , but because we didn 't want it to be awkward .
tr	O	As far as Michaels could tell , this Jeffrey was nothing more than another worthless denizen of Old Haven , docile and ready to serve .
tr	I	A few hours being of tired far outweighed a month worth of taunting .
tr	I	He her gave a low bow .
tr	O	Everyone laughed , as if that were the stupidest question .
tr	O	Nicholas slumped against it , bloody and broken in ways gods should 've never been .
tr	I	He stared straight and ahead drove on in silence .
tr	O	But deep down I knew where the line was drawn .
tr	O	There is no time to mourn .
tr	I	He never believed the stories that about place , or any other place they cared to talk about .
tr	O	I 'm in control enough to ignore it for now .
tr	I	Tony had to get out it of .
tr	I	But the sentry 's lips had a bluish tinge to them , and shivered he as he spoke .
tr	O	This meant they had reached the point in the interview where the interviewee was supposed to ask one or two intelligent questions .
tr	O	I didn 't kill nobody .
tr	O	We have cogs representing blocks of hundreds of years .
tr	O	He eighteen and Carol seventeen .
tr	I	I guess I 'd be wary of strangers too if I through lived whatever happened here .
tr	I	The man had not anyone seen .
tr	I	Further , there was something nearly about precious the feeling that he 'd done something she approved of .
tr	I	It sounds like she really needs someone to to talk , but I don 't have time .
tr	O	I frowned at him .
tr	O	Please don 't tell her , Nanna !
tr	I	There was epidemic no .
tr	I	Still movement no from Michael .
tr	I	A shirt lay strewn his on straw mattress , but other than that , there was barely anything else contained in that room .
tr	O	It had been a long time .
tr	I	My boots sank into soft something .
tr	I	The phrase proper was ' consumed by them ' .
tr	I	If Zane weren 't so off balance , it would have almost fun been to see Ty bested by someone else .
tr	O	Gareth shifted on his feet , impatient , waiting for it all to end .
tr	I	She would have done anything for him and McAllister it knew .
tr	O	I used his own favorite pet name to affectionate effect .
tr	O	She wouldn 't be better off with me near her , and that 's why I took my distance .
tr	I	I don 't where know I 'm going . '
tr	O	The little bit of light that she was relying on to keep her sane vanished as a cloud passed under the sun .
tr	O	But other news can wait .
tr	I	He never 'd spoken of it .
tr	O	The random question threw me at first .
tr	I	You will not be to talking him .
tr	I	Is there a out way ?
tr	I	A and home a family that wasn 't really mine ?
tr	I	That was as much practice he as was going to get .
tr	I	Claire reached for the remote and turned up the volume ; the dulcet tones of Rapunzel drowning the out drumming beat .
tr	I	He placed his hot hand on Kelly sticky 's , sweaty shoulder .
tr	I	There were high racks of gear camouflage in every conceivable shade of green and brown , in sizes down to infant sleepers .
tr	O	They were both young and shared a wholehearted enthusiasm for each other 's company .
tr	O	I rolled on what felt like soft ground .
tr	O	' I have received word .
tr	I	For I all knew , he could be back at the house waiting for me .
tr	I	Colonel Adani removed his gloves , but in one swift move , he slammed his open palms each into man 's chest .
tr	I	The voices are hushed but I can hear them better I than could in my room .
tr	I	Lady An issued a blast from her scepter that sent a glob of glutinous winging energy into its core .
tr	O	Annie thanked him kindly .
tr	I	Andrea 's mouth tight went , the pucker of the word remaining as she frowned .
tr	O	Arnica is part of a flower .
tr	I	He carefully 'd hoarded information , showing the same obsession with which Cassidy had tracked data about the hunters who 'd killed Donovan .
tr	I	Turning , he looked at his mother and she saw was smiling .
tr	I	I can on manage my own .
tr	I	He began swirling fingers his around , dipping down into me .
tr	I	He past moved her .
tr	O	Emeline turned back to Samuel to find him watching her .
tr	O	His bloodied snout broke inward , a shard of bone lodging in his brain .
tr	O	He held the phone in front of the EMT and they both nodded in agreement that it was him .
tr	I	What I do expect next ?
tr	I	Why can 't be teachers like that ?
tr	I	Raj felt inadequate the but Chief eased his anxiety .
tr	I	Michele lay on the dirty bed , a calm strange came over her beautiful face , like she knew that no one could kill her .
tr	I	Surprised , he blinked away the emotion , then at stood full attention to honor his friend and colleague .
tr	I	The flew ball out of the plaza and into the street , crowded with the living .
tr	O	They were joining , their molecules blending and twining together in a sensuous dance that was soothing and beautiful .
tr	O	He turned back a few pages .
tr	O	I find the perfect rope .
tr	I	Edward seemed at completely ease .
tr	O	I patted his knee , not surprised when I got a little shock .
tr	I	Would even I be me ?
tr	I	The list went on , and the price kept dropping -- until it listed for the time last as a short sale .
tr	O	She 'd cried so much in the last few weeks .
tr	I	It is valuable a item .
tr	I	He loved elves , though he seldom met them ; but he was a little frightened them of too .
tr	O	For the moment , she allowed herself the luxury of belonging to him , of knowing he wanted her .
tr	O	She tapped a forefinger on the steering wheel .
tr	O	And there seems no great pressure to increase the efficiency of the procedure and make it worthwhile .
tr	I	Jeremy gives me a smile half .
tr	I	Minutes went by , than a half hour , and finally the office door opened and the man came without out the package .
tr	O	Something was very , very wrong .
tr	O	Anyway , she carries the Safe Passage Certificates , so there is no way around taking her along .
tr	I	It didn happen 't .
tr	O	Even Uncle Ian had one .
tr	I	The room had she visited once before .
tr	I	It looks clean , 300 about yards in front of your crater .
tr	O	' The critical question is ... are they still alive ? '
tr	I	She knew there was plenty to discuss , but she was sure she that wouldn 't be able to focus .
tr	I	She wore pristine white gloves barely that reached the bottom of her wrist where they buttoned with little pearls .
tr	O	He exhaled a slow groan and weighed the possibilities .
tr	O	She realised the pointless battle she was entering .
tr	I	He pictured her poring over them , at hard work .
tr	I	Although she expected sunshine later the in day , right now the morning was overcast and drizzly .
tr	I	I peel the from magazine my midriff and offer it to Thayer .
tr	I	I lifted my chin and looked Marcus straight in eye the .
tr	O	An intense panic rose inside me .
tr	I	As my brother said , what is is done done .
tr	I	I released him when I saw that Fred , Klein and Jason approaching were .
tr	I	Perhaps because it had a name that he had always pondered , the train in terminating the far north town made sense .
tr	I	There is a single glass in sink the .
tr	O	One of the very few things that could have hindered my good mood had just happened .
tr	I	She smoothed his hair back and adjusted his blankets before sinking onto the bed him beside and holding his hand .
tr	O	He enjoyed his freedom too much .
tr	I	He waved pale a hand .
tr	O	This at least suggested he could be entering somewhere indoors .
tr	I	It 's from my book The of Sleight Heart and Other Stories .
tr	O	But he couldn 't say that .
tr	O	Despite their numerical advantage , the fallen angels receded from Scott , whose sheer strength and size gave him the upper hand .
tr	O	Mainly it was the view from the window that caught her eye .
tr	O	I 'd like you to go with Will .
tr	I	His eyes lit and up Kylie didn 't doubt he was tel ing the truth .
tr	O	Since the truck was acting as pack mule , no one had to carry much .
tr	I	She looked up at the face Antal of Justus .
tr	I	The rang phone again .
tr	I	It was Monday night when heard she from Sal again .
tr	I	The need to her claim struck him to the core .
tr	I	What was going to happen no one really knew , but a definite feel delight of was apparent .
tr	I	Maybe I 'm wrong for leaving , but want I to venture out .
tr	I	They turned their blank sides grey to her : what was on the other side ?
tr	O	I had a long , hot shower and had spent a long time preparing for this dinner with Merritt .
tr	I	Mikhail and stared Jacques at one another , dark sorrow in their eyes .
tr	O	But it wasn 't enough .
tr	I	I never said I had talent the .
tr	I	I don 't know if can I take the hands of the giving , faithful soldiers -- only to lead them to their deaths .
tr	O	We don 't have anyone waiting for us .
tr	I	she said , curling her against fingers the glass .
tr	I	My throat closed as Yun Sun 's words back wormed to me .
tr	I	Suddenly she self-conscious felt .
tr	O	She didn 't move to take it .
tr	O	Leon ( laughing ) : Yes , Kane , this wolf shot itself .
tr	I	His bed 's unmade and tell to the truth I have no clue if that 's normal .
tr	O	These were the cases Hunter enjoyed .
tr	O	said Zack , sounding hurt , and looking towards Fintan .
tr	I	But that was because another man had planted his in flag her subconscious and claimed her thoughts .
tr	I	She shoved the at ring him .
tr	O	He walked to the door , opened it , and spoke to the man in the hall .
tr	I	I would not him let .
tr	O	His legs wobbled and his head swam , but his desperation to get to the girl at the platform outweighed his discomfort .
tr	I	Her TV only received local channels and the color faded in and out at will .
tr	I	The rest of the hill had been drawn the to body .
tr	O	I pretended not to hear .
tr	O	It is not a sign of specialness that I can have any woman .
tr	I	Dylan some spooned rice onto his plate .
tr	I	He would be only a few minutes .
tr	I	I turn to face him in dusty the dining room .
tr	I	And if had another , that person might not have guessed its significance .
tr	I	After my smart I remark had to let her go .
tr	O	The walls around him appeared to be one thick solid mass , smooth and unbroken except for the hole , high above .
tr	O	She glanced up at his smile .
tr	I	She leaned the over secured stretcher .
tr	I	He and leans bad breathes into my face .
tr	O	I ushered her over to the couch so we could sit and talk .
tr	O	' North dock , ' his lieutenant told him .
tr	I	He glanced at me , surprisingly and , he smiled .
tr	O	The whole length of my arm had been swallowed by the floor of the well .
tr	I	Relics of the of Age Legends .
tr	O	His story is they hadn 't planned to kill Noah .
tr	O	I clear my throat , then look over my shoulder at Eden .
tr	I	Rumor has it that some fishermen are even taking Asian dead carp to other rivers , hoping to contaminate that river 's carp population as well .
tr	I	All fun and unless games you were holding sweaty palms -- not Zeke 's .
tr	I	I take a few sips of water and at glance my watch .
tr	O	They stood , still as statues , holding their weapons at the ready .
tr	I	He dropped the parachute next to a wide-eyed Emerson opened and the scratched metal doors of cabinets one after another .
tr	I	Kathryn asked coming to around greet me .
tr	I	What if they just stood awkwardly there , staring into space ?
tr	O	What was he trying to do to me ?
tr	O	Some had a combination of all of these colors .
tr	O	In just a few days , Allie , Nick , and Lief came to know all there was to know about life in Mary 's world .
tr	O	It was too thin and wore a discreet front .
tr	O	She lifted her hand and blew on the flame percolating from her fingertips .
tr	O	In actuality his family probably thought he was stranger than anyone else did .
tr	I	She pushed off from the bumper and took a few quick steps away , peering into shadows the beneath it .
tr	I	Kara Helen squeezed 's hand .
tr	O	Maybe he 'd completely forget what he 'd said if she just let the subject drop .
tr	O	I looked at the people shuffling around the kitchen and wondered if they 'd help me .
tr	O	Nate threw the cupcake at Denny as hard as he could .
tr	I	He doesn want 't to .
tr	I	' What does mean that ? '
tr	I	But pounding his must have already woken Marika and her father .
tr	O	After a moment of hesitation , the guys all crowded forward to see what the box held .
tr	O	I want them to be happy , I guess .
tr	I	The twins were so engrossed in their that argument they failed to notice her entrance , which she found quite disrespectful .
tr	I	I open up door her for her and she crawls into the red Mazda XIII .
tr	I	He 't doesn make our mistakes disappear .
tr	O	We walked to the corner and as the taxi pulled over , I realized that I wasn 't ready .
tr	I	Maybe it would be if different Ellen had been innocent .
tr	I	We were at a junction tunnel .
tr	O	Sighing , he got off and pulled Buzzard out of the mud with some difficulty ; his body was limp and unresponsive .
tr	I	Todd didn know 't what to believe .
tr	O	Strange to say , he had gotten used to the pain .
tr	O	Then he took a deep breath and set off in Nik 's footsteps .
tr	O	They both grew silent .
tr	O	Adams seized upon the potential link to Rory Davenport and asked Sam to suspend his foraging for the living version , Cameron Hastings .
tr	O	I didn 't like what happened the last two days .
tr	I	Kara stopped abruptly , grabbing 's Maddie arm so she didn 't lose her in the congested mass of holiday shoppers .
tr	O	Surrender heaved from my lungs in a heavy sigh .
tr	O	His expression must have betrayed him , for Catherine gave a small laugh .
tr	I	A Companion on the 8 Road .
tr	I	Anything she said was sure to get back Jordan to .
tr	O	He could not be taught ; he could only be dealt with as ill .
tr	I	Sean stood up , heart thumping , pulled out his cell phone , and his called father .
tr	O	Then the familiar tide of anger surged up .
tr	O	I sat , deflated , and then resumed the clacking on my keyboard .
tr	O	Her knees buckled and she would have collapsed but for the strong support of an arm around her waist .
tr	I	Only a few other came students to the half-circle bleachers that surrounded the stadium during this time of day .
tr	I	Her sensations were drowning in warm feelings feelings - she 'd experienced so rarely in her life and only with this man .
tr	O	It was basically a slap on the wrist for the amount of drugs the kid had been caught with .
tr	I	Millie Dupree 's husband showed up but didn stay 't long .
tr	I	But the job seemed perfect I so had pushed my doubts to the back of my mind .
tr	O	Die like a man , if that was your fate , with your sword in hand .
tr	O	Tagging a grounder toward center field , she flew toward first base , and straight for Ryan guarding it .
tr	O	Had he been a fellow soldier Talon would have left him to look after himself , but he wasn 't a soldier .
tr	O	If Robin had planned a blitz attack on my body and heart , he was going about it exactly right .
tr	O	I began to feel bile rising up into my throat .
tr	I	There would be no for room error .
tr	O	Although she had accepted his dinner invitation she wanted to make it clear to Rico that dinner was all he was going to get .
tr	I	Borden caught himself with both against hands the wall , pushed off and spun to face her .
tr	I	Grace caught her breath and went still him against .
tr	O	It 'd been found in Malcolm 's car , which was discovered the day after Emily and Colton were murdered .
tr	O	A service trolley waited for me in the corner , so I tried lifting the lid off the dinner plate .
tr	O	The Royal Ball had everyone in London talking and Luciana demanded only the best preparations for the evening .
tr	O	He was good old Colton , the guy who 'd been my friend for longer than I could remember , and we were about to have sex .
tr	I	He was a kicker for Fremont forty High years ago , the first and last time our high school won the state championship .
tr	I	Moving fast didn 't sound bad so .
tr	O	My terror was the salute that mortal flesh gives to immortal things .
tr	O	he asks me over the rhythmic humming sound .
tr	I	' Depending on how urgent the cargo was ... gosh , don I 't know ... one , two days , max . '
tr	I	He dimmed the cabin lights and leaned back , mug hand in , to stare out into the endless night that surrounded the ship .
tr	I	Andrea to whispered herself .
tr	I	My tired mind tried to process the long stream of words , but I sort of got stuck on the part first .
tr	I	Her tongue comes out and she licks fry the before taking it between her teeth .
tr	I	They feel they have they all need .
tr	O	I waved my hand dismissively .
tr	O	When the household party had arrived home , she 'd been transported straight to bed in Call me Teddy 's arms .
tr	I	It tottered in its various jigsaw pieces and then began to tumble into loony chasms darkness of .
tr	I	There was a sharp smack as fifty hit blades the water in unison .
tr	O	I watched her turn her head from side to side before looking behind her and seeing me walking towards her .
tr	I	They just both looked at him , each grave in their own way .
tr	O	Silas gave them a wink and crossed the room .
tr	O	And with that , the agent hung up .
tr	O	No matter how beautiful , Mike knew that somewhere beneath that same dusk dwelled another kind of existence .
tr	O	I push the Off button .
tr	I	It was life our .
tr	O	It was at least twenty feet high .
tr	O	Iona stood above him without shame , a woman enjoying the freedom of being bare under the starlight .
tr	O	Simon ran a hand through his thinning hair .
tr	O	Even though she stayed in the condo , she was running from him now every bit as much as she 'd run eleven months ago .
tr	I	But for all that , she didn 't have ability the to protect her heart .
tr	O	It was high school all over again .
tr	O	My instinct to do so was misguided as a blue laser cut through the door like it was paper just above my head .
tr	O	Amber had spent her time meeting people and going to parties .
tr	I	She groaned arched and .
tr	I	On impulse , I set up laptop my .
tr	I	Antonietta coughed , thrashed an in effort to be rid of the foul-smelling material .
tr	O	I 'm glad you know . '
tr	I	Before another synapse fire could , she exploded across the room .
tr	O	But she radiates that quality of frailty .
tr	O	Are you sure you won 't have a bath ?
tr	I	To Mother my and Father .
tr	I	Not a chap bad .
tr	I	Peering out , she breathed a sigh of she relief discovered that the big guy was gone .
tr	O	He can feel a familiar kind of anger growing beneath his chest , and he wants to find something to calm the acid bubbling in his stomach .
tr	O	Daniel dropped down in front of me and shoved a hand through my hair , wrenching my head back .
tr	O	I was so shocked at her affection that I couldn 't move my lips at first .
tr	O	I wink , extending the cup of polonium .
tr	I	She bit her lip and tucked one foot her underneath .
tr	O	I wanted to protect her .
tr	O	He knocks on the bedroom door , opens it and mumbles something as he hands her the sweater .
tr	I	There was and purity honesty in her voice .
tr	O	I kept trying to find out where you were from your mom and grandparents .
tr	O	' We 're not going to make it ! '
tr	O	He 'll either willingly convince her to come or he 'll kill you to get to her .
tr	O	I would not allow her pleas to affect me .
tr	O	It was difficult enough to trade schedules in order to fly up to Seattle .
tr	O	He leaned in to kiss Autumn 's cheek and then stood to glance at the monitors .
tr	I	Ten accused writers who to refused answer the committee 's questions were sent to jail .
tr	O	Please , God , she thought , don 't let me start feeling that way again .
tr	O	Funny , coming from a guy who looked more monster than man while he hid in the shadows , but whatever .
tr	O	We read the article thoroughly together .
tr	I	Did know he himself ?
tr	I	It built fast , it built huge , before it happened I knew it was going be to overwhelming .
tr	O	Honestly , in that second my fingers tingled , wanting to run through it or fix it or just feel it .
tr	I	Then Kelly looked at anxiously Andrew .
tr	O	Leaving Seattle was my salvation .
tr	O	she wondered , carefully holding on to her shopping bags .
tr	I	Rafe growled nearly when the nurse walked in .
tr	O	His mouth pressed to hers .
tr	O	There is only solid rock beneath it .
tr	I	The idea living of a life and knowing what I 'd done was going to consume me forever .
tr	I	She at looked the ground , a tear sliding down her face .
tr	O	The spot on my mom 's temple was the size of a pea when she found it , and six months later she was dead .
tr	I	A ghost of a touched smile her lips and she dropped her shovel and came over .
tr	O	He looked down on the people far below , they looked like ants from the high vantage point and to him , they were ants .
tr	O	As she stands , the spikes elongate and more of them pop out along her skin .
tr	O	My vision tunnels and I gasp .
tr	I	He been 'd worried about her for a while .
tr	I	I closed my eyes , my mouth into curving a frown .
tr	I	If there was leak a in the Bureau , it needed to be plugged immediately .
tr	O	But what was she to do to help the boss .
tr	O	I smiled when his gaze drifted for the shortest second .
tr	O	There was something going on that I didn 't know about , but I figured it wasn 't any of my business and soon forgot about it .
tr	I	In those first moments Jenny didn 't stop to wonder how she could still either see of them .
tr	O	She gasped in pain at the sudden motion .
tr	O	We stepped into the backyard , which was clear of the trees that crowded around the front of the house .
tr	O	Oh , incidentally , just a plain dress .
tr	I	Ali was pacing once more then and slapped Brad on the arm .
tr	I	He had seen it times many in his jabbing brief flights around the patio .
tr	O	All weekend Lauren had been thinking about her conversation with Angie .
tr	I	And again once everyone talked about it being a true sign from God .
tr	I	Manfred had learned this from reading Texas his guidebook .
tr	O	I saw her father waiting for her with his scooter .
tr	O	A single high-caliber round left her barrel and almost instantly struck the Cylon , exploding .
tr	O	And maybe it was .
tr	I	I wanted to into crawl a hole somewhere .
tr	I	At the same time , I was aware sounded I obsessed .
tr	O	Your father says the monsoon season might not be over .
tr	O	Besides , I needed answers and I was so tired of waiting around for Dank to tell me .
tr	O	She glanced down at herself and back up .
tr	O	I still have to pick her up when she 's done working , and take her home , and drive her to school tomorrow .
tr	O	I tried to move my legs and then realized that I was completely paralyzed .
tr	I	All of us happy were .
tr	I	She 't hadn expected any of it .
tr	I	Chapter 6 Benjamin beautiful -- Benjamin !
tr	I	He felt a little in better the late evening when Newt shook him awake .
tr	I	Tom and Ken were excellent all-around players , able to bump , set spike and well .
tr	I	He at grinned her .
tr	O	' Thank you Jenny . '
tr	I	He reluctant seemed to look at her .
tr	I	I was about to hoist myself up onto the bridge five about feet above us , but Derek held me back .
tr	I	She swallowed as thickly her stomach tightened .
tr	O	They both turned away from him .
tr	O	His face lit up the room .
tr	I	He been had watching too ?
tr	O	Make him come to you .
tr	I	The two groups gathered back the at entrance .
tr	I	I stopped looked and around me .
tr	I	Not someone me like .
tr	I	If her prospective husband was looking for a job , that meant he 't didn have one .
tr	O	They 'd been in fire , all right - Mab 's murderous elemental blaze .
tr	O	That makes a lot more sense .
tr	I	It could about be her former relationship with Jack or sleeping with Cain now .
tr	O	She thought so , too .
tr	I	Viper a made rude noise .
tr	I	We a 're team .
tr	O	I was struck with a sudden inspiration .
tr	O	He cursed himself when he gazed at his handiwork .
tr	O	CHAPTER 33 Addie : I 'm getting the word welcome tattooed on my forehead .
tr	O	She turned her back to him as he pulled on clean black pants .
tr	I	Ren gripped phone the as fury tore through him .
tr	O	He patiently waits until Nate joins him and then he nods at Dante .
tr	O	Something about that name had triggered a memory , Leo figured , and it must have been a painful memory .
tr	O	He stood in the small kitchen , eating his sandwich and wondering what he was going to do next , where he was supposed to go .
tr	O	Oh hell , this was going to be torture .
tr	I	She needed prioritize to .
tr	O	I shook my head .
tr	I	Things are always more complicated when can you touch them .
tr	O	I was someone who should be avoided at all costs .
tr	O	I 'm not going to lie ; it scared me so badly I seriously about peed my pants .
tr	O	Leaning in to kiss you good night .
tr	I	He opened it and showed it Charlie to .
tr	O	He ducked low and hurried across the lobby , staying close to the far wall so that his shadow had no chance of reaching the smoked glass .
tr	I	Maybe it had been nightmare a .
tr	O	At first he thought she wasn 't going to answer .
tr	I	Sawyer 's arms , all hard muscle , banded around her , and one settled hand on her backside , molding their bodies together .
tr	O	All along I knew her parents traveled all the time , but I believed they were still very much a part of her life .
tr	O	How could he expect her to pick up her old life and move on as if he didn 't exist if he was still calling her ?
tr	O	She glanced over to a few photographers , smiling her best fake smile .
tr	O	There was a shower of white rose petals from nowhere , coming down like perfumed snow .
tr	I	I throw on my ratty purple house coat proudly and strut over .
tr	O	He 'd known it from the minute they 'd walked out of the King County Courthouse , the divorce papers clenched in her hot little hands .
tr	O	It didn 't take long for Talon to find the old abandoned warehouse that had been a popular art gallery during the 1980s .
tr	O	Look who 's talking , thought the barber , but he went about his business and was soon back to chatting up a storm .
tr	O	Brad frowned , even harder this time .
tr	O	But she needed more from him .
tr	O	Like a corpse in a bad zombie movie , Mr. Ma 's upper body whipped upright as he rose from the floor .
tr	I	They can Plant have 37 .
tr	I	Think that 'm I responsible for bringing them here .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure how to open my mind .
tr	I	There was a bat from hanging the roof .
tr	I	Nicolas followed her up the stairs to one of the rooms , the taking stairs two at a time .
tr	O	It was where they had taken out the Nissan from .
tr	I	But the rest of this looks like it came right out of old an picture .
tr	I	People to began dance and have a good time .
tr	I	We were stuck in typical Saturday when traffic Denny asked me something that caught my attention .
tr	I	Tina noted a large knife with a wooden haft prominently displayed in an carved ornately leather sheath on his belt .
tr	I	His face had looked long and troubled , like he hadn slept 't for a while .
tr	I	The house quite was tidy .
tr	I	It was on the bank of river the .
tr	O	Together , they would save this last child .
tr	O	I asked and was pleased beyond reason my voice didn 't shake .
tr	O	They didn 't waste any time .
tr	O	The clouds were stacked like impatient charter flights over the coast , low on fuel , jockeying for position , and raining .
tr	O	he said and started walking towards her .
tr	I	It was kind of amazing that I could identify even them .
tr	I	An angel in deep thought , based on his side profile ; trouble furrowed his brow .
tr	I	My mother stared her at .
tr	I	She came to me one day , just about out of mind her .
tr	I	Her hands lifted to his chest and fanned out in his hair and on neck his .
tr	O	Now , I could only hope they would forget .
tr	I	I have been trying speak to to you for days .
tr	I	Around them was a chamber with marble pillars walls and of snowy white , where icicles of rock hung from the ceiling .
tr	O	The second one was for luggage .
tr	O	Devon bellowed as he tried to push through the storm of rocks , but was continuously knocked back .
tr	O	Could Amelie have discovered Julian 's secret by now ?
tr	O	he bellowed at us ( which was clearly nonsense ) .
tr	O	The hilt fit into his palm as if it were made for him alone .
tr	I	It only triggered symptoms flu-like .
tr	I	But that didn 't out turn to be the case .
tr	O	Today was the first day of her life without Kirsty .
tr	O	They also reported its primary component had not been installed .
tr	I	But having Eirik believe I 'd been crying because my father had returned a was relief .
tr	O	Would be take me out for coffee if he asked me out ?
tr	O	Nemo desperately tried to avoid Edward 's deadly , blade like talons that were designed for the ripping flesh and for the removal of hearts .
tr	I	It a was dismissal but not a hostile one .
tr	O	Aiden placed a hand on my back .
tr	O	Joy filled her heart and almost made her weep at its poignant sharpness .
tr	O	I don 't know what it is about this man , but he seems to have the ability to get me right where he wants me .
tr	I	But now not was the time .
tr	O	Once he entered an area with a local pack , I was to report to them and they would handle the execution .
tr	O	I 'd expected nothing less ; she and Xavier had been a couple for some time now .
tr	O	The attorneys had put in every single exception they could find , and the record was almost as long as the one presented by the Anarchists .
tr	I	While sliding busily hotdogs into buns , Dawn glanced at Charlie .
tr	I	I come always out on top .
tr	O	Before they left , Nicola had gone to check on Laila , who had awoken from her faint , thrown herself at Nicola and sobbed .
tr	I	The Otherworld consumed so much of my time lately , but I was half still human .
tr	I	He just his swapped work clothes for a t-shirt and distressed jeans .
tr	I	Muller several collected envelopes from his desk , checking each one in turn , and then instructed Meyer to follow him .
tr	I	Now that was a much better picture to take bed to .
tr	I	The woman sneered she as made a swift kick to Cruz ' abdomen .
tr	O	It had been over a week since Fritz Rayburn 's death .
tr	O	Her flirting wasn 't lost on Kurt , but instead of acknowledging it , he took his beer , turned , and ambled out the front door .
tr	I	I smiled myself to .
tr	I	Maybe Mom would him kick out , and the dust would settle enough by then that I could come home .
tr	I	Aidan raised his and eyebrows looked around the room .
tr	I	Was it real was or was it from a dream ?
tr	O	I 've not slept in days .
tr	I	But Devon was returning some of her other dreams to her , giving her more than she had dared ever to hope for .
tr	I	I could have stayed all here day , taking in the melancholic beauty of a forest frozen in time .
tr	O	If I could just dispel the illusion .
tr	O	She shook her head , her gaze cloudy , her hair spilling around her shoulders in complete disarray .
tr	O	Steve tried to marshal his disjointed thoughts .
tr	I	Instead , she stared beyond the blonde 's shoulder and into cabin the .
tr	I	Its surface was slowly cooling , no longer orange glowing as it was when he was performing the spell .
tr	I	The water cold is .
tr	O	Christian sat up straight as my eyes met his .
tr	I	He walking stopped as he turned back toward her .
tr	O	There was no traffic in or out of the city .
tr	I	The paused clockmaker upon noticing the change .
tr	I	Deep slumber stood ready arms with wide open to hold her in its embrace .
tr	O	They even splashed in creeks together .
tr	O	It is why we had to negotiate further .
tr	I	It either deflected or swiftly incinerated anything falling directly way their .
tr	O	Contact from either one of them is getting very distracting .
tr	I	Like a general in disgrace , I acquiesce to fate , fall I upon my pen .
tr	I	You were sent to New York be to told about us .
tr	I	In a minute you 're going to feel good really .
tr	I	I don 't want you to ever afraid be .
tr	O	Suddenly Stacy felt overwhelmed .
tr	O	Especially when he palmed her cheeks and squeezed them .
tr	I	She her tapped glass .
tr	O	You can 't hurry this , Graeme .
tr	I	Marwan felt shivers down his spine again and all the hair on his head seemed to up stand at the mention of the name Rowan .
tr	I	Hunter was immediately her at side and put his arm around her .
tr	I	Erin did seem not to notice them , nor did she make any attempt to stop them as they dashed screaming down a hallway to the left .
tr	I	She wasn 't a naive anymore eighteen-year-old .
tr	O	He still looked really guilty , but he did have a slight smile on his lips .
tr	I	In a single day , my father his lost doting wife and son , the long awaited heir to his land and title .
tr	I	Adam wanted amusement out life of .
tr	I	A lump in forms my chest .
tr	O	she asked , just to be certain .
tr	I	It would be expensive , what but would it be like living without Jack ?
tr	O	I was sad that I couldn 't be one of them .
tr	I	Blood was spilling over his face but I wanted him to see rest the that was coming .
tr	O	She wanted to obey him .
tr	O	It didn 't matter .
tr	O	I closed my hands over the back of hers and lifting them gently .
tr	I	I tried to flex my hand , but shackles the kept my fingers from moving out of a clenched fist .
tr	O	And then there was the matter of the six people killed at Web Wonders .
tr	I	They , like rest the of the dungeon so far , seemed empty .
tr	I	If so , what is it that he wishes tell to me ?
tr	O	She felt so good and he could tell she felt the same way .
tr	I	Adam 's lips and tightened his hands clenched .
tr	I	Those two words came mind to .
tr	I	I guess they 're not smart enough to realize I 've spent across hours the table from FBI agents .
tr	O	Although , like I told you before , what did influence me was seeing good men die backstage .
tr	O	Ainsley had seen that even without Steven 's confirmation .
tr	I	We the had Henrietta Maria window smashed and stones came into Common Room .
tr	O	As we got closer to the table , they saw us and stood up to greet Nate and me .
tr	O	Her hair was brushing my skin , the feathery strands tickling my neck , and the fingers on my leg were very warm .
tr	I	A bat has to claw literally his way through the air .
tr	I	She wipes finger a across her nose .
tr	O	We were in a draw , staring at each other , a lifetime of memories flashing between us .
tr	O	Until recently , a fight with me would have been pointless .
tr	O	You come from good stock .
tr	O	They were gleaming from the light coat of oil I had put on them .
tr	I	I hated to ask , but I wanted just to know .
tr	I	Garrett asked , keeping his gaze fastened on the horse instead his of companion .
tr	O	I moved out of her way as she stepped through and closed the door .
tr	I	I noticed his for gloves the first time .
tr	O	JC smiled and kissed her on the cheek .
tr	O	No hands went up .
tr	I	' A little longer -- will it keep retrying before it gives up .
tr	I	As the stone pulled harder , Nate began to worry that hand his would get crushed if he kept hold of it .
tr	O	We take a seat at a wooden table .
tr	I	I swallowed back a of surge fear .
tr	O	She held on grimly , letting the waves of energy roll through her , trying to detach her mind from the pain .
tr	O	It sounded like George .
tr	I	As the passed time , I informed Veronica of every intimate detail leading up to me proposing to Emma .
tr	O	I blinked at him in surprise , torn by what he was saying , and everything I had just witnessed .
tr	I	The hex were tattoos interlocking on his face , like a bee hive .
tr	I	There was the taste of in metal his mouth and the smell of metal all around .
tr	I	Jon called from the back the of wagon .
tr	O	Then he spoke the words she had secretly wanted to hear .
tr	I	He patted his pockets remembering before that he 'd left his cell phone in his truck when he went in for dinner .
tr	I	There a was half-circle driveway curving up under the balcony on the second floor .
tr	O	Anything to separate him from his father .
tr	O	Rand had always claimed to be hard-hearted and self-serving , but she 'd seen past the facade to the man he 'd tried so hard to hide .
tr	I	Dave asked as if was he talking to a buddy .
tr	O	The past couple of weeks , I would arrive at his office at a quarter to six and bring dinner with me .
tr	I	Gary caught breath his as he looked to the beach they 'd gone to that afternoon .
tr	I	For once , he is being smart and wasting not his dwindling energy .
tr	O	Inez asked with a concerned frown .
tr	I	He stops above a little spot on neck her .
tr	I	At his touch , nearly every other thought my left head -- as always .
tr	O	He poked the spot between my shoulder blades with one finger .
tr	O	But I know I 'll be a sobbing mess if I try to do it now .
tr	I	I nodded but 't didn move .
tr	O	Now , as she dialed the top name on her cell phone 's favorites list , she prayed her mother was home .
tr	I	This is what happens all to who oppose me .
tr	I	But I 'll take for it the moment .
tr	I	I got to know Heidi when I was eleven and she moved to Kingston , New York , where grew I up .
tr	O	Violet 's eyes trailed over Blake and back to me .
tr	O	he demanded without the courtesy of a hello .
tr	O	Tom smiled back , but it soon faded .
tr	I	The wal s shook , and two large , dark forms squeezed their misshapen bodies into the entrance the of Sepulchre .
tr	I	Connor Sullivan is standing behind a on lectern the White House steps .
tr	I	The pressure would begin almost imperceptibly and then build to a point of pain subsiding before .
tr	I	Our dual declaration makes us both smile and picks Sawyer me up and kisses me .
tr	I	Talbot did reply not .
tr	I	He would keep on until meeting the highway , and they would take that all the way through till they reached M6 the .
tr	O	Jacob sucked in a breath .
tr	I	Nothing had changed my in mind .
tr	O	Some plastic cups and a few torn posters littered the sidewalk that bordered the lawn .
tr	O	Alisha entered the court , precluding her answer .
tr	O	On the third day , I give in and dial her home phone , followed by her cell .
tr	O	Nor had she expected the adrenaline rush to be quite so potent the second time .
tr	O	She couldn 't stop her feet from carrying her along where he directed her .
tr	O	She has no right to judge me .
tr	O	We found a booth , and I slid in .
tr	O	Mom ... I 'm so afraid .
tr	O	I miss my footing and begin to fall .
tr	O	A strange car was in Jackie 's driveway , and when she let me in , I was surprised to see Jill and Eddie .
tr	I	For some reason she just felt cold so and withdrawn from me .
tr	I	The disappeared woman into an office .
tr	O	To allow a more permanent arrangement would be foolish .
tr	I	It was her mother 's garden , and it yet wasn 't .
tr	I	The sudden electronic ring of a phone made both pause men .
tr	O	How in fuck had a damn handyman taken him from behind like that ?
tr	I	Something was she working on denying .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure if he would win against a vampire or two .
tr	I	Brittany waited a to moment answer .
tr	O	The dance had begun .
tr	I	First there were whispers , and then they turned into stares grumbles and .
tr	O	He watched close up as her eyes grew round , her scent enveloping him , her delicious fear coating his throat .
tr	O	She hit the back wall hard and landed on her ass .
tr	O	Don 't make me beg .
tr	I	You this love vineyard and you 've been working here forever .
tr	I	No sense in announcing it to half student the body .
tr	I	His eyes were on intent her face .
tr	O	Apparently he wanted to be face-to-face with her so she didn 't have to manoeuvre for a position opposite to his .
tr	I	I thought , for second a , I 'm going to come without telling him , because he won 't let me .
tr	O	Women look at you all the time and I don 't go all scary psychotic on them .
tr	O	Holding out this long was making my hands twitch .
tr	O	The casino boss sat in a chair in the corner , reading one of Jo-Jo 's beauty magazines .
tr	O	He must have taken it and solved it !
tr	O	He needed to leave Canada , and fast .
tr	O	As I was coming out of the bathroom , my dad was walking down the hall .
tr	O	I twisted around on the rope , trying to see who it was , although I already recognised the voice .
tr	I	The were nerves back .
tr	I	His lips warm were and wet as they circled around mine .
tr	I	Quentin her pulled close again and kissed the top of her head .
tr	I	He exited the train car , leaving in Matthew the bully 's care .
tr	I	But honestly , we 't didn .
tr	O	I 've got to get back to the office , finish some paperwork .
tr	O	Waste only fit for disposal .
tr	O	I had the panda propped and positioned to cover just that area , since Beth normally mailed her letters at about this time .
tr	I	Her sinuses stung and she had to swallow to more keep tears from falling .
tr	O	I thought I would fling it down and trample on it .
tr	O	I think it 's some kind of goodbye to John and Thalia .
tr	I	Maybe it was knowing that we were about walk to into something really scary .
tr	O	Looking at his feet , he saw damp earth .
tr	O	Nick was referring to his professional football career .
tr	O	I closed my eyes and pictured how he looked when I 'd snuck out this morning .
tr	I	And I 'm favour in of asking for Baumann .
tr	O	Our feet rested side by side .
tr	I	* The protest marchers had assembled , in excess of thousand four .
tr	O	He kisses the tip of my nose and then brushes my lips with his .
tr	O	After a moment 's hesitation she accepted the drink .
tr	O	answered Grey , shaken from his thoughts .
tr	I	He felt the knotted rope against brush his hand on the wheel .
tr	O	He taught me how to play and I ended up good enough to be in the school team .
tr	I	Sal for thought a moment .
tr	I	He beamed shutting before the door .
tr	I	He down pulled several , opened them -- nope , not the one !
tr	O	He hands it to me .
tr	I	I in pointed mild surprise .
tr	O	They are almost to the cabin when Huey and Shelton step down from the porch .
tr	I	He flipped through a of pile mail .
tr	I	' Well Martin , I 'm going to get my report done , and somebody be will along soon to get you sorted out .
tr	I	I hold my head high , my scorn of those around me plain my on face .
tr	I	Everything that could be noiselessly done she would do first , and she would perform those tasks slowly and carefully .
tr	I	He tumbled face into first a pile of needles .
tr	O	Just knowing that made me want to give up .
tr	O	I try with her , but she shrugs me off .
tr	I	Liam didn 't really understand why thought nobles it was so important to have their brats running around the palace , playing at grown-up jobs .
tr	O	I began hoping I had grown an inch or two over the last year .
tr	I	Bundled up a in cape and furs , his face nearly hidden by the hood , he 'd clearly only arrived .
tr	O	Sweeping one hand down her back , he traced her curves and wished he could peel her out of the dark red shirt she wore .
tr	O	I 'm too afraid to rock the boat any more .
tr	I	In a flash the bank note vanished and smile the turned back on , but this one was just a veneer .
tr	O	Brielle screams from somewhere in the distance .
tr	I	He and Lillian were having affair an .
tr	O	Why couldn 't he stop these dreams ?
tr	O	Her stomach did a flip as she tried not to look too anxious .
tr	I	Don harpy 's then started to scream and everyone grabbed their ears , trying to lessen the sound .
tr	O	The rope caught him around his midsection , and they dragged him almost to the bottom .
tr	I	Carol could not get a decent sleep night and had resorted to some creative problem solving .
tr	I	And because I have a problem and a gun , it is now problem your . '
tr	O	He looked back at his wife .
tr	I	The and bicycle the rider came to an abrupt halt .
tr	O	Power leashed with an iron fist .
tr	I	Tiny sounds filtered from the aud end the of system , as Miss Lloyd bubbled away .
tr	I	No lights , she probably couldn see 't much .
tr	O	There were two worlds , two different realities , and they each held their own powerful secrets .
tr	I	Caroline said a with wink .
tr	O	The door banged shut behind them .
tr	O	I might actually tell Jill what had happened between Shane and me .
tr	O	Jesse spent the night on Friday then I spent the night at her house on Saturday .
tr	I	A passageway extended it from .
tr	I	I should have they insisted run .
tr	I	The lady had been walking dog her when she heard a commotion behind her .
tr	O	She 'd cheated on Colin .
tr	O	I was tired , so I took the cane , though I 'd managed that day without it .
tr	O	Even in science fiction .
tr	I	He put his hand out and grabbed bit a of the dune to keep himself upright .
tr	O	The skin pale and dull , since the town experienced throughout the year indoors in low light , it was not enough cream high protective power .
tr	O	What thorn would lift a god 's foot ?
tr	O	Putting Dean in a room with Daniel Redding ripped open all the old scars , every wound that man had inflicted on Dean 's psyche .
tr	I	Navarre would know best ; she had to get away from Simone quickly and him notify somehow .
tr	O	Dozens of military tents and vehicles were lined up inside the compound .
tr	I	Shelly and Reece closest were to the machine ; Haven ran past them , moving quickly toward the elevator .
tr	I	If there are any exceptions among you , I to apologise them .
tr	I	For years she prayed a for solution to her marital problems .
tr	I	They got to door the marked ' S ' .
tr	O	Bad things happen when people touch me .
tr	I	Learn your workstations and how best to them use .
tr	O	In fact , the chances were minimal that he 'd make another shot .
tr	O	She should have just run away after hearing what Kellan told her .
tr	O	She stood and kissed my cheek .
tr	O	I couldn 't stand the look of anguish on his face .
tr	I	It will be soon dark . '
tr	O	They don 't trust us .
tr	O	Stella gave her head a vigorous nod .
tr	O	Lonnie and Ricky looked at each other and mumbled something that Kevin and Missy , who were watching intently , couldn 't hear .
tr	I	She had a feeling strong he is not a perverse creature , but she couldn 't guess what he was about .
tr	O	And where was Marian ?
tr	I	Zac motioned to to Neil sit in one and he sat in the other .
tr	I	He knew was he still going to wear it .
tr	I	But when she spoke again , Vidalia 's tone made Maya 's eyes blink wider , and all thoughts sleep of vanished .
tr	I	Almost wishing were it mine , I ran my finger across a soft petal .
tr	O	They were silent , beautiful ghosts in the woods .
tr	I	I soaked in the cinnamon , the tanginess , the feeling of comfort I 'd never before found .
tr	O	He then told of one about which he had no doubt .
tr	I	This couldn be 't happening .
tr	I	She held up two fingers with barely any between space them before picking up the soap and building it into lather on the pig 's back .
tr	O	He couldn 't help but laugh at that .
tr	O	The flies were getting more annoying by the hour .
tr	O	The kind of love you can show and bestow upon someone , and then feel that same kind of love in return -- but not with conditions .
tr	I	She moved to the refrigerator and took a large out carrot of the crisper , and then waved it at Gregory .
tr	I	spluttered Ryan as an intoxicating mix of fragrances overwhelmed his sense smell of .
tr	O	They both turned away and were actually leaving when the man inside the museum spoke up .
tr	I	My fingers gently rubbed his chest hairs as I sucking continued him off , and I knew that he was moments away from coming .
tr	O	Just as soon as you tell me everything about Nathan .
tr	O	Phil saw Sophia outside dumping some water .
tr	O	The wide freight elevator in the back behind the marble reception counters lay open and empty .
tr	I	Unlike Sam , I don 't think noticed Sarah the new scar appear on my ankle , and I don 't want to bring that up either .
tr	O	Since she 'd first met Sam , she hadn 't seen much of her brother .
tr	O	It was a relief to reach the door into the kitchen , even more of a relief to close herself inside the house .
tr	O	And we sit like this in complete silence for what seems like forever but also doesn 't feel like near long enough .
tr	I	He turned to the dining room buffet , where his personal laptop and cell rested phone .
tr	O	They inclined their heads toward each other , both of them pushing the contents of their lunches around on their trays , but neither of them eating .
tr	I	This one had every guy at Homecoming dance following her around with his tongue hanging out - including boyfriend my .
tr	O	He shook his head in disbelief .
tr	O	Lucan and his warriors of the Order dealt in swift , deadly justice , and had never known the taste of defeat .
tr	O	Two of the hands pointed fingers toward the crater .
tr	I	Even with their wings folded in and faces turned down , the hunched shapes were a formidable sight against starry the night .
tr	O	Rachel pulled off her charm necklace .
tr	O	' And be on my own ?
tr	O	The man was out , though , limp and unresponsive .
tr	O	She sounded scary when she said this .
tr	O	He kissed the top of my head .
tr	I	Beth walked in with Ella and they all headed for elevator the to meet Claire .
tr	O	He stood solidly in the doorway so that Brice had no chance to push his way in .
tr	I	Soren a was danger .
tr	I	There was an archway there that she 't hadn noticed before .
tr	I	A moment later he through passed the final layer of rock .
tr	I	There might still some be hope , providing they survived the night .
tr	O	But here is where Elise was a marvel .
tr	O	The door was unlocked ; I didn 't need her .
tr	I	Also , as I last said night , please keep this meeting confidential .
tr	I	The confidence she had now her gave the unconditional strength of making all things possible .
tr	I	She to turned face him .
tr	O	He splashed some gas in that , too .
tr	O	She 'd died last year of complications related to MS. Her death had left a gaping hole in his life .
tr	I	Her dug fingers into the wood desk top .
tr	I	With a sickening feeling in my gut , I the surveyed wreckage .
tr	O	Rory stands up from checking the roast in the oven and looks at me .
tr	I	' Where I have come from ? '
tr	O	They fell within hours of the invasion if you can call it that .
tr	O	He had murdered helpless innocents ?
tr	O	So will I. * * * When I returned to Olympus , the council was waiting for me .
tr	I	The last few days have been better than my dream best .
tr	I	That is men if 's blood counts for anything .
tr	O	I 'd even had an artist come in and redo the blue and pink pig tracks on the floor .
tr	I	His hands slipped under my to shirt clutch at my lower back and I sighed as his skin caressed mine .
tr	I	I love them , I really do , but they can be nosy overbearing and .
tr	O	I look up into his smiling face , wondering what he thinks is so funny about his mom finding me in his bed .
tr	O	The female Messenger turned toward the warmest part of the light and began to speak in the manner they reserved for their reports to The One .
tr	I	Even as became Levana afraid to think that these were her own thoughts , she could hear herself justifying them .
tr	O	You absolutely can 't stop right there .
tr	I	The Grayson happy Clark nuptials are just days away .
tr	O	She needed to push this a little further , had to walk away with something .
tr	I	I couldn 't do anything but scream , locked in place as I was , he as fired .
tr	I	As she read the name tag pinned on the 's woman shirt -- Julie .
tr	I	They had been so deep in conversation and absorbed in each other that might they have been alone .
tr	I	At least he had on leggings and was busy to trying pull on his boots .
tr	O	Aidan nibbled his way up her bare shoulder .
tr	I	Now don 't be discouraged ; is all not lost , my friend .
tr	O	Oh hello Eva , I am really glad you are able to help us out again .
tr	O	He didn 't think he was supposed to answer , so he didn 't .
tr	I	The daughter she worried every about moment of every day .
tr	O	My voice exudes sincerity .
tr	O	Nuclear power of all types must be eliminated no matter what the cost .
tr	I	He hadn 't come to be her support emotional .
tr	O	It ´ s even contagious , first the Prosecutors and then Dante , Danica and I. I just can ´ t help it .
tr	O	It 's one of the reasons why I 'm good at fixing clocks .
tr	O	Owens ' finger moved to a switch , hovered over it .
tr	O	Both men suddenly tensed .
tr	I	I 'm starving again , we and just had lunch .
tr	I	I had a very bad feeling about what meant this .
tr	I	The was nervousness gone .
tr	I	Even when I went back school to in the fall , we still talked on the phone .
tr	O	He frowned and willed himself to wake up but he remained in the nothingness of wherever he was .
tr	I	Her daughter was in while school her son was too young .
tr	O	It hadn 't been God who 'd helped Mikaela blink .
tr	I	Kelly recognized it as the star from brooch Julian 's photo .
tr	O	Thatcher 's seemed pretty busy .
tr	I	She didn 't want to place blame until she had all facts the .
tr	O	After a few more syllables , he shook his head in frustration and lifted the face mask up over his head .
tr	O	And it was certainly not to Rodrigo .
tr	I	I get up off the toilet seat and dig the under sink to get washcloth .
tr	I	He gripped wrists her over her head , pinning her on the table .
tr	I	I look over at Uriel as ´ I m still hugging Danica .
tr	I	She her lowered hands .
tr	I	Did he think that she 'd asked to be kidnapped and held captive by her nutcracker of sister a ?
tr	I	A stony filled silence the area .
tr	O	It took a few moments for all of this to sink in , and when it did , one thing stood out among everything she had said .
tr	I	Which meant she and the rest of witnesses the had more to fear than just the cops .
tr	O	My suitcase bounced on the steps and I sped up the hill in a blind rage , determined not to look back .
tr	I	She leaned back gazed and out her window watching the sky .
tr	O	With back and middle pickups selected Johnny 's fingers numbed by petrifying anticipation played a fifth fret a chord sounding as sharp as glass .
tr	I	She was grateful for army the bra keeping her girls firmly in place .
tr	O	My insides felt cold .
tr	O	The gears grinded as I switched from one to another .
tr	I	That all 's I have .
tr	I	There was a cute little there elephant drinking with his mom .
tr	I	I landed on the floor , my legs weak and shaky as I worked to my steady frantic breathing .
tr	O	The King is simply and inexplicably dying .
tr	I	I 'm gon na call him again and let him know I 'm looking here for him .
tr	I	I reached a Sentinel , gripping the dagger in right my hand .
tr	I	Government forces could nor enter the grounds of the University , but perhaps Seldon no was longer on the grounds .
tr	I	She into arched his touch , letting him know she was totally on board , totally involved , and wonderfully responsive .
tr	I	Father him gave my uncle 's sword to carry .
tr	I	I at shout her .
tr	O	Keep her alive Manda .
tr	O	Suddenly a head broke the surface of the water next to one of the huge wheels and looked around wildly .
tr	O	he asked after a moment .
tr	I	I made sure my shield bracelet was ready to go , and marched up Anna to 's door .
tr	O	Should Rose favour my advances he will watch over us .
tr	O	Jen moved up real close and really wanted to hold his hand .
tr	O	I covered my mouth slowly .
tr	O	I tap my fingers against the desk and check my tablet for the umpteenth time only to realize a few measly minutes have passed .
tr	I	When I was made up , I sent message a to Paulie Cermak .
tr	O	Suddenly , realizing Cade is missing from the group , I look around for him .
tr	I	And he 'd made the cases weightless look when he 'd hauled them both in , simultaneously .
tr	O	He swung around to the living room and found Liam still sleeping on his couch .
tr	O	It was not the kind of report Nathan wanted to have to give Lucan .
tr	O	But I 'm shuddering now , my whole body shaking with fear and rage and a horror I don 't even know how to acknowledge .
tr	O	Hunter lets out a deep breath .
tr	O	I 'd feel better if I knew she was someplace else .
tr	O	Because I loved her .
tr	I	That didn mean 't a cop wouldn 't tag her .
tr	I	Mr. Thomas and Beth walked the down hallway before disappearing around a corner .
tr	I	No trace found is of Jamison .
tr	I	Bill Door had been curious about things , and he could remember everything about Bill being Door .
tr	O	Yes , she was pretty much burning alive right then .
tr	O	I 'm going to check the route map .
tr	I	The stormed memory back .
tr	I	I had at least a couple of interesting leads to follow up with which could she assist me .
tr	O	VI They were woken by Joe 's shouts shortly after midnight , followed by a rapid burst of gunfire .
tr	I	And I still was holding out hope that my family would invite me .
tr	O	My thoughts drift with the music as we lay there motionless .
tr	O	Father found the money also , where I had hidden it under the stand that held the icon of St. Sergius .
tr	I	Flames of gold flecked brown his eyes .
tr	I	Even from a distance , she could see Ben concentrating while Logan showed him how to the put final touches on the kite .
tr	I	And then it sank in and I my damned sarcastic mouth straight to hell .
tr	O	I felt the crushing grief enter me as her lips touched mine .
tr	O	' I just want to try out my luck . '
tr	O	Clay stopped by his suite for a late dinner , one delivered by room service .
tr	I	She moved the to kitchen table .
tr	O	Maddy let out an audible sigh .
tr	I	Well , yes , because she had to somehow get the back hell out .
tr	I	A ceremony within the Church grounds followed and the priests were asking God protect to the fishermen and their harvest , a beautiful reason for a festival .
tr	O	I couldn 't imagine that my mother had any aspirations in that area .
tr	I	It didn 't take us to long realize we had made a mistake .
tr	O	I asked for Grace and a lady courteously informed me that she and Henri had left town .
tr	O	She took another sip of coffee , placed the cup back onto the counter and then dropped her head with a relieved sigh .
tr	I	The difference was that now he hated to see on her edge .
tr	O	One had supposedly been written by the fiancee , the other by the young man .
tr	I	Paul Martin fulfilled a in need her life .
tr	O	The three leaders nod their heads .
tr	O	Joni 's smile turned serious .
tr	I	No customers chatted , no bell dinged as the door opened and shut the in noon rush .
tr	I	Then he up brightened .
tr	O	Beast points to a series of hoof prints in the muddy bank where the men had just crossed the stream .
tr	I	If you arrive there with no momentum to pass on through , then you might there stay .
tr	O	Andra closed her eyes against the image of her baby sister 's cries for help .
tr	I	Jacqueline wasn 't sure to how respond .
tr	I	Again the only answer was his returning voice from the emptiness .
tr	I	I was de in army .
tr	I	When I woke , I found a note from Charlie saying he was going to sleep at the studio so we could some get rest .
tr	I	Probably her choice of clothes had alerted Jake to her nervous tension and reservations about any further involvement intimate .
tr	I	Cushions and padding in floated the water .
tr	I	One smiled , the groaned other .
tr	I	Jake felt his senses hunter stir .
tr	O	Graeme lay down on his stomach and inched his way over the edge .
tr	O	Then she went to a wooden spigot protruding from a different portion of the wall and turned it to fill a crude wooden cup .
tr	I	She didn 't want any but figured the guys would like some help to combat the winter weather and to fuel their constant activity .
tr	O	As if she had caused him to pull away from her .
tr	O	In his weakened state , he could only dwell on what a primitive form of energy it was .
tr	O	' And was it you that stopped Joshua sending more e-mails , or did he decide to stop of his own accord ? '
tr	O	But he had come back empty handed , scarred and wounded .
tr	O	The young one could no longer hide his mirth .
tr	O	And I have no idea how you remember the name of everyone who works here .
tr	O	Jenna closed her eyes and felt her heart break in two .
tr	I	She whirled around back and leaned back over the desk .
tr	O	A good time for a protection spell , she thought .
tr	O	I vaguely shake my head at my own stupidity .
tr	I	Technical y , he 's supposed to stay in the room guest , but he 's been sneaking into my room since we were eight .
tr	O	I will find Him , it said .
tr	I	These were an inheritance dug from tomb the .
tr	O	It would take some getting used to .
tr	O	I heard her , I just didn 't really process her words , still watching her and throbbing in time to her every movement .
tr	I	The way she used it , made she it sound like it wasn 't the lead of a sentence .
tr	O	We can assume and I did assume that was where Rome and Rei set down as well .
tr	O	The clouds were so pretty like little white swirls painting into the perfect blue sky .
tr	O	Another had the body of a spotted calf .
tr	I	He made his way to a circle bodies of , wondering why they were in such a strange circular pattern .
tr	O	I had the power now , but what was I going to do with it ?
tr	I	He could not place where he was several for minutes and then he realised as memory flooded back .
tr	I	Did she think it more was than a hunting accident ?
tr	O	I 'm somewhat surprised to see you so early in the day .
tr	O	My hands closed around his arm ... and went through .
tr	I	They watched as me I picked at my food .
tr	O	Looking up at his face , she noticed that he had the same expression shining through his own expression .
tr	O	But it was just the way I grew up .
tr	I	She stepped on the bridge called and the boy .
tr	I	I 'd done it believing was I protecting Jonathan and protecting myself .
tr	I	Thom had a pair of knives in his hands in the blink an of eye .
tr	O	He 'd donned an apron and looked frighteningly domestic for a man who was built the way he was .
tr	O	He had discovered it by accident long ago .
tr	I	I numbers loved and so I truly enjoyed my work .
tr	I	A low growl trickled from throat his as a cool breeze stirred the satin strands of her hair , teasing at the tender curve of her neck .
tr	O	I follow like a hypnotised rat .
tr	O	Maybe the guy has skin problems .
tr	O	Small flames erupted out from it .
tr	I	Maybe she his noticed lip ring and crooked teeth and found it just as cute and endearing as I did .
tr	O	He changed gears again .
tr	O	I positioned it between her legs , using the notch to find the appropriate length .
tr	I	Years had gone by , she was no longer young , but the blue of her was eyes undiluted , pure all the way down .
tr	I	Carol told him about the visit from her brother and devastating his news .
tr	I	I 'm shocked when I feel like I orgasm might just from this .
tr	O	' He has red hair . '
tr	O	The look on his face must have said enough , because nobody spoke .
tr	O	Before he went shopping he was told to buy two things for everyone .
tr	I	Roxy tumbled through on of top her .
tr	I	And tonight Marques said had she looked pretty .
tr	O	I think I was smiling foolishly at him .
tr	O	The crystal paperweight hit the floor with a loud crash and fractured in to pieces .
tr	I	Jenny pulled from away Julian , reluctantly .
tr	O	Noah looked proud to be included .
tr	O	The red-eyed young man spoke quickly .
tr	O	But my actions were limited .
tr	O	They had reached the final doors at the end of the hal .
tr	O	How could a vacation go so wrong ?
tr	O	They discussed the move and they were more than pleased about going .
tr	I	A queasy sensation settled upon Rebecca , and she looked to Laura concern with .
tr	I	The man knew to how dress his assets .
tr	O	Imagine if she spent as much time and energy as she wastes on the unimportant doing something that could improve her mind .
tr	O	Help me to defeat my uncle and I promise you , we will save Titan .
tr	O	She was proud of her independence and wanted to keep it .
tr	O	Tinted panels parted at his approach , admitting him to an oval lobby built of marble .
tr	I	You 've helped so many with their Jess grieving .
tr	O	Not likely that anybody would be there now .
tr	I	I 'd come so close to losing again him .
tr	I	Before long they joined forces in the driveway of Mrs. Mulholland Ellen , a lovely widow who was already baking brownies .
tr	I	She was a much better person than I would be ever .
tr	I	Not the best clothes for fighting in , she thought retrospect in .
tr	I	I didn 't know pushed what me to say this but I just said it .
tr	O	He sends two burning orbs the size of basketballs sailing right towards me .
tr	I	I just 't couldn resist .
tr	I	He reached his up arm and put it around my back .
tr	I	She just 't wouldn say anything at all .
tr	I	With not so a gentle nudge , I pushed her aside and sprinted .
tr	I	He shifted in his seat and looked like he was going to her take hand but then he stopped .
tr	O	She felt uncomfortable in the dress that Mona had helped her choose , because she could not remember ever seeing it before .
tr	I	Blue lumbered beside along them .
tr	I	He wasn short 't -- at all .
tr	I	There no is pretense here .
tr	O	She gave me a weak smile and was about to say something when someone knocked on the door , startling us .
tr	I	I believe I am here to tell whole the story today , but that can wait .
tr	O	The lobby was swarming with people .
tr	O	He stared at them and I quickly covered them with my hands .
tr	O	That 's going to leave a giant bruise .
tr	I	I nearly dropped phone my .
tr	I	The woman could have been anywhere from to twenty her mid thirties .
tr	O	He couldn 't be that vain .
tr	I	My world that shattered day .
tr	O	Could she keep her feelings for him at bay long enough to indulge in that kind of relationship ?
tr	O	We 'll take mine .
tr	I	He was most much embarrassed to Jane 's amusement .
tr	I	Albert stepped up on the deck and to walked the starboard bridge door .
tr	O	I couldn 't help but shiver .
tr	O	The heat was starting to hurt my hands .
tr	I	His breath slammed of out his lungs .
tr	I	As if there any was other ending to the sentence , Mike thought .
tr	I	He screeched again loudly and kept doing it .
tr	O	Riley said , ' just go away . '
tr	I	She had to do something or drastic soon she 'd be as dead as that guard .
tr	I	Like maybe I 'm than more just the guy everybody brings their troubles to .
tr	I	She blinked down him at .
tr	I	What was their ultimate goal in place this ?
tr	O	Gavin led her to the Jeep he 'd driven that first day and helped her into the passenger seat .
tr	I	Lenore No : , it 's inspiration .
tr	O	But she supposed that one day , most of the jewels down there would be hers .
tr	O	I knew without a doubt that Skinny Guy was responsible for this .
tr	I	Not hearing movements any , I exhaled deeply and glanced up at Kellan , who had turned to stare blankly at the floor .
tr	I	Something deep and dangerous ignited in duke the 's eyes .
tr	I	He averted his eyes the from child and back to Amelia .
tr	O	Thanks for reading this story and if you liked it , remember my other titles as well .
tr	O	I couldn 't help the wave of sympathy I felt for him then .
tr	O	It was the first time I had ever begged for anything in my entire life .
tr	I	She only took the time to grab a few articles of clothing the and necessary toiletries .
tr	O	Can 't you see that ?
tr	O	He was obviously furious with her when he left .
tr	I	he asked , knowing that she continued to pray to her God , with agreement his to look the other way .
tr	O	Bad enough to know that her hopes and dreams had just been shattered at her feet .
tr	O	I had put my heart and soul into the company , and my success reflected my desire to see it succeed .
tr	O	Alex hoped that was the appropriate response , because he 'd never given much thought to baby clothes .
tr	I	It like felt a shackle .
tr	O	Was this what lay ahead for Harvard if no one stopped his downward spiral ?
tr	O	Raymond came back in the room .
tr	I	Patty was all attention , though her date was something doing surreptitious under the tablecloth that brought a tiny secret smile to her face .
tr	I	Tom many saw guards hesitate only a moment before they surrounded him .
tr	I	I 't wasn going to do anything to her ... yet .
tr	I	The washroom lights stung my half eyes awoken .
tr	O	Do you even love me ?
tr	O	Even her pet tiger refuses to get closer .
tr	I	It didn seep 't out of the cavern , as it should have , but billowed and churned upon itself .
tr	I	He was just as beautiful as he had been in store the .
tr	I	When we the entered house , I sat down and rested .
tr	I	There 's never been slightest the doubt with me .
tr	O	Sadie was the one girl who 'd rejected every move he made onto her .
tr	O	Was it right then to rid the sea of kelp ?
tr	O	She looked back at Max .
tr	O	Several men in towels and slippers sat around on the wall-mounted benches .
tr	I	I I knew couldn 't take them .
tr	I	She sounded more than frightened convinced .
tr	O	She then reached up and pressed it against the bottom of the bag on his shoulder .
tr	O	She 'd heard so much about them .
tr	I	' Is still there room tonight ?
tr	O	Jasmine waited for the light to pass before shrugging .
tr	O	No , my baby , the youngest of all my children is far too old for anything like that .
tr	O	You don 't have the same power over them .
tr	O	The bird looked down at her mother and back to Angelina and nodded its head up and down .
tr	I	My brows up went .
tr	O	Jude doesn 't respond .
tr	O	More of a constant itch in the back of his soul .
tr	I	Jake lowered his head and to started cuss under his breath .
tr	I	FINAL BIRTHDAY MENU PARTY was the subject .
tr	I	The red eyes were open and snarl a revealing his open teem , as if he were damning the soul of his killer .
tr	I	My mom told me she 'd laughed so hard , she nearly gave birth me to on the spot .
tr	I	I knew that he looking kept over at me but I avoided his eyes , I was afraid of what effect it would have on me .
tr	O	An ideal way to keep tabs on his subordinates ... and to ensure that secrets stayed secret .
tr	O	It was hard when he looked at her with such love and desire in his eyes .
tr	I	Relax elbows your . '
tr	O	She summoned a cool voice that sounded barely interested .
tr	O	He was tall and muscular , wearing blue jean overalls and a white T-shirt with stains on the sleeves .
tr	O	It seemed like a dream as they moved inside .
tr	I	Or they 've been eating too of much that bread .
tr	I	True , they had been under Falco 's spell , but once they had been human , all with the same hopes and dreams as everyone else .
tr	I	' It seems such a shame to let tramp tourists through here , ruining it . '
tr	I	There was no mistaking the fact that he was hurting head from to toe .
tr	O	She started to get up .
tr	O	He glanced over his shoulder nervously as he walked by my table , before continuing down the boardwalk .
tr	O	He gives me a cynical look .
tr	O	She was sliding , falling faster and faster until she finally caught hold of a pipe that stuck out of the roof .
tr	O	This meant he really only had two A-levels to study for , the art being mostly coursework .
tr	O	She hoped he wouldn 't come out .
tr	I	Before she could stammer out some kind of retraction , Liam responded by kissing her again until she breathless was .
tr	O	Take the train into New York and see a play , fly to the Bahamas for vacation .
tr	I	The throng of nobles to parted reveal a man leaning against the tiled wall , arms folded across his chest .
tr	I	The camp was not small with tents scattered around a central clearing and some soldiers sat by fire a having a meal , while others played dice .
tr	I	The truck filled , oil checked , cooler stocked , and just a hop short to Albuquerque .
tr	O	My hand was poised over the knob of the back door when I heard Lissy scream .
tr	O	But now she says he 's all whacked out on some political nonsense .
tr	I	She trembled at the sensual assault and closed her eyes he as continued .
tr	O	It was obviously about her failed relationship , but that was her story to tell .
tr	O	she yelled out after him .
tr	O	I lacked the necessary etiquette for these situations .
tr	I	But Izzy her shook head .
tr	O	He told me he would do his best , and that would have to be enough .
tr	O	Except , with Max 's stocky build and fearless approach to all the shots he put in his stomach , it seemed to fit .
tr	O	Leon picks the paper up and hands it to the student sitting next to her .
tr	O	All he wanted was fresh , cool air .
tr	I	Serena gripped arm her .
tr	I	The cold air on his feet and had legs waked him .
tr	I	There an was old fisherman in a wooden boat .
tr	I	Watching James make pancakes no with shirt on was going to ensure it was a cold one .
tr	O	She rocked herself for several minutes , willing the ordeal to end .
tr	I	Doug took one last look around then and agreed .
tr	O	I closed my eyes .
tr	O	That would end all their troubles .
tr	I	Even Ji Hu , usually good-natured , was snappy getting .
tr	I	She flinched from his touch , betraying nervousness her .
tr	I	They 'd breakfast have together .
tr	I	Suddenly they were and screaming clawing at themselves wherever the water had touched them .
tr	I	Bob at looked both men as they nodded their heads .
tr	I	Hank face came to face with his son in the same room after a decade of no communication .
tr	I	I knew virtually nothing of our new city , but I get would to figure it all out with Denny by my side .
tr	I	I plop on down the bench beside him .
tr	I	I knew people like that -- they were wandering their lives complaining and about the wicked destiny , even though some of them started quite posh .
tr	O	Rory 's skin looks great from the sauna .
tr	I	His voice caught and my skipped heart a beat .
tr	O	This explanation did make more sense than what he first told me when I arrived in Wall City .
tr	O	I feel the velvety skin beneath my fingers .
tr	O	I 'd call him Roses .
tr	I	Feel free to stop in for later a drink .
tr	I	For a moment her mind forms the image of a mask in a cluster the against far corner of the wall .
tr	I	Take Annie out , an make impact .
tr	O	I could detect sadness in grandpa 's concern .
tr	I	The local telephone had company brought back operators and switch boards .
tr	O	She studied me for a minute , blind eyes unfocused and yet curiously aware all the same .
tr	I	It was body the of Ryan Hawkins .
tr	I	Maybe only fingerprint his could open the secret vault .
tr	I	He pouted and thought what about Jase had said .
tr	I	But I couldn 't care about the her way she 'd want me to .
tr	O	He led her to a section of the library she 'd never ventured to : The Archives .
tr	O	It didn 't hold for daughters , apparently .
tr	I	If my father finds out what happened ... You know how he about feels the Others .
tr	I	Blowing the bits of hair away , she felt the tension his leave shoulders .
tr	O	And it has happened , my friends .
tr	I	The grey just sort bled of out into the white of the eye , creating a marble statue effect .
tr	O	It looked so fun to the old man ; he wished to be a child again .
tr	O	In spite of the danger , she enjoyed Leon 's dilemma .
tr	O	He was nowhere to be seen .
tr	O	It was just too hard to make the lines and squiggles turn into any sense .
tr	O	Jackson turned around slowly , hoping that most of his transformation had returned him to human before he faced Chloe .
tr	O	She would not submit her mind to his will , not voluntarily .
tr	I	But she must have her hard life to for thank her ability to rein in her lethal potential .
tr	O	At the sight of him her heart gave a flutter .
tr	O	Honestly , I just want to go home .
tr	I	A muffled came laughter from some of the men who were standing near me .
tr	I	We do get tired , even exhausted - but it isn 't sleep that refreshes us .
tr	I	I growled , looking Grant past to see Meg checking in and pointing our way .
tr	I	Well , I guess I 've got all I 'm going to get of out you .
tr	O	Some sniveling child that needed its mother ?
tr	O	She was a vision in leather and wore a feathered headdress that was also a half mask .
tr	O	He looked sad and sincere .
tr	O	I took her arm and we hurried as fast as we could to the main floor of the palace .
tr	O	The place the girls spent most of their summers at .
tr	I	I opened mine , wanting to something find to get my thoughts off of Dank .
tr	O	He looked below - and sweet and faint the thin fragrance of the giant blooms came up to him .
tr	O	So I guess his friends , at least some of them .
tr	O	But the only way to find out if they were a part of what I was here for was to wait .
tr	O	I turn to look at Nan .
tr	I	Among her kin and the people loved who and accepted her .
tr	I	But Bruce has the reactions lightning-fast of his talent going for him .
tr	O	There were just some things you couldn 't unlearn .
tr	I	The man danced on the and spot clapped his hands .
tr	I	Brian emerged fifteen minutes later , a towel around wrapped his waist .
tr	O	It 's a wonder she let March go at all .
tr	O	After they climbed into the automobile , Dorian stared through the window and her throat closed up .
tr	O	Dude , give me just a small extension and I will make it up to you .
tr	O	He approached a forest and Bear was waiting for him at the edge of the trees .
tr	O	Connie glided along shaking hands and smiled at all the right times , totally at ease as if she had been doing it all her life .
tr	O	Van and Amy looked at each other and smiled .
tr	O	Gabrielle spun on her heel and strode across the darkened PODS laboratory .
tr	I	The attire wasn 't to my likings , but she could make jeans a and sweatshirt look good , and did .
tr	O	A small noise emits from my throat as I press my lips together in fear .
tr	I	It 's hard to remember what he like was before he started auditioning for Betty Ford .
tr	I	A beautiful for name a beautiful woman . '
tr	O	She saw herself as a prisoner , tortured for the pleasure of her captors .
tr	O	If one person found out , the whole thing would come tumbling down .
tr	O	I said , grabbing the bottle rolling on the mattress and lobbing it at him .
tr	I	He spotted a squire hovering nearby and called over him .
tr	O	She couldn 't handle five more seconds of this , much less hours .
tr	O	With my arms hugging my chest , I admired how she took a small place and made it welcoming and warm .
tr	I	I took a sip of my chocolate martini as Jordan laughter 's ebbed away .
tr	O	He noticed that her calling card listed only her name , cell phone number and email address .
tr	O	Serena knew when to obey .
tr	O	' Suicide , ' said Dexter , shaking his head sadly .
tr	I	I 'd decided I wanted more from my life than to the run family business , settle down , and have children .
tr	I	I did just that and moved as as fast I could .
tr	I	He turned to wild-eyed the captive .
tr	I	Timothy steps away from podium the , walks to his chair , and sits down .
tr	O	Straightening himself , he nodded toward the men at the table in turn .
tr	I	I have no idea how long it was , but I finally picked the phone back to up hear the operator still there .
tr	O	I 'm the exact opposite : rooted in place and feeling almost numb .
tr	I	Yet she had seen ghosts in the halls the of White Tower , and the corridors seemed to rearrange on a daily basis .
tr	I	You are me teasing .
tr	O	Shock slammed into him , stiffening him against her .
tr	I	This is actual an memory ; it 's recall .
tr	I	She didn 't seem to see them as the four stopped near her ; didn she 't move , or speak , or react in any way .
tr	I	Then his eyes closed and lay he still .
tr	I	Sean glances at me of out the corner of his eye .
tr	O	I asked , even though I already knew the answer .
tr	I	My thoughts filled are with the twins ' arrival , my mother joining the war between angels and demons and his new revelations .
tr	O	Why did you feel the need to go and get a job ?
tr	I	The Ambassador trying for to do his job ?
tr	O	I 've put my foot in it too much already to get delicate at this late stage .
tr	O	Kelly hadn 't realized that they were so close to the road .
tr	O	There was movement on the deck and then one of the French doors opened , Monica entering the house first .
tr	O	A chasm circled the entire circumference .
tr	I	She knew her 's father wealth was enormous , all gotten from illegal means .
tr	I	It had never been this like with any other man .
tr	O	Had he tried to read her then ?
tr	I	He was lurking in shadows the by the house .
tr	O	And it 's terrifying , thinking about what that could possibly mean .
tr	O	I claimed to have given the man some coins from my own wages , and the Queen couldn 't prove otherwise .
tr	I	She plucked out the condom and her braced knees on either side of his hips .
tr	I	Maks immediately clamped hand a over the boy 's mouth .
tr	I	I 'm quick to shut down indecent his proposal .
tr	O	I was here to shove it in Patch 's face .
tr	I	I 't don know why you 're even talking to me .
tr	O	I doubt that Malik belongs in prison , ' snapped Altair .
tr	O	Seeing him was like seeing the boogeyman in real life or chanting Bloody Mary in the mirror .
tr	I	I don 't really know what to say to that , so I silent remain .
tr	I	She a lifted shoulder in a half shrug .
tr	O	Doesn 't say a whole lot , but she can kick ass with the best of them .
tr	O	But she shouldn 't have had to pay for such a small transgression with her life .
tr	I	You a carry grudge .
tr	O	He seemed to be obsessed with a project right now and only came down for a brief time for dinner before returning to his lab .
tr	I	They don 't ask for ID , and they like cash , not credit cards , so you don 't ask for receipt a .
tr	O	Ervin swims forward , along the edge of the crowd toward the front .
tr	I	It 's the blonde gets that my attention .
tr	I	None of this makes sense any .
tr	I	he at scoffed me loudly .
tr	O	His saddle leather creaked as he twisted and looked behind them .
tr	O	It looked like they had slept in them .
tr	O	Special Forces guys were usually small .
tr	I	Laurel blew a bubble her with chewing gum , then popped it .
tr	I	He felt almost like Gulliver .
tr	O	You took her into the jungle and now she 's missing .
tr	I	Amazingly enough , even with everyone watching everything closely , one person still managed to slip past the security heightened .
tr	O	Fuji was taking her seriously .
tr	I	Once below , she was in the saddest , smallest for excuse a kitchen she could ever have imagined .
tr	I	It had always been hard her for to scold Xander about anything .
tr	I	He 's not the type you just can ' warn off . '
tr	O	It gets you into trouble .
tr	O	That was Eva 's part of the story to tell - not mine .
tr	O	It 's all fine .
tr	I	Verity concentrated pouring on her coffee .
tr	I	Taking a chance that the writings will as glow the spirit approaches , I search before me and then to my left .
tr	O	He rounded the truck and looped a hand under her upper arm .
tr	I	Eventually though , during one of my circuits of the far wall , there was a rattling the at door .
tr	I	Vera my tied hands .
tr	I	The thought always had the power cheer to her up .
tr	I	He nodded to the group , dismissing to them help prepare the evening meal .
tr	O	I wasn 't particularly surprised when I awoke from a bad dream to find him standing over my bed .
tr	O	You can use that in designs you know , strong bold ones .
tr	I	The casino would have facial recognition software covering the floors , everyone knew that , and the cartel thugs 't wouldn risk being identified by it .
tr	I	That definition reminded her of someone her : psychotic sister .
tr	I	Everyone knew Jack and Marilyn were sleeping together and even a year a and half later , Jackie couldn 't shake the embarrassment .
tr	O	I threw the door wide open and jumped out .
tr	O	She was a small girl , pale and delicate , made more so by the lighting , or lack thereof .
tr	I	I smiled at him as I recalled the that night gave me this idea .
tr	O	Wendell said , once Edward could hear him from the other end .
tr	O	Her charity projects had been some of the club 's most successful fund-raising events .
tr	I	It 't wasn full , but close .
tr	O	He stared down at the dying savage .
tr	I	It was like everything her inside body was suddenly tender and achy .
tr	I	He left it ajar for the two to students follow , which they did .
tr	I	Get away from village this .
tr	I	Sam lowered her eyes and her cracked voice .
tr	O	I nodded , and when his mouth moved over mine again , our tongues met and collided .
tr	O	Then she plunked two perfectly browned chicken breasts on top of the pasta .
tr	O	She wished that she had never come there .
tr	I	The boat 's horn brought her back , focusing again her on what was important .
tr	O	Like we were ever anything at all .
tr	I	My line offensive is being pummeled .
tr	O	I backed up a step .
tr	O	A tiny chessboard has been carved into it .
tr	O	Skylar is on my mind all the time now .
tr	O	Her eyes shone like a cat 's .
tr	I	Or Adam the from bowels of Swansboro .
tr	O	What good does it do for me to become him ?
tr	O	He sucked in his breath , determined to do his best for them both .
tr	I	The light breeze made the sweat on her cool forehead while she leaned her head against the chains .
tr	I	Read your book , and when children your start wrestling or throwing food , just change the channel !
tr	I	Melanie the held doorknob with one tense hand .
tr	I	Now I have something prove to .
tr	O	Jeff took her hand and led her into the family room , which was off the kitchen .
tr	I	Gran was in the kitchen iced making tea .
tr	I	If he didn 't do something about it now , he still would die .
tr	O	She had probably heard the catalogue of forbidden sins many times before from her parents .
tr	O	Tyrone leaned forward and looked from his right to left .
tr	O	He shoved an ember deeper into the fires of burning Troy .
tr	I	He didn 't do than more look , but his tone was friendly .
tr	O	It looked as though he might be addressing his words to the countess .
tr	I	What his was name ?
tr	I	They arrived at the house amidst what looked like hundreds of police cars waking up the quiet sleepy street .
tr	I	asked Nicko , who was sitting behind Boy 412 , just to make sure he didn 't anything do stupid , and couldn 't see the creature .
tr	O	NICK : That guy over there .
tr	I	His parents ask where me he is .
tr	I	So wasn she 't the only one worried about their partner .
tr	I	I tilt my in head his direction .
tr	I	He purposefully walked toward the stairs .
tr	O	I dropped my face in my hands and moaned .
tr	O	The old gas furnaces were relatively new , considering the age of the place , and there was absolutely no asbestos in the place .
tr	O	Nate was bewildered and staring into the flames .
tr	I	I 'm so scared losing of you , but I want you to know that it 's okay .
tr	I	It over shifts his Adam 's apple when he swallows .
tr	O	She can smell his soft musky cologne , provoking her heart to beat faster .
tr	I	I 'd watching been this whole exchange in horror .
tr	O	The lightning planet was now a small sphere of light in the deepening distance .
tr	I	Some of these could survive for years , becoming little islands in the leaping waters , growing little and forests little meadows and colonies of big birds .
tr	O	But I guess she would given what I went and did .
tr	O	He seemed startled and embarrassed to have woken her .
tr	O	It was hard to tell whether she was annoyed or amused .
tr	O	Make sure it doesn 't happen to you .
tr	O	She leaned back and looked at the lightening sky through the trees .
tr	O	Are you really gon na cut off their heads ?
tr	O	My companions came to a halt beside me , and I met Jasmine 's gaze .
tr	O	He moved through the brambles , ignoring the way the thorns grabbed at his legs , and knelt beside her .
tr	O	Atop it is my father .
tr	O	WE MADE OUR FLIGHT WITH SECONDS TO SPARE , AND THEN the true torture began .
tr	O	He heard some eerie calls from the forest , but thought any call must have sounded odd to someone who had never heard it before .
tr	O	Why don 't you run to the barbeque place down the street and pick us up some lunch .
tr	I	He was breathing hard when I came back out , dressed and ready for drink a .
tr	I	We couldn 't sleep on the saddle - itself too much wind .
tr	O	Waving Willow would talk about Wolf Eyes , and her eyes would light up as she described how he was with the children .
tr	I	He turned it carefully so the faced blade out .
tr	I	The city looked completely impossible to get from into the outside .
tr	I	Scooter looked Mattie at .
tr	I	That much she 'd learned Dare from .
tr	O	I did keep in touch with my sister and she came to the States to visit .
tr	O	She went to her boyfriend 's house and asked for his help .
tr	O	He used his hands to pile soil over it .
tr	O	He jumped in on his own and swam back and forth across the small pond several times before he climbed out and ran up to the men .
tr	O	I move my hand away from the wall and the other away from her back and quickly glide my palms down her side to her thighs .
tr	O	So you don 't wonder how any of this feels , inside , I thought but did not say , remembering Daniel 's insistent questions .
tr	I	I expect him to shouting be , cursing , or waving his fist at me .
tr	O	A soft burst of heat touched the back of my neck .
tr	I	Scar appeared behind my back , squatting at the edge of the faucet , and his gripped hands under my arms , ready to pull me up .
tr	I	Leah shook her head and Sarah acknowledged she that didn 't find anything either .
tr	O	It swept clean through her .
tr	O	she asked , letting her head drop to the pillow .
tr	O	The waiting was getting to be unbearable .
tr	O	No , it was going to end very , very badly .
tr	I	We been 've attacked .
tr	I	She wanted the chance to a make difference in people 's lives .
tr	I	I made that sure my distaste was apparent .
tr	O	All they needed bobbed up right in front of them somewhere along their day 's trek .
tr	O	Ronny finished for her .
tr	I	I pulled in and was greeted by enormously an fat man .
tr	O	Her muscles ached for the burn .
tr	O	If you 've read and enjoyed How to Love a Princess or any other of my books , please do consider leaving a review .
tr	I	Isabella kept her trained gaze on a porcelain lion that sat beside the fireplace .
tr	I	His sight was on locked and unmoving as he charged at them from the other direction of the disturbance .
tr	I	For gentry a to be surrounded in all that metal and technology ... it would have been awful for her .
tr	O	I needed someone to bounce ideas off of .
tr	O	But Nicholas wasn 't the least bit concerned about his colleagues .
tr	O	The man glanced up as she approached .
tr	O	He 'd often thought of getting another babysitter for the boys , but he knew none of them would be any happier .
tr	O	She examined me in silence for a moment and then nodded .
tr	O	Roar pointed between them .
tr	O	Emerson said from directly behind her .
tr	I	I flicked the switch in my mind , handing the reins my to wolf .
tr	O	APW had many offshoots , each a potential springboard .
tr	I	It didn look 't like wood , though .
tr	I	' It OK 's . '
tr	I	The soldiers rise rest and their right fists on their chests again .
tr	O	None of them would know such a word existed .
tr	O	When we got as much from him as we could , I placed compulsion to forget that we 'd been there before moving on .
tr	I	I still can 't be sure if she 's awake not or .
tr	O	The girl tugged on her mother 's hand and pointed at Mason .
tr	I	The frightened Santini made a cross sign over his face chest and .
tr	O	Benji lifted his head and blinked , trying to focus .
tr	O	She would never have been able to accept another man .
tr	I	An abrupt right came fast up .
tr	O	You were right there , palpable , and your eyes were warm and concerned .
tr	I	Griffin had never faked illness so before there was no reason for me to question him .
tr	I	Just ask Nemo Captain .
tr	O	But there was one thing everyone agreed on : there had been exactly twelve knives in the door .
tr	I	I don know 't what I would have done with him .
tr	O	Can 't you help me be a good person ?
tr	O	She heard the loud meows before the elevator door even opened .
tr	O	We 'd done this a hundred , maybe a thousand times before .
tr	O	And on top of that she had the job of finding and buying a flat .
tr	O	She knew what he felt .
tr	I	The tall , extremely rugged bent man down to look into her eyes .
tr	O	Garn came forward to sit beside his wife .
tr	O	Doing as he was told , Dan stood tall and straight .
tr	I	Edward was utterly left alone .
tr	I	She could still that hear terrible , booming voice .
tr	I	He never 'd pushed me to talk about my issues , not about the mom who left or the dad who didn 't care .
tr	O	No light was getting through at all and without my sight my other senses seemed to magnify .
tr	O	But , backstage this Saturday night Johnny didn 't feel good .
tr	I	I 'd already shed my own Chinese jacket and now I turned my face to up the warmth of the sun as Fred continued talking .
tr	I	He has of some their books .
tr	I	And isn this 't him .
tr	I	But what does matter it ?
tr	O	And so is that Ouija board .
tr	O	I suspected that my father did it because he wanted to share our powers with everyone .
tr	I	You 're a just little utility program .
tr	I	Not the physical weakness , for we already know it sex 's .
tr	O	To keep out of our pursuers ' hands , we 'd need a line of credit and soon .
tr	O	Put Jill behind him ?
tr	I	Making quiz Raquel me nonstop took her mind off what had nearly happened in the woods .
tr	I	Why couldn 't her mother see how much Middleton Mr. meant to her grandmother ?
tr	O	When I arrived back at King 's warehouse , I ran upstairs to his chamber .
tr	O	The fact that she was also running from her thoughts didn 't escape her notice .
tr	I	It was his pride ; he run could it the way he wanted .
tr	I	All were wearing dresses similar to Delilah 's but white in .
tr	O	But Heath had called in some favors that Hannah owed him , and she 'd been able to get paid under the table .
tr	O	He 'd only been assigned to the Phoenix Metro area six months before he was taken .
tr	I	The was reaction so sudden ; it caught even Ted off guard .
tr	I	His scoured gaze the faces , searching for problems , but he sensed nothing .
tr	O	Mother and I pondered that separately .
tr	O	She looked like she needed to sit down .
tr	I	Megan had come an to abrupt stop , unable to believe what she had just seen .
tr	I	I cannot by stand without voicing my deep concern about what you are proposing . '
tr	I	Simon was and awake on this side of the bay .
tr	I	I could set panels on the shelves and lean against them the rover .
tr	O	He might as well run to London in wolf form , as he was already wearing his fur and his evening attire was now hopelessly wrinkled .
tr	O	They came out of the woods and got into the cornfield .
tr	O	Kevin sounded as if he were gasping for air .
tr	I	All the controls are digitized , even my little sister could pilot this thing , that ´ s sophisticated how this thing is .
tr	O	He entered a code on a small keypad set into the statue 's base and the concealed document safe swung open .
tr	I	She a took sip of much-needed caffeine .
tr	O	They photographed the scuff and then picked it up whole with an adhesive sheet of clear plastic .
tr	I	He had no real idea of he what was going to do to her once she was in his hands .
tr	O	She raised her chin , looking up at him defiantly .
tr	O	I found myself unable to meet her gaze , instead staring downward at my dusty feet .
tr	O	Or if things continued to go south with a certain member of their current team .
tr	I	It 's like can he read my inexperience all over my face .
tr	O	He could feel the wetness of her tears , but she nodded .
tr	I	He rubbed back the of his neck .
tr	O	Patton French had ordered a meeting of the steering committee , a logistical impossibility that took a month to put together .
tr	O	Dressed in a floor-length lilac gown with a full skirt , no one would ever guess she was pregnant .
tr	O	Then , when the barbarian was in range , he lifted up his leg with lightning fast force and kicked Ulrich square in the groin .
tr	I	He stood up , grabbed the controller , glared and at it .
tr	O	His expression turned grave .
tr	O	But all of that also made her feel threatened , insecure .
tr	O	He would do anything to take the sorrow from her mind .
tr	I	Just give me a minutes few to cut through the adoring crowd of women .
tr	I	Jordan swiveled head his around , as if looking for those bones .
tr	O	But they 'd made it , she , Ellison , Jackson , and Will .
tr	O	Hugo turned to the crowd and spoke with honour towards the room as a whole .
tr	I	President Orloff was hardly seen ever without his right hand man .
tr	I	So Ness and I our started secret horse training .
tr	I	Where else are you going to the get chance to fly a Chinook ?
tr	O	Scarlett 's grandmother put her hand on her hip as she stood in the entry to the kitchen and studied her granddaughter .
tr	O	Zach hadn 't killed his sister .
tr	I	I pick it up with two fingers , looking around at the all people around me .
tr	O	I know you didn 't mean it .
tr	O	You might as well stay here and come with us when we leave Forgotten London .
tr	I	I suppose they knew they couldn 't keep me and it decided be best not to form an attachment .
tr	O	Besides , he was a different person to the boy he was then .
tr	O	His screaming was muffled as I was locked into the shuttle .
tr	I	A whipped bullet by her ear .
tr	I	He inhaled deeply and wiped the gel on the side his of work pants .
tr	O	She sipped more water .
tr	O	He pulled his too long sleeves up to his wrist and tried to smooth out the elbows .
tr	O	The priest was a young man , rather plump , dark , and clean-shaven , but with a gentle face .
tr	O	Surely one of them will come to me .
tr	O	Maynard pursued and caught him as the road forked and crossed Kerner Creek .
tr	I	After scrambling get to out of bed , he pulled on a pair of basketball shorts and jogged over to check the peephole .
tr	I	I should have this seen coming and figured out a better way to have handled it .
tr	O	as I closed the front door behind me .
tr	O	I walked into the gym and went straight to our private locker room to change into my swimming trunks .
tr	O	Riley let the chase continue for some seconds then started building up speed .
tr	I	Argon raised a hand and placed it on Thor shoulder 's .
tr	I	Was I really one of girls those ?
tr	I	If she lives still , she might live a long time , even pinned beneath rubble .
tr	O	What could you say - what appeal or threat could have any meaning - to that ?
tr	I	The wooden walls quickly gave way to stone , meaning she in was -- or under -- one of the old towers .
tr	O	Pastor and Mrs. Merriweather were overjoyed by her suggestion and set about secretly inviting the other parishioners .
tr	I	She used toilet the and splashed her eyes and set out , as usual , alone .
tr	O	I pressed a hand to my forehead , a dull throbbing beginning just over my left eye .
tr	I	But he to had ask .
tr	I	Daniel at looked Nadine .
tr	I	The guy kept trying to get up and escape , but Tom held him down and kept punching him in the face until he finally was unconscious .
tr	O	A second news item then claimed that the planet was cooling and on the brink of a new Ice Age !
tr	O	They 'd get really bad when I was sick .
tr	I	Because even after Marshall had released her , had he avoided dealing with his feelings for Amber by immersing himself in work .
tr	O	Now , although he is in his early forties , he is still a formidable warrior and no man in England can match his ferocity .
tr	I	She knew that ; marking the locations of voices was part her of life , an ordinary fact of existence like breathing .
tr	O	I gave her an odd look in turn , puzzled at this over-reaction to a little merriment in our band .
tr	O	That she 'd taken several days to die made it worse .
tr	I	I into crawled bed , falling asleep surprisingly fast .
tr	I	Ah , this is paradise , he as sang he climbed higher and higher .
tr	O	It was Rufus who responded while drawing a long curved dagger out of his belt .
tr	O	The wood was brilliantly shined , reflecting the tiny streams of light filtering into the room .
tr	O	She swung her legs over his and lowered herself onto his lap , not yet joining their bodies but teasing him with the possibility .
tr	I	Graham was quick to provide the information required by John and discussed they the five ex Cabinet member 's current individual situations .
tr	O	I didn 't even know where Toby was .
tr	O	It was obvious Roy had taken down the sheep .
tr	I	We all know are you delusional !
tr	O	I think they 're genetically engineered -- like the African killer bees I saw on a report on the National Geographic channel .
tr	O	Without taking off her high-heeled boots , she poached a piece of fish , boiled some brown rice and steamed some vegetables .
tr	I	I stared up his into fathomless brown eyes .
tr	I	She them blinked away because she didn 't want to miss a moment of this .
tr	O	Aric looked up at him and down again , shame still on his features .
tr	I	She didn like 't the sound of that at all .
tr	I	He wanted to find her and convey somehow to her across this distance everything he was feeling .
tr	I	Once admitted , I found her writing a at letter her room 's desk .
tr	O	She watched him , strangely captivated by the eroticism of what he was doing .
tr	O	I take it to mean he doesn 't feel comfortable talking about whatever he 's here for in front of the rest of us .
tr	O	Wrinkled face after wrinkled face stared back at him .
tr	O	We spent the rest of the night in bed , talking easily and sharing deeper confidences .
tr	O	She ducked her head and trudged onward , but the bells kept coming closer .
tr	I	And I must apologize laughing for , young mage .
tr	O	But now here he was cajoling the President with his theories .
tr	O	Edwin dismissed the idea .
tr	I	He was not frightening me , but for the first time truly he exhibited the stereotypical coldness of a vampire .
tr	I	Don 't knock for me that .
tr	I	' It 's a sign a from friend , he wants me to return . '
tr	I	The young man would doubt without kill me .
tr	O	She replayed her predicament .
tr	I	Damn , what had done she ?
tr	O	Julie was good with the dogs but never said a word , not that Sylvia gave anyone a chance .
tr	O	I feel the huge smile spread over my face .
tr	I	She may be timid and shy about the whole lovemaking experience , but when it came what to she liked , she wasn 't hesitant whatsoever .
tr	O	He lifts his hands in surrender and she begins marching toward the black pickup parked beside me .
tr	I	The last thing she needed now was parenting advice from a woman who 'd motherhood handled as if it were radioactive waste .
tr	I	I and pause remember my father puttering around out here for hours on end .
tr	O	Her thoughts ran in all directions like rats fleeing a sinking ship , but her body didn 't move at all .
tr	O	Epilogue Evie heard the elevator arrive and crouched down beside the tiny , adorable creature who was clinging unsteadily to the chair in the entrance hall .
tr	O	He 'd been told that his captive had eaten little over the past three days .
tr	I	Maybe these two weren 't on best the of terms .
tr	I	She forced herself to around turn .
tr	I	It warmed the cold places in heart his .
tr	O	If he had dark sexy blue eyes , she would be extremely annoyed .
tr	O	Slaves stood with house servants , and wedding guests in all their finery circled Nick and Chris as their axes rose and fell with startling speed .
tr	I	Although can she 't possibly .
tr	O	He shoved his hands in his pockets .
tr	O	Dressed in a pair of jeans and a t-shirt , she looked younger than usual .
tr	I	Greg just smiled to himself as walked he away .
tr	I	I my rolled eyes .
tr	I	But she 's gone somewhere inside herself , and I don 't where know to begin to look .
tr	I	We we thought might see if we could hire one of the smaller hostels and invite all our friends for the weekend .
tr	I	' Can we come missus in ? '
tr	O	The ovoid approaches the skyscraper , a monument as dazzling as the sun .
tr	I	I 'd caught him checking me out earlier , and he obviously wanted to spend with time me .
tr	O	For some reason , Morgan 's mind took note of this fact .
tr	O	I 'd been thinking about moving here for quite a while .
tr	O	His hands are clasped in front of him , his entire body angled towards the bangle , and his eyes are nothing but misery and fear .
tr	O	Kate looked a little lost as she walked to the window .
tr	I	He me told that he needed me in the throne room , so I got dressed and went .
tr	O	The Seeker grunted and jerked back , ripping out several strands of hair .
tr	I	They 'll always you find .
tr	O	Abbie stopped the video again and looked at Leo 's face .
tr	I	A line of paintings hung on the passage wall , of portraits people wearing old-fashioned costumes , staring at him with eyes that seemed somehow alive .
tr	I	In the of midst it all , a horrible fear struck me that I wouldn 't be able to Erase this .
tr	I	He wore a charming smile , unaware that his life 's deepest tragedy was being spoken of a feet few away .
tr	I	Her face always is pained .
tr	O	Coach Watts calls time-out and is now screaming at his starters about running an offense .
tr	O	Five people were dead .
tr	O	He was proud to be a jock as well as a brain .
tr	O	He maneuvered her through the masses , twisting and rolling and finally reaching a clear patch of air .
tr	O	I screamed with a cracked voice .
tr	I	She the fought order , and pain sliced through her head so that she cried out .
tr	O	This was a painful episode , so I 'm going to cut it short .
tr	I	Weary of You She her loved old Scrabble set .
tr	I	Even if mentioned only as a well-intentioned reminder .
tr	O	' You know I can 't talk to him , ' Guy insisted , pleading to the wall Roy had put up .
tr	O	The crowd of little people cheered and waved their tools in the air .
tr	I	My cries soul out for her .
tr	O	Coyote scoffed at him .
tr	I	Of course , monsters make up a deal good of my business .
tr	I	No cars passed them the going other direction .
tr	O	He tried to look intent on picking up their trash and putting it in his backpack .
tr	O	It made a loop in the air then crashed into Miranda 's head .
tr	O	More than likely , Elijah also remembered just how much she had desired him , and how far she would go to get him .
tr	I	Vann mouth 's thinned .
tr	O	But each time she walked over there he just stared at her with those killer blue eyes , a million questions on his face .
tr	O	I mean ... what do you mean ?
tr	I	Then his gaze back comes to me .
tr	O	I wasn 't , not anymore .
tr	I	To that Guy sounded like heaven .
tr	I	I 'm used it to .
tr	O	The clerk shouted and fought the dusty folds .
tr	O	A foundation board meeting was held in January , but Heath had called in rather than come home from his vacation .
tr	I	I was pretty sure I 'd have become a puddle on the floor if I tried 'd to stand up .
tr	I	With his tongue deep in her mouth , he tried to walk her backwards and finally ended just up folding her to the bathroom .
tr	O	The bruise on her throat hadn 't gone away .
tr	O	The sad thing was that he felt this way .
tr	O	Joan growled like a caged animal .
tr	O	How dare I entertain such a silly desire .
tr	I	The door buzzer went sooner off than I was expecting .
tr	O	Could she turn an entire room full of people against me ?
tr	I	He 't couldn lose - Her cry of release ripped through him , her beautiful body arching up and into him once , and again .
tr	I	Her grandma swatted her at .
tr	O	A little too nicely for her taste .
tr	I	Don 't worry , he survive 'll .
tr	O	Macon dismissed the comment with a wave of his hand .
tr	I	Her opponent hit ﬁrst , and she heard a thud he as ran into the side of the building .
tr	O	Nate doubted he 'd have had the strength to keep such a gift a secret himself .
tr	I	Maybe we even can establish some trade between our two peoples .
tr	I	I avoided his calculating gaze and smiled Anna at .
tr	O	I don 't know where Jonas found her .
tr	O	For that kind of money it encourages illegal poaching and significant jail time if caught .
tr	I	What he had glimpsed for while seconds talking to Derrick was now pieced together .
tr	O	He had seen I was stuck , unable to even see the outside world anymore .
tr	O	He had no extra rounds .
tr	I	Their fell shadows across Bilbo 's path , and he looked back .
tr	O	' It would be unfair . '
tr	O	Kate , Naomi , and Riley were clumped at the end of the hall near the big picture window that looked out onto the snowy soccer fields .
tr	O	She smiles at him with a twinkle in her eye .
tr	O	Worse , I was beginning to think he had no intention of ever taking me back up .
tr	I	By that point , I had decided to take it easier on him than I had on past the shrinks .
tr	O	With that , he stood , and he looked down at her with such confidence , she felt her own convictions waver .
tr	I	Lumber brick and were everywhere .
tr	O	She instinctively knew there could be no secrets between them .
tr	O	Spencer crossed her legs , smoothed out her black skirt , and stared straight ahead .
tr	I	We ´ in re the same cadence , I ´ m at the end of the line .
tr	I	' You like sound Quinn . '
tr	I	I loved Hunt James .
tr	I	Being locked up with bunch a of low-life scumbags teaches you a thing or two about survival .
tr	I	What teenager wouldn 't want more time free ?
tr	O	I blinked and found myself tightly wrapped in his arms .
tr	O	On the girl inside .
tr	O	Did she really want to read her sister 's diary ?
tr	O	Keeley carefully deposited the herbs into one of the bowls and straightened her skirts .
tr	O	My past wasn 't something I cared to relive .
tr	O	They had stopped walking .
tr	I	They may have cleared the zombies for us but that doesn make 't them friendly .
tr	I	He saw pride the of the country he stood in and could feel the freedom she fought hard to obtain .
tr	I	He ducks to give forehead my a chaste smack .
tr	I	He picked up the other sock and it tossed in as well .
tr	I	Why would think you ... ?
tr	I	Well she a was bit more interesting .
tr	O	She needed to be careful .
tr	I	Pipers stood with hands on her hips the and etch still glowing in her hand .
tr	I	The list dates of .
tr	I	Loosely it came rest to on the jamb .
tr	I	Tiffany sat on the of edge the table , staring at her knees .
tr	O	Sheen immediately pressed several buttons , and the ship began to accelerate forward .
tr	I	Thomas eyes opened far early too for his taste .
tr	O	Please do not make me prove even further that I am serious about my intentions .
tr	O	Josh 's rage rapidly turned to fear and he cringed not knowing exactly what to expect .
tr	O	A spray of blood arcs across his long-sleeve shirt all the way up to his neck and jaw .
tr	I	She with argued her mother .
tr	I	It was a natural topic of since conversation it was a line of thought which seemed to occupy their male minds .
tr	I	It had in been the adjoining bedroom where I sometimes slept , too .
tr	O	She better than anyone understood Abby 's distaste for witches .
tr	I	I step toward and her shoot daggers at her .
tr	O	He had called her Spark .
tr	O	she said with disgust , beginning to tug her forward once more .
tr	I	Turning around he Arnold saw , Mandy , and David standing in the doorway .
tr	I	He nodded at now her crumpled dress .
tr	O	He wanted her until he couldn 't think straight , couldn 't find air enough to breathe .
tr	I	Pokey tossed schedule the down in front of him .
tr	O	The moment the pen touches the paper , my feelings pour out of me .
tr	I	Trystan tried to it make look like they weren 't talking about her , but she had to know .
tr	O	If she told him yes , she would only feed his sick obsession .
tr	O	His eyes flared a startling teal color .
tr	O	He lifted the plastic lid which revealed small measuring spoons resting upon a dark , pulverized material .
tr	I	I rounded her on , pissed off now .
tr	O	The semi-trailer doors were little more than a rectangular dot that slowly increased in size the faster I ran .
tr	I	' It 's not what expected I . '
tr	I	I hit shoreline the .
tr	O	I could again feel myself getting warmer , with my heart beginning to race very quickly .
tr	O	I just want to know how their lives turned out .
tr	O	Over the years I 've taught a number of people how to knit .
tr	O	I suddenly wondered what I was going to do if Patch was home .
tr	O	That won 't be the last of it , Chris thought .
tr	O	He groaned , his h * ps rocking with my motion .
tr	O	In the last twenty-four hours , she 'd heard stories to give her enough nightmares to last for the rest of her life .
tr	O	Oh , and he can go back to school tomorrow , if the cast is completely dry and he 's in a hurry .
tr	I	She lay on the soft , green velvet ground cover of the protected and circle tried to regain her breath .
tr	O	She pushed it away and took a deep breath .
tr	O	She leaned her head back , giving him greater access to her neck .
tr	I	After the seventh time Soul at looked him .
tr	O	You 're here with me now .
tr	O	I was dating the perfect guy , a man who made my toes curl at night and my days bright .
tr	I	Anger , yes , I it feel .
tr	I	He activated the ship external 's lights as well as all its sensors and flew in through the docking port .
tr	I	A soft knock came from behind , and Shannon turned her head to see the door back of the cabin open .
tr	O	The pup whimpered as she watched her crappy prior owner drive away .
tr	O	She increased the thunderous roar as it shook him in his chair .
tr	I	Rico 's employees eager were to talk about him and the island paradise where they lived .
tr	I	She knew I was kidding , but I had to make myself laugh while I was in depressing this place .
tr	O	He had to get the barn door open and get Billy and himself out of the cold .
tr	I	She confused was , overwhelmed .
tr	O	Purgatory would be more accurate .
tr	O	We 're still standing in the foyer , but he somehow picks me up effortlessly and sets me down on the stairs leading to the upstairs bedrooms .
tr	I	Whatever it took , he would keep the gold reaching from Texas .
tr	O	But still , there 's something that 's not clicking , some way in which he 's never quite with me .
tr	I	I noticed the that decor and furnishings were more lavish up here .
tr	I	Helen had right been .
tr	I	asked Max , bringing Larry into back the conversation .
tr	O	The shock had passed , and she was starting to feel calm .
tr	O	So deadly , one look at it made Sonia hold her breath .
tr	O	Cass swooped on Theo , lifting him up in her arms and turning to show him off to Ari .
tr	I	Morgan startled and turned to him , straw the between her lips .
tr	I	She wiped tears the from his face with her skirt and nudged him toward the gate .
tr	I	But the and gods goddesses of the world , whether Greek or Anatolian , didn 't show themselves to just anyone .
tr	O	Not the broken doll , the one who hid in the lab because she didn 't want to face the world outside .
tr	I	I 'd guess if a real voodoo spirit were to grace their doors they 'd close and up leave town .
tr	I	Get retaliation your in first was his credo .
tr	O	He didn 't tell the boss that the canisters weren 't full .
tr	I	She had done it more than times she cared to admit to over the years .
tr	O	Maybe a little scary .
tr	O	I learned this from my teasing half-brothers .
tr	I	He could see the possibility of there chemistry .
tr	O	You 'd better remember that , Mia .
tr	I	But for me , it 's than more long enough to be sure I love you , too .
tr	I	During the weeks that followed , they in fell love .
tr	O	He 'd fallen asleep at some point on his journey to Amy , and had a dream .
tr	O	Now he should do something .
tr	I	The clear borosilicate shell allowed full a spherical view of the surrounding waters .
tr	I	Caden and Mage pilfered had fresh sets of clothes for all of us from the other private planes at the airfield .
tr	I	It was three about inches thick , with thousands of colour illustrations , and after briefly marveling at them , I turned to the index .
tr	O	For one thing , the most common tree type he could see was fir trees or other spiky leaved kinds .
tr	O	I kept going up and to the right with my eyes before I answered a question .
tr	O	She looks him up and down , inspecting his features like he was a prize cow .
tr	O	The grandfather nodded repeatedly , thanking her , wishing to hear it .
tr	I	Her lips moved no but sound came out .
tr	I	Not fleeing , realized she .
tr	O	The flight attendants would be coming by soon to take drink orders .
tr	I	I looked around the again shack .
tr	O	Dad pulled into a gas station and started filling up the tank .
tr	O	Caleb shared the home with his daughter when she visited .
tr	O	We find her perched like a bird on a window sill , staring out over the estate .
tr	I	That was a word I grab could onto .
tr	O	You 're bringing your grade up nicely and you 're caught up .
tr	O	Madison nodded off a few times before settling into the couch and cuddling up with a blanket .
tr	O	And the voices ... the voices could have been the TV , too .
tr	I	She turned away from the wall and one faced of the Sand dragons .
tr	O	I had Cathy on the way .
tr	O	She 'd take this blissful ride with Jake wherever it went .
tr	O	Did you get the Stone back ?
tr	I	How in the world the could strain find its way in the open air without intimate contact ?
tr	I	He lifted pair the of silky pajamas from the drawer .
tr	I	He up looked as Henry walked into what must have at one time been the home 's kitchen .
tr	I	Mr Briggs warily asked .
tr	O	I could tell by my adviser 's tone he wasn 't kidding .
tr	O	The girl behind the counter didn 't seem the knitting type .
tr	O	It takes more than a few breaths to get me to where I can even speak again .
tr	I	That had scratched her sense of propriety enough that she had declined the on invitation her sons ' behalf .
tr	O	Knowing that my time here is so limited pushes me even further .
tr	I	Laurence laughed stroked and his nose .
tr	O	Luis knew he should have thanked Jase for doing this .
tr	O	I should have seen that before .
tr	I	Jones shook head his .
tr	I	And needed she it .
tr	O	He started moving toward her but she kept moving back , her eyes scanning .
tr	O	The vibrancy left her face .
tr	O	She went willing with him to his castle at the bottom of the sea , although others say she was abducted .
tr	O	That evening they performed guitarists .
tr	I	She didn 't leave me any choice all at .
tr	I	What your 're hobbies , your passions , your pet peeves ?
tr	O	I wouldn 't even call them friends .
tr	O	Joanie crossed her arms .
tr	I	Pulling quickly up , he set down just off the paved truck parking area .
tr	O	He pulled open the door .
tr	I	Margaret had tried to be helpful , but apparently she wasn 't much of a knitter and had made never socks .
tr	I	Was she thinking of someone in -- particular concerned he might show up at any odd hour ?
tr	O	Jase stood up and followed Luis into the kitchen .
tr	O	But Derek doesn 't want to be my boyfriend .
tr	O	Ty didn 't move , blinking up at the ceiling as he tried to think of a way to answer .
tr	I	Well , I guess I better head on up to field the for the parade line up .
tr	O	There were some nice used cars available for not a lot of money .
tr	I	she asked , when surprised he nodded .
tr	O	I tried calling Mina , but she didn 't answer ; she was probably out with Noah somewhere , as she usually was .
tr	I	I was unconscious before my hit body the ground .
tr	I	I know we work can together to make it happen .
tr	I	My ears picked up on a strange and very irregular heartbeat me behind .
tr	O	A moment later , a man with a bowler hat and a badge on his lapel stepped up on his right .
tr	O	You are whitewashing it .
tr	O	And so , here I was , about to see my children at long last .
tr	I	You know , old turning friends up together , maybe going on a trip there with an old pal , that kind of thing .
tr	I	They all had the question same .
tr	I	I went her with .
tr	I	I had gotten absolutely no useful information from of any it .
tr	O	As she said this her countenance became expressive of a calm , settled grief that touched me to the heart .
tr	O	I opened my eyes and felt a moment of disorientation .
tr	I	Would I ever a have funeral ?
tr	I	Dex The one good thing about never having a phone was that could it never ring and wake me up .
tr	O	The oldest part of the city was settled in the 4th millennium BCE .
tr	O	She 'd leave the shelter if they did .
tr	I	She was when quiet she finally spoke .
tr	O	Cold iron fetters locked around my wrists , and pulled my hands above my head , which was suddenly on a pillow .
tr	O	Most of them reeked of sulfur .
tr	I	The is coffee hot and strong .
tr	I	The milk shake made me shiver and gave me one of those stabbing pains behind eyeball the .
tr	O	He stepped back up on the deck , ready to release the dock lines .
tr	O	Right now , I was thinking anything but subtle .
tr	O	The late King 's adviser ?
tr	O	It 's what I wanted .
tr	O	I thought it was refreshing , nothing more , I suspected nothing .
tr	I	No about doubt it , Sally was intrigued .
tr	I	I 'm itching to confront him about what 's he done .
tr	O	As they began to move , they made it three cars forward without further shots fired .
tr	O	Gunner brought a shotgun for added security .
tr	O	And his strong arms went around her .
tr	I	Every time she me asks something all I can think of is that she 'll never know her mother .
tr	I	Alena 's reflection bothered never Dennis , but lately the sight of his own , for whatever bizarre reason , had become slightly unnerving .
tr	I	Many of these recorded episodes came as sudden a and unsolicited consciousness of spiritual unity or insight .
tr	O	Before I could answer , there was a loud noise coming from one of the entries to the throne room .
tr	I	There 's charade no when we 're standing face to face like we are now .
tr	O	He crossed the distance between them , making sure he was close enough to catch her if she passed out or something .
tr	O	Abigail gaped at me .
tr	O	Monk could barely make out Konstantin .
tr	O	Was it possible that Miriam and Simon had gotten on board the Night Watchman Express ?
tr	O	It was the best do nothing day ever .
tr	I	They continued down the along way .
tr	I	I can deal with it as long I as drive slowly .
tr	I	Because the Bull wanted sport more .
tr	O	Because I love her .
tr	O	This seems to pique his interest .
tr	I	Do what we to came do .
tr	O	Mom is shaking her head and I can see the concern etched in her features .
tr	I	Principal Taylor was to talking police officers .
tr	O	Then their little hunting club gets burned down .
tr	O	I growled at him inside my mind .
tr	O	It would take longer for people to welcome her in .
tr	O	When tutoring him after school , she often heard his stomach rumble , though when asked , he denied that he was hungry .
tr	I	Mia stood up and went into the room where she was supposed to sleep for the next of couple days .
tr	O	I don 't suppose there 's any point asking whether you remembered the phone number ? '
tr	O	Evan McCain spoke up then and all eyes turned to him .
tr	I	Trevor had not ingested a Pot Melting Mixer .
tr	O	I 've accepted that .
tr	O	I 'd closed my eyes so I wasn 't tempted to watch him examine Lil .
tr	O	He didn 't want to but he couldn 't help it .
tr	O	Monty got into his car .
tr	O	His question snags my full attention .
tr	O	She waited to tell her until they were seated in the booth of the pizza place where they had decided to eat .
tr	I	Don be 't such a chicken next time .
tr	I	I cleared throat my .
tr	I	I looked from to him Sofie .
tr	I	The servant arranged for her to bathe in another room and presented her another with grey gown .
tr	I	He 'd buy small properties commercial with solid leases .
tr	O	She suddenly begins to French kiss .
tr	O	After Chrissy and Dugan crouched , Jack smoothed out the grains in front of him .
tr	I	He stepped into the shower and stood beneath the flow of water , letting it roll down his face back and .
tr	I	They don 't try anything with them , but they to love dig at me whenever they can .
tr	O	Leaping off the bed , she paused the Ivy Springs DVD just as Everton was about to kiss Lila , Leslie 's identical cousin .
tr	O	Kate wanted magic , and they had it in unbelievable abundance .
tr	O	He picked up a piece and turned it over in his hand , inspecting it closely before returning it to the table and finding another .
tr	O	And he chugged out to his car .
tr	I	He took a hefty hit the in gut from one of the four men surrounding him .
tr	O	If you tickle one , will it laugh ?
tr	I	And it seems like we all went pretty through much the same thing inside the Maze .
tr	O	I 'm not saying I am Michael Phelps or anything like that .
tr	O	But he didn 't look up as we left .
tr	O	The amber eyes burned straight back at her , denying the slightest shift in what he had just declared .
tr	O	You can 't make it go away by ceasing to believe in it .
tr	I	He cared only about Sabine .
tr	I	They were not looking into an open street court or as one would have expected .
tr	I	I you suppose two have a story to tell , I have my own , but right now we have to talk about Jake .
tr	O	She patted him on the arm .
tr	I	Tamara took fortifying a breath .
tr	O	The engine was still running ; he slammed the van into gear and stepped on the gas pedal .
tr	O	It seems like such a stupid question when we have so much shit hanging in the air .
tr	I	As he watched me , his fingers delved into the edges of my bra cup and tugged fabric the down .
tr	O	He couldn 't invade her privacy like that .
tr	I	He to pretended be our friend .
tr	I	I yelled brought and my fists down on my lap .
tr	I	He looked miserable , any but sympathy she had for him was currently buried in the rage and sorrow boiling inside of her .
tr	I	She was tapped currently into the victim who was chopping carrots in the kitchen .
tr	I	Gabe turned and his hooked hat on a rack standing beside the front door .
tr	I	His confused face might have been comedic if the door hadn 't ajar been .
tr	I	I threatened him while I 'm trying stop to my eyes from crying .
tr	I	People driven mad by the need for repack did reveal Holey communities they had helping been .
tr	I	She was the one person in the world who hadn deserved 't the shit he 'd given her .
tr	I	Then her back hit the stone floor , hands those still on her shoulders , on her bare neck .
tr	I	My heart fluttered wildly , from a so yearning deep , darts of fear shot through my veins .
tr	O	There is refueling facilities on Fiery Cross Reef on the other nearby islands which belongs to China .
tr	I	They walked slowly and took time their so that they could enjoy the surroundings .
tr	O	The main screen showed : safety systems on .
tr	I	Maybe was it watching the way Ryder handled the fruit , his long , calloused fingers gently squeezing each one as he searched for bruises and imperfections .
tr	I	He hoped he didn 't smell but knew he soon would if he didn 't properly keep clean .
tr	O	The hardness eloquently portrayed his plight .
tr	O	Maybe he had already passed the container he should have chosen .
tr	I	It 's cloudy outside and thunder and lightning keep snapping and booming , lighting up the room with a glow silver .
tr	I	The goal is to see how you long can hold it in before releasing it .
tr	I	Stewart asked , guzzling his tea it like was water .
tr	I	A massive wave of sorrow vibrated between two the of them as Giles 's words soaked in .
tr	O	Perhaps they were the only two people in the whole building , she thought .
tr	O	Give me your beast , I 'll salvage what I can from him .
tr	O	She could feel how much it hurt Vane that his brother wouldn 't acknowledge them .
tr	O	It was everywhere she went .
tr	I	The bond between them like was invisible strands binding them together , a sort of preternatural GPS that only he could see .
tr	O	I run over and the police officer holds something out to me .
tr	I	Unfortunately , Marquette had too few days to left make it north by any route .
tr	I	Tell him that it 's against religion your or something .
tr	O	The damp conditions were making it hard on everyone , with dry wood being stockpiled at the head of the armies to fuel the advancing Road Trains .
tr	O	The older woman snorted .
tr	O	The king walked down the aisle , always nodding at the applause .
tr	I	Unfortunately , yawn my didn 't escape their notice .
tr	O	She poked Fallon in the ribs .
tr	O	He was quiet while I pawed through the box .
tr	O	There are no words to fully describe how these poor victims must suffer .
tr	O	It was much too big for the boy , but it still made him smile .
tr	O	Then he reached out and touched the ends of her golden hair .
tr	I	She smiled , thinking that the monkey very was soft .
tr	I	Emmett never 's cautious enough .
tr	I	The air was wet with drizzle tasted and sweeter than ever before .
tr	I	Wulf 's Den was a lot more crowded than had it been on the night Billie had come to get Hayes .
tr	O	I stared at her hard , willing her to understand why my emotions were all over the place .
tr	I	I deal will with this .
tr	I	She dumped sand on box the decisively , scooping with both the trowel and her hand to cover it faster .
tr	I	Recognizing that there was no in point worrying about what was surely to come , Anthony decided to tell Isabella about his plans for the following day .
tr	I	Ironically , just up the hill from their hotel and along a side street were numerous places to eat , the and hotel he was looking for .
tr	I	Gee and nodded then nudged Jess in the side .
tr	I	She goes back down stairs the .
tr	I	He had his bayonet fixed to end the of his rifle .
tr	I	he said then , no entirely longer friendly .
tr	O	Once she had gone cold , I flung her up into the sky one last time .
tr	I	Soon she all had of them merrily hopping over and ducking under sticks .
tr	O	I care for you and yours as best I may .
tr	O	He took me by my hand and told me that we 're going home .
tr	I	She was frightened , didn 't what know was happening and as I reached out to her she faded away in front of me .
tr	O	That was the biggest lie I 'd ever heard , but I didn 't call him out on it because I wanted to believe it .
tr	O	How could that happen in Lucas 's dream ?
tr	O	He closed the door behind him and a sad smile touched his lips .
tr	I	Luka crouched above him , his claws into digging his flesh .
tr	I	With the back of his right hand he wiped in it one rough motion , his eyes focused on the screen in from of him .
tr	I	He wasn 't to going deal with it .
tr	O	And I honestly have no idea what to make of your outfit .
tr	O	And then he 'd see what the day would hold .
tr	I	Ellen was given something to relieve the pain , then sent to an have X-ray of her arm .
tr	I	Zane above stood her , looking down , as if waiting .
tr	I	Me and her were even in the day same care at the Methodist church near my house when we were little .
tr	O	The man pulled off his worn cap .
tr	O	And that had to end everything ?
tr	I	She cocked an eyebrow at him , digging for more information as she tried to him stall .
tr	I	How she 'd feel ... the scent of her ... she how 'd taste .
tr	I	Later , he poured a couple of Grey Goose miniatures into a of glass ice then studied the room service menu .
tr	O	Ian couldn 't be more different .
tr	O	And what did Maggie mean about the icy feet ?
tr	I	The clean , white tub tempted her sticky feet so she her took time with the warm water .
tr	O	What if they could trace that money to Patrick ?
tr	O	The three of them then rode out across the flat grass plain , galloping into the northwest .
tr	I	The medics slowly rested him on the ground and covered him in blanket a .
tr	I	But heard I him .
tr	I	They kept contact in by means of a small communication device built into the outer portion of the inside of the ear .
tr	I	This was like a bursting tulip through the ice .
tr	I	Courtney 's head remained down a for few more beats .
tr	O	I can 't recall the last time I smoked a cigar and I 'm not sure why I 'm doing so now .
tr	I	He 'd lied technically to Watt .
tr	I	The giant other fared much worse .
tr	I	His is tone somber .
tr	I	Miranda phone 's vibrated and she looked at it and typed something , while smiling the whole time .
tr	O	We paused about half way up , at a part where the branches separated a bit and we could see out .
tr	O	The street was largely elderly people , which was good for Tony 's lawn mowing ambitions .
tr	I	He always found to talking adults an uncomfortable experience .
tr	O	She gave him a long and languorous kiss .
tr	I	He grabbed the bag from the backseat and followed them the through entrance .
tr	O	She turned to me .
tr	I	Around your eye left , you have several small white lines , again barely visible .
tr	O	There had been a Tudor attempt to take the Princes from the Tower by force .
tr	O	As he walked out of the door of his office , he smiled as he realized it now truly belonged to him .
tr	O	It wasn 't as if she hadn 't washed him before , but he was awake now , and he had kissed her .
tr	I	I roll my eyes my at unconventional quack of a doctor .
tr	O	At the very least I could change or alter the story a little .
tr	O	Instead , he promised to secure his more rational sister and brother .
tr	I	I lead us the into residential neighborhood and pause to consider the sign at an intersection .
tr	I	He told me his schedule wasn 't this always crazy , but until Victoria was stopped , the wolves were on red alert .
tr	I	If we don 't the police will want to look here in , I guess , get suspicious .
tr	I	It tore her heart to admit it , but Anna was not the little she girl had once been .
tr	I	Most people say they can 't even tell their that Breath is gone .
tr	O	Every worry and anxiety I 'd been feeling disappeared as if it had never existed .
tr	O	It 's all a matter of hierarchy you see !
tr	I	The Coast Guard boarded the vessel to find all thirty passengers crew and dead .
tr	O	He walked his bike around the side of the house .
tr	O	There 's no such thing as a lizard supernatural .
tr	I	Taylor , did when this happen ?
tr	O	I leaned in close to her .
tr	O	My hands are shaking .
tr	O	Did that really just happen ?
tr	I	I knew the outside would need another coat , especially since we had sprayed some it of with water , but we had a good head start .
tr	I	But she more needed information .
tr	O	Who suffers from sibling rivalry ?
tr	I	I rolled eyes my .
tr	O	He nodded and continued his walk to the front door .
tr	I	The inn grounds had swallowed skeletons both and the disgusting broth and pots with them .
tr	I	He gazed at quizzically her .
tr	I	Law was what enabled a society to protect the from weak the strong who would abuse or destroy them .
tr	O	I step toward the door and grab it before it closes .
tr	O	This drove the dogs into a louder frenzy , but Wolfe still didn 't materialize .
tr	O	It was obvious she was trapped .
tr	I	A tear runs down from my face as I choke back a sadness that I long 've held within myself .
tr	O	He pulled it over his head and tossed it carelessly onto the back of the couch .
tr	O	My jaw slacked as I stared in bewilderment at what was inside .
tr	O	Her face was a little puffy , but nothing a bit of make-up wouldn 't hide .
tr	O	She was an emotional coward and probably always would be .
tr	O	Humans cannot be trusted .
tr	O	He flashed me a picture of the target , then stuck it in the truck console before I got a good look .
tr	I	The town would be in if jeopardy they gave up anymore land .
tr	O	She had enough presence of mind to fetch the homework that had started all of this .
tr	I	Corinne hugged Lisa to her as the words began to out tumble .
tr	I	I guessed her height to be about two and feet her length to be about three or four feet .
tr	I	I 'd definitely locked up before I left morning this .
tr	O	Some moms get really into Christmas , but my mom was the Halloween type .
tr	I	Yesterday we started experiencing that same again pull .
tr	O	What do you need ?
tr	O	With a groan and a sense of guilt , she threw back the covers and swung her legs over the edge of the bed .
tr	O	My jaw tightened , but I refused to acknowledge it .
tr	I	Leslie 's voice rang out from me behind .
tr	I	Tearing myself away from him was -- until up then -- the most difficult thing I had ever done .
tr	I	I needed to get rid of Tony so I could go to station the and see her for myself .
tr	O	Then again , it could be a Barbarian trap .
tr	O	The building was divided into showrooms in the front and storerooms in the back and offices above .
tr	O	That would be better .
tr	I	She glanced out window the to see Mia herding a group of children up the front walk .
tr	I	' It work 'll out great , ' I said instead , giving him a quick smile .
tr	O	We have our own evil monsters .
tr	O	Something did trouble me .
tr	I	I was too busy listening to the conversations many going on at our table to think about the menu .
tr	I	Instead she him kissed .
tr	O	' I can 't hold on much longer .
tr	O	' Do not worry , master elf , ' the traveler said .
tr	O	Not without the same connection I 'd shared with the outpost commander , at least .
tr	O	BG : It 's the same thing , ok ?
tr	I	Rich all was wrong when Ron reached him .
tr	O	Black smoke billowed out of the tail pipe .
tr	I	She put the glasses back and on smiled at him for the first time in almost a year .
tr	I	She broke a into run .
tr	O	The ground beneath our feet began to vibrate .
tr	O	The Spear landed true sinking into the flesh of the speaker , were it remained as the man fell to the floor .
tr	O	More so even , than the quiet room , because this was their only freedom , their place to be happy .
tr	O	His bright , blue eyes flickered over my face , drinking in my surprise .
tr	I	She looked pointedly at 's Lauren stomach .
tr	O	Well , he knew why on one level and that level was rising again as he recalled how she 'd felt against him .
tr	I	Slowly , Dimitri 's eyes darkened and Emma didn 't want to be on the other end of phone the .
tr	I	Pedestrians were attired in a wide spectrum of styles ranging from suits business to torn fishnets paired with Dr. Martens .
tr	I	He must 've surmised from her tone it was touchy a subject .
tr	O	Everywhere she went she ran into people she knew .
tr	I	I went to investigate , opened and the door to her secret chamber .
tr	O	She ignored pretty much everything she couldn 't use .
tr	O	Her horse lathered at the mouth and breathed heavily , but the head was not much further away .
tr	O	I looked at Susan .
tr	I	It looks fun like .
tr	O	If anybody followed our track in daylight , they 'd think the driver must be drunk , it twisted and turned so much .
tr	I	I followed my father out of the house , down the back steps , until I saw something that me stopped cold .
tr	O	She had expected to be greeted with enthusiasm , but Bayern managed to surprise her , as she should have known it would .
tr	O	I know you won 't believe this ( laughs ) but the boy never aged .
tr	O	Cathy had to try it straight away and sat on one of the cross members grinning .
tr	I	Neil shook head his .
tr	I	And with that shout the came king .
tr	I	She had demanded it that way I and was more than happy to oblige .
tr	I	The thrashing in the bushes grew and more more frantic .
tr	I	She had better to things do than debate a lawyer .
tr	I	She beckoned , gave him a look burned that through him .
tr	I	What he wouldn 't to do tear that underwear off with his teeth right now .
tr	I	At last she reached the top and turned survey to the view .
tr	I	Graham down glared at Matt and Kyle .
tr	I	I managed to her get away from her friend and coworkers .
tr	I	She and her husband had been happily married for almost eleven years , with three wonderful to girls show for it .
tr	I	Moist looked down at golden the light coming up from around his feet .
tr	I	Danni waited until his parents were gone before taking a seat Darren on 's bed .
tr	O	The couch was much closer .
tr	I	The boy was out holding the box to her .
tr	O	He no longer remembered his name .
tr	O	He struggled against the two holding him down , swore when he realized that they were a lot stronger than they looked .
tr	I	I to went the bathroom and quickly washed up .
tr	O	A thin red beam erupted , freezing the first man in place .
tr	I	I resist the urge to take it away from him because it 's not normal for a doctor to act this way his with patient .
tr	O	But Tiffany was so into what she was saying that she didn 't even hear me .
tr	O	Ben asked if everyone should leave the room , but Matthew shook his head .
tr	I	She couldn 't get comfortable , her was neck stiff and painful , and she realised it was probably stress-related .
tr	I	Don 't worry , they told me what it is and 'm I okay .
tr	I	An orgasm made all the richer the by love of the woman who held him so intimately .
tr	O	Only after turning a corner did I allow my mind to wonder what Aeros might be doing -- or thinking .
tr	O	How was that possible ?
tr	O	Once again I longed for my bat .
tr	I	I just to need see him .
tr	O	Julia just stood with her arms crossed on her chest and didn 't say a word .
tr	O	Horace , who 'd been sitting on a chunk of wall , sprang to his feet .
tr	I	His hand is clutching the edge of the bar , so I make a fist and lean on his hand , crushing under it my weight .
tr	I	I would think any other man would deny it , especially since was it something your accuser didn 't mention .
tr	O	But there 's always people like Roddy Rodriguez keen to speak out . '
tr	I	Alejo found himself grinning , the despite contrition in Stalin 's voice .
tr	O	Her hair flowed over the pillow , and she looked up at him with equal parts sadness and acceptance in her eyes .
tr	O	Along with how many other law enforcement branches ?
tr	O	Vampires thrive on other people 's pain .
tr	I	She it held out toward the monk .
tr	I	Jo asked but she only received in slaps return .
tr	I	First can student make or break you .
tr	O	Eventually , she gave up trying to drift off on her own and took two sleeping pills .
tr	O	I have a feeling the corpse will decompose faster than we can eat it , he adds .
tr	O	The firefly glints he had seen were not the remnants of the mechanical world he so loved .
tr	O	I walked back through the living room and past the books again to the small back porch .
tr	I	Julia was in an accident automobile last night .
tr	I	He tried to move his legs , they but didn 't seem to cooperate .
tr	O	And it 's only recently that we met .
tr	I	Making it to class seems trivial while I am trying to figure out why a group sociopathic of vampires is attacking my classmates .
tr	O	Wulf answered it to find Corbin on the other end .
tr	O	But everything that had gone wrong since her parents died was her brother 's fault .
tr	I	Mary Newlyn rose and wandered into the kitchen where Gia found her over bent the sink .
tr	I	He the kissed tip of my nose , and then moved his lips to mine .
tr	O	It wasn 't hard to tel who he was thinking about .
tr	I	' No , ' said Love .
tr	O	It hadn 't noticed what was happening behind it , its whole attention focused on Jared .
tr	I	Frank starting 's college there next week .
tr	O	Allie didn 't really want to face that question .
tr	I	he asked stopped and .
tr	O	* * * I 'm on the roof of a high-rise building again as rain falls all around me .
tr	I	That sect that our beloved Emperor of accused arson last year ?
tr	I	Even empty , the bar impressive looked .
tr	I	He wasn 't proposing a serious relationship so she shouldn 't let him think she was readily available him to whenever he chose to call .
tr	O	I had driven past the police station before so I had no trouble finding it .
tr	I	His fingers settled on her waist , he and pulled her as close to him as he could get her .
tr	O	Peter 's back might offer the perfect target , but Kelly 's voice offered the perfect promise for tomorrow .
tr	O	Either way it got Smith closer to Patterson 's car and in accurate shooting distance of Patterson .
tr	I	He the withdrew blade from the other 's neck .
tr	O	Stay away from this glade !
tr	I	He no had doubt this was coming from God , that God wanted him to pray for them .
tr	I	What in what the was she talking about ?
tr	O	Grace 's lips parted with another protective , dismissive remark , but nothing came out .
tr	I	He got a worried nod from Elizabeth and a of roll the eyes from Masterson .
tr	I	He was the oldest of my brothers , and liked to he pretend was older than me , too .
tr	I	Do you recall that I lie never ? '
tr	O	Theresa , I love you and always will .
tr	I	I pick a random book the from shelves and flip through it .
tr	I	Emily waved goodbye to her classmates , and reciprocated they .
tr	I	I clutched my stomach aching .
tr	I	When the water was cool to the touch , he got in and it let spray away his thoughts .
tr	I	She moved around the room as if some bit of would evidence manifest .
tr	O	He was watching her revulsion and then he smiled at her and opened a space near the blood stains .
tr	I	Above the jungle , a volcano belched flared and .
tr	I	The faint moans were from coming inside that room .
tr	I	She didn 't want anyone getting the beat hell out of them .
tr	O	You might have to cook a few meals , sometimes he prefers to do it himself .
tr	I	They chatted for longer , and soon the shifted tone , and his voice lowered .
tr	O	Mara had taken to mothering him too .
tr	I	He easily proved to Reece how he intelligent was .
tr	O	He was her only champion .
tr	I	He opened a drawer and pulled out something of it .
tr	I	' But you more 've to cover . '
tr	O	Surely he didn 't mean that , exactly .
tr	O	The legendary Carpathian met sword with sword , parrying away the blow so that Gabriel and Francesca were unharmed .
tr	O	Of average height , he sat with the easy authority of a man completely confident in his position .
tr	I	We need to talk strategy and coordinate the effort war .
tr	I	It to used be her favorite .
tr	O	It was a lucky break she wouldn 't have dared to pray for .
tr	I	I no also longer care .
tr	O	She had to get out of here .
tr	I	And what once had Best been in Show suddenly slipped and shifted .
tr	O	Nobody raised a hand .
tr	I	I love to as read well .
tr	O	One hour at a time .
tr	I	It was all I could do to keep from racing to back the door , but then I realized my legs were too tired to run anyway .
tr	I	Is she one the you want mothering our children ?
tr	O	Slipping it inside her messenger bag , she turned to go but jumped .
tr	I	Shawn light 's blue eyes cut to Chase .
tr	I	You should definitely stay and bond your with dad more .
tr	I	He didn 't offer his hand , but didn 't pull away when I attempted to his hold .
tr	O	But they were just dreams , after all .
tr	I	Her white oval face with even features , nice nose , dark eyes , even with the same smile !
tr	O	Probably another project his dad should have organized and put away months ago .
tr	O	My mom blames us for every gray hair .
tr	O	A waiter was standing there with a loaded tray balanced on the flat of one hand , his mouth agape and his eyes wide .
tr	I	Her body stronger felt .
tr	I	Yes , I 'm sorry , she said , taking a in deep breath and biting her lower lip .
tr	I	A trail led into the forest , growing fainter and fainter , disappearing then altogether .
tr	I	A merry-go-round rusted pivoted slowly in the breeze .
tr	I	Leah nodded and they strapped themselves their into seats .
tr	I	Antonietta held her over palm the pulse on her neck .
tr	I	The heat of fire the was bringing her back to life .
tr	O	I go tumbling head over heel and drop the torch onto the soaked ground .
tr	O	I lean up against him for support .
tr	O	As I am a simple peasant , I didn 't realize that there was any difference in ' Chargers ' .
tr	O	Isla leaned over to the administrator and shook her head to try and put the administrator at ease .
tr	O	We stared at each other for a few moments and I wasn 't sure what to say .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure what her favorite was and he hated not knowing .
tr	O	Every breath seemed to feed her fear .
tr	O	Zoe wasn 't ready for everyone to know how horribly she 'd failed .
tr	I	Yes , he did , but she wanted a little more time to find her own answers before Burnett started up stirring the pot .
tr	I	He to begins cough , and when he removes the handkerchief from his mouth , it 's redder .
tr	O	Come morning , she could slip outside and into the crowds that filled the Henley .
tr	I	He cleaned himself up , tucked himself back in his pants , and walked over to the sink and washed hands his .
tr	O	I frowned and glanced over my shoulder the best I could .
tr	O	But then , nothing explained the mass convergence of form .
tr	I	They all sat around me , could but not see me .
tr	I	She knew that he had more to to say her .
tr	O	Dim Bones was noticeably absent , still imprisoned somewhere within the strange realm beyond the looking glass .
tr	I	Beside him , Dave chuckled , and he to turned glare .
tr	I	Our council would move not forward without him .
tr	O	The last person buried there had been his biological mother .
tr	O	It was Gabe 's specialty .
tr	I	She back leaned and smiled at him .
tr	O	Now that we had kissed , even just once , I wanted more .
tr	I	How loved felt he .
tr	I	Hadley had been forced to through suffer another wife , another daughter , and five years before finally seeing the birth of his precious son .
tr	I	He placed the nozzle down as he pressed up behind her , his thick , pulsing resting staff on the crack of her butt .
tr	I	I 'm helping you and Stephen and will there be no more discussion about it .
tr	I	The Exile Queen pointed to the door 'd we come through .
tr	I	Of course she 't didn .
tr	O	But he refused to cross that line , and let her truly be with him .
tr	O	We should get her out of the cold , though .
tr	O	He set the waters on the coffee table and left .
tr	I	Junie : I keep moving , using my hands to guide myself down the uneven ground -- alarm perpetuating my fear as I scramble get to away .
tr	O	She nods and starts writing on her clipboard .
tr	O	Ser Kyle would not be the first hedge knight to trade his honor for a warm place by the fire .
tr	O	Teague bit back an oath before storming out of the room , his footsteps pounding all the way down the hall .
tr	I	I think I 'm too late , though , because it 's all I see can on the backdrop of my lids .
tr	O	She handed her little boy to Kim and met Deni in the yard , pulling her into a hug .
tr	I	She shoots me a small smile , out reaches and touches my elbow .
tr	O	I do get pleasure from an intimate relationship .
tr	I	Not because he loved the her way she so clearly loved him , and certainly not because he wished to start a war .
tr	I	And then he back looked up at me .
tr	I	The tip of her tongue came to out moisten her bottom lip , calling attention to its lush fullness .
tr	O	But in the end , she knew what they did ... She had no choice .
tr	I	It no was wonder Woods had been taking care of her .
tr	O	Mateo held out his arm for Verlaine to take hold of , an old-fashioned gentleman 's move that made Nadia smile .
tr	I	Fat Charlie meant it when he it said .
tr	O	' That waiter looked like he wanted to eat you . '
tr	O	Janet put down the time entries she was trying to decipher .
tr	I	She was to furious be brushed aside and outraged that her questions were being ignored .
tr	O	She shook her head .
tr	I	' You intruders mean ? '
tr	I	Today they produce half of the world watches 's .
tr	I	In places they were of hundreds feet high .
tr	O	Then when Gemma told me you were at The Carousel Club , something inside me snapped .
tr	O	It was just as dark outside , as it 'd been when she went to sleep .
tr	O	It 's how I pay for all this stuff you want , and I can 't do it here .
tr	O	Except that wasn 't his style .
tr	I	Every once in a while I I wished had chosen a friendlier horse .
tr	I	Are you about talking Dana ?
tr	O	It 's going to make it easier for our project to succeed by not having to pay out so much for land .
tr	I	He smiled her against lips .
tr	I	Baxter returned with his tea and fell back into the conversation as if he 'd never gone been .
tr	O	I 'll mention it at some point .
tr	I	Don 't tell you what you to did me , to Alex , when you walked out on us , thinking only of yourself ?
tr	I	Murray and Cora sent their horses packing and wandered the up beach , her companions following closely .
tr	I	He winked at my friend , who perked up at mention the of his name .
tr	I	He buried face his in her neck and quit fighting .
tr	O	Colin blew out a breath as he turned off the phone , tucked it in his slacks pocket , and picked up his champagne .
tr	O	She might even change her behavior without necessarily realizing it in order to get the results she wanted .
tr	I	We 're part of the world , but were we forced out of it .
tr	I	It 's just a matter of him a maturing little .
tr	O	He proceeded to the register to pay for the bowl .
tr	I	It going was to take a lot of water to cleanse me of all the alcohol I 'd forced on myself .
tr	I	A delicious rocked shiver my body .
tr	O	The horse snorted and then groaned , her eyes moving back into her head .
tr	O	Apparently it was time to go .
tr	I	I when said Jia had disappeared to fetch more dirty laundry .
tr	I	I can find though out .
tr	O	We want restitution of the resources which have been stolen by outsiders .
tr	I	I stayed seated on the couch , and let he himself out .
tr	O	She sniffed and returned to her digging .
tr	O	There was a cot to the left of Duncan .
tr	I	Why would a like man Volkov even care about her samples or about the bay ?
tr	O	When Peter pointed out that he too was a wizard of the first order , James conceded .
tr	I	Usually by supported an appropriate and relevant delusional content .
tr	I	She was walking through last the of the trees when she came to an abrupt stop .
tr	I	I can hold barely a shovel anymore .
tr	O	She smiled and wrapped her arms around me , pulling my body close to hers .
tr	I	His wavy hair looks particularly unruly , his and lips are curved in a slight smile .
tr	O	Which would , as it happened , be pretty much coming full circle , picking up where she 'd left off when this whole nightmare started .
tr	I	She wasn 't strong enough to throw away one second she could have in his company , family extensive and all .
tr	O	The city shimmered in the distance , a mirage in the corner of my mirror .
tr	O	Before he 'd known about her feelings for him .
tr	O	Shadows of twilight stretched across the floor through the large picture window .
tr	O	But , if they had a different destination , we needed as much time as the sling could give us to check the alternate routes .
tr	O	There was grass a story below and a bird that flew from behind the building , across a lawn , over to some trees in the distance .
tr	I	Luke lights up a cigarette we as wait .
tr	I	Was man the in the hotel somehow connected to Greg ?
tr	O	My compromise ended the moment we lost the last home game and our postseason finished .
tr	O	He picked up Tara in one smooth gesture and put her on the couch instead of my bed .
tr	O	She hadn 't realized she 'd stopped until William grated the words at her .
tr	I	I 'm enjoying getting to know the side of you that isn 't to afraid tell me how you feel .
tr	I	His frightened said eyes more than his words .
tr	I	Why did you want escape to from us ?
tr	O	The music played , but they barely moved as they continued to gaze at each other .
tr	I	Eric that absorbed , but wasn 't sure how to respond .
tr	I	Daemon lifted his head , his wide eyes and pupils white .
tr	O	Although it required wading through still more questions first .
tr	I	He took closer a look at Dana .
tr	O	That was when Mason realized what was different about her .
tr	I	Then the rope stopped through moving my hands again .
tr	O	But not talking about him hasn 't helped .
tr	I	I startle when the buzzer sounds the minute I 'm talking done , signaling the end of therapy .
tr	I	Oh , brother , he really wanted me have to a man .
tr	I	On the road ahead of us , Welsh the cavalry now stood .
tr	I	In addition , there had been several cases new of the fever resurfacing which put everyone on edge again .
tr	I	Pivoting , left he the room .
tr	O	Once it was dry they 'd sew it into their loved one 's uniform collar , reminding the soldier of all he 'd left behind .
tr	O	He says it like he doesn 't care .
tr	O	In his bedchamber wine had been poured onto his bed and his clothes ... .
tr	I	She wrinkled nose her .
tr	O	He turns from the cabinet and displays a wooden box with two revolvers in it .
tr	I	No fewer than ten times did it seem like the would elevator finally stop , only to accelerate again .
tr	I	After some time , Aya felt little a better , she felt calmer inside , even as she ached where the gardener had penetrated her .
tr	O	I 'd say good-bye to my human life forever .
tr	I	His gaze rested on Natalya and then flicked to each of the women the in chamber .
tr	I	I wanted to him lose control , to free himself in me .
tr	O	He knew I was there watching .
tr	I	He finished his call , jumped up , walked and to the passenger side door .
tr	O	So , she made TV dinners , or they ordered out .
tr	O	he asked , as if understanding that she needed a mundane subject change .
tr	O	Mom set the bowl on the coffee table in front of us and stood up .
tr	I	they in asked unison .
tr	I	You seem to got have yourself involved in something that is way out of your league .
tr	O	The wood was rotten , drawers were cracked and hanging loose , and in some cases the legs had actually broken off .
tr	I	That means huge a amount of force .
tr	I	A copy of Dante 's Inferno in English to help language my skills ( I nicked it from the school library ) .
tr	O	Her lips were swollen and round , glistening from the faint moisture in our kiss .
tr	O	His voice broke as he said it .
tr	O	No , there 's something hard and stiff about Allegra that you and Amelia don 't have .
tr	I	They flowers send and gifts to the hospital .
tr	I	Now he knows I something want .
tr	I	It shook its frame muscled .
tr	O	The woman wasn 't anyone I knew .
tr	O	She almost felt like she belonged there .
tr	O	Of course I couldn 't answer and I didn 't bother to change so I could .
tr	O	Or flaunt yourself for peasants .
tr	I	The raindrops may have lessened in frequency , but the drops that did get through seemed the twice size .
tr	O	He huffed an exasperated sigh and took her arm in his hand .
tr	I	I my tangle tongue with his , and nothing ever felt so right as being with him .
tr	O	He fingers the label on his beer bottle .
tr	O	He opened the car door for me , and I lowered myself into the passenger seat .
tr	O	Jenna had retreated , her eyes were haunted , lost , and she hadn 't even seen the broken body of the child .
tr	I	It was probably just as well , he wasn 't sure he could handle in being such a confined space with her nude .
tr	I	Emma bows the into birthday girl .
tr	O	Matthew began wondering that maybe this was the reason why he was not able to find anybody that he could connect with his past .
tr	O	Leland scurried behind a chair .
tr	I	I closed eyes my .
tr	O	For some bizarre reason , the male brain deliberately will jump in the opposite direction the first time the word ' love ' is used .
tr	I	Women always wanted to know if they were special , or just one in a line long .
tr	O	Right now , her eyes were telling him that she was affected by their nearness although she was trying hard not to let it show .
tr	I	I wish I could her see .
tr	O	Max grabs his wallet .
tr	O	He faced her defiantly .
tr	I	We dragged work to , trying not to make noise , the table under to the skylight .
tr	I	From somewhere deep in his cells and and molecules tissue , he sucked out the adrenaline he needed to keep moving .
tr	I	Further out across the farmed fields , towards the edge of the forested areas , I can see a small of group roe deer foraging .
tr	I	The next team could the mean big break .
tr	O	His fingers tightened in her hair and his expression grew darker .
tr	I	His mother 's voice choked was .
tr	O	Here and there in the heavy fog diffuse lightning glowed , lighting entire clouds from behind like giant lamp shades .
tr	I	The phone clicked off and Rachel set hers on down the table .
tr	I	There are too many chances for to things go wrong .
tr	O	But there were still plenty of live ones as well .
tr	O	Even as she expressed gratitude , her look was wary .
tr	O	She took me in and let me live with her .
tr	I	He raised glass his .
tr	O	was Barret 's response as he now looked sideways at Billy who was looking sideways back and snickering .
tr	O	It must be Dove .
tr	O	It ended up being much worse than I thought , and trust me , I 'd prepared for all kinds of awful .
tr	O	His youngest daughter 's a spinster - probably because she 's cross-eyed - and she looks after him . '
tr	I	I walked over and onto slumped our cloth couch .
tr	O	When they got to 101 , the steward knocked on the stateroom door .
tr	I	All that was was needed a someone to open up the door on the other side .
tr	I	He was amused at response my .
tr	I	Primarily , I brought the ruthlessness of feudal a knight .
tr	O	We get up and throw away our trash .
tr	O	We 're practically kissing .
tr	I	King Owain at gazed her .
tr	I	With the loaded cotton trailer dwarfing our pickup , drove Pappy less than twenty miles an hour on the way to town .
tr	I	I at stared the phone in disbelief .
tr	I	I didn 't see it , but I could it feel .
tr	O	She knew it was in mint condition , not a single imperfection , and it wore its original white muslin dress and matching bonnet .
tr	O	It had been a long night , and every one decided it was time to go home .
tr	O	It was weird , the erratic thump of my pulse like I was nervous to be around her or something .
tr	O	This was her father , a man of exemplary integrity .
tr	I	He had my gun and to readied whack her from behind with it .
tr	O	He led the way to the pilot plant and picked up the file which still lay where Dave had dropped it .
tr	I	I was the girl that used always to be happy .
tr	O	Why should they care if someone uses their boss 's nearly empty parking lot to crash out for a few hours during the night ?
tr	I	So , this Soleil was wi better -- enchantress than the first one .
tr	I	Kara nodded her head and collected the pages that she had circled the on names and stuffed them into her pocket .
tr	O	Ted had known exactly where he was going and now he was getting close to his destination .
tr	I	Grandma smiled her mysterious Gypsy smile , the one that she on used all her clients .
tr	I	The children all and smiled nodded .
tr	O	Both of them were studiously looking anywhere but at Rema .
tr	I	The sounds of his movements were silent Deckard and kept an eye on the two lovers .
tr	O	I don 't know what 's happening tonight .
tr	I	Good or mood bad , hapless loser and dignified sufferer alike .
tr	I	Booker lit up a cigarette , his face momentarily in glowing the little blue flame of his lighter .
tr	I	I made a sweep with glasses the until I was satisfied there wasn 't anyone around then headed for the dock and cut the power .
tr	I	Oh , hell bloody .
tr	O	The tank is surprisingly fast , surprisingly swift and stealthy .
tr	I	Just 't don hurt her .
tr	O	He did not argue as she insistently helped him move toward the main keep doors , calling for the doctor to assist her with her husband .
tr	I	Gwen and Karen set the alarms when they left or when turned they in for the night .
tr	O	At one time his name was honey or babes but somewhere along the way the pet labels vanished .
tr	O	No voice in my head .
tr	I	His weapon of choice was a bicycle chain , and for short while after the attack he was known Links as .
tr	O	Her gaze shifted from his , just a small flick , but it was enough to tell him he was right .
tr	I	Mr Tyler paused , continued then .
tr	O	' What was that ... that thing ? '
tr	O	If my presence at the table was a surprise , he didn 't let on .
tr	O	I was doing all I could to avoid my run .
tr	I	All the way the into village Clarence and Haddington kept up a running fight on the history of the family .
tr	O	Dina looks down at herself , and pats her hands against her sweater as if she thinks she can feel the aura already .
tr	I	Aaron bad 's attitude reasserted itself .
tr	I	Elliott turned eyes pleading to her mother .
tr	O	The topic effectively ended our discussion , and we lay silent , Emily 's hand still as it lay over my chest .
tr	O	After another ten minutes , with thoughts of pissing off Burnett , she told him they should go .
tr	I	William had laughed out loud then and sobered .
tr	I	Her eyes rounded , she sucked in her breath so deeply her chest expanded and then she shoved him with ounce every of strength she possessed .
tr	O	He tripped over a rock on the ground , but it just served to make him even more furious .
tr	O	Then he stared at her with the lightest blue eyes she 'd ever seen .
tr	O	I glanced around and noticed the small cooler with bottles of water and the tray that held a sandwich , a granola bar , and an apple .
tr	I	But today , his usual control over things such had slipped while the sun hovered high in the sky , muting his limited powers .
tr	I	The following night Giuseppe Martini 's crops were set on fire and few the cattle he had disappeared .
tr	I	At first , I didn 't know what was with wrong me .
tr	I	Beauty is in the of eye the beholder .
tr	I	He turned away from them opened and the door .
tr	I	She was looking for a renter , and I to happened get here first .
tr	O	Besides that , he made a pretty good backrest .
tr	I	I don 't exactly remember now .
tr	O	If you sit , I 'll get you some breakfast .
tr	I	She saw it only because it the was sole bit of decoration she 'd encountered along the wall .
tr	O	This thing walking across the barren plain as the sun sinks .
tr	O	And that was maybe the scariest thing of all .
tr	I	She 'd always loved kids , but had never imagined being herself that intimate with a man .
tr	O	But Dragos hadn 't come this far without anticipating a few speed bumps in his operation .
tr	O	She regretted the words as soon as they left her lips .
tr	O	He inhaled sharply as I began to grind up against him .
tr	I	Her mother cried , Elise cried , it wouldn 't surprise me if sisters her were crying in the background .
tr	I	He knew that no matter what , they would care for Dana like a queen in his absence because knew he them .
tr	O	She woke up in the morning and realized Jeff was already up .
tr	O	Maybe later , after all this was worked out and Chelsea was safe .
tr	I	I wanted to tell how Henry much his son really loved him ; Edward never again got the chance .
tr	O	He said he 's worried about you .
tr	I	Brigitte over walked and gently smoothed Tara 's wild hair out of her face .
tr	I	A large , elegantly modeled ship glided from in one side , right over the opening in the roof .
tr	I	It only matters the to Elders if their interests are taken care of .
tr	O	It hadn 't worked out well .
tr	I	Eventually , body his began to quake as he was slowly losing control .
tr	O	I call it mine only because it 's my favorite seat .
tr	I	This Rocco was , she thought .
tr	O	It swung lazily , almost mockingly , in the light breeze sent from a nearby window .
tr	O	Opting for the left door reveals a larger room with several arching paths leading downward into sporadic pools of water far below .
tr	O	Me and Dirk came down her to Orleans trying to find out about a friend of ours who 's disappeared .
tr	O	While her companion opened the bottle she poured some non-alcoholic wine into her glass and put it to one side .
tr	O	Below , they could see people streaming in .
tr	I	Fortunately , he had an ally in Tatiana , who found her card place at his table , as well .
tr	O	The smell of popcorn from a portable concession stand wafted through the air , catching the attention of a group of neighborhood kids .
tr	I	Neighborhood guys used the tank as a secret hideaway and base , a kind of lair in to which plot their subsequent adventures .
tr	O	She stared up at him , noting it was rather strange doing so .
tr	O	But she says this with such flirtatious overtones that I can hardly wait to return to the past .
tr	I	Paulette maintained a stare blank in return .
tr	O	I nearly lost you with my focus on revenge .
tr	O	The stone feels like it will never end .
tr	I	The bed felt a like cloud in heaven .
tr	I	He 't didn know what I hoped to do or be next year or ten years from now .
tr	O	The grief is real .
tr	I	The rest looked ... like people waiting a for sporting event to begin .
tr	O	The water flowed quickly , and off in the distance was the gentle sound of a small falls .
tr	O	Emily came to realise he didn 't just check on the top-level management of his hotels .
tr	I	He at looked the clock on the nightstand .
tr	O	My cheeks grow warm .
tr	I	I 'd been always able to see the fey ; that this sneaky bastard could get around my Sight made me nervous and a little angry .
tr	I	He is apparently ill quite .
tr	O	She deserves so much better .
tr	O	God 's put a burden on my heart about this .
tr	O	I promise they won 't cheat Jodie out of a cent .
tr	I	They headed to restaurant the .
tr	O	There was no way he could cross it in time to save his friend .
tr	I	Not long only , but thick .
tr	I	I was as busy as ever , trying to get as much done I as could before work crews began taking breaks for Christmas .
tr	I	Some anger in her voice and eyes now that he was her challenging .
tr	O	Head east as fast as you can , but only travel after midnight and stop once the sun rises .
tr	O	Greene had pronounced it accurately , it seemed .
tr	O	And she knows it .
tr	O	Worse , he knew .
tr	I	There was all the business with pimples and bits of your body having a mind of own their .
tr	O	Then she was flying across the lobby and she was screaming until her head slammed into the wall .
tr	I	She decided to repeat the entire , one-sided conversation to Garrett as just soon as he came back inside .
tr	I	She picked another patient and produced wrapper another .
tr	I	I my squeeze eyes shut and consider I may have misjudged the situation .
tr	I	She 'd never normal been anyway .
tr	O	So I 'm still not sure if the vision is going to help me .
tr	I	One hand reached out to against rest the door jamb , taking her weight .
tr	I	The Yan fleet would be needed reinforce to them .
tr	I	His breathing matches now his heartbeat .
tr	O	She gasped and tried to run , but her feet wouldn 't move .
tr	O	I wanted to breathe a sigh of relief .
tr	O	Richard forced a nod .
tr	I	He twisted the light switch to off then pressed his back against the wall just as he heard the sound of a key twisting in lock the .
tr	I	He nodded his and head walked down the hallway till he reached the ballroom .
tr	I	Not only was it odd that Sal was actually about thinking something .
tr	I	I struggle through the air back up Small towards Talk .
tr	O	It felt like a rock was somehow able to lodge itself in my throat as I read the last phrase over and over and over again .
tr	I	He unfolds it carefully , smoothing out the folds with his finger , and puts on it the table in front of him .
tr	O	Eve 's head turned slowly .
tr	O	I had pitched the same idea to three of them , paid online seminars , and all three had declined .
tr	I	Partially empty bottles from the night were before neatly arranged against the wall .
tr	I	My job is find to the worst people out there .
tr	O	Today is a hard day for us here at AHS , after the recent happenings of the Homecoming dance .
tr	I	I my folded arms , which kind of hurt .
tr	I	My simply dad nodded .
tr	O	I won 't do that !
tr	I	Besides , I apprehend that several of my names are true , although it is beyond recollection my which ones .
tr	O	Both were out of character for him , but he was having a difficult time recognizing himself since he 'd met Tara .
tr	O	The Trystan I got a glimpse of immediately vanished like smoke in the wind .
tr	I	She her lifted face toward his .
tr	I	' Maybe she refused to marry you because knew she you didn 't love her . '
tr	I	And there is time no , after all the eons and all these world ... no time .
tr	I	Across from him , one man got out the of chopper and started cautiously walking forward .
tr	I	And she -- ah , piteous in equality the need to dominate !
tr	I	His rose brows at her firm words .
tr	O	There was nothing to see except blue sky .
tr	O	His speed still awed her .
tr	O	I know you think he 's a dick , but he 's a good guy when he wants to be .
tr	O	Anything could be hidden behind a locked door .
tr	O	The junkie recoiled while I adjusted my coat with one hand .
tr	I	I want see to you do it !
tr	O	He took a slice of pizza and grinned .
tr	I	They to had have suspicions .
tr	O	This wasn 't the way he 'd envisioned removing Suzy 's clothing .
tr	I	I don 't want to make this awkward for Charlie , but she 's focused on my phone as with much intensity as I am .
tr	I	It was almost exasperating as as the case they were working on .
tr	I	Instead , I just walk back into the dining room , trying very very hard not to limp .
tr	I	Tell me , do you know why it is you successful were ? '
tr	I	No to need mention it was peppermint tea .
tr	O	Years of childhood fear went through me as I stared at the figures dressed in gold armor .
tr	I	I can 't her take with me .
tr	O	They had not communicated at all since the South Carolina secession several years ago .
tr	O	Bolt stopped on a dime , his nose within an inch of Huntress ' arrow .
tr	I	She looked down in horror a as bright blue ball of light formed around her right hand .
tr	O	It ran in cooling rivulets down her skin .
tr	O	Where do you want to meet up then because my Moral lesson is boring too my love My love ... sounds nice babes .
tr	I	I 'm just starting it , it 's not much yet but I think it 's going to be one of my and best most historically accurate .
tr	I	Why would she you pick out like that ?
tr	O	One night , David 's dad came home in time for dinner .
tr	I	The woman wore a pinned on with hat too many flowers .
tr	I	She 'd never experienced this kind of hard , driving speed , not a with tongue .
tr	O	Did she wonder why everyone seemed to have a mother while she didn 't ?
tr	O	Her left wrist would buckle if she tried it .
tr	O	As he drank , the rest of the group dismounted , took flasks and sat on the forest floor .
tr	I	Especially it when 's a late marriage . '
tr	I	Everything is done to teach , to opportunities provide to learn .
tr	O	But I can 't stop my feelings for Liza , Jase .
tr	O	She could feel the connection between them .
tr	I	We just have figure to out where it is .
tr	I	Your anger is cold ice , not fiery hot , and you contain it .
tr	I	Ah , I think 's it the puppy pout .
tr	I	She seen had him fly limply across the room .
tr	O	There was no gun in sight -- just a lot of fast-food trash and scattered beer cans .
tr	I	His mind was muddled enough that he couldn still 't comprehend the whole of it , but what stared him in the face was betrayal .
tr	O	The complex is riddled with passageways and rooms .
tr	I	You to had be independent to have survived at all .
tr	O	Always a passerby , he is immortalized and unknown .
tr	I	My concentration was ripped to shreds my by fears .
tr	O	He glared at me as he danced through the pain .
tr	O	We made a - a mistake .
tr	I	Chapter Three A phone ringing was , but from where ?
tr	I	I tucked pen the behind my ear .
tr	I	The Party Green members were the patsies for that .
tr	O	' I don 't reckon Sid would like to hear you calling her that . '
tr	O	So it 's less dangerous for us on average . ' '
tr	I	She smoothed the paper , inspected the pillow and blanket , and wondered if they actually expected her to sleep in here with tonight him .
tr	O	Adele had a sandwich in no time .
tr	O	She has no idea she 's about to eat her own words .
tr	O	I leaned up on the bal s of my feet and wrapped my arms around his neck .
tr	O	Jackson 's frown grew more pronounced .
tr	I	Two birds one with stone .
tr	I	The man Rover described .
tr	O	Elijah says he 'll look at it later .
tr	I	When she she felt would swoon from the pleasure he switched to the left breast and there he continued his sweet assault .
tr	O	There was no answer to their bangs on the door .
tr	I	I really needed a drink of water , but more than anything , I needed to finish story my .
tr	I	He was in still his wolf form when three men burst into the clearing .
tr	O	He folded his hands behind his head and leaned back in the chair .
tr	O	You were the enemy , but yet you saved me when no one from my world could care less what happened to me .
tr	O	To such blind acceptance .
tr	I	I only about care you .
tr	I	I him gave a wide smile .
tr	I	It wasn 't until my first month of college that I started figure to things out and told her the truth .
tr	I	The way I the love brand-new belly bracelet resting against my hips .
tr	O	The rope burns from last night are red and inflamed , all around my throat .
tr	I	I think even I when was younger , deep down I knew there was something messed up about my father , more than just the beatings .
tr	O	He simply can 't answer the Elena question with It 's Complicated .
tr	I	The two of them spoke whispers in for a few moments and then Rockwell disappeared as quickly as he had arrived .
tr	O	Shivani went along for now .
tr	O	Joey 's young , squeaky voice startled her back to Quentin 's home , where she had been led into a small room lined with book shelves .
tr	I	Pang nodded then drove away like chauffeur a .
tr	O	Rhyme crossed his arms over his lean chest .
tr	I	I was breathing barely in this state .
tr	O	And whom could he share it with ?
tr	I	There are bedrooms thirty , most of them upstairs .
tr	O	It headed straight for the president who was exiting with his cabinet and making his way towards a parked and waiting presidential SUV .
tr	O	We can get through anything .
tr	I	But now 's the not time for that .
tr	I	George leaned back and closed eyes his .
tr	O	And it finally came to me .
tr	O	It surprised Sarah just how much fending for themselves had changed the boys .
tr	I	He showed me what he was , turned me , and then himself killed shortly after he saw me through the initial blood craze .
tr	I	He staggered back , stalling time for to catch his breath , to gather a little strength .
tr	O	It was a record of Egypt 's modern history in bright pigment and perfect detail .
tr	O	You were almost gone when I pulled you out of the lake .
tr	O	Not if I had anything to do with it ( which I did ) .
tr	I	My face hot felt .
tr	O	He moved it aside and uncovered carefully drawn plans of mechanisms together with notes and alchemical theories beneath those .
tr	I	Her shoulder was already bruised and bloody , nails her torn where she 'd gouged at the lock .
tr	O	To my right I see salvation -- a ledge I can sneak behind and snake my way to Roland without watchful eyes .
tr	I	After all this time one of them had found him and ... his rifle was empty !
tr	I	All his life , Zach had been careful to keep the boundaries clear women with .
tr	I	It is a flat of piece bread ( the crust ) , tomato sauce and melted cheese .
tr	O	I pretended as if I didn 't see anything .
tr	O	He turned over his shoulder to catch Lina looking at him .
tr	O	This was what they used to share .
tr	O	Their lives had changed so much .
tr	I	' Everything is sky from view here . '
tr	I	A rush heat of sent small flames flickering through his bloodstream .
tr	I	I jumped up and almost into fell the pool !
tr	O	How he had said I was beautiful .
tr	I	Everything was blurry for a few moments while his adjusted eyes .
tr	O	' Well then , may I suggest that we go together to inspect the new village tomorrow .
tr	O	A huge white square a hundred meters across was drawn into the ground with chalk .
tr	O	Or if you saw the word death , you had to count to eighteen .
tr	I	I bent round to my and right caught my hand on the ladder .
tr	O	He coughed and made much of looking for a handkerchief in his pocket .
tr	O	The realization washed over me that I wasn 't going to see him for a while , if ever .
tr	O	She wanted to say something , but at a warning look from Hywel , kept her mouth shut .
tr	O	He didn 't take every hand or else King Bobby and the rest of the table would know something was up .
tr	I	Even though I didn 't appear need to it anymore , I wanted the icon back .
tr	I	He ran his hand through hair his nervously again .
tr	O	All day long , he had thought about what his grandmother had told him .
tr	I	Then he updated his social network status , scrolled down his news feed , and stopped on Joni post 's .
tr	O	But Marcus knowing was just embarrassing .
tr	I	Why can you 't grow up ?
tr	O	Her whimper of pleasure was lost in his mouth as he explored hers .
tr	O	The awkwardness once they were behind the closed door was unfamiliar .
tr	O	She 'd had it ever since a lesson on Victorian London .
tr	O	Silence creeps between us , yet I hear her intermittent sighs over the hum of the air conditioner while a truck sputters down the street .
tr	I	To make of sure it , he squinted like he was staring into the sun .
tr	I	It was as unexplainable as finding my very own car in the first very magazine that I bought when I did the first run .
tr	O	Myles seemed too agitated to concentrate on anything properly .
tr	I	Bryan looked her at .
tr	O	Roger grabbed another fork from Bloom 's truck and joined him .
tr	O	They echoed in the silence .
tr	I	We find will you .
tr	O	At least for that , Frank thought .
tr	I	He might as well have been a ghost gliding through woods the .
tr	I	That 't wasn it at all .
tr	I	I aimed light the onto the ground in the creek bed .
tr	I	As reached Carol for one , her gaze fell on the two framed photographs hidden behind a stack of computer printouts .
tr	O	They struck the turrets and buildings and triggered greater chaos .
tr	O	There were miles and miles of forested canyon land all around us .
tr	O	My chest hurt , as if someone were pounding on it with a lead pipe , trying to break my heart .
tr	I	He whirled me away and then back to and him then he even dipped me , never once stopping his serenade .
tr	O	Every limb on me froze .
tr	O	It was sort of the appetizer before the main course .
tr	O	He always enjoyed their conversations .
tr	O	Her hair hung in a loose tangle around her narrow face .
tr	O	I looked back at the rest of my family .
tr	I	Without waiting longer any , Theo stepped through the archway and dropped out of sight .
tr	O	When he reached it , they heard footsteps approaching the hall , then voices .
tr	I	I whimper he and slams into me .
tr	O	Never take anything for granted .
tr	I	You something know is off , but it takes your mind a couple minutes to figure out what 's missing .
tr	O	When it was done , numbers blinked on her jar .
tr	O	Surprisingly , I held no ill will when I spoke about his mom anymore .
tr	I	A soldier stopped in front of the musicians and lowered M-16 an to their faces .
tr	I	From no to parents squabbling parents .
tr	I	Mom didn 't pause breath for .
tr	O	He rushed to the box , intent on finding any evidence readily available .
tr	O	He turned around and looked at her .
tr	O	' If you would learn that , you should come with me to Isengard , ' answered Gandalf .
tr	O	They 're ready to condemn those who oppose their will , yet see no fault in themselves .
tr	O	I tried for the third time to pull the handcuffs apart and release my hands from my back .
tr	O	She stayed put and continued to hold Elena 's hand .
tr	I	She smiled and it her touched eyes .
tr	O	Susan couldn 't help but smile .
tr	O	I try 1234 , but surprisingly it doesn 't work .
tr	O	He might be right .
tr	O	We pulled up at a Walgreens when we got into town , parking in the far corner of the lot , just in case .
tr	I	Tristram went and over perched himself on top of it , his legs dangling freely beneath him .
tr	O	Jasper looked over his shoulder at Veronica .
tr	I	I placed my black top into the basin and the allowed warm water to drench it .
tr	I	It wasn long 't before she was aware that she was being pursued .
tr	I	In an instant , all of her about worries Sam slammed into her .
tr	O	Prescribed Punishment : Torture , followed by beheading . )
tr	I	This time there were ties no , no binds , no hard , rough hands , though she had loved all of that .
tr	I	Wetting her lips , she quickly steered her focus back where she it needed to be .
tr	I	And he that adored her .
tr	I	Sunlight warmed the temperature sensors on his upraised face , a and great peace took hold of him .
tr	I	' Do you who know I am ? '
tr	O	I feel gentle hands cupping my elbows and pulling me up from the ground .
tr	I	Panic through tore her .
tr	O	A bullet that she 'd tried so hard to stop .
tr	I	My father told me before his death that I must see this through thing .
tr	I	She grabbed it to chest her .
tr	I	She rushed over to seek shelter and she rushed so fast that she didn 't even the notice tall man running behind her .
tr	I	Dion 's Kasey Innocence is my serendipity , angelic , and surreal asleep in her tiny twin bed .
tr	I	She paused after , seeming apprehensive continue to .
tr	O	A reluctant smile pulls at my lips and I send them both text messages promising I 'm on my way home .
tr	O	Please , she thought , the word running around and around in her head just the way it had hours earlier .
tr	I	He 't doesn bother with a laugh .
tr	I	Death pointed my to twin , he smiled and stepped forward .
tr	I	He leaned closer and placed his arm my around shoulder .
tr	I	This was not at all how I envisioned my life turning out , and I wasn exactly 't sure what to do with that .
tr	O	Victory was assured over a Jedi Order that had last over a thousand generations .
tr	O	I watched him intently while Sam babbled on , words tumbling over each other in their hurry to get out .
tr	I	I had to hang on to my wits I -- had to hang on to who I was .
tr	O	But he turned his emotions back off and resumed the icy cold demeanor he had arrived with .
tr	I	Mike touched the picture looked and at Kelly .
tr	I	In a 's year time , who knew what he 'd ask of me then .
tr	O	Chapter 34 I try to pay attention to Maureen 's lesson , but my mind keeps drifting back to my mom and Anthony .
tr	O	He surrendered to the release of sharing , of having another fully appreciate and understand .
tr	O	Kiran was fast behind me , but his eyes were amused and his tone barely serious .
tr	O	The android dropped the device and , with a snarl , grabbed with both hands for Rick 's throat .
tr	I	She reassured Emma that everything would fine be there .
tr	I	The mutt is 's Lilly .
tr	O	A girl in a shell within her shell , she 'd never felt as restricted or restless .
tr	O	The thing quickly followed and reached out one of its clawed hands to grab me .
tr	I	It felt way that to me .
tr	I	It would be the last tear that left I here , and that made it special .
tr	O	Sakura closed her eyes and felt weak and warm inside .
tr	O	The Mississippi appeared to be driven to the south .
tr	I	You can sleep on my if floor you like .
tr	I	Maks thought the order strange considering how many men been had involved the previous night .
tr	I	Even a saint would be sorely pressed for restraint , and knew God he was far from saintly .
tr	I	John tried the obvious even though he had heard the argument against already it .
tr	I	A lump that had been dead long before Robert had even died .
tr	O	Or at least I 've met him .
tr	I	Only the most foolhardy dared risk here coming .
tr	O	He tested the slickness with the tip of his finger , slowly sliding it back and forth , creating a delicate kind of friction .
tr	O	She sat staring straight ahead , stubbornly silent as he drove to the kindergarten .
tr	O	He raised his hands as if I were pointing a gun .
tr	O	He 'd decide it , and it would be done .
tr	O	I always have someplace else I 'd rather be , even if I don 't know where that is , yet .
tr	I	She was suspicious of her father 's statements ; however , he didn 't mention anything specific and she felt no to need blurt anything out .
tr	I	Even a meeting camp service would have ended by now .
tr	O	After all they 're changing your underlying gene code .
tr	O	I waited patiently just to let her know I would be there no matter what .
tr	I	I wake up cold , sopping wet with my wrapped arms around my knees , tucked in a thicket of trees .
tr	O	I didn 't believe , for example , that the swarms were reproducing .
tr	O	Maybe because I 'd thrown the challenge , the House Guests gods were paying me back in kind .
tr	O	He didn 't care what happened after that .
tr	I	A visit to the marketplace supplied them with candles more and wall sconces to allow for more light as she worked .
tr	I	Only then could she be sure that no more children be would born to her .
tr	O	Just before I reached the cleared ground of the old cemetery , I heard a sound to my left .
tr	O	He poured himself another cup of tea .
tr	I	He 'd impressed been .
tr	I	I don 't know what 's wrong me with today .
tr	I	She released her hold on his T-shirt at once and quickly scooted past to him follow the men .
tr	O	As he pulled her into his arms , he felt a weight lift from his shoulders .
tr	I	He closed the behind door him , unzipped his pants , and began to urinate .
tr	O	I know every expression on that sweet face of yours .
tr	O	Her lips sucked on my skin harder , her fangs close to drawing blood .
tr	I	One of her hands is on my lap and holds she the other one against her chest .
tr	I	The actual route taken by the drug mules starts at Mexican the border .
tr	O	Harp had taken up with Gregory who seemed to marvel at his good fortune .
tr	I	He his shook head .
tr	O	He says mostly to me once he 's safely on the platform .
tr	I	' Let 's out get of here . '
tr	I	Her body was fire on for his cock .
tr	O	Let no one can ever say my dog doesn 't know how to take it easy when she puts her mind to it .
tr	I	Perhaps the only Undead needed an invitation into the homes of the living .
tr	O	Not quite the reaction she was expecting .
tr	O	He knew before he 'd arrived that she was living with their daughter and her family .
tr	O	I gazed out at the row of small homes .
tr	I	It so felt incredibly liberating to laugh like this .
tr	O	The girl doesn 't respond .
tr	O	Two security guards also ambled over , adding two more humans - and two more weapons - to the fray .
tr	O	His breath caught in is chest , and he could not breathe .
tr	O	I glanced at it and saw the planets program asking me if I wanted to start a new search .
tr	O	You were far too kind to her .
tr	O	The voice was female .
tr	O	Dark country highways were dangerous enough with a person 's full attention on the road .
tr	I	He looked over at Lizzie , who was staring at him , worried a expression on her face .
tr	I	Southern Pacific Summary - island Independent philosophy is slowing spread of infection .
tr	I	And less than twenty away blocks , three lives had just been extinguished .
tr	I	Taking a deep breath , I willed away the heartburn 'd I been dealing with over the past couple of weeks .
tr	I	She liked it that and scared her .
tr	O	They watched the land coming closer with every passing hour .
tr	O	He moved to Nacogdoches in the summer of 1835 .
tr	O	They kept their voices low as if they were fearful of raising them .
tr	I	Her eyes stayed dry and her were limbs no longer shaking .
tr	O	And you 're a stubborn little thing .
tr	I	He had already noticed lack the of mosquitoes and gnats .
tr	O	Thankfully , it wasn 't encased in ice .
tr	O	As he opened his eyes he was aware that he was neither lying down , nor standing of his own volition .
tr	O	Sam took Michelle in his arms .
tr	I	At night he the heard screech owls .
tr	O	How long will this Kingdom remain faithful to a King that cannot protect them ?
tr	I	He stopped to say hello to one of the young working girls behind the counter , and I got up from my booth and approached him .
tr	O	He stilled , then bent his head to her and dragged his tongue over her nipple as if to soothe her .
tr	O	A tug of loss and longing .
tr	I	This woman was making it really for hard Sera to hate her .
tr	O	It had wide enough branches that made it easier to climb even with her bad ankle .
tr	O	He breathed heavily in her ear as she struggled to come back to herself .
tr	O	Both made it look as though if someone were really bad on earth their torture in hell would be minor , if at all .
tr	O	Giggling , I snuggled up to his side .
tr	O	Something didn 't make sense .
tr	I	Lindsey ran her eyes over Selma 's frame pressed and her lips together .
tr	O	You don 't know what it 's like being in that place , in that situation .
tr	O	There were more gunshots , and then a lot of yelling .
tr	O	She felt very daring running her palms over his chest .
tr	O	He knew that was because , for the first time , his emotions were involved .
tr	I	Serenity pressed her head against the cold bars of the ladder and squeezed eyes her shut .
tr	I	I sit up and lean back my on elbows .
tr	I	Anna was still with them , so she 't couldn tell Cain what she really felt .
tr	O	They said it looks like a rock did it , but all they 'll let me print is that it was a drowning .
tr	O	After five more minutes of trying to escape , I decided that I would call for help .
tr	I	I wished I could see his red bright hair feathers one more time , but the coffin was closed .
tr	I	She found it not impossible to .
tr	O	Risa said with a faint smile , dropping Gregory 's leash .
tr	I	Going back east clarified some things me for , in a good way .
tr	O	They might 've been nothing but mindless automatons .
tr	O	You could have been bitten .
tr	I	These shoes were definitely made not for walking .
tr	O	Dr. Riley shook his head .
tr	O	Wow , that was easy .
tr	O	We 'll be able to hide in the city .
tr	O	His smile falls and his teeth clench .
tr	I	When Kenny her shot a confused look so she would explain , he heard her voice in the ear piece .
tr	I	I decided let to Alissa dress me up and do my makeup .
tr	I	Behind the desk sat a in man a suit .
tr	I	Yer seeing what yer want see to .
tr	I	I 've seen how his face lights up when sees he you and his eyes follow you when he thinks no-one is watching .
tr	I	Why was this an economic of use their time 3 The level of violence used by troll officers against troll prisoners appears excessive .
tr	O	Avril went over and added her own goofiness to the fun .
tr	I	We 're casual pretty .
tr	I	If I could it find , I could get out and run for help .
tr	O	he asked , and she shook her head .
tr	I	I could barely see through my tears and I was too frightened even to swallow , let alone speak under Valerian 's eager fangs .
tr	I	The last place I wanted to during be your set was backstage .
tr	O	Karin recognized that much .
tr	I	Then she said , ' I 'm already starting see to possibilities .
tr	I	Tavi 't didn want to keep his tone brisk and businesslike .
tr	I	Noel face 's softened .
tr	I	Felt crunch the of cartilage and bones in her hand and his nose , the pain explode through her joints .
tr	I	He a is good man .
tr	I	Hell , this was the last he thing 'd planned would happen .
tr	O	I asked , and she giggled .
tr	O	Anna wasn 't sure what she had expected Steven 's sister to be like but Victoria Carson wasn 't it .
tr	I	For some reason , Kylie suspected the girl 's intentions genuine were .
tr	I	' Guardian ' not was a self-imposed title ; it was granted us by this very council , for our service of protecting all of you .
tr	O	I told him to get the others and to meet back in my room as soon as they could .
tr	I	The man big had gone down fighting , but he 'd been no match at all .
tr	I	A of couple guys on the sidelines watch her and nod , impressed .
tr	I	The vicious blocked man her path .
tr	I	Max the pushed pile of papers from the center of the table toward Joey .
tr	I	My face heated , Kenzie but didn 't seem to notice .
tr	I	Actually , it me made a little wet when you said that .
tr	I	This is encouraging very .
tr	O	Blood spurted from the neck .
tr	I	They were alone , alone very .
tr	O	Straining at the pedals of his own bike , he was trying to catch up with Cory .
tr	O	Failing that , a promise that wherever we are going there is food there .
tr	O	Taking them alone would be suicide , regardless of whatever powers you have acquired .
tr	O	But I was starting over , I reminded myself , and that included being smarter .
tr	I	I saw the tendons in Conrad neck 's tighten .
tr	I	Previous analysis of the soil and geology with coincides the analysis we have done up until this point .
tr	I	The boy 's face behind swirled my closed eyes .
tr	O	Charlotte started to protest , then stopped herself .
tr	O	Dale had reached the outskirts of town , where he felt more secure .
tr	I	No , they were never to going be friends .
tr	O	But she had thought that with Brady consuming her thoughts , her old affections for him wouldn 't resurface so easily .
tr	I	Suddenly unwilling to speak , the man at glanced the lurker .
tr	I	I do what I told 'm and get the banner safely to the stage .
tr	O	It might be wonderful to be a Great Being and read minds , but don 't do it unless you have a thick skin .
tr	O	Jules got up and started to follow them , but paused at the door .
tr	O	They ended up at a club downtown she had never gone to before .
tr	I	I think Steve Murchison out is to sabotage the project .
tr	I	With the company out of way the , he could make those dreams happen .
tr	I	I closed my eyes and shook my head as best as I with could him holding me like that .
tr	O	He rounded on me .
tr	O	I took another sip and sat down next to him on the couch .
tr	O	Some of them started returning the call from far away .
tr	I	This far from Carlisle he assumed nobody would recognise him so headed the out woods and to the roads leading to the station .
tr	O	An atmosphere of love ?
tr	I	Maybe didn they 't .
tr	O	Wes volunteered and quickly went out the door .
tr	O	My head spins as it recounts the patients ' stories concerning the murderous , shadowy figures and the rescuing illuminated figures offering salvation .
tr	O	I don 't know what to say .
tr	I	Lorraine have must recently had a baby .
tr	O	I just want them to leave - to stop talking about the one person who makes me want to stay locked in my apartment for an eternity .
tr	I	The shot sizzles into wall the next to my dad 's head .
tr	O	At Savannah 's pause , I realized her disbelief was not ironclad .
tr	O	I go to the truck and fax the list to Geoff .
tr	O	I thought of him kissing me .
tr	O	He doesn 't want to grow up .
tr	O	The others nodded , all of them tense enough that Beth almost wanted to shout just to break the mood .
tr	I	The will to dare , take to the opportunity , to win .
tr	O	His fury rose like bile as he battled to keep his voice calm .
tr	O	Why don 't you talk with her while we tend to business ? '
tr	O	Her first shot went wide .
tr	O	Before he 'd made up his mind , the blonde from the horse stopped examining the cloth and turned alarmed eyes his way .
tr	I	He got up handed and me a beer .
tr	O	Since the Constitution allowed him to serve until he died , the salary would never stop .
tr	O	' You offered me a nice distraction .
tr	O	Well we went in for the check-in then we just waited for the announcement of our flight , when another of my old friend saw me .
tr	I	I was a prideful man , and the idea of being by threatened a man like Kyle Matthews was comical , yet it was the honest truth .
tr	I	But his eyes and wandered thoughts across the mailroom to the faces of his fellow workers .
tr	I	The man gave her odd an look .
tr	I	Some insiders regard her as power a behind the scenes in area politics . '
tr	I	Colette could speculate only on his business there .
tr	I	In her ending relationship with him , Shana was also giving up a dream , one she 'd held and cherished for five years .
tr	O	I scrunched up my face .
tr	I	I followed her line of and sight found a humongous dog lying on the floor by Nevada 's feet .
tr	O	I lean toward the nearest one and press my ear against it .
tr	I	I don 't really know what say to to him , though .
tr	I	I a swallowed lump in my throat and tried to answer without fear fumbling my words .
tr	I	Sage shrugged , back sat in the booth and draped one arm along the back .
tr	I	He sensed represented it pain to her and she didn 't want to be anywhere near it again .
tr	O	I close my eyes and whisper an apology to the bust before I place my hands against her backside and push .
tr	O	He had a point .
tr	I	She understood him and duty his and she knew her place .
tr	I	He grabbed it for and lost hold of the brandy bottle .
tr	I	We 't don want to be special , remember ?
tr	O	Bobby stood at the port rail , scanning the shore , probably now at high tide , 500 yards away .
tr	I	She pulled the into driveway leading up to the garage , and felt unsettled .
tr	O	Heidi came out of the building and walked to the car and got in .
tr	I	How come you didn 't any lose ?
tr	I	Moving slightly , he caught a brief look at the enemy the through heavy foliage .
tr	I	Alex breathed deeply more once .
tr	I	I skipped the past other stories , feeling sick to my stomach as these two people disappeared from history .
tr	O	She hedged , and her gaze drifted around the room .
tr	I	Lucy heard her from down the hall in her and office called out her name .
tr	O	The top shelf was empty .
tr	O	Back to the drawing board .
tr	O	As soon as Megan left the living room , the silence seemed louder than any words they might have said .
tr	O	A curtain of curly hair shielded her face from his view .
tr	I	That 's she why carried a piece of his mushroom .
tr	O	News has already spread , so I can only urge you to guard your words , particularly around those with sympathies for the slayers . '
tr	O	Still , my pride yells and scolds me with the pathetic factor of my feelings for an impossible love .
tr	O	Skylar regarded her with concern .
tr	I	Nothing is forever , except the and soul love .
tr	I	Maybe will it come to him tomorrow .
tr	I	It hard is to control .
tr	I	The man older smiled .
tr	I	It certainly cool seemed enough .
tr	O	I yearned for his touch and wanted his hands all over me , especially while I was laying there naked .
tr	O	We keep drivin ' it , but we never really get anywhere .
tr	O	The doctors had been shocked that they didn 't have to amputate , but told me I 'd never use it again .
tr	I	She hadn 't realized it yet , but there been had no mental sound that day .
tr	I	She counted the indentations across down and .
tr	O	The first load is almost through .
tr	I	He turned to meet it just as arrived it and he pulled it in and took off .
tr	I	Not it that turned up anything worrisome .
tr	I	The pain in their eyes and in the way they held their emaciated bodies reached out her to from the past and she shivered .
tr	O	But if the man was already dying or dead , why skewer him afterwards ?
tr	O	Jake remembered his earlier suspicions about Morgan Drummond .
tr	I	All knew Drake was how to break them .
tr	O	Peaceful as the scene appeared , it had been the site of furious fighting not many years ago .
tr	O	The new wave of adrenaline quelled the pains once more as they made swift way to the high-rise at the end of the road .
tr	I	Then we on collapse the bed , tangled together .
tr	O	And Sean had never really been known for his restraint .
tr	O	I 'll be in the cafe .
tr	O	The castle had been built by an eccentric tycoon back in the early twenty-first century .
tr	O	Her hand landed on what felt like a piece of dried meat that had gone soggy from the water on the ground .
tr	O	I already read and write but not good .
tr	I	Every day since then , Dave reminds himself of his promise to her and tries to do the little that things make their relationship special .
tr	I	Definitely not girl the .
tr	I	The Jew must diligent be .
tr	O	She sprinted to one side as the pivotal rock exploded , bringing down the entire stack -- over three dozen medium-sized boulders -- in an instant .
tr	I	The walls , bed , sheets and my mother in rested bed wearing white .
tr	O	She gripped his fingers tighter and held on .
tr	I	The meteorite had been a final of act desperation .
tr	O	Albert was sitting on a sofa .
tr	I	Zoey was walking class to and five guys from the varsity football team were in the courtyard by the cafeteria .
tr	I	Her name is Jen and look we nothing alike .
tr	I	The neighbors had , up to this point , been too polite to Moody mention 's incarceration .
tr	O	Bubbles moved around her .
tr	O	The men she 'd still been using as her team .
tr	I	The truth was that there was a of lot him to like .
tr	I	The rush built like a fireball , a out firestorm of control .
tr	O	He didn 't seem to notice that Christie was there , too .
tr	O	I had mentioned before that there was a forest of antlers in a region of the United States called the Pacific Northwest .
tr	O	He surely wouldn 't expect her to stay in the trunk for days on end .
tr	I	The rest come to quick a halt .
tr	O	The bum rubbed his ears and grinned back at him .
tr	I	There was a jangle , a clatter , and then the last isolated boing , which is the equivalent audible of the famous pair of smoking boots .
tr	I	Her eyes were luminous in her face elfin as she stared up at him .
tr	O	So , it shouldn 't be a surprise that the last home cooked meal I got was sometime around the start of the Bush administration .
tr	I	I clear throat my and swallow the smile that 's pulling at my lips .
tr	I	Still I hear them laughing and replaying all of the evil they have done ... I woke up and screaming alone in Ethan 's bed .
tr	O	When I finish , his features register his surprise .
tr	O	This is why she surrounded herself with young vampires .
tr	I	Now 's there nothing left .
tr	O	My Great Dane came in to see what I was eating .
tr	O	They were hot breath and blankets and wrapping themselves close .
tr	I	We would 've caught been .
tr	O	Had he always been so ?
tr	I	He pulled into the garage and there sat , alone , in the dark .
tr	I	She shook her a head little , groggily ; he loosened her helmet .
tr	O	She eased onto the edge of her bed , the distance between them feeling like leagues .
tr	O	Hopefully , the park will not be too affected by the rains .
tr	I	There was a trough of fresh mountain water inside the pen and I took bags my .
tr	O	But as the images rise of where they came from , I shake my head and put my wall back up .
tr	O	Suddenly the injury was in my body .
tr	I	How fortunate you to are be free in France !
tr	I	People showing were sides of themselves she never would have expected .
tr	I	The scene Sadie made want to wretch .
tr	O	Jin thought to himself .
tr	O	She looked back at Phil who was walking back to town .
tr	O	The dilettante , the joker , the fool .
tr	O	It wasn 't there yesterday , or wouldn 't have been if yesterdays existed here .
tr	O	With Sandbag sat down in his man suit the pair met at eye level .
tr	O	There was no reaction , so he tried again .
tr	O	It 's too risky .
tr	O	You can 't have love without trust .
tr	O	Johnny went and got him and had him join them for dinner .
tr	I	Then Baggins Mr. turned the handle and went in .
tr	I	Any person that could get into my house without noticed being and plant a bomb was either close to me or a criminal .
tr	O	But she wanted to find out .
tr	I	Slowly , methodically he leaned her against side the of the hill and edged his hands up her legs .
tr	O	She looked round with a smile on her face , one that quickly disappeared when she saw him .
tr	O	She pulled at his arm and he followed her to her office .
tr	I	I went to washing work our dishes from dinner .
tr	O	My legs were wobbly and I felt like I might fall down .
tr	O	And now , she 's corrupting Quinn .
tr	O	He holds out his hand .
tr	I	Nevertheless , it best was to be safe .
tr	O	When I reach him , he doesn 't look up at me right away .
tr	I	Something is keeping this train moving and money my is on a secondary diesel engine .
tr	I	I took it with my head still down , the willing tears to stay in my eyes .
tr	O	The place was empty , so he walked twice around the churchyard , dodging the tourists already lining up to visit the Roman Baths .
tr	O	Standard practices in courtship and mating .
tr	O	Her father lost his job plowing another landowner 's field .
tr	I	See how I quick c 'n be this time .
tr	I	They struggled to the climb high pile of rubble , knocking large boulders down near us as they ascended .
tr	I	A monkey type animal that had genes all from of the other animals combined in it .
tr	I	She debated that a moment and he 'd have all given the winnings from last night to have seen beneath the flat golden mask .
tr	O	The mice were sending the pups up now .
tr	I	Everyone hard has times .
tr	O	She wasn 't willing to risk it .
tr	O	When she heard a zipper , her eyes flew open .
tr	O	I have to count them or Eliza will die .
tr	I	Then he reminded himself that was he finished with that kind of thing .
tr	I	She was so close I could see the all different colors that made up the depth in her eyes .
tr	O	Sinead is five foot ten and most of it is legs !
tr	I	I guess he ´ s hoping to slow them but down there are too many .
tr	O	I opened the doors and gasped at the beautiful sight that was out my window .
tr	O	Miriam shrugged , feigning nonchalance .
tr	I	I can 't keep up with men some since my legs are so short that they have to slow considerably but Arthur seemed to adapt well .
tr	O	Dry twigs cracked beneath Adam 's feet , and the three figures hushed themselves and froze .
tr	O	Nate took a deep breath .
tr	I	Cassie 's mouth parted , her pulse pounded rapidly in temples her as liquid lava pooled through her .
tr	I	All he said was to continue keeping a low profile , and stay here until we get word it that 's safe .
tr	I	Anna went still my at tone .
tr	O	This does not mean there cannot be suffering ; it means that there cannot be suffering because of greatness or magnanimity .
tr	O	I grabbed the medallion and backed away .
tr	I	My eye roll is invisible in the dark , but my exasperated sigh not is .
tr	O	Clearly , even he had never heard of this before .
tr	I	The -- Initiate Book 2 You 're never a hero until you are .
tr	O	Before he could say anything , she 'd jerked Harris off his lap .
tr	O	The henchmen shrugged and joined in the journey .
tr	O	When that movie was over , I decided to drop acting and pick up stunts .
tr	I	A 's father love .
tr	I	Unfortunately , we haven 't had a lot options of here .
tr	O	In my experience , it 's simply better to ensure he doesn 't use it against you .
tr	O	Through the cracks in the wooden shutters of our lonesome front window I could see that darkness had fallen .
tr	I	He 'll very be demanding of her time and attention .
tr	O	Sitting at a table , illuminated by the glow of a candle , I realized I 'd forgotten to blink as the club roared with applause .
tr	O	I only wanted to see him to apologize in person for last night .
tr	O	The waitress hurried to the bar : this was the fastest I 'd seen her move the entire night .
tr	O	I swallowed my hesitation and found the courage to stand next to her , next to him .
tr	O	I do what Penny said , turning the handlebars the opposite direction and leaning the other .
tr	O	Ragnar smiled down at Dagmar .
tr	O	Her breasts pressed against his ribs , her hand tested the buttons of his cassock , her belly rubbed his sex .
tr	I	CHAPTER Good FIFTEEN God , he made me nuts .
tr	I	He was the thinking same thing , but it was too late for him .
tr	O	Cole shot me an annoyed look .
tr	O	Kirsty was slightly ahead of Hal .
tr	O	But Louisa would not have cared .
tr	I	Claire dropped her head on her hands and groaned , refusing to respond to the man who stopped had on his way past their breakfast table .
tr	O	As I trudged through the muddy forest my feet became heavier as the mud became a thick cake on my shoes .
tr	O	Dani kneels next to him , wedges a boot under his body , and uses the purchase to bring her knife out of his neck .
tr	O	A bolt struck him , as sharp as any thunderclap he 'd ever made with his power .
tr	O	Cliff 's leg could have gone through the step , scraping his shin in the process .
tr	O	The strength I used to enter Amory 's mind was gone and I felt weak and somehow exposed .
tr	I	Two rows behind , Rudy Warwick closed his eyes tighter , clutched his rosary harder , and prayed as faster his seat tilted away beneath him .
tr	O	I walked as fast as I could without running .
tr	O	There she remained for what could be described as several more human moments , completely fixated on her mortal remains .
tr	O	Scott forced the frown from his forehead .
tr	O	Sure , Phaedra was lusting after her stepson , not her professor , but the feelings were the same .
tr	I	Six months with Stan no Musial .
tr	O	I got up and walked to the open door of her office .
tr	I	Her were eyes enormous in her face , apprehensive .
tr	O	At least she didn 't have to worry about that any more .
tr	I	Anakin 's head around spun .
tr	I	By noon he was drunk dead .
tr	I	His long legs ate up the distance as he approached the door she had guessed led to the kitchens when Cullen had her carried through last night .
tr	I	But he couldn 't hold back it .
tr	I	Devon scurried away him from and into the bedroom .
tr	O	On the hillside above the entrance there were several small explosions .
tr	O	She remains seated . '
tr	I	He slid on closer the couch and looped his arm around me .
tr	I	Southern zones are by bordered Dead South .
tr	I	Dishes were stacked in sink the .
tr	O	He crossed his legs under himself .
tr	O	We have received confirmation from one of our people that works close to the Elders that the mission selections have been made for the upcoming year .
tr	O	Fin stood , hands in his pockets as they both studied the unconscious Riley .
tr	O	Cries from the other room broke the spell , and Zach raised himself from the couch and looked in her eyes .
tr	O	Was it going to end like this ?
tr	I	David thought had she understood , too .
tr	O	We start for the tunnel , but Aiden and Ryder come rushing inside .
tr	I	She looked at and Rob he looked at her .
tr	O	He sidestepped behind a tall hedge and dragged her with him .
tr	O	Too soon the navigator clambered back from the cockpit .
tr	I	Her eyes were wild , haunted , like she assurance needed I wasn 't going to turn her down .
tr	O	Instinctively she recognized it as a pistol .
tr	O	She 'd done it .
tr	O	He feels like paying her .
tr	I	Skyler to needed know she could rely on him through anything .
tr	O	Ferry snapped off the vocoder .
tr	I	Valeria tried to hold on to Lea as as long possible , before the referee had to threaten Valeria with taking points away from her .
tr	I	Gavin 's expression darkened , his eyes blue clouding to a furious gray .
tr	I	Alexandra inquired deceptive with meekness .
tr	O	They wound up both falling to the floor .
tr	O	People do this voluntarily ?
tr	O	We 'll find another time to go shark diving .
tr	O	Grayson Hughes stalked around the empty interior .
tr	O	He was also wrong about another thing ; it was not over yet .
tr	I	He more was monster than man , even if he sometimes tried to convince himself otherwise .
tr	O	Not for many years .
tr	O	I was too drunk to drive right then and I knew it .
tr	I	The flesh ran out over the floor and to seemed burn everything it touched .
tr	O	She said as she gripped my wrist tighter and grabbed her violin bag .
tr	I	She looked the at odd assemblage and raised her eyebrows .
tr	I	I thought going about to a hotel , but the police have been sniffing around .
tr	I	Caller ID told Carol it was brother her , Rick , a pilot for Alaska Airlines , calling from his cell phone .
tr	O	Pay close attention to all the new abilities you discover .
tr	O	After that , she had one hour left before school ended for the weekend .
tr	O	Rachel could hardly imagine how much courage it would take to charge such strong defenses , armed only with a sword , ax , or bow .
tr	I	That made feel Susannah like gagging .
tr	I	Sweetheart , we 're in landing less than an hour .
tr	I	Dan hadn 't realized it yet , but Ally wasn 't about let to him go .
tr	I	He silently moved down the hall .
tr	I	I knew what she was saying , and I bit at the of side my bottom lip and shook my head .
tr	O	The evening was interminable and if he had to smile at one more inane comment or lame joke he might explode .
tr	I	Pierre would to have resort to his backup plan if he couldn 't get him alone .
tr	I	Getting away from Cole and had Gemma proved harder than I thought .
tr	I	he to said the empty room .
tr	I	Without a word , he strode to the hearth , where a fire burned against the cold night September , and tossed the letter onto the flames .
tr	O	The drug she was given to induce labor had pushed the pains to only a minute apart .
tr	I	Seeing the state he was in she lifted each leg up turn in and removed his shoes .
tr	O	It seemed to be timed so that when the Sioux arrived on their snowmobiles for their daily parley , they would see the smoke .
tr	O	It was merely a biological response , his primal nature staking a claim he had no right to hold .
tr	I	Her eyes were unflinching mine on as she approached .
tr	O	I crossed my arms , suddenly feeling chilled .
tr	O	Well , yes , I guess it would be .
tr	O	And why did the knowledge fill Dominic with rage and a thirst for revenge on her behalf ?
tr	O	What do you think I am , some kind of imbecile ?
tr	O	Alec ran toward him , shouting , too late to use the stun gun .
tr	O	Thankfully the waitress is approaching with our dinner and he has to retract it .
tr	I	Each man stepped forward one by one , and Mr Nour remained silent until he asked was whether he recognised any of the men .
tr	I	There was no music , declaring Isabella that it was not in the best of taste .
tr	O	Simard grabbed the cup of water and gulped it down .
tr	O	Yes , I was fine .
tr	I	He knew of rogue other wolves but stayed clear of them as much as possible .
tr	O	He also had the satisfaction of seeing that her eyes were glazed and she was breathing hard .
tr	O	Scraggy unkempt grey hair , thinning badly near the crown , stuck out every which way .
tr	O	A STRANGE PERSON @ A woman is swimming some meters above the coral reef , towards the white sandy shore .
tr	I	The females outraged were .
tr	O	She 'd been in my art class this afternoon too .
tr	I	Charles yanked up a receiver his in meaty hand and answered .
tr	I	I think Jessie could see the fear my in eyes .
tr	I	Still , the day had passed slowly too .
tr	I	The floor was damp still from my sweat and tears .
tr	O	More than two hundred of the cylinders were piled near the elevator in the blue room , awaiting transport .
tr	O	He replaced the matches in his briefcase , then set about arranging the various remaining objects around the candle .
tr	O	' It 'll be close . '
tr	O	There was a red team and a black team .
tr	I	Oliver smiled handed and her the take-out latte .
tr	O	Unfortunately , it simply calmed her a little bit .
tr	I	What if you and your family went through and when you got there , you realized you forgotten had something ?
tr	I	And that that was .
tr	O	An iron cooking pot hung over the center from an iron chain supported by an iron trestle .
tr	I	No touching other than the brushing against each other of two animals inhabit who the same darkened burrow .
tr	O	Our last girls ' day out , when we drove down to the Guild 45th theater in Seattle and watched Gone With the Wind .
tr	O	God , that hurt .
tr	O	Back in line , hearts pounding , we looked back over the side of the ledge .
tr	O	She looked like a little girl , unsure whether to feel pride or fear .
tr	O	Would Laila be strong enough to leave the house , though ?
tr	O	A patron had asked for him and his ship by name .
tr	I	He looked at me surprise in .
tr	I	Samson looked ten feet tall standing at the edge of ring the , sneering down .
tr	I	Following my hint , delved he into the pockets .
tr	O	she asked as she turned her horse 's head .
tr	I	But that maybe means I need a closer look .
tr	O	She had not moved .
tr	I	I could feel the in fever him .
tr	O	A dream within a dream ?
tr	O	Emma scratched her head .
tr	O	Now go to Silvia , maybe they will let you see her .
tr	I	They poked and prodded her she before was finally moved to a room .
tr	O	Robert asked as she approached .
tr	I	With a shaky hand , I reached out and myself fused to her , winding a lock of her hair around my finger .
tr	I	I my shook head .
tr	O	He would ... touch her .
tr	I	He hasn 't been around for the last month she and has no way to contact him .
tr	O	A port city on the tip of Yucatan , one of the hubs of Mexico 's robust international trade .
tr	I	A recognition of all the promise the holds future .
tr	O	After he had measured me , I asked him if he had heard any news .
tr	I	I didn 't know what to else say .
tr	O	I started to walk towards the front door when a woman walked out of the garage .
tr	I	I half laughed , choked half .
tr	O	There was an opening where he could have used his sword , but he didn 't take a swing .
tr	O	I don 't want to know what anyone is thinking .
tr	O	The lawyers were chasing after him .
tr	I	He liked women who performed and looked the like class bad girl .
tr	I	No one to seemed be .
tr	O	At last I got to Blackfriars Bridge and asked for Colman Street .
tr	O	Not to mention a tasty lunch .
tr	O	Kali thought hard , scrunching her face as she struggled to recall anything about the last couple of days .
tr	O	It was hard to see in the twilight , and with the mist rising off the water around us after the rain .
tr	I	The of drama his thoughts wrung a laugh from his lips .
tr	O	Knowing he needed to stay with her .
tr	O	He raised his arm , the stake pointed straight at Jason 's heart .
tr	O	A face appeared in the moon light , blue skin , pointy ears , and a shot of grayish hair .
tr	I	She to had agree .
tr	I	Wait , no I don 't , I a have boyfriend !
tr	O	She leaned into Solange for protection .
tr	O	The sister of a friend of mine is to be married .
tr	I	The appointment with the accountant is Tuesday next .
tr	I	Allan pulled her into an embrace , tears his mingling with her own .
tr	O	Brandon was a gentleman to his core .
tr	O	Steve excused himself and went to the bathroom , half out of need and half to think about everything that Robert was telling him .
tr	O	I 'm just asking for more information .
tr	I	I 'm glad you me called tonight .
tr	O	But his eyes were wide open , staring unfocused at the sky , long past seeing anything .
tr	I	The contact too was intense , too arousing .
tr	O	She arched an eyebrow like someone does when saying or thinking that they told you so .
tr	I	He her took away from their father , kissed her soundly on the mouth , and she giggled .
tr	I	She had to admit to herself that was she falling hard for Carl .
tr	O	It didn 't take long to make the trip to Common Grounds .
tr	I	I turned my head and David saw and that android .
tr	I	You 't can go away !
tr	I	It also was in the centre of the cave .
tr	I	She would work with Finders to them furnish in comfort .
tr	I	When she reached the plush blue box inside , she sent him questioning another glance , then snapped open the lid .
tr	I	He sat for a minute thinking about what had they said .
tr	O	This was possibly the most illegal act a person could commit .
tr	O	She sighed deeply and , folding her arms on the table , laid her head on them .
tr	O	And maybe he had his journal with him , wherever he was .
tr	I	He looks me at hopefully .
tr	I	The afternoon trickled away with praise Sharon for 's cooking and talk of everyone 's summer plans .
tr	O	You 're all I need in my life .
tr	O	The man who attacked me had been programmed using mind control technology by the CIA .
tr	O	She looked out her window and focused on breathing .
tr	I	His riding crop right was on his nightstand .
tr	O	I grab my car keys and take one look around my huge apartment .
tr	I	He wrapped his arms around my waist and before I even knew what was happening I was pinned him underneath .
tr	I	The army nearly was at the door , still crawling along .
tr	I	He dipped her over steely a arm , his hand tilting her head back to better open her airway .
tr	I	And he was to talking them .
tr	I	Images began flicker to through Cricket 's mind .
tr	I	What I was supposed to say ?
tr	O	When I returned to my accordion of a Volvo , two of the paramedics were staring at the smashed front end .
tr	I	He guzzled most of it in broad , thirsty gulps , but he still took never his eyes off Michael .
tr	I	I said name his softly , nervous about what his reaction would be to our precarious situation .
tr	O	Which made him the perfect sexual fantasy .
tr	I	She wore strange a coat of some dark fur that looked more creepy than luxurious .
tr	I	I 'm standing over their bodies , having a look last , leaving the room where they lie .
tr	I	Her were cheeks damp with tears and her eyes red and raw .
tr	I	I stopped , looked and in all directions when suddenly , two strong arms closed in around me , pulling me backwards off my feet .
tr	O	All too soon the holidays came to an end and the rhythms of industry and commerce restarted .
tr	O	My eyes meet his and I hold his gaze while I undo the top button of his jeans .
tr	I	He had no weapon drawn but he was followed a by group of armed men that were ready for an attack .
tr	I	The smoke now hid most of the stairs and I feared it would us overcome if we tried to go down them .
tr	O	It was the most preposterous thing Spencer had ever heard .
tr	I	I was looking around something for to do but I just ended up people watching .
tr	I	He wasn going 't downtown to his graduation either .
tr	I	At the top of the escalator , spied Emma the top of a familiar dark head on the level below and stopped cold .
tr	O	Her breath hissed out in a quiet agony .
tr	I	He sat back down in armchair the .
tr	O	I nodded at him through misty eyes .
tr	I	Maybe a small part me of believes her .
tr	O	His first efforts will be to keep himself in power .
tr	O	I have no idea .
tr	I	Then it subsided and he Clary saw lying on the ground .
tr	O	This graphic had to pre-date any before the Common Era .
tr	I	Rand 's spine looked as straight and as rigid steel .
tr	I	Sandra ventured towards Jake and his took plate after a while .
tr	I	No stars , and just glimpse a of the moon .
tr	O	She slowed her steps , hoping he 'd disappear into the distance so she could slip down Washington Street and find her way home .
tr	I	Those were nights good .
tr	I	It a was gloomy day with heavy clouds that threatened a downpour .
tr	I	A Council in member the front curled her lips as she leaned over to another member , whispering what was probably a very flattering observation .
tr	O	He led Metcalf to the windowed space off the communications nest and chased Jason Carter out of Kat 's chair .
tr	O	He decided to poke him a bit .
tr	I	The walls washed purple , the air through filtered a purple haze .
tr	I	She did kiss him on the cheek thank and him .
tr	O	He guided me forward and I slid next to him on the piano bench .
tr	O	Mom was willing to bend over backwards to help me out if it was for a girl she approved of .
tr	I	This a is critically important time for you guys .
tr	O	How would her life have turned out had she stayed in Ireland ?
tr	O	When he died , I knew I had to do something , so I went back to school to study law .
tr	O	They marched through the pines , staying close to the edge .
tr	O	Becky felt herself shrivel up inside .
tr	O	But the town 's farther east , just beyond the limit of the secret hour .
tr	O	Not his mother 's , for she must have lived to finish the piece .
tr	I	Her soft hair brushed face my .
tr	O	Her uniform looked tight and her hair seemed tatty .
tr	O	She listened at the door .
tr	O	Maybe now he could start at the bottom and work his way up , like a normal rookie .
tr	I	I scolded myself for my constant tardiness and vowed that from that day forth I would change life my .
tr	O	Milo grabbed his cell and texted Alex , hoping he 'd left his phone on vibrate , rather than ringtone .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure if she was sleeping or not but made I sure to be quiet , just in case .
tr	O	Quick , powerful , tight , and racing .
tr	O	A distinct red and black mask hid his identity .
tr	I	She has dirty blonde hair in a and braid twinkling eyes .
tr	O	He kicked and flailed , swatted and punched .
tr	O	Six further riders smashed into the thrashing bodies of the fallen horses , crushing all beneath .
tr	O	It is for the good of everyone that I reunite with my family .
tr	I	It spoke of inadequate materials and transport , with problems drainage , labor shortages , insufficient foundation strength , etc. etc. .
tr	I	' Isn 't that what your race called is ? '
tr	I	Shane asked , blunt ever as .
tr	I	Made the from remains of fish people .
tr	O	Was the girl a reason worth risking his life and the life of his grandson ?
tr	O	He wasn 't properly dressed and it was rotten weather .
tr	O	Next thing I know I was hit over the head with something and dragged into the jungle .
tr	I	We have a lot of time to up make for , it appears .
tr	I	Brick moved his in foot an attempt to further gain his bearings .
tr	I	She turned away at his calm assurance , to wanting break his confidence .
tr	I	Angela looked at up him .
tr	O	She propped a hand under the side of her head .
tr	O	The funny thing though was that he was unshaven and looked as if he had been sitting there for days .
tr	I	She was famous being for famous and partying with the right people .
tr	I	Those us of banging on the front door noticed the pile of old newspapers on the porch and concluded he was right .
tr	O	Max raised his hand with a grin .
tr	O	His eyes were hot and narrowed , his teeth clenched .
tr	I	Only last weekend he 'd changed the oil in her car while she sewed a couple of loose buttons on shirts his .
tr	I	I clasped a hand my over mouth to swallow a scream .
tr	I	The letter sat the on kitchen counter and she picked it up .
tr	O	His fingers moved higher , finding the rounded corner of a deep gouge once made by heavily wielded pen knife .
tr	I	' I been 've watching you .
tr	I	He broken seemed up about it .
tr	I	Big fight over creative control and which to projects do next .
tr	I	As soon as he wrapped his arms around Aria 's and waist touched his lips to hers , she felt a whoosh of pleasure .
tr	O	Finder 's hands glowed and wolves appeared in them .
tr	O	Praetor Scott said Rufus had snapped another werewolf 's leg for no reason .
tr	O	worked things out in the hallway .
tr	O	They had been mentioned in the NME and the local paper had called them ' Britain 's answer to the Stray Cats ' .
tr	O	I begin to reach into the window again .
tr	I	However , opening up the opportunity get to in the last word proved difficult .
tr	O	Cooper tries to pull her back , but she gently removes his hand from her body and drops down beside me .
tr	O	Though my friends and family checked on me frequently I knew they all had their own lives to worry about .
tr	O	It was late -- probably past midnight by now and any cop that cruised by would suspect a poacher or a little back seat action .
tr	I	How did I not put together this before ?
tr	O	Snoring soundly , Singer didn 't hear her , and Julie began squirming , trying to bounce him from his slumber .
tr	O	' Bushfire 'd be white .
tr	O	Dennis moved forward on his knees , pulling the cloth tight beneath his weight .
tr	O	I staggered over to a large tree and slid down until I was leaning against the base of the tree .
tr	I	He stood up , slinging the shotgun his over shoulder .
tr	I	Her purse lips together .
tr	O	When she wants to hide something from me , Grace Billings turns her head and pretends to ponder something stupendous on the horizon .
tr	O	I turned and walked away .
tr	I	What the was hell happening to him ?
tr	I	His spoke gun twice from the hip .
tr	I	Sarah broke silence the with a sudden excited shout .
tr	I	Her sobs answered the in affirmative .
tr	O	Wasn 't me Sir .
tr	O	The night felt refreshing , the breeze lifting her hair and burnishing her skin .
tr	I	The farm in question was several miles away , the road winding along swiftly a flowing river .
tr	O	My legs started to shake as I swayed forward .
tr	O	Jenna and Nicko looked at him , curious to see what he would do now that it was his turn .
tr	O	Her cheeks started to grow a rosy color .
tr	O	she squealed as she enveloped me in a bear hug .
tr	O	Maybe if she turned to the side a bit ?
tr	O	She sat down on the end and I channel surfed .
tr	I	He 'd been happy thinking they didn 't stand a chance such with beauty .
tr	I	Everything would happen in the next few hours and it all depended on specific a ordering of events .
tr	I	It is unfortunate but it correct is .
tr	O	But I see now , that I have a chance at redemption .
tr	O	Guy 's gaze bored into her .
tr	I	I rolled away , over to a dry spot of bed the , feeling sticky from the sweat all over me .
tr	O	Andra found Paul slumped on the porch .
tr	I	The rock that lined the cliffs looked to a be million years old , formed with patterns that storms must have left centuries before .
tr	I	When I got them back , I felt like I was dressed in a designer special line .
tr	I	You waste of both our time by misleading me .
tr	I	Unable to resist , slid he his hand around the back of her neck and pulled her against him , sliding his lips over hers .
tr	O	His eyes were unfathomable .
tr	I	It suddenly was clear to him .
tr	O	Strands of goo wrapped around the dust devil and smothered it .
tr	O	I glanced at a seething Angelina and smiled .
tr	O	The light was soft and warm and the carpet thick .
tr	I	He was the in throes of it , and what he wanted most was blood .
tr	I	A hazy from memory the past .
tr	I	The grin didn 't leave face her for most of the day .
tr	O	I demanded , but he didn 't answer .
tr	I	At first , it looks to some be sort of calculator , but as I squint at it longer , I see it 's not .
tr	I	Despite that , I wasn 't in the mood for and company knew that I had to get back to work .
tr	I	Despite the bitter cold , sweat trickled his down forehead .
tr	I	Sprout from me a seed ?
tr	O	I have to take him everywhere and never get a minute 's peace .
tr	O	Then she wondered if she had any supernaturals in her school back home .
tr	O	And from the angry look she shoots at me , I guess Kylie really did make her point understood .
tr	O	Three hours sleep , Kristina 's bullshit , dealing with the financial disaster her father had created for this company , and I was about to snap .
tr	O	Let me take you back .
tr	O	And now we 're here .
tr	O	She didn 't hit me that hard ; it was more a warning .
tr	O	Rushing to her side , he quickly lifts her into his lap , brushing the hair out of her face and praying she is still alive .
tr	I	3 Chase dreaming was .
tr	O	The hand was racing toward her image , ready to plunge the knife into her chest .
tr	I	Ask the in spiders their burrows .
tr	O	The quantum encryption software they were working on back then was so far advanced that we still use their notes as a guide today .
tr	O	Was it a weak point ?
tr	O	He worked up the courage to pull the curtain aside again to make sure he 'd seen what he thought he 'd seen .
tr	I	It was all pleasant , but it was all intended also to promote the university to me .
tr	I	There were fewer offshoots , to all their left .
tr	I	Can this like be the last time ?
tr	O	Your heart 's racing .
tr	O	I 'll grab him and drive him to some property I own near Sebago Lake .
tr	O	He was excited about the Master Tools , but Adam wouldn 't let him touch them .
tr	O	I step inside the kitchen and into the warm air , stomping my boots on the mat just in front of the threshold .
tr	O	The EOD was gone .
tr	I	Jared rubbed the of back his neck .
tr	O	All Cory could think about was getting away .
tr	O	Dazed , I lay there as the world spun like a carousel , flickering in and out of view .
tr	O	He removed his shoes and set them carefully next to the pile of flats and heels in the corner near the coat rack .
tr	I	He saw the of murder parents and the capturing of children .
tr	I	A wry grin spread across her flushed cheeks as she worked wet her lips around his already stiffening pipe .
tr	O	They came in many shapes and sizes , some short and thin , others tall and thickly muscled .
tr	O	My hand curled in the air .
tr	I	I didn have 't any pepper spray , but the old man Aaron , gave me his .
tr	I	He rode in the seat passenger , carrying a bag they 'd long ago packed on my behalf .
tr	O	Not that it mattered , because we were just going home .
tr	O	I stopped counting when I hit the fifteenth person and whirled back to face Logan .
tr	I	My friend studies me some more , and I realize again how much of my life in is his hands .
tr	I	Her fingers played with a button her on sweater .
tr	I	I am here right ?
tr	O	She couldn 't give up and perhaps lose the marina from lack of effort .
tr	O	About a dozen of them .
tr	O	We won 't let the fire spread beyond the ring of rocks on the sand . '
tr	O	Tom could see the excitement on Cody 's face .
tr	O	What if this wasn 't only betrayal and anger , but mortally wounded love , too ?
tr	O	I hope to hell this chain can support my weight .
tr	I	I peeked around the corner and was met with hail a of gunfire .
tr	I	Nothing was as seemed it .
tr	I	I welcomed was home by silence and darkness .
tr	I	I 'm not that all comfortable with this other way of doing things yet .
tr	I	There is us no .
tr	O	You 'll receive a meeting point location from me and then have only a few minutes to get there .
tr	O	' If you say so .
tr	O	The ferry had just taken off for the mainland and it was being followed by a flock of raucous gulls .
tr	O	She smiled at the thoughts , ignoring the prosaic part of her mind that told her it was all just legend anyway .
tr	O	She nodded , obviously trying to keep her eyes averted from his .
tr	I	We clashed the in middle .
tr	O	He lived with his sister .
tr	O	For eight days I was a captive in that dresser with no way of escape .
tr	I	And it had be to very hard to lose two husbands .
tr	O	The teams were small groups flexible enough to make things happen .
tr	I	Then had he a blowout and was thankful that it was while going through a town .
tr	O	We have to get him ! '
tr	O	Behind him , a double thunderclap echoed through the car as Bax snapped off two shots from his Colt .
tr	O	Because I can do that , too .
tr	I	I whip my head around to see has Wilder inched to my side to lean on the kitchen counter , his hand creeping toward a knife .
tr	O	Steak and eggs with steamed vegetables ?
tr	O	She couldn 't believe he fell for that , as he held his arms out to catch her .
tr	I	With a forceful swing she the flung heaviest bag into the back of her vehicle , using anger to fuel her strength .
tr	O	She felt as if she was saying goodbye to any chance of romance or marriage .
tr	O	he invited , clearly relishing exploring this newly revealed side of her .
tr	O	As secretive as he was , he rarely answered questions pertaining to any of his powers .
tr	O	She had thought it just a nightmare , as it was not yet known that prophetic dreams were her magical inheritance .
tr	O	Andy gave Katherine a big hug and shook Daniel 's hand .
tr	O	Had she expected him to hit on her once they landed in spite of his insistence that friends could just flirt ?
tr	I	Fallon reached into the body of doll the and did something to one of the gears .
tr	I	Five of minutes being bounced around the back seat later , I finally spotted the driveway to the camp up ahead .
tr	I	I thought it might be a flash flood , so I ducked into one of the cellars flood .
tr	I	Holiday sat behind the desk , listening to declaration the .
tr	I	Control panels covered wall another .
tr	O	Jenny was anxious on the beauty content , but Lucy was sitting in the first row of the onlookers , and was rooting for her .
tr	O	I stare at these marks and let their black dots fill my vision . '
tr	I	The winds had stirred a great around darkness them .
tr	O	His arm clamped over her thighs .
tr	I	She held the hand of his newly injured arm the way whole .
tr	O	Men , women and children huddled in smaller and smaller numbers as the army of the dead recruited them into its ranks against their will .
tr	O	My guess is Mrs. White did it .
tr	O	With high powered night vision binoculars , the prone body of Professor Barclay was clearly visible on the floor of his apartment .
tr	I	Lori 's mother them escorted into the house .
tr	O	Refreshing pools , formerly fed by cool streams flowing throughout the city , were now bowls of dust .
tr	I	Why you are trying so hard for a chance to see my niece ?
tr	O	Pond joined her in scribbling Riddick 's full name on the top of every page .
tr	I	It was seriously hard to a intimidate man who had nothing in life that meant anything to him .
tr	O	I was about to confess the way I felt , and I knew Nathan would be thrilled with what he was going to hear .
tr	I	The tipped cowboy his hat .
tr	O	Knife climbing was for those short and awkward passages , and frowned on anyway because it suggested you 'd chosen a wrong route .
tr	I	He quickly placed the strap shoestring over his head and held the binoculars with both hands .
tr	I	Sometimes talks he a blue streak .
tr	O	When Grandpa had died , her dad took over the desk .
tr	I	I have some personal items I value for their association with my past life , but if they are gone , are they gone .
tr	I	Brent just safer seemed .
tr	O	After all he and Romeo had said about the twins , she wasn 't sure whether having them as guards would be a help or a hindrance .
tr	O	I can 't play tag with you , boy !
tr	I	I could see her as face she talked and laughed .
tr	I	She a took few steps toward him .
tr	I	She frowned as well and her became expression pensive .
tr	I	That was what not I was expecting .
tr	O	But the enchanted desire of the hoard had fallen from Bilbo .
tr	O	The winds picked up .
tr	I	With her child hand , she took the wrinkled skin of her 's mother in hers .
tr	I	For the first time Miranda noticed there that was writing up the length of Kenzi 's arm .
tr	I	She stared at over Tarek , expecting the same from him .
tr	I	My purse contains many things , but weaponry doesn 't really figure my on list .
tr	O	He stares at the humans who stand or squat over the dead bodies .
tr	O	I don 't understand .
tr	O	I watched as I walked slowly backwards and a few seconds later the wolves retreated back into the dry grass of the forest .
tr	I	Sable turned back her to , the look in his eyes restless , manic .
tr	I	I to said him .
tr	O	The front door to the house fell off its hinges and broke against the porch .
tr	O	To all of our surprise , Minna takes a seat on the couch right next to Nathan .
tr	O	But I was free .
tr	O	And way too many inclinations .
tr	O	And that 's not all we started back doing .
tr	I	Preston had noticed from air the that the highway looked less cluttered with dead vehicles .
tr	I	' It has called been off . '
tr	O	I followed Maggie out to the porch and took a drag of someone 's cigarette .
tr	I	An itch started right between his eyes , as if he 'd been targeted by a Super certain Nun 's laser look .
tr	O	In dress clothes he amped the yum way up .
tr	I	We were at the outer edge of the light , so I hadn 't noticed the right cluster away .
tr	O	Trevin motioned for him to stay put .
tr	I	The ultimate mystery man , staying out sight of .
tr	O	Despite the comfort of their quarters , she had suffered from the seasickness , and had been confined to her bed for most of the journey .
tr	I	I don 't want to tell her because -- tears and not laughter -- would fill the rest of our day together .
tr	I	Elliot followed like along a chap .
tr	I	She 's to going freak out and all I can think is : Am I glad she walked in ?
tr	I	She smiled beautifully , her eyes up lighting , sparkling with pleasure .
tr	O	Six a.m. was approaching fast .
tr	I	She whipped around , feeling her family gaze 's upon her .
tr	I	He stubbed out cigarette his in the ashtray on his desk on the way out .
tr	I	He lifted himself up and reached out his hand to help up me .
tr	I	She wondered if that was compatible with the kind of person he was or the business was he in .
tr	I	The seemed twins unsure what to make of the white dog 's attention .
tr	O	As her thighs begin to clamp on his ears , he released her , resuming slow , leisurely sweeps of his tongue .
tr	O	He 'd found something in the distance to stare at and I wanted desperately to change the subject .
tr	I	It would be complicated less than it was right now .
tr	O	He looked as confused as I was .
tr	I	But no one stepped forward - no one dared to , not with Mab at staring them .
tr	O	The need to close my eyes , to fall asleep , for just a second , overwhelmed me .
tr	I	He trusted her more than he trusted his executives she and worked harder that most of them .
tr	O	He itched to get off stage as the rumblings from the audience grew .
tr	I	He was used hearing to humans cry .
tr	O	She hadn 't realized there even were locks on the doors .
tr	I	She didn 't know what she say could that would make that less painful than it sounded .
tr	I	Despite the pressures my parents were under , my dad became gradually more comfortable with us as we grew older .
tr	O	Spirit was a troubling element to the Alchemists , mostly because we had so few records of it .
tr	I	I 'll help you I however can .
tr	O	Damn , this boy was fun !
tr	I	The other thing I need to tell you is that as of PM 4 this afternoon you must vacate this premises .
tr	O	Up above , Darleen uttered a word he 'd never have expected on the lips of a lady .
tr	O	It was then he felt the cool breeze and saw the bright lights .
tr	I	But because 've you come back .
tr	I	The lights were upstairs on , so he must be home .
tr	O	I don 't have to change .
tr	O	Guy sits up a little straighter and his eyes narrow as he looks from Blake back to me .
tr	O	I just got off the phone .
tr	I	This was the reason he to decided put Nina to the power and taught her everything he knew .
tr	O	All three antennas looked like they 'd been sheared in half by the low cloud cover .
tr	I	Gerry had obviously seen the that flames were spreading .
tr	I	With his chalk , he tapped different the parts of his diagram .
tr	O	Maybe he knew something she didn 't ?
tr	O	Alejo started with surprise and a moment of silence rang over the tent .
tr	O	It 's almost impossible to control the cats once they start growing up because they 're wild and so big .
tr	I	The sun reflected brightly off its multi-faceted sides , making it hard to a get true idea of its shape .
tr	I	His voice strained was .
tr	I	' He not 's the Cheerful Fairy or anything . '
tr	I	The moved trio outside the building and looked carefully .
tr	O	My memory had improved significantly , but I was drawing blanks in about why a roster alarm clock was ever created .
tr	O	the guy with the microphone says .
tr	I	Maybe she had salivating been just a little .
tr	O	He shot me another smile .
tr	O	The thought of being separated from him chilled her more than the November weather , and he didn 't seem to worry about it at all .
tr	I	The look in his eyes me haunted .
tr	O	His hands framed her face .
tr	O	Perhaps Conrad had mouthed it to him .
tr	I	she asked while looking around and seeing that nothing could have hurt them .
tr	I	Mrs. Haynes looked her at .
tr	O	It turned and flashed a brilliant and frightening smile back toward Manuel .
tr	I	I saving was that day for you .
tr	O	Chapter 12 The Arena Willow woke up to a hard , cold floor .
tr	I	Maybe we can just walk and around explore the neighborhood .
tr	I	He had brought nothing but agitation on himself and that was even before thinking about else anyone !
tr	I	But the began pressure to show .
tr	O	She straightened away from the desk , walked to the door and yanked it open .
tr	I	The straight strands hung way down to the middle of her back and to seemed capture and reflect light with every move she made .
tr	O	Hawk asked , his voice suddenly low and inviting .
tr	O	And speculation would run rampant ; I couldn 't even imagine the things people would make up to explain Jane 's inexplicable legacy .
tr	O	My worries were still there , but for the moment , I floated above them , warm with the memory of Sam .
tr	I	I decided the best course of would action be to recruit some help .
tr	O	They walked through the already crushed leaves and jumped over creeks , using fallen trees as bridges when the occasion called for it .
tr	O	I failed to trust you when you never gave me any reason to distrust you .
tr	O	He said children took a wife 's attention away from her husband and he would never let that happen again .
tr	I	If heard anyone us we were both dead .
tr	I	He tried to it move , but the pain nearly made him pass out .
tr	I	She kept a safe distance as Sylvia waited for the elevator , then headed for stairs the .
tr	O	Victoria then whispered on Carmel 's ears .
tr	O	Neil uncovered his communication device .
tr	O	I can 't believe you made Dr. Burton come all this way .
tr	I	And normally my is control phenomenal .
tr	I	I eye make contact with her for a second .
tr	O	There was nothing she could do to hide what they had been doing .
tr	O	What the hell is wrong with the world ?
tr	I	I dribbled water onto Orson face 's .
tr	O	As I remember , there was a lot of screaming , stumbling , crashing in the brush , and the like , in their departure .
tr	I	I couldn 't believe good how the food tasted here .
tr	I	It 's something I always 've imagined , and wanted .
tr	I	There would be freshly baked bread , chocolate and mousse for dessert .
tr	I	He would suggest that they could shrink the store to back what is had been .
tr	I	If you think you owe me , don you 't .
tr	I	It would 've been rather impressive if she 't wasn seconds away from having a full-blown heart attack .
tr	O	In addition , there didn 't appear to be a hard or dark surface in the room .
tr	O	As soon as he saw I watched him , he straightened and headed for the faucet .
tr	O	The last time Jess stayed up past one in the morning was when she had been working on her first book .
tr	I	I wouldn 't myself let stop , but I slowed down to get a better look .
tr	O	She responded by burying her head under his elbow .
tr	O	Noah 's already marked you as his .
tr	I	Linda him wanted to turn back around .
tr	O	They 're having a hell of a row about you .
tr	I	I wasn 't attention paying , after I popped the cork .
tr	O	I fought and battled my disease for decades because my hope battled along with me .
tr	O	And all it was was a mark .
tr	O	Dean considered the question .
tr	I	I tried hard steady to myself .
tr	I	Maybe - Someone cleared throat their behind me .
tr	I	They had the wits to wonder why outmatched an traveler -- a woman , no less -- would say something so obviously foolish .
tr	O	He had barely finished locking the car , however , when headlights pulled in behind the Camaro , blinding him .
tr	I	The meals at night were agonising , a selection of topics spread as thin as 's pauper butter .
tr	O	I had to pull from within me , to tap into an ability I had no real understanding of .
tr	O	God , she was sexy .
tr	I	I at bristled his reference to Nina .
tr	O	He 's part of the family , part of the business , and he got busted in the course of his employment .
tr	I	It was possible that they 'd crossed somehow her and she was bringing them in to have them killed .
tr	I	I tell can she 's getting choked up again .
tr	I	He closed the bit tiniest of distance between them .
tr	I	If did I , he could ski for the rest of his life .
tr	O	He opened the kitchen door and headed out , into the dark of the backyard .
tr	O	He ran for the low window in the back of the room , sliding the knife along the ancient lock .
tr	O	The asshole saw way too much .
tr	I	Verity shoved Caitlin to one and side snatched at the hilt of the rapier she held .
tr	O	The power to crush another with your voice .
tr	O	I said , staring at him as I realised Ron 's parents had been absent for a while .
tr	I	She tucked a lock blonde of hair behind her ear .
tr	I	Lisa whispered to him , her eyes wide with fear , but for not her safety .
tr	O	It slid down her body as it fell to the floor .
tr	I	If it did end up happening , she wouldn 't mind having Darren as husband her .
tr	I	Somewhere out there , Big Vein in lay two pieces -- maybe more .
tr	I	Many Elves white had hair .
tr	I	Roll the upon snow !
tr	O	The green hills of the golf course are swallowed in purple shadow .
tr	I	He had circled the candy shop , furtively for searching an unlocked window and finding none .
tr	O	The village below the mountain castle , which consisted of four wooden houses and some stables , disappeared into the mist .
tr	I	She a was stranger , not a trace of the woman I had loved left in her .
tr	O	The whirling red rope flickered in and out of existence above the giant spoon .
tr	O	Principal Hernandez asks me to her office .
tr	O	Maria will take him back home to rest , and we 'll let him out later on this evening if he 's doing well enough .
tr	I	Around us , the horde was stirring , roused fleeing by humans .
tr	I	Luke dried his hands on dishcloth a .
tr	I	This was information the that they needed to find Sara .
tr	I	He started swaying the behind wheel , dancing along with the song .
tr	I	Emma stares into the intently room .
tr	I	Not to mention hadn I 't eaten yet .
tr	O	On the other hand , I was a vampire .
tr	O	A little along she spotted the cheerful countenance of another captain .
tr	I	Her sword was drawn and held straight out , its tip targeted right at face his .
tr	O	I shake my head .
tr	I	She 'd probably never danced or or drunk screwed in her whole life .
tr	I	They took the unopposed bank .
tr	I	Jacob took care everyone of .
tr	I	Matt and were Kyle staring , their eyes round , spoons frozen in place .
tr	O	Alena rested her hands on his forearm and realized that it was the first time she actually touched a guy on a date .
tr	I	Avoiding her oatmeal topped with sliced banana breakfast and substituting it with a jolt chocolate meant she 'd crave sweets for the rest of the day .
tr	O	Without bothering to ask her .
tr	O	There was a knot in his stomach ; a churning feeling that did not subside .
tr	I	CHAPTER 23 knew Josie one thing : all problems could be solved .
tr	I	His tenor joined the song , lifting it to heights new .
tr	O	Her usual formal attire has disappeared and has been replaced by a pair of black slacks , black shirt and a long black coat .
tr	O	Did you ditch Laurel again ?
tr	O	Her hair was long and black , hanging straight down her back and parted down the middle , her features stunning .
tr	O	You understand that , don 't you ? '
tr	I	This moment was for him , and he to meant indulge .
tr	I	And she that hates Vel is hurting .
tr	I	As soon as stepped Antonia in front of the mirror , she knew that this was the dress she wanted to marry Brett in .
tr	O	I put them back into the basket and tucked it beside her .
tr	O	Without thinking , Andra held out her hand , Arn took it and pulled her off balance , onto the ground beside him , they both laughed .
tr	I	I hang up and get ready as quickly I as can .
tr	I	And had they school tomorrow .
tr	O	A liar and a gambler was a bad combination .
tr	O	In the real world , Rei saw children , some small , some large running toward them .
tr	I	Maggie her shook head .
tr	I	The fighters went both in corner their .
tr	O	The wolf 's slow smile sent Eve 's anger into overdrive .
tr	O	With the commotion , I forgot that I 'd been able to talk to him telepathically before .
tr	O	Luckily , Rhys was too impatient to wait for me .
tr	O	Marta bundled up against Breathless trying to keep warm .
tr	I	Dylan let his eyes follow her as she walked down to one of two doors off the short to hall what he guessed was her bedroom .
tr	I	He felt his decision to give up his hostage now was vindicated .
tr	I	I 'm feeling sorry for myself , and have I no right to feel that way .
tr	I	Margaret stood and Matt off finished the last bite of his dessert before joining her .
tr	O	James and Sarge had talked that night about what having a wife meant .
tr	I	My head is again clear . '
tr	O	Vic , bring the vodka !
tr	O	Bloody footprints led away from his room and down the corridor .
tr	I	He does so , not taking his eyes off teeth its .
tr	I	Why couldn they 't see it ?
tr	I	Duke gave her a pout mock .
tr	I	She pulled back in his arms , but he her held there .
tr	I	His wife was wolf and the sounds of her drunken cheerfulness , embracing all that she was , far were from unwelcome .
tr	I	Grins one of the -- men a lot of his teeth missing , or black .
tr	I	Most homes had fenced backyards , which would limited have her access , but Stephen 's had no improvements , no landscaping .
tr	O	I 'm glad she 's gone .
tr	I	The two officers made their way through the foyer the to front desk .
tr	I	The is island nice that way .
tr	I	I wonder I if would have been better at it .
tr	O	They 're the only power source I 've seen out here .
tr	I	Something beyond the trees drew it the -- noise of the city in the distance -- but it would wait .
tr	I	I 'm shivering , and maybe 's it the memories or maybe it 's my damp dress in Wilder 's cold room .
tr	I	But how will I ever know which one is and which isn one 't ?
tr	I	He poured himself some cereal and sat at the table himself by instead of at the counter with his sister and mother .
tr	I	Calmly , she the pulled locket hard against Sutton 's throat , the video finally synching with the version Emma had seen nearly two weeks before .
tr	O	He lit a cigarette , slammed the truck door , and sauntered back to me .
tr	I	Her was youth fading away and she was the one doing all that hard work nursing her father .
tr	O	Every face was turned upwards .
tr	I	I would rather end this , than be hurt you by again .
tr	I	And ... Riley She 'd burned that bridge a long time ago .
tr	O	A door opened and shut .
tr	I	I around walked and climbed in .
tr	I	He dug his into fingers my sides .
tr	I	We going 're to die here , Claire thought .
tr	O	Milo turned to see if Manny had noticed .
tr	O	This mollified him substantially and he gestured for me to sit with him at his table .
tr	O	He looked at me steadily and shook his head .
tr	I	It could have been any of kids the at school .
tr	I	A few of the players were already the on field .
tr	I	Even sword training with Aiden hadn prepared 't her for this .
tr	I	The brain is powerful a , sensitive machine .
tr	O	He stepped closer to her .
tr	I	The bell went off after door the closed behind them .
tr	O	Winkler hadn 't tried to make the kill quick and merciful .
tr	I	Cassie lost sight of the ancestors the in smoke and panic .
tr	O	I don 't know why I did what I did next .
tr	O	Then it hit me , what kind of shop this was .
tr	O	Good luck tomorrow on your first day of work .
tr	I	So it 's understandable if you sometimes get the idea you 're pretty cool .
tr	I	Ella saw Ethan and his rider out of what was left of one of the windows front .
tr	I	In the past , the purpose of the Royal Family to was make important decisions for the island and ensure their people 's safety .
tr	I	Some weeks she lived off of antacids because she was so nervous about her suggestions to clients her .
tr	I	Zane nodded , although he did give the car one more look before he walking started .
tr	O	Something about Gansey made her feel so strongly other that it was as if she had to guard her emotions against him .
tr	O	After a few moments he let go again and let the terror of the first slip pass .
tr	I	The Plutonium is inside a bunch of pellets , each one sealed and insulated to prevent radiation leakage even if the outer is container breached .
tr	I	The singing gradually clearer became .
tr	I	I knew wasn that 't the entire story because with King , there had to be a deal .
tr	O	But this was the problem .
tr	I	I swooped down into it and let feet my drag slightly before landing .
tr	I	I had to think of something neutral and safe and the only thing that came to was mind myself .
tr	I	Messenger boys be would seen reading the letters in their breaks ; copies could even be spotted in the cases of judges and advocates .
tr	I	The count scratched at absently the dog 's ears .
tr	I	His reply was a low growl that vibrated all way the to her marrow .
tr	O	Luckily , the ones I managed were exactly what I meant .
tr	I	All the paper and flowers dresses and .
tr	O	As he ate , he considered the man .
tr	I	But maybe is this an in .
tr	O	I wasn 't going to lie , I had looked for it elsewhere .
tr	O	Dust sprinkled the remaining ones and caught the sunlight as I pulled the door behind us .
tr	I	Actually , she was an wearing old bridesmaid dress , but the less Lance knew about that , the better .
tr	I	said after Henry he searched the rooms .
tr	O	He lacked the strength , almost the will , to articulate it and he let the order remain a thought .
tr	I	Meg 's face went baffled from to excited .
tr	I	It had flowers , shrubbery , and trees growing on it -- providing a good , relatively soft spot jump to onto .
tr	I	In some part of her she sympathized with Chief the .
tr	I	He knew 's Klein habits .
tr	I	He me called that .
tr	O	The tea and croissant she 'd indulged in that morning no longer held the gnawing hunger at bay .
tr	I	She grabbed for the that stake she kept in her left boot , strapped to her ankle .
tr	O	The houses one finds along the tree-lined , suburban streets that back on to the Kanata Golf Course make no attempt to hide their wealth .
tr	I	That 's why I 'm the in closet .
tr	O	She played out all the scenarios she could think of to ask for the piece of fruit .
tr	I	A woman a with very thick Romanian accent responded .
tr	O	Had been cut off , with scissors I think .
tr	I	Reedy was still at glaring us suspiciously .
tr	O	Telltale dampness had gathered in my panties .
tr	O	It wasn 't going to happen , not in a million years .
tr	O	Eventually he learned that the other man she 'd lost had been her husband .
tr	O	The black band pulsed and throbbed , blackness spreading through her hand where blood should have run .
tr	O	Buttercup has to rely on himself for a while , because now Prim turns her attention to me .
tr	O	I laugh at those , not believing how I once put that crap in my hair .
tr	I	He stood and grabbed her hand last one time .
tr	O	Dank reached for me before I sank to the ground .
tr	O	Noah answered , sounding like he 'd been woken .
tr	O	I don 't know how to fix this , Surreal thought , hurting for him .
tr	O	Dorian gave her a sharp look .
tr	I	The handkerchief with yellows blood .
tr	O	A presence he knew all too well .
tr	O	But my heart had , because it 'd broken for him .
tr	I	He walked back to his office , but I stayed where I was , feeling crazy , scared , frustrated and , al at the same time .
tr	I	Lights went off and the house quiet went .
tr	I	She reached to take it him from , and her fingers brushed his .
tr	I	I just managed to it put off a bit .
tr	I	Shimmer always seemed to sense when she 'd be there usually and joined her .
tr	O	He grabbed the chair by its back and lifted , but it was much heavier than the boy anticipated .
tr	O	Laura did one more push-up and stopped yet again .
tr	O	There is nothing that you would like to know about me .
tr	I	Liz lifted her lips into a smile soft .
tr	O	Jordan 's eye sockets expanded .
tr	I	No need to get upset this over something that was never yours .
tr	I	Clamping his eyes shut , he tried to breathe through the as pain they dragged him through the streets .
tr	O	That 's when I hit the jackpot .
tr	I	She was far too desirable and his bed was far too near at hand for peace his of mind .
tr	O	I changed the subject .
tr	O	You can go back and fix everything .
tr	O	He 'd seen and done a lot worse than shoot a few guys who happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time .
tr	I	A well-dressed cowboy resembling one her of favorite authors stood there .
tr	O	I didn 't realize everyone saw him differently than I do .
tr	O	I expected him to recoil from me , to shout , or even curse .
tr	I	The ushered stairs them into a long hallway .
tr	O	I 'd brought a hand vacuum , a load of cleaning materials , and a bucket , plus some Sneaky Pete paraphernalia .
tr	O	He made a soft noise of pleasure as I worked my fingers into his scalp , the soapy water dripping down his forehead .
tr	I	He looked with around bewilderment .
tr	O	He held up a hand as soon as he had said that .
tr	O	Dr. Peters got up from his chair , walked over to me , and put his hand on my shoulder .
tr	I	' Billy , room this has been continuously pumped with sleeping gas for several days .
tr	I	All the of photos were happy ones .
tr	O	' But you 're only seventeen and four months .
tr	I	He heard the captain him behind , heard his heavy footsteps on the wooden floor , but neither of them spoke .
tr	I	Unlike my tourists fellow , I wasn 't European , but Pharaoh Abdul 's comment made me glad I 'd shaved my armpits and legs that morning .
tr	I	Oh gosh ... Cursing her impatience , Selena put her shoes on and decided to the check damn message .
tr	O	Had he experienced the same strong connection she did ?
tr	O	Hand in hand with that is the importance of not putting all your hopes , dreams , energy and money into your band .
tr	O	I realized that he must have been really despondent .
tr	O	I think it sounds like she 's not promising anything worthwhile , but the students are loving it .
tr	I	Just because you 're 1,000 feet in the doesn air 't mean you can 't think .
tr	O	The sky had turned pink .
tr	I	There were heavy and brown gold jacquard drapes pulled closed over every window so that not a single ray of sunshine could enter .
tr	I	I smell the moist fresh dirt then numerous see lanterns of artificial lighting .
tr	I	Curious , I forward inched .
tr	O	Kimo 's response seemed genuine .
tr	O	Even though as yet unknown to her they were an inextricable part of her family now .
tr	I	Its teeth punctured the and cast began to sink into the skin .
tr	I	William leaned head his back , and closed his eyes .
tr	O	He slid one palm under her hair until his fingers could curl around the nape of her neck and pull her down to his chest .
tr	I	The fox fiend on landed another tower .
tr	O	Andrew 's shadow entered the doorway and then slipped inside the room , coming to stand between the other men in their chairs .
tr	O	I smash the skull , when blood leeches onto my leg .
tr	O	I swore that grin could kill millions of girls in the street .
tr	O	Daemon shook his head .
tr	O	I saw a flicker of pain in his eyes when he said that .
tr	O	The probability of my inevitable death at the hands of those who needed my help wasn 't something I 'd forgotten about .
tr	O	The first of the company had reached the ford .
tr	O	Her eyes flew open and her lips parted .
tr	O	The treacherous heart and soul of a woman were waiting .
tr	O	Kate had spent the morning on the phone to get me this interview .
tr	O	She did not want to take to the air again , and this Santino could not do such things , and so she walked beside him .
tr	O	He put his arms around Davey and Danny 's necks .
tr	I	The sun had blistered his and forearms one side of his face .
tr	I	I took his in face my hands and pulled it down to me .
tr	I	He 'd acted impulse on , dashing into their monthly gathering .
tr	O	Laura , too , was now dressed in her usual sweater and slacks and took her place resolutely by Reuben , s side .
tr	O	I didn 't know what kind of home life he 'd had , but I never suspected it was something this bad .
tr	I	They faced Cassie 's rickety Victorian house , where they and a few other girls on the hockey field team had been hanging out after school .
tr	I	It 's been chatting great .
tr	O	It 's nearly her birthday .
tr	O	He was used to talking about war in abstract , comfortably distanced terms .
tr	O	So , who had been responsible ?
tr	I	Had she really ever it doubted ?
tr	O	She checked her cash supply ... .
tr	O	We walked to the left past several tables full of students .
tr	I	Maron didn 't know him , so 'd he grieve later ; he was busy .
tr	O	Then he sent his thought back to the twins .
tr	I	I hear the voices in ground the swell at my feet .
tr	I	His probed hands along her leg .
tr	I	The darkness is like a black canvas punctured by a blunt knife , with of beams light peeking through .
tr	O	He rushed down the stairs to meet them .
tr	I	The blond bomber into ran the bathroom , and took out a can of shaving cream .
tr	I	He observes as Granger angrily forces ballooned his body back into his car and drives out of the complex at an elevated speed .
tr	I	He was beginning to get some insight his into father 's mind .
tr	I	He walked away from the entrance to explore more the of center .
tr	O	She 'd asked him why he was going so fast , he 'd said that something wasn 't agreeing with him and left it at that .
tr	I	I 'm only trying to the enhance power I already have .
tr	I	Amanda asked as ran she up the beach .
tr	O	She drugged him then he was arrested the next day for raping her .
tr	O	I don 't think a thousand bowmen could quite manage that , father . '
tr	I	Mostly , didn I 't know who was telling the truth and who was lying .
tr	O	The way Tag and the other crew had taken extra hits when his recklessness cost him broken hands and made him a liability during their capture .
tr	O	She was with me .
tr	O	Cutter beams slashed across the plain , she could see bodies , odd movements .
tr	O	There had been so much grumbling involved in this that Greg had avoided him all day .
tr	O	Kevin sensed her irritation -- she wasn 't enjoying the game .
tr	O	He was ridiculously tired .
tr	I	But she had asked Wednesday for .
tr	O	What could one do in the wake of such adventures ?
tr	O	Among the items bought : food , clothing , extra bottles , potions , arrows , and saddlebags for their new horses .
tr	O	Every day , the items on the menu just fell into place ... literally .
tr	O	Sasha really couldn 't believe Noah had convinced the client to settle with this clown .
tr	I	Kyle looked back at Grace a with sheepish expression .
tr	I	All your cousins there married .
tr	O	Guy shuffled on his ass to the back of the room and cowered in fear .
tr	I	This she reverie wouldn 't be able to shake off .
tr	I	Suddenly , the pieces came together , the and lesson that was directly in front of Mary 's face finally stood out .
tr	O	Snowball 's feelings reflected my own because she loved him .
tr	I	came a vaguely voice familiar .
tr	I	Her frown turned into scowl a .
tr	O	Maybe if the beast filled up on her , he 'd be too full to gobble up her sister .
tr	I	He still wore the same shirt plaid .
tr	O	We had no choice but to take him for his word and hope that it held true .
tr	I	Frank showed his by delight securing an AOL scholarship for him .
tr	O	Coach was pissed when he caught a look at my hand as we were boarding the bus on Tuesday .
tr	O	Her gray eyes looked up into his , so full of love he wasn 't sure he could hold it all .
tr	O	Quentin muttered a curse under his breath .
tr	O	The wind tugged at her clothes and whipped strands of hair into her face and eyes .
tr	I	I thought of -- yesterday I thought of Lu .
tr	I	There was a slight twitch the to king 's face .
tr	I	He obviously couldn 't see the marks on fingertips my .
tr	O	She 's walking with purpose .
tr	O	Time and again , my uncle rallied his men and they charged back into the fray , regained ground and forced the enemy to retreat .
tr	O	Peter remained silent as Alexander returned to his seat .
tr	I	Lily again herself surprised .
tr	O	At the same time , the new post was taking shape and was nearing completion .
tr	O	I can have the first sections rolling off the line in six weeks but my yard can 't hold many modules .
tr	O	Perhaps she was just uncomfortable in her ridiculous heels .
tr	I	I 'm the freak crazy with nightmares .
tr	O	She thumped her hand on his wide chest .
tr	O	When I was fifteen feet away the knife finally stopped ringing .
tr	I	He anchored the vessel in place with the intention return to in the morning with sufficient help to finish the chore .
tr	O	He turned away from her as a thought crossed his mind .
tr	I	I gathered up my all courage .
tr	O	But the thing that drew my eyes was the burn on her shoulder , just under her collarbone .
tr	I	I had to go , she 's worked for me for years fourteen .
tr	O	He never got lost ; he could see like a hawk .
tr	I	James had been carrying more body fat than she at had the time of the car bomb , so it made sense that he would recover faster .
tr	O	Lucas pulled me roughly into his arms .
tr	O	I froze for a second .
tr	I	Todd nodded towards the largest screen which showed the TV host dancing seductively but with incompetently a flustered guest .
tr	O	She knew it irritated him , but it was not on purpose .
tr	O	I hear no songs of joy , only the endless beating of the funeral drums .
tr	I	Not that shouting is needed ever .
tr	I	I 'll you see later .
tr	I	She is good with cures other and things .
tr	I	She untrained was and completely on her own .
tr	O	At the bottom of the stairs , as he dashed for the front door , Seth glanced back .
tr	I	Assuming it was some woman he picked up in a bar , they and got drunk , then it was probably late when they went to bed .
tr	I	But will I live long enough to it hear ?
tr	O	A crowd had already formed and people milled around the room , anxiously awaiting the results .
tr	I	Not even 'm I that reckless .
tr	I	Once again , shook she her head .
tr	O	Liam gave me a funny look as a thousand questions went through my head , as I tried to figure out what to ask him .
tr	I	Raegan had asked me if I 'd ever been in love two with men .
tr	I	The morning after , and every morning after that , woke I up to similar treats .
tr	I	He just stared at down me .
tr	O	Not that she would use them on him , but maybe they would have deterred him .
tr	O	Another two hours passed without any word and then another doctor approached us with a sour look on his face .
tr	O	Sable 's gaze fell on her .
tr	I	Eventually the Dog People would to have confront Ola 's dreams of expansion .
tr	I	But walking barefoot on a hot day in LA wasn 't the move smartest .
tr	O	God , what would happen if we did it ... ?
tr	O	Ty gave him a weak smile and nodded .
tr	O	He spurred his horse onward , determined to make it to London before it was too late in the day .
tr	O	He followed her into a wide room with a long table that had been set with more bowls of fruit and flowers .
tr	I	The sat phone rang and she jumped up to answer it , saving him from response a .
tr	O	He has wanted to be in the Sanction games since he was a child .
tr	O	We have been building you for a long time and we just turned on all of your subroutines this morning .
tr	I	Cameron touched bosom her , heady heat inside her corset .
tr	O	A torch , a few smoking incense sticks , and some small plants growing in wooden bowls .
tr	I	I talked with Matt days two ago .
tr	I	When she finished , she went to back Dormer .
tr	I	The four-story building housed his forty-seven foot cruiser cabin , the Pamela , with room for two more .
tr	O	I 'm going to advertise this in other circles too .
tr	O	The tears had stopped ; their last vestiges blinked out to clear his vision , the dampness of their passing still evident on his cheeks .
tr	I	He heard a rustling sound him behind .
tr	O	he whispered , nuzzling my ear and then kissing my neck .
tr	O	They would have to move it , in order not to be late . .
tr	I	It was time to a make hasty exit while he still had a mind to .
tr	I	Mom joins me and places hand her on my back .
tr	O	I settled on mentally reviewing the clients I needed to get in touch with in the morning .
tr	I	Power had been cut , as at the house main , but this building was equipped with a backup generator .
tr	I	My father ended the program , there but was no way to undo the damage .
tr	O	After scrubbing her shirt clean , she rung it out and tossed it onto the grass to hang up later .
tr	I	Jess couldn 't help herself she as reached out and flicked one of the guitars .
tr	O	Ares had just handed him the bow and I cringed , hoping that Cadmus knew Ares enough to not best him .
tr	O	Rick Walker stood smiling at her .
tr	I	I 'd been a wolf too long ; I lost 'd my taste for it .
tr	I	At his fangs gently her grazing lips , his tongue spiking against hers .
tr	O	Yeh already got lots of folks friendly to yeh .
tr	I	Luke didn like 't being left out .
tr	I	There 't aren any stop lights , gas stations or malls , just one general store .
tr	I	Five souls , ones the belonging to the remains on the pyre , stood waiting for her .
tr	I	I in leaned , my lips only inches from hers .
tr	O	Surely all his clients ' legal business carried a confidentiality that forbade discussion of them to anyone else .
tr	O	That bastard laughed a lot .
tr	I	To swim right now was just the purest temptation , like a meth addict being a offered piece of crystal .
tr	O	Behind him , the factory blew .
tr	I	He saw and Barbie smiled , waving .
tr	O	Difficulty is a relative term when you 're talking about those two documents , however .
tr	I	he asked , scared almost to voice the question .
tr	O	Slowly , his slack arm fell free of the pack , and his body tumbled end over end toward the ruins of the island .
tr	O	Tara turned to Lora .
tr	O	At least Gwen 's presence indicated that he 'd not restrained her more than needful , nor sold her to the highest bidder .
tr	O	Making sure everyone got to school on time with their homework in their backpacks .
tr	I	Jack 's swung gaze to me .
tr	I	At the same time , they knew they were about to into step a city as far from it as possible .
tr	O	Joanna 's eyes flashed .
tr	O	Now , if you 've never seen a forest , what it is is a large group of trees .
tr	I	But one look twisted motivations his .
tr	O	I allow it to build from within me , and then it forms in my palms , the size of golf balls .
tr	O	16 Blue I didn 't come here for this .
tr	I	While Kenny 's men worked , Neil a took walk around the neighborhood .
tr	O	They also turned on the outside cameras and started counting the cars in the parking lot .
tr	O	He was smiling at her so she guessed he didn 't mind .
tr	O	Jack put on gloves , opened the box , and began to smile .
tr	O	She 'd just hit a sore spot with him , that was all .
tr	I	You are far closer to Miss than Lee any of us here . '
tr	O	I was trailing along in such a limp way that we made only slow progress .
tr	I	His breeches twisted around knees his .
tr	I	Bastien was asking over phone the .
tr	O	He returned his sword to its rightful place against his throne arm and motioned several other minions forward .
tr	O	It was his or her responsibility to resolve the problem .
tr	O	But her heart was begging her to believe , just this once .
tr	O	' No , I was round his house having dinner , ' said Angelina in a matter-of-fact way .
tr	O	There it was , staring back at me : proof that Adam Kinkade had kissed me .
tr	O	I stared at my beer .
tr	O	For what it 's worth .
tr	O	Taylor was exactly the kind of girl that mistook negative attention for good .
tr	I	One man shook his bars cell like a captured chimpanzee , all the while shouting and spitting .
tr	O	When his eyes readjusted he looked around , it was still useless he couldn 't make out anything beyond what the light showed .
tr	O	EM : U can get help for that .
tr	O	The land was in her bones , just as Granny Aching had said .
tr	I	She touched her shoulder , and her hand came away sticky with and blood dirt .
tr	I	She also hoped she get might the chance to get away from him .
tr	I	trying to Maxie save .
tr	I	Or targeting weak the ?
tr	I	The few students who were there winced in response and a scream unbridled of agony erupted from George .
tr	I	Her internal compass still was broken .
tr	O	Life is long and the world is getting smaller .
tr	I	Leslie returned to Phoenix and talked to Lyle Bannister , the 's Star managing editor .
tr	I	He had a lot of with patience her then .
tr	I	Dorian tried to not look surprised .
tr	I	My eyes went blurry when I I think recognized that face .
tr	O	They were so going to get in trouble .
tr	O	I slid my tongue across his bottom lip .
tr	I	Even if that man Daemon was Sadi .
tr	I	By the time Lea got home , she noticed that Ciara 's were belongings gone , her clothing , her jewelry , everything .
tr	O	He knew it was foolishness for him to have a crush on anyone , much less someone of such a high station .
tr	I	Those girls something wanted .
tr	O	The thought came to him suddenly in a blinding burst of light , as clear as any finish line .
tr	I	Unable to hold my back grin I tilted my head back and stared up at him .
tr	O	My stomach twisted and my pulse accelerated .
tr	O	I scratched my head .
tr	I	' He looked at me through the pet shop window and his eyes he said needed someone to love him . '
tr	I	I his squeezed hand .
tr	O	She acted like she didn 't want or need affection when in reality , she craved it .
tr	O	' Tomorrow , ' Evan repeated in defeat , coming up behind me and placing his hands on my waist , sending a tingling along my skin .
tr	I	I wish I could make easy this for you .
tr	I	They were supposed to meet at training the center at five p.m. in order to go collect a map to an artifact called the Protector .
tr	I	If was she in trouble I could find her and help her .
tr	O	The voicemail ended and I felt a frown upon my face .
tr	O	He searched her in a single glance .
tr	O	Except they weren 't a family .
tr	I	The silver creature took a few steps backward until it to came rest in the back corner of the room .
tr	O	This is no game , and it 's surely not a courtroom .
tr	I	Meredith insisted that he find because one she was afraid she 'd strangle him otherwise .
tr	I	Selma retreated to Simon 's room to rest , not that Fin thought she could with Liz shouting as was she .
tr	I	I ran the risk of losing my lifelong friends for a guy I 'd only known a time short .
tr	I	Max , Sr. turned the from windows and answered his grandson 's unspoken question .
tr	I	He would tease her relentlessly when they were young and play jokes on her that were than more just pranks .
tr	I	Abbey was a little taken aback that Adam was calling that at moment .
tr	I	Tessie left her all room packed and ready to reunite with Dennis .
tr	O	A minute or so later , Jeff felt like he could breathe again and he raised his sword .
tr	I	He was now lying on his back and staring at ceiling the .
tr	I	It had been carefully folded .
tr	I	Oh , everyone knows the story little of Ethan Frost , son of a real-life American hero .
tr	O	Laughing , he bent down to kiss her , then set out in a fast , hard pace that had her gasping into his lips .
tr	I	He to had come up with something without sounding desperate , even though he was .
tr	O	I just didn 't want him to stop .
tr	O	Michael asked Agent Sterling , arching one eyebrow .
tr	I	I asked , meeting not her stare .
tr	I	It an was irrational fear , as Marron had said .
tr	O	She rolls her eyes again .
tr	O	Neither of them needed to get arrested .
tr	O	Alison scampered halfway up the stairs , picturing the diary in her mind 's eye .
tr	I	Alice could only imagine what she was hallucinating , but it 've must been horrific .
tr	O	His body tingled warm all over .
tr	O	He didn 't say anything or argue with any of my statements .
tr	O	I need to run to the store to get groceries .
tr	O	But she had to cook and clean for herself .
tr	I	Nan and I had grown up with absent parents , but I didn let 't that define me .
tr	O	He smiles like he 's enjoying hurting me , like he 'll really do it .
tr	O	I would 've been happy to see that she was on my wall of friends .
tr	O	Today may be the day I see my dad for the first time .
tr	I	It is painted all black , save the for silver railing .
tr	I	It took a few more whacks the before head of the axe came through and Adam stuck his head in .
tr	O	They actually might do those things , too , because the salesman promised delivery by motor launch the following afternoon .
tr	O	Of her youthful face the right eye was a gleaming bionic , whirring faintly as it zoomed in and out .
tr	I	It had wings but could not fly ... a result of the curse placed his upon kind so long ago .
tr	O	Which made him feel even worse : what the hell did she have to be sorry for ?
tr	I	Miranda are at the Residence Facilities working , I like would to have you accompany me in my office for another attempt at resolving your memory .
tr	I	If we can even to go Philadelphia now .
tr	O	The phone shrieked through the silence .
tr	I	He fought back , and I focused on the fight , pushing out any thoughts that might distract my best friend from the at battle hand .
tr	I	After buttoning it up , she carefully removed her bra and then down leaned to remove her jeans .
tr	I	And I eventually might be one of them ( impossible as it currently seemed ) .
tr	I	There was one only floor above ground , but I couldn 't tell how large it was .
tr	I	We played on the swings and the was sunset magnificent .
tr	O	Shortly FIDO appeared with a glass of water .
tr	I	I brush the hair from her face , exposing the rosy glow on cheeks her , and I 'm damn glad I put it there .
tr	O	The other riders raced around the temple in confusion , trying to get away , but the guards must have been through this a thousand times .
tr	I	Just directions on what to do and how to long do it .
tr	I	I place my hands on the frame of the car and bend over to get closer a view .
tr	I	At the end of the alley , Melody finally ran of out privacy fence .
tr	I	He use 'll your power .
tr	O	My mom gave me a critical look .
tr	I	Tasha dismissed the question with a wave of hand her .
tr	O	In the ages since , the inhabitants had built all the way out to the edges in some places .
tr	I	He saw no signs of danger , but something was wrong definitely .
tr	O	You know , sleep on it for me than five minutes .
tr	I	The little head bobbled and up down .
tr	O	She took a deep breath and blurted out , ' Has everything you 've done for me been about ... about wanting me ? '
tr	O	His voice was sincerely grim .
tr	I	Of course it took me a little while to work out this .
tr	I	The night was slowly with filled a gentle rustling .
tr	I	It wouldn 't smell that like to everyone .
tr	O	Danger will approach from the west , beware .
tr	I	That night , I of dreamed a boy with wolf eyes , waiting to devour me .
tr	I	But humans could at talk least to other humans .
tr	I	Like they arranged had something ! '
tr	I	Billy 's no wasted time .
tr	I	I followed quickly , relying on his superior vampire eyesight guide to us .
tr	O	' Pat , where are you ?
tr	I	Everyone in the Great Hall to seem be waiting for the king to calm down .
tr	O	With each step I feel my body stabilising , bones realigning , tissues stiffening around cracks to keep me from falling apart .
tr	O	My phone gives a soft buzz .
tr	I	Soon he 'd stumbling be around blindly , as he lacked night vision optics .
tr	I	I 'll the take Far East .
tr	I	Um , to liking watch people eat ?
tr	I	She seemed like a nice and lady he didn 't look forward to disappointing her .
tr	I	She suddenly felt sick with the of realisation what she was standing on .
tr	O	Ricky looked at me .
tr	I	Another barrel up blasted into the blue , exploding to cheers .
tr	O	The glimpse told him exactly what he wanted to know : no one had emptied the mail box in days .
tr	I	He made a quick turn to the right , through gap a in the bush , and I turned behind him .
tr	O	She hooked her finger in the collar of his shirt and tugged down .
tr	O	That is how warriors are meant to die , defending what they are sworn to defend .
tr	I	The black lacquered dresser against the wall far looked promising .
tr	I	David was out still .
tr	I	The girl flattened her body against Shimmer as the increased horse speed .
tr	O	He 'd had her a day .
tr	I	The two boys we had seen earlier appeared at the garden gate , which flew suddenly right off its hinges and landed on top of the hedge .
tr	O	The guard stood , still as a statue , behind Kenneth .
tr	I	His black eyes on centered her green ones .
tr	I	How could be you so careless ?
tr	I	His eyes bulge and mouth his falls open .
tr	O	The Area Commander of the UAS forces was there to meet them .
tr	O	Oh , Hell 's fire .
tr	O	To hell with Stuart and with Tessa .
tr	I	Only Adriane had ever inspired pure this ecstasy that coursed through her .
tr	O	He pointed his thumb toward the spiral staircase on the far side of the enormous front room .
tr	I	Fighting an with axe isn 't that hard , especially when there 's one edge to it , especially when the enemy comes in a flood .
tr	O	He touched my hair softly and made a soft soothing shush noise as I broke down in tears .
tr	O	The handful of guys in the limo started filing out , and I took a moment to insert my communication device .
tr	O	With the damp cloth still pressed to her face , Lily glanced at the stone floor at his feet .
tr	I	I walked beside her and felt the grains of sand my tickle toes .
tr	O	I hadn 't been joking and nothing about this was cause to smile .
tr	I	Nor were rooms like this designed seduction for .
tr	I	I put the in wine the fridge .
tr	O	His thoughts turned to his next biggest concern .
tr	I	But that was because we had walk to so slow with Grandpa , not to mention the time that was wasted trying to get Don moving .
tr	O	At least your son had wisdom enough to know when he was beaten .
tr	I	The deputy nodded sharply told and us to stay put .
tr	O	She deliberately dismissed him with her tone .
tr	I	She veered around fallen the limb as she progressed from road to driveway .
tr	O	What was wrong with her ?
tr	I	She knew he was right , but it made uneasy her .
tr	O	Set up on blocks , it had no windows and only two doors .
tr	O	Ignoring the second bed , she tucked her boots under her brother 's bed and climbed under the blankets next to him .
tr	O	He reached out and stroked her cheek .
tr	I	This was more just than dead , decaying bodies .
tr	O	She smiled as she spoke to Tallis .
tr	O	Darryl sat upright and yelled ; his voice crackled from the strain and he barely made a sound .
tr	I	But why the would Coopers pay money for Sarah ?
tr	I	Around one and wall another and she was back .
tr	O	Her fingers clenched tight upon him , her nails dug into his skin , but he didn 't care .
tr	O	CHAPTER 16 Thomas had a sickening thought as he pushed his way down the stairs after Winston .
tr	I	Her eyes were closed and she was still breathing hard as he ran the pad of his thumb over the lips he 'd been just devouring .
tr	O	Jack took her hands , pulling her toward him onto the ice , skating slowly backwards .
tr	O	Her gaze met Cale 's .
tr	I	But there is cause no for fear in this little thing : rather for joy .
tr	I	The light coming through the shades window was brighter and the clock on her desk didn 't seem nearly as menacing as it had before .
tr	O	Once the skids touched down , Kendall 's guard opened the cabin door and hopped out .
tr	O	Looking to the future , and the need you expressed to get on with your life , I don 't want to stand in your way .
tr	I	' How you do know that ? '
tr	I	Dave checked with Con and Morgan to see they what thought .
tr	I	Tom to gestured the right .
tr	O	Maddie 's tongue seemed to swell with her anger .
tr	I	Andrew went with Nicholas and Kayla to the airport Serena and will travel home with them .
tr	O	He sits on one and produces a half-empty bag of pretzels to go with the bottle of Jack at his feet .
tr	O	How 're we gon na get something like that out of our heads ?
tr	I	Every lead we 'd to managed turn up in this case had ended with a brick wall .
tr	O	I wasn 't proud of myself , but I sure as hell wasn 't sorry .
tr	O	As you know , the NPS now accepts only patients with organically treatable behavioral disturbances .
tr	I	He a had friendly smile that implied he could be trusted .
tr	O	I 'll do whatever your father needs with the press .
tr	O	You will eat what they bring .
tr	O	I stopped by Celeste 's desk Friday evening after I was done for the day .
tr	I	I was surprised to Zeke see in clothes .
tr	I	Her cracked voice and tears filled her eyes .
tr	O	Anthony doesn 't seem like a stalker .
tr	I	I 'm being silly , because 's everything fine now .
tr	I	They whoop past us , going at least twenty miles an hour , before into disappearing the thick undergrowth .
tr	O	True love didn 't come with a price tag .
tr	O	He is bad man .
tr	O	Eventually , the computer spoke .
tr	O	CHAPTER 29 I now pronounce you crazy husband and neurotic wife We got to the doorway to the backyard to find a curtain blocking the view .
tr	I	He walked over to the barrier automatic and analyzed it for a moment .
tr	I	Tanis worked his mouth as though he to wished speak , but was unable to .
tr	O	She raised an eyebrow .
tr	I	Tell me , would Steve be for going a ride with his girlfriend 's husband ?
tr	I	He didn have 't to try to hard to scare us about our futures .
tr	O	Shouts rise and fall around me , some closer , others much farther away .
tr	I	The Jedi other were young and restless .
tr	I	He believed I could train army the of vampires he planned to make .
tr	I	Sam , supporting and his guiding stumbling master , followed after him as quickly as he could .
tr	O	As much as he hated it , it was time to retreat .
tr	O	Jonas wanted to look into her soul and mind , but he was apparently not able to do it .
tr	O	A grown man couldn 't easily hide in the lab .
tr	I	He was anchor the to my drifting boat .
tr	I	He caters much to more the leftist faction within the Party - and he 's big on labour organizations - unlike Tillman .
tr	I	He struggled to unlock it with a skeleton from key a ring he kept on his belt .
tr	O	So instead , her thoughts turned to a tall , gorgeous man who always murdered her in her dreams .
tr	I	I filed that bit of useful information for away future reference .
tr	I	Three eighty , of kind nice , though small .
tr	O	Fallon looked at Isabella .
tr	I	Plus , it wouldn 't be bad that , would it ?
tr	I	That brought back her to attention .
tr	I	Alarm sprang inside him as realized he something major had occurred .
tr	O	But she wasn 't going to base her decision on which table to choose on something as capricious as that .
tr	O	* Chapter 46 With any luck , most of those awful little freaks have banged their heads as they 've leapt into nothing but empty space .
tr	I	Zane laughed , falling in back his chair .
tr	O	The words dangled before him but Drew couldn 't quite reach them .
tr	O	The surroundings moved by , and the car forged onwards quickly over rough terrain and rocks like a boat treading water .
tr	O	Not that Celeste couldn 't take care of herself , she was pretty headstrong , but something about this just didn 't feel right .
tr	I	Chase ran his hands the down front of her thighs and then back up , twisting his palm so it was facing up , cupping her mound .
tr	O	Sylvia looked back steadily , the candlelight dancing in her purple eyes .
tr	I	- I love tea , anything just .
tr	O	He closed down his reader and left the station .
tr	O	I could only focus on Aidan 's hand as a louder cry tore its way out of my throat .
tr	O	One thought led to another , each more complex than the last .
tr	I	They were so slow and unskilled she have could danced around them all night if they didn 't have to deal with them quickly .
tr	I	' She 's lying bed in admiring her handiwork . '
tr	I	The music shifted to something even louder and faster as Balthazar finally made his way their to side .
tr	O	Everyone was hoping it would just be a mild bruising but at that stage no one knew if I was going to walk again .
tr	O	I gave up on resisting and punched him ... or tried to .
tr	I	A here retreated , a tactical withdrawal there .
tr	O	There was no malice in his eyes .
tr	O	Let me have the right to feel this way about him .
tr	O	They were dealing with a bunch of wild cards .
tr	I	Both of us relaxed our grips and pulled we back a bit from our embrace .
tr	I	Becky moved with a pronounced limp , she but got where she needed to go .
tr	I	When this became more certain to be true , she was at a complete loss what about to do .
tr	O	It felt heavy , like a weight pressing down on her , restricting her body .
tr	I	I shouldn have 't asked the question , because I wasn 't sure if she did anymore .
tr	I	The lifted cat the eyes and looked me .
tr	I	That 's when he stopped coming to see after me the Beacon closed each night .
tr	O	I 'm imaging things again .
tr	O	Early morning fog filled the streets .
tr	O	And the ones you store in the oak boxes you do not look at either .
tr	O	Instantly the atmosphere of the room lightened .
tr	I	He quickly dressed and headed for the kitchen .
tr	O	She just had to hold on to that .
tr	I	Lucy interrupted him with a loud , groan audible .
tr	O	But don 't threaten me .
tr	O	He was just being friendly , she thought .
tr	I	But meant it taking a risk .
tr	O	Maybe in fifty years there 'll just be the cemetery filled up and that 's it .
tr	I	I made myself admit that before , I when 'd gone back to work early after an injury , I 'd done myself harm .
tr	O	He watched as they finally climbed into the Volvo and roared away .
tr	O	But he might be seen : and he would never bring himself near even a silent admission of the sore that had opened in him .
tr	I	He eased his hold her on , certain her arms would be bruised black by morning , but he didn 't let go .
tr	I	I couldn 't help but run my palm over the side her of hair while I spoke .
tr	O	' I believe we have a few miles to go yet .
tr	I	The last I time saw Conner , he was laying lifeless on the floor .
tr	O	A woman appeared in the doorway .
tr	O	An image on the top left showed a dark figure at the edge of the inn .
tr	O	The soldier looked down on him and waved .
tr	I	When they could see , they watched as the towering Mystic snatched or struck the unwary women little .
tr	O	All I know is that she 's at Bayview .
tr	O	Quite where they originated from he still couldn 't fathom .
tr	O	She continued moving over the ever-expanding meadow toward the tree , her bare feet skimming the fresh grass .
tr	O	She knew this had something to do with her brother .
tr	I	Stone explained as they were led down an adjacent hallway and then toward an staircase elegant .
tr	I	She was all prepared to dress him down , to but her surprise , he beat her to the start .
tr	I	She took a step startled back .
tr	I	For a long time I stayed that way , breathing slowly in and out , trying to stop steady the flow of tears .
tr	O	It 's just that she 's ... different .
tr	I	There was nothing of else a physical nature .
tr	I	What kind of person do you think am I ?
tr	O	These leaves are about the size of pennies .
tr	O	And what was the part I was looking ?
tr	O	It occurred to me that the only thing stopping me from drinking from the witch up until now had been the threat of banishment .
tr	I	Yes I remember do last night and this morning which is why I don 't want to dance with him .
tr	I	My search didn 't long take .
tr	O	We didn 't have to come back the other night !
tr	I	We hadn 't stopped at a coffee and shop I knew they were suffering from latte withdrawal .
tr	I	His smile lopsided was .
tr	I	He had to have known it was impossible us for to be together .
tr	I	Like they always existed but was I the one that plucked them from the ether .
tr	O	Mercer didn 't want her going into that interrogation room without as much intel as she could possibly get .
tr	O	She couldn 't choose even though she knew she had to .
tr	I	he said looking without at her .
tr	I	he responded , looking at forest the .
tr	O	Of course , it was possible he was rushing for nothing .
tr	I	I grab the sofa leg pulling my body the over arm rest .
tr	I	They expected her to be there for dinner the .
tr	O	He fished and she cooked his catch over an open fire .
tr	O	She opened her eyes and met his assessing gaze as a drop of water rolled off his chin and splattered on her arm .
tr	I	I heard long time ago that happened the in year 2016 .
tr	O	What is the state of that goodly town ? '
tr	I	Daniel quick 's glance took in everything , and his eyes started to sparkle .
tr	I	I wasn 't the only one who was late running .
tr	O	But if it wasn 't going to help him , he was impeding his progress and would be destroyed .
tr	I	I glanced back at the screen Nick where had paused the video .
tr	O	You look in the driver 's mirror to locate them but the angle is no good .
tr	O	Maureen said as she trudged toward her parked car , loaded down with two heavy bags of groceries .
tr	O	Simon took the camera from her hand and placed it on the table , then wrapped a second arm around her .
tr	I	The worst of it was , she could walk away him from .
tr	I	She responded with a passion fired that even more passion from him .
tr	I	Had been months for .
tr	I	I crash-landed a behind dresser .
tr	O	Tanya rushed in front of him swinging her sword at the closest man .
tr	I	A lot of the scars had faded so they were hard to but see I knew that they were there .
tr	O	I was going to go back to the desk when I heard my name .
tr	O	It was exhausting to think about all that was happening to her and she hadn 't enough power to keep on going .
tr	I	He began pulling the back string .
tr	O	Molly set the lamp down on the trunks and came over .
tr	O	Chapter Four Vela reeled from the recent scrapping match between the men .
tr	I	We were considering it , but now I made 've my decision .
tr	I	Both have boys been here a year .
tr	O	There is a darkness in him unlike any I have ever observed .
tr	O	Vin nodded curtly , joining him at the desk .
tr	I	I walked into the lounge stood and in front of the soda machine .
tr	O	I got the feeling mentioning it was just his way of reiterating he thought he knew me .
tr	O	Goes to show , men just haven 't a clue .
tr	O	Changes that would make him the man Lucy Ann deserved .
tr	I	You could she tell was not feeling well by the sound of her voice .
tr	O	Why shouldn 't he do it now ?
tr	I	Frustrated , Emma clears away a small spot on the and bed sits .
tr	I	He was hunter a .
tr	O	Guy hadn 't attended the class , of course .
tr	O	My dad drove my mom and I back to the house while he went out to pick up some pizza .
tr	O	I grab Dervish and throw him back through the panel , which is white on this side .
tr	O	I am a Creature of the Light , one of the pure , good creatures being captured .
tr	I	What are we keeping doing him from his sick bed ?
tr	I	And she was great at helping me solidify my vision , boosting my confidence ; she was gut my check .
tr	O	I passed Thea 's house without so much as a glance .
tr	I	He turned , his own black cape billowing out behind him revealing a bloody on stain his side before he disappeared .
tr	O	You 've been coming in here for ages and have always ordered the same thing .
tr	I	Why didn Dua 't behave as she should ?
tr	I	Glancing at the time , I noticed I that was running late , so I rushed to put on my uniform .
tr	I	The fireplace burned full blast , giving off blessed heat that to began make his own hands and feet burn as the feeling came back to them .
tr	I	Sure , he has you over when is she busy and he is all alone .
tr	O	A metal brace was screwed into his leg to stabilize his crushed femur .
tr	O	Not waiting for his reply , Hannah pulled out the chair and promptly sat down .
tr	O	But something within him shrunk from revealing his true purpose .
tr	O	He could tell it was more than that , I 'm sure , but he didn 't ask no more questions .
tr	O	And I 'll bet you drink whiskey while you 're alone .
tr	I	All of a sudden , the screen started to show a stream of images , they although didn 't make much sense .
tr	I	Asa pins my arms to my side , me locking in his grip as he holds my body against his , immobilizing me .
tr	O	Nor did I want to move away .
tr	I	She read 'd the translation enough times to memorize it .
tr	I	Feline snarls roars and erupted , tribesmen shouted .
tr	O	Abby shot him a perplexed look .
tr	I	Instead , I snuggled back further into the warmth and let out a sigh happy .
tr	I	Clary reached for his hand , but he pulled it back without at looking her .
tr	I	As a child never I really noticed it .
tr	O	Isaac reached in and grabbed a donut in each hand .
tr	O	He rubs at the back of his neck .
tr	I	Kim that suspected there was a flaw in Jess 's argument somewhere .
tr	I	Zander was as in much disbelief as I was .
tr	O	I shook my head .
tr	O	After Jay 's death , I 'd done some research and found out exactly what the thing had been that had attacked us .
tr	O	I need two of my people on-site who can evaluate the incursion and report back to me first-hand .
tr	I	She looked immensely proud of who she 'd to been him .
tr	O	Take all the time you need .
tr	O	Stay Cassie I walked back into the living room wearing a new thong and nothing else .
tr	O	After your fifteen seconds of fame , it would be a shame if you didn 't get another fifteen seconds in the arena .
tr	I	Without another word , leads she me down a grim hallway .
tr	I	Truth was , I really 't didn know what I was doing .
tr	I	This time the drive contained an extra passenger so the quiet time to used reflect on business affairs , the next day 's agenda , was interrupted .
tr	I	Horror squeezed heart my .
tr	O	It had to be .
tr	I	Michael was on location for the next week , which gave Karen more time alone she than preferred .
tr	I	It seemed that he had the three same guards who 'd helped Isaac and Mark make him sick .
tr	I	His was confusion absolute .
tr	O	The last thing she 'd hear would be Laura 's cries .
tr	I	But did she Emerson kill Cole ?
tr	O	He was really just seeing if I had somehow gotten top secret info and is actually telling his commander .
tr	I	Sebastian stilled that at .
tr	O	Aria and Maya both wave to the crowd .
tr	O	Maybe she 'd find out tonight .
tr	O	She narrowed her eyes , watching as I got a pen and put the contract in front of her .
tr	O	The place was a wreck .
tr	O	But I can 't help wondering when it all ends .
tr	O	He saw Jennifer watching Hempel and recognized her petulant face , the one that let everyone know she was agitated .
tr	O	Scarcely able to breathe , his gaze flicked to the horse , saddled and ready only a few feet away .
tr	I	On his return , he brought back a basket of full eggs .
tr	O	It took more time to fix wrongs than it took to do them .
tr	O	The back door was an easier lock to pick with less people to spot me .
tr	I	Most of his hair gone had , leaving a flat square head , the obvious reason for the nickname of Tony the Hammer .
tr	I	Her shoulders together hunched .
tr	I	I only went to the centre I when had PE but I figured Nora would be training there with the rest of her team .
tr	O	I gripped one of the bars and genuinely screamed my lungs out because of the excruciating pain I felt in my palms .
tr	I	And maybe , thought she , she didn 't want to resist anymore .
tr	I	After undressing , he climbed bed into with her .
tr	I	Ash him gave a wry look .
tr	I	It was a more lot interesting over here .
tr	O	she says to Reece as she walks across the living room .
tr	I	Roger was a man pudgy with an average build .
tr	I	She was trying to a fight smile .
tr	I	As the wave slowed , did so Isaacs descent .
tr	O	He scrambled against the wall and struggled again to rise and tumble past .
tr	O	She still felt exhausted , but adrenaline helped her somewhat .
tr	I	Her foal new was filling the mare 's whole awareness .
tr	I	He 's being stubborn , like every man does when something wrong goes .
tr	O	It had been too much for Dan .
tr	I	He was in terrible , terrible pain as hand his , and the taser , were being crushed in Mark 's grip .
tr	O	Charlotte narrowed her gaze .
tr	O	I know you deserved to hear me tell you all of this in person , but it 's better this way .
tr	I	If I have my eyes open , and whatever 'm I looking at moves , I feel very sick .
tr	O	You must ensure the success of our mission ; you must do what is necessary .
tr	O	Within moments there are people in my room .
tr	I	Claire thought about the two students on the floor conducting their stereo wars , not even aware of death by passing .
tr	I	Ramon had come for her , with a hardened glint in his eyes shone that through even the dark .
tr	I	Aria didn 't see that herself way .
tr	O	Tolland seemed to sense her uneasiness .
tr	I	The phone in Jamie 's hand was a just few inches long and so incredibly thin .
tr	I	The prospect mastering of this alien apparatus in the next four lunar cycles became at once impossible and terrifying .
tr	O	She knew she would have burst into flames like the wall if one of the fireballs had hit her .
tr	O	Her gaze strayed to the big bucket of buttered popcorn he held , and her green eyes glistened even in the dim light .
tr	I	Betty and Craig plunged out behind her just as ship the gave another jerking lurch to the side .
tr	I	Who has prepared this for surprise me !
tr	I	Was he to trying tell me something ?
tr	O	I was kicked out of my apartment , and I don 't know what else to do .
tr	O	She begged for him to stop and then for him never to stop .
tr	O	No sooner had the normalcy of chaos been restored , then the room once again fell into an uneasy silence .
tr	O	I know I am .
tr	I	He said he would fax to her a copy of the will and a personal letter by written her father .
tr	O	A silver mist approached from the horizon .
tr	I	That wanted you to pick another fight this morning and were looking for any excuse to start one ?
tr	O	Except for the name of the cop that came with Torres , there was nothing there I didn 't already know .
tr	I	You mentioned that right before you fell asleep , and I you told I 'd take care of it for you .
tr	O	Anything not to run into Madeleine or Maurice .
tr	O	It surged through her body .
tr	I	That good was eating .
tr	O	But that was nothing compared to this .
tr	O	I put my hands gratefully in front of the heating vents as Bob hit the gas pedal .
tr	I	Instead , Amy and his father carried out the duty , admirably and so .
tr	O	I pray that you both are in good health and comfort .
tr	O	' You really expect me to take instructions from a ... a bony rat and a talking raven ?
tr	O	We could do long-distance .
tr	I	I took a quick look at it before folding it into breast my pocket .
tr	O	She was getting to know him well enough that she could see concern in his canine eyes .
tr	I	Two days ago I the extracted sharp branch that was stuck under your tail scale .
tr	O	She leaned up , uncertain as to whether she imagined it .
tr	O	But even at their worst , they could never be as savage as that thing out there was .
tr	I	But it was when he started whispering to himself the in middle of the night that she knew he was becoming unhinged .
tr	I	The other three fight with a grace that calls to mind a brutal of piece choreography .
tr	I	Michaels ' voice dry was and his words seemed to grind out with difficulty .
tr	I	Chapter Eight So much for that , Ilona thought as the rang phone several times before going to Sheena 's voicemail .
tr	I	Jumbo turned around just in to time get punched in the face .
tr	O	It was the answer to all of this .
tr	O	There stood the elegant man from the gangplank , dressed in smart , blue trousers and a short-sleeved white shirt , open at the collar .
tr	I	I think you do can brilliant things .
tr	I	I could see she already knew answer the .
tr	I	We came a to door that wouldn 't open to my touch .
tr	O	He couldn 't really tell at the moment .
tr	I	His breaths brisk were and warm against my hair .
tr	O	She tried to run , a small sob escaping .
tr	I	She concentrated on being very still not and letting him see the effect he had on her .
tr	I	The nobles used are to it .
tr	I	When Ray Don drew back from Blondie and turned face to the bed , he had a bloody mouth .
tr	O	With a circular motion of one hand , his manager directed Tony 's attention to the area around him .
tr	I	By the time lifted he his head , my pulse had tripled and my body felt flushed .
tr	I	He couldn 't believe ; it he had done it .
tr	I	Not time any soon , I replied .
tr	O	Maybe Samuel is going to kill himself now too .
tr	I	What going 's on ?
tr	I	Crap that Aiden didn 't even know the of half .
tr	I	Didn 't want to feel the of heat him spearing through her body .
tr	I	But he knew that in end the , he 'd only feel worse , because he was ashamed of it and because it would hurt Karen .
tr	O	That was the death blow to any plan Terry might have had .
tr	I	The first killing launches the and next it isn 't over until everybody is dead .
tr	O	She knew he didn 't want her ranch .
tr	O	Her feet no longer felt like her own .
tr	O	What good is a letter eight months late , when everything must be changed ?
tr	I	You are pardoned both .
tr	O	The hand on her breast , his thumb stroking her nipple , was making it hard to breathe .
tr	O	I was just thinking how difficult your life must be with such a name .
tr	I	On our bridge toll ?
tr	O	Oakes dropped to the couch beside her , took the drink from her hand and put it somewhere aside on the floor .
tr	O	Get Rome 's Revolution made into an audio book .
tr	I	What had been a dead , inanimate object alive came in Thomas 's hand .
tr	O	He charged out the office door , unable to think of anything but Faith .
tr	O	Willem got his own back though .
tr	I	A few minutes later I sat with an old fashioned coffee grinder on the table before me , complete with a cup of grade choice coffee beans .
tr	I	They most certainly wanted to flee Arkansas , and Stick reasoned that their likely most means would be by bus .
tr	O	She stopped me before I could say anything serious , then gave me a peck on the cheek .
tr	O	He was thinking hard , trying to bring his mind under control .
tr	I	As much pain as it caused him though , that was a price was I willing to pay .
tr	I	This time it was a contaminated landfill case in Houston where billions were stake at , thus the expense of digging so deeply .
tr	O	I inhaled sharply when I realized that was exactly the problem .
tr	O	When they had first moved to the house , Elle thought the lake looked most beautiful at night when the moonlight reflected silver on its surface .
tr	I	The jog was back brisk .
tr	I	I always had to pack for men my , of course .
tr	O	The last thing I want is to turn into death ; into a Reaper .
tr	I	His short-sleeve button-down shirt looked ready to burst at any moment from his belly pregnant .
tr	I	Even while she dressed , she was drawing on all her knowledge justify to her marriage .
tr	O	In a few moments , only the soldiers and rescued hostages remained in the camp area .
tr	O	Not knowing what he would find or if he 'd find anything at all , his boots dug into the ground harder ; he picked up speed .
tr	I	He was starting to like sound Kaye .
tr	O	The one or two other passengers had left .
tr	O	She stood in a rush and pointed at the nearest chair .
tr	O	' I just wished you 'd told me that she might be coming .
tr	I	A long time later , as she drifted toward sleep , Verity heard Jonas mumble something into the crook her of neck .
tr	O	But they were not smart enough to drop down to provide a smaller target .
tr	I	With my left fist , by hindered my cloak , I gave him a punch .
tr	I	The seconds ticked in by an uneasy silence .
tr	O	A tear slid down my face .
tr	I	A deafening scream erupts from downstairs the .
tr	I	Shane fumbled in his pocket for his keycard dipped and the card into the slot beside the door .
tr	I	There wasn 't a physical for reason the amnesia , and all they could do was wait it out and pray she regained her memory .
tr	O	And then , it came to her .
tr	I	He sighed and , for a brief time , the show of returned reluctance .
tr	O	It was almost a physical thing .
tr	O	He had to do more than slam the door ; he had to nail it shut .
tr	O	This is something that needs to be nipped in the bud .
tr	I	She hadn 't thought could she come back for him .
tr	I	She was quiet for seconds several .
tr	O	And then their larger kin arrived .
tr	I	Dana closer drew and took another sip of her wine .
tr	I	Because she stands me by .
tr	I	She stepped into Sal 's office lobby and smiled the to stern faced Norma .
tr	O	Instead of fleeing back to the safety of her villa like she knew she should , she stayed .
tr	I	Now she was fresh from the shower he 'd given her out by the barn , one had that started with soap and ended with pleasure .
tr	O	shouted Marius from the shadows behind the guards .
tr	I	No wolf is huge that .
tr	O	And what came from the sea ?
tr	I	I should know , since lost I my virginity to one in freshman year .
tr	I	' It 's just ... so senseless for someone to him kill .
tr	O	I saw others disappear overnight and new ones replace them .
tr	O	Could my heart handle it ?
tr	O	By the time they reached the sports bar at the end of the block , her white silk blouse clung to her body .
tr	O	I never had another man in those years of youth that my pap liked , but he took to you .
tr	I	They one got male the boys named Brutus and a female they named Sophie .
tr	O	He strokes my back trying to sooth me , but instead his touch flames my desire , ignites my need .
tr	I	Frank Lonergan was staring at incredulously her .
tr	O	He chewed and swallowed while he decided how much to share .
tr	I	I could Mr. see Fitzgibbon , Simon and several other men hurrying among the roses as they set up tables and chairs .
tr	I	But there were whistles from again the pile of players on the field .
tr	O	Much like Area 51 , they reached a high wired gate on which hung large signs that told visitors that the whole fence was electrified and deadly .
tr	O	Instantly , guns were on him , Alicia 's pistols the first to take aim on the Ancient soldier as Calypso and G quickly followed suit .
tr	I	A giant foot pressed the crew back into seats their .
tr	I	It turned out that Jenna had asked Ali to set off the firework blame and it on her stepbrother , Toby .
tr	I	It looked like they had a to plan take over other packs .
tr	O	I felt like I was speaking to a small child or a dog .
tr	O	007 is another huge win for us .
tr	I	I a heard noise behind me like a puppy sneezing , so I turned to look at Stone .
tr	O	Why is he quibbling ?
tr	I	Strangers were suspicious a breed these days and best avoided if possible .
tr	O	His expression filled with empathy .
tr	I	I spent so much time in here that I could navigate blind it .
tr	I	Few people on earth ever find their life 's meaning as certainly joyfully and as Paul did those first few years after his conversion .
tr	I	What if she changed her about mind waiting to execute me ?
tr	O	Again , I wouldn 't mind having his feet in my lap so much .
tr	I	I took Einstein out for quick a pee and left him to keep the home fires burning at Diggs ' place .
tr	I	She believed I still of thought her as that little girl , huh ?
tr	I	I 'm tired of people pretending that they don 't see what 's going in on the neighborhood .
tr	O	If you don 't want to see me , just say so .
tr	I	That way , you 'll all be able to go about your business wasting without time waiting for your turn to speak .
tr	I	I covered my with mouth my hands to stifle a scream .
tr	I	Never since Alex was a young child had she ever experienced such distance her between and everyone else .
tr	I	All that cycling gave him sore chronically shoulders .
tr	I	Jeff tried implicitly not look to at Emeka .
tr	O	They 'd slept that way for most of the night , as though they couldn 't bear to be apart for even a moment .
tr	I	Your parents have some misguided you notion 're in danger from us .
tr	O	The dragon opened her eyes in surprise .
tr	I	It felt good to know we could somewhere go and be safe from her wrath .
tr	I	He to nodded Vin , then withdrew .
tr	I	James leaned on the arm of the sofa and his covered mouth with his hand .
tr	O	He called back immediately .
tr	O	With a grunt , she threw all of her weight forward , grabbing on to the bar with her other hand and releasing the sheet .
tr	I	Now all my strength lies with him , wishing that he also might save you the from curse .
tr	I	By the time we had reached I-20 and turned west , Alcide 's mood filled had up the car .
tr	O	I look up at him and the sadness in his eyes convinces me that he is telling the truth .
tr	I	Did he he feel had failed in that duty ?
tr	I	He pushed the back sheets so he could watch her .
tr	O	If you do not do as we say , small parts of her will be sent here until you comply .
tr	I	With every second her voice was becoming harsher angrier and .
tr	O	But she knew the truth .
tr	I	Rafe placed a across tray her lap and she practically drooled when she looked down at the bowl of soup and warm bread .
tr	I	No one had ever made her feel safe this , this beautiful , this lov ... What in the world was wrong with her ?
tr	O	He didn 't get up .
tr	O	He was sure of it .
tr	I	Her jaw slightly dropped .
tr	O	The two of them were in Colleen 's bedroom at her condo .
tr	O	Running his hand through his hair , he searched for something to say that wouldn 't be misconstrued .
tr	O	She breathes out a sigh of relief .
tr	I	Her clean clothing was filthy by time the she stood on shaky legs .
tr	O	There was another explosion outside and I was reminded of where we were and who I was .
tr	I	' They operated , I don 't know what exactly , but it seemed to OK go . '
tr	O	If I tried to get by them , it seemed like they 'd start on me too .
tr	O	She was happy to enjoy a quiet morning alone with her thoughts before all hell broke loose .
tr	O	Her eyes are open !
tr	O	His tone was uneasy .
tr	I	She figured there had to be some guy there out who was worth a second date .
tr	I	Your family needs here you .
tr	I	Blake hadn 't even picked up his menu , just took a quick sip of beer his .
tr	O	She reached for her phone .
tr	O	Maybe I 'll send him a copy in the mail .
tr	O	He walked over to his daughter plaintively , laying his hand upon her upper arm .
tr	I	Joni followed directions the he gave Isaac .
tr	O	Joseph was about to lift me when I stopped him .
tr	O	It could be done .
tr	I	He was not a young any man more .
tr	I	Either he knows exactly where the shampoo is , or he 's trying to keep me finding from the gift .
tr	I	The trio eventually arrived at the private area of the space where port people kept their own ships .
tr	O	It was only then that fear shrouded his eyes .
tr	O	Joseph did not want to interrupt them , but they saw us and hurried over .
tr	I	In order to protect their it friends would be time to move on .
tr	I	It 's where all we are , after all .
tr	O	I shook my head .
tr	I	It 't wasn a wild , ravenous duel .
tr	I	While I knew I what was going to wear , I still hadn 't decided how I was going to do my hair .
tr	I	That how 's this feels .
tr	O	But what about the angel who appeared to my mother ?
tr	I	Richard felt that his research would lead to novel treatments and reduce human suffering the from more than 10,000 identified genetic disorders .
tr	O	Bea flipped open her coat as if a gust of wind had caught it .
tr	I	I beat a hand my against chest .
tr	O	Barney stalked over to the refrigerator and opened it .
tr	I	' Having problem a , there ? '
tr	O	Aran 's fear was now creeping back in and this was the moment he dreaded .
tr	I	We would grow weak from dehydration ... We would grow tired from running , exhausted from lack sleep of .
tr	I	Aside from an adrenaline rush , she not did feel anxious .
tr	I	I waited for Anita to explain what she told me , but she stood staring there .
tr	I	Cloud returned to seat his while Clarence went to the seat vacated by Lee .
tr	I	Shaking my head , I toss the bracelet aside , out of my of line vision .
tr	O	The agent would arrive the following afternoon , which would give Colin a chance to scatter the ashes and get some sleep .
tr	I	She the took book back and wrinkled her beautiful , perfect nose at me .
tr	O	The wounded Were was Dawson .
tr	O	It 's now or never , she told herself as the theater darkened more and the movie began .
tr	I	They want question to me about the conversion of currency and how much a droid , sold for credits , would actually be worth on planet .
tr	I	Neither was true completely .
tr	O	She worked hard at turning her mind to something else .
tr	I	Angelina felt her rage reaching a point boiling .
tr	O	Why hadn 't my sweetie come to check on me ?
tr	I	I think daily our bickering was the closest thing I had to a friend at school .
tr	O	He had crescent shaped scars that started at the corners of his mouth and curved up to meet the corners of his eyes .
tr	O	I yelled , she turned and hurried to the railing separating her from the track from the crowd .
tr	O	For a few seconds she regarded her , frowning , and then smiled just a little .
tr	I	Nic did as I ordered with a shove that would have sent me sprawling if I 't hadn had the reflexes of a wolf .
tr	I	Under my touch , Jacob began to himself calm .
tr	I	Everyone should be able to see that you about .
tr	O	I let out a frustrated noise in the back of my throat .
tr	O	And now she was part of Sam 's pack , hearing his thoughts ... and unable to hide her own .
tr	I	The trail good was .
tr	O	The phone went dead .
tr	I	He stared at her sprawled on top of the splintered piece of bathroom his door .
tr	O	She wanted to ease his guilt and rage , assure him that everything had been her own choice .
tr	O	The minute hand moved to nine .
tr	I	Anne had already set out her : lunch an apple and a power bar .
tr	I	There no was expression on her mother 's face , only that intense , inexplicable stare .
tr	I	' The thought of investment will never cross your scarred little minds -- - ' There a was rumble from Banjo .
tr	O	After a few minutes , she realized that her curiosity was keeping her from going back to sleep so she threw the covers back .
tr	I	Even if she did think that Morgan had going something on with Samson .
tr	O	How does it feel to kill ?
tr	I	At once her organs starving soaked it up like a healing balm .
tr	O	I know not what this scroll contains .
tr	O	We just need the keys .
tr	I	Finally Julie 's voice came behind from me .
tr	I	But I was inside the dome , and far they outside of it , an army between us .
tr	I	Radcliffe smiled himself to as the pair approached .
tr	I	He smiles , patting shoulder my .
tr	I	Seeing no one , she moved out her of cover , toward the end of the square which held the large building called Purgatory .
tr	O	Frank kept calm , backing away step by step until he fetched up against the arch of the bridge .
tr	O	She moved quickly and silently , skimming around a file cabinet as the thing that was supposed to be Drake continued to stalk her .
tr	O	I 'm sure he is going to punch me again .
tr	O	She suddenly felt self-conscious and crossed her arms .
tr	I	Lea attempted to throw another jab , but Tania avoided the punch , not by leaning back , but simply moving by back .
tr	I	It was only nine in the morning , and my first class was cancelled because the professor had a conference to that attend day .
tr	I	She kissed his jaw time this .
tr	I	He took my hand and ran pad the of his thumb gingerly along my knuckles as he searched my eyes .
tr	O	I stared at him like he was crazy .
tr	I	Once again the vampires were still watchful and .
tr	O	Big Vein pressed the P for Parking button again , getting a thankful nod from the Geek .
tr	I	There was a pause long .
tr	O	I watched as Stefan folded his large frame into the seat beside me and the door closed behind him .
tr	I	Fifteen minutes later , Vinny turned down an alley that the matched address and slowed to a crawl , checking for numbers .
tr	O	Just out of curiosity , of course .
tr	O	The moon was waning but still shone upon Wynn , illuminating her shining white coat .
tr	O	He probably thinks I 'm dead by now .
tr	I	You 're building a future instead living of day to day .
tr	O	Hell , why shouldn 't she ?
tr	I	I skimmed my hands his up perfect body , up to his neck and into that delicious hair .
tr	I	The time I with spent Adonis was bliss , and from the way he lit up upon seeing me , I knew it wasn 't just me .
tr	O	He lost his balance and fell across the plate , and when the Spanish chorus exploded again , I thought he might attack all of them .
tr	O	That was an ultimatum .
tr	I	This gallery was last one cozy little outpost for me .
tr	I	TEN The moment heard I the carriages pull away from the palace , I leaped into action .
tr	O	And in order to be called ' contagious ' according to Farr 's Law , the number of people infected with HIV has to grow exponentially .
tr	O	Now he had to trust her with one far more precious .
tr	O	And the mechanical action of eating helped dull the images of Sam in the bathtub .
tr	O	Ash didn 't plan on making any provisions regarding the man 's afterlife .
tr	I	Except it would probably take pendants twelve to have any real effect on Chloe , she 's so full of evil herself .
tr	O	The train rumbled and hissed as the wheels began to roll .
tr	I	They 'd over found the years that the children bonded with the animals and the relationship helped stabilize them psychologically .
tr	O	If this was love , it really screwed with you .
tr	O	It was the guy who had made Tallis mad earlier by whistling at me , along with some other rough looking guys .
tr	I	Roberto slammed me into the wall with body his .
tr	O	In the last two years , we 'd volunteered at the ESL program during summer and off swim season .
tr	I	I breathe in the familiar scent of house the perfectly content .
tr	O	Ted was such a trusting man , to his detriment , I 'm sad to say .
tr	I	But it won 't be today possible .
tr	O	Chelsea gave them both a sly smile .
tr	I	He turned to face me a with smirk .
tr	O	Sure , they 're all human and reasonable on the outside , but when they 're in their Were mode , they 're different .
tr	O	' Lovely -- blue Celestion speakers , fantastic cabinet .
tr	O	He wasn 't standing by my decision to keep the baby .
tr	O	His feeling of oneness with the wood was renewed .
tr	I	He knew so much about me through just touch .
tr	O	My partner in EOD , Samson , winced .
tr	I	Her let grandmother out a long breath and muttered something in Spanish Esme didn 't catch .
tr	O	One more night , where it all began ?
tr	I	' Please don hurt 't me any more ! '
tr	I	Sensual , with a of hint danger .
tr	I	She laughs , but it sounds so and warped wrong , laced with pain and sadness .
tr	I	They 'd been for dating several weeks , playing it safe .
tr	O	Except the real Caleb wasn 't usually all that warm and fluffy either .
tr	I	We 've got this place off sealed .
tr	I	I looked up and found Jen , Val , and all Katie staring at me , expectant looks on their faces .
tr	O	She isn 't expressing any interest .
tr	I	You know my is name Brittany .
tr	I	Is my body capable really of handling that much ?
tr	I	But Glen didn 't pick the painting because of its theme , because nor of the artist .
tr	I	' He it hid inside a locker , ' I added , deliberately avoiding Reid 's gaze .
tr	O	It was getting late .
tr	O	I became possessed about Washington , the Ohio , and the America that might have been .
tr	I	Veronica 's office was in the bulls-eye London of , right in the centre .
tr	O	Brick shook his head .
tr	I	Diego had a smile on his face as he thought of Jesus begging for forgiveness , when was he startled by the approaching golf cart .
tr	O	Shouting , I mean , at someone under such circumstances .
tr	I	I can see 't her .
tr	I	The slammed door shut .
tr	O	I sprinted after the scent of the others , flying along the ground faster than I 'd ever run before .
tr	O	' It over then , ' said Prince Isil in his broken dialect .
tr	I	You never me trust .
tr	I	Kamil looks Adel at who raises his eyebrow .
tr	O	He seemed ... angry .
tr	O	Joseph Reiner had failed to let the doll club know of his relationship with Martha , quite an omission considering she had just died .
tr	O	It came to a rest at the feet of the creatures of the complex .
tr	O	He put all the pictures down on the table , leaning in and taking my hand .
tr	O	As for Amber , she sat on her bed while little Trista slept soundly in her crib .
tr	O	He looked back at the lake then stopped her .
tr	O	He kissed my cheek before I 'd even packed up my books .
tr	O	That key can open doors , but just not in the way you are thinking .
tr	I	I not 'm even sure if I 'm Gemma anymore .
tr	I	He searched their gazes both but remained silent .
tr	O	Because as much as he knew Kendall wasn 't where she needed to be , she was the one who would have to realize that .
tr	I	Housework and childcare him oppressed .
tr	O	I could feel the heat radiating from his body to mine .
tr	O	Maybe he needs moral support ?
tr	I	Solange rolled her eyes but allowed Juliette to put them on toes her .
tr	O	It 's what made a ghost ship a ghost ship .
tr	I	In and out he forced his breathing to regulate with his heart but the smell damned of roses kept teasing his senses .
tr	I	Julie someone wanted to save her .
tr	O	Judging by my imploring letter , Geist must think I 'm the most susceptible of us all .
tr	I	Yolanda 's tone now hardened .
tr	I	We want Hannah to plead no contest all to charges .
tr	I	Blood soaks her father 's white shirt , but his are eyes open and he blinks .
tr	O	She left them to collect dust and looked up wolf behavior online instead .
tr	O	Hutch nearly laughed out loud .
tr	O	He held it out to her .
tr	O	A war waged within her for years following the news of Earl 's death .
tr	O	Chlorine gas and let 's just say it 's something you would not want too get to close to .
tr	O	Some time later , Talon and Willow came running .
tr	O	Apparently , I 'm only grounded from things that involve my boyfriend .
tr	I	Where the highway bent around to the northeast , Preston began watching for an to exit the left .
tr	I	Macon laughed , and I my changed mind .
tr	O	He paused to sip something from one of the Professor 's antique tea cups , holding the saucer in one hand and the cup in the other .
tr	O	The memories she kept buried .
tr	O	We didn 't need any more grants starting our sophomore year and had become completely independent .
tr	O	I have no time to cry out to Uncle Cassius before the world snaps to black and silence takes the place of all .
tr	O	He noticed she pushed her dress down past her knees .
tr	O	Reacting on instinct , he tossed his knife , straight into the Daimon 's heart .
tr	O	They have come to Alicante now , those who ride the winds between the worlds .
tr	O	she asks when the silence stretches on .
tr	I	Her was friend silent after that .
tr	I	Ryan was impatient growing .
tr	O	Zeke was buttoning up his jeans .
tr	I	The very next day they would after meet breakfast and go off in search of the best music to be found .
tr	O	We were forced to use some of the side hallways , and were able to use the map images to keep us from getting lost .
tr	O	Bride took his hand into hers and held it tight .
tr	O	The rounded turrets drilled through the wisps of fog and clouds , a massive castle of stone and secrets .
tr	O	His blood could cure all but death .
tr	O	But even with Kenji doing his best to keep us focused , few of us are responding .
tr	I	Speaking of Road the Runner -- did I mention the Pink Panther ?
tr	O	The jailer suddenly appeared to escort Rebekah back to her holding cell .
tr	O	The Octagon showed up at the courthouse hours ago , with an army of boys in training uniforms .
tr	I	A second woman came into view , much younger than counterpart her and quite attractive .
tr	I	He didn 't let her go immediately and Helen 's started skin to buzz .
tr	O	We continued to dance around in the air until he reminded me people were waiting for us down below .
tr	O	He always forced my orgasm before he let his go .
tr	I	Breathing a sigh relief of , she sat on John 's workbench and stared at the mess .
tr	I	Then a heavy , pounding rhythmic began to overwhelm the field .
tr	O	He nibbled and licked until she was panting .
tr	O	She slapped at his hand and took a step back , her gaze shifting around the cavern .
tr	O	Peace coursed through my blood , mingling with the numbness already there .
tr	I	Don 't worry about cost the .
tr	I	He returns I before even picked up the sandwich .
tr	I	I 'd be dead it if wasn 't for him .
tr	O	I asked , shuffling the papers on my desk .
tr	O	Erich moaned beside him , cradling his stumped fingers .
tr	I	Many even used the title when talking about him , although the adjectives that followed in those cases were not nice as .
tr	O	She knew that answer .
tr	O	He seemed quite shrewd .
tr	O	Elijah tries to share in the marvel .
tr	O	I mean , I can play guitar , but so can every wannabe in Nashville , so it doesn 't even count .
tr	O	Grabbing the net , he hauled it toward him with a grunt .
tr	O	Alex snapped , backing down the hall .
tr	O	' Some pipe or other needs fixing it 's flooded my bathroom and the downstairs office . '
tr	O	He got ready to say something , but we noticed Aunt Karen flying up the driveway .
tr	I	That 's why I need speak to with him .
tr	O	Could somebody be ... ?
tr	O	Whatever happens ; however bad things get , just don 't go .
tr	I	It would certainly make the news today later .
tr	I	Although he completed most of his mission 's objectives , he never forgot about friends his .
tr	O	Because of the body cast , he could not cut the food or feed himself .
tr	I	James stopped talking and cocked his as head though he were listening to a song playing in another room .
tr	I	Didn 't you see : a nasty mess all the way to back that cursed crack of hers ?
tr	O	We had made a complete circuit , and now we stood on the coast .
tr	I	Every one of my nerve rage endings wildly .
tr	O	I need no distractions .
tr	I	There were plenty of footprints in the dust in leading and out .
tr	O	Lorcan moved in his seat , but his eyes remained haughty .
tr	I	He slowly parked the car out of the road and turned me to .
tr	O	I certainly wouldn 't deny him help .
tr	I	The general doesn 't look up from the paperwork on desk his .
tr	I	It will give me to something drink .
tr	I	It just was too funny , listening to him grumble about ' independent women ' .
tr	I	That sounded like the most delightful of challenges her to .
tr	I	Despite her stress and exhaustion , couldn Emma 't help but smile .
tr	I	The words were too similar to those Julia had used for him not be to shaken by them .
tr	I	I 'm not too far from being England in .
tr	I	In kitchen the , she met a big jug of juice waiting for her and discovered some cakes in the fridge .
tr	I	This was too almost much honesty .
tr	I	He struggled with a long that spear kept getting snagged in the bushes and branches .
tr	O	He watched as she placed the torch in a metal ring devised for that purpose .
tr	O	Tears spill from her eyes , and I give her a final hug goodnight .
tr	I	At they first seemed to be flirting .
tr	O	So she stayed where she was , her face against his chest .
tr	O	He knew that Taha Aki would be waiting for the chance to tell his story .
tr	I	It competed with such great American as castles those built by the Vanderbilt , Rockefeller , and Hearst families .
tr	I	I wasn expecting 't Julia to address me personally .
tr	O	I can 't send a search party out after dark poking around not knowing anything about the area and who were dealing with .
tr	I	Out of the corner of my eye , I saw leaning Kade up against the wall .
tr	O	I glanced quickly around the cabin , trying to avoid seeing the sad refuse in the quarter berth .
tr	O	He walked through the double doors and looked up in time to see his father 's fist .
tr	I	You could tell which gifts Mom wrapped had because they matched the tree .
tr	I	You shouldn 't , but , hopefully , you 'll find book the fun .
tr	O	Each breath either of them released hung in a white cloud .
tr	O	He talked like he 'd known this place .
tr	O	Devon raised his brows at her .
tr	O	Chapter Eighteen Isabelle : Surprise !
tr	I	Now , every week I saw the biggest stars in Hollywood making their movies , and was it a wondrous time for me .
tr	O	Hugh had had to bite his tongue to keep from bursting out into laughter .
tr	O	A corner of Bailey 's mouth raised as she waved him forward .
tr	O	The goblet was removed from his mouth , and he found his gaze locked with that of his captor .
tr	I	When I auditioned to in be this band , I couldn 't accept the fact that they actually liked me .
tr	O	I paused , considering that .
tr	O	After supper , Rebecca Lyon showed their visitor to the guest room that had been prepared for her .
tr	I	The ogre wasn dumb 't .
tr	I	Reaching the weapon , Monk slid on his knees and up scooped the rifle .
tr	O	She had thought she found love , but now it seemed like it was all a sick game between the brothers .
tr	I	Fighting her desires inner was harder than she thought .
tr	O	Call me the following week , and if you don 't mind , would you bring Mister down to my house in Palmdale ?
tr	I	As Sylvia looked up at me I had to notice that her eyes were exactly same the colour .
tr	O	Josiah was at the outside .
tr	O	The Warden didn 't seem to realize that he 'd been paralyzed .
tr	I	Even with the that guilt came from her accusing tone , Dan ' r was more than happy to just listen to her .
tr	O	Love had caught them unawares , but it was the best surprise of their lives .
tr	I	Lexi at frowned the screen .
tr	I	He looked down at his paper , past the wet marks along the margins left by sweat his dampened hands , and to the words .
tr	I	I couldn 't linger with for her long enough either .
tr	O	She remained still , cradled in his arms as he marched angrily , no , furiously through the snow heading back toward the cabin .
tr	O	Looking at her like he would much rather stay at home .
tr	I	You 've all to refused fall in line .
tr	I	After she left them she gagged up more saliva scented with the of oil Snake at the entrance to her nest .
tr	O	He could barely open his eyes and refused to eat .
tr	O	I looked away and pulled my hand gently back .
tr	O	Hart agreed with him .
tr	I	I entered a through door .
tr	O	I am horrified at the notion but it is slightly intriguing too .
tr	O	I shook my head and avoided eye contact with him .
tr	O	You get things done .
tr	O	She vaguely recalled hearing the word ' outrageous ' before the bedroom door had slammed .
tr	I	There were sounds emanating from the stranger , a warm , caring voice , but it was talking in a language he that could not understand .
tr	O	So , that night , I made homemade chicken Alfredo with garlic bread and asparagus .
tr	I	A piercing whistle tore the through air .
tr	O	Eleanor gave a small scream as she followed through with my command .
tr	O	He was having a hard time keeping up with us , but that was a good thing .
tr	O	Such are often the failings of education systems , where teachers might alter grades based on their opinions of the students .
tr	O	Don 't you get it , Josiah .
tr	O	He suddenly thought that the professor might not have been as lucky , even if he 'd have managed to get the old man this far .
tr	I	In fact , I have always kept it close at hand -- either as bookmark a or tucked away in a favorite bedside research book .
tr	I	Nova hesitated and stood then up behind Barren 's neck .
tr	O	I , on the other hand , was gasping for air .
tr	I	Other than Jackson , she had never seen a before body and somehow this stranger was almost worse than her husband .
tr	O	I write our names down on the paper and the red head sitting behind the table smiles at me .
tr	I	What I barely 'd had .
tr	O	She then recognized the opening lines of the first surah or chapter of the Quran .
tr	I	They stood on the edge of a valley filled with the most beautiful buildings he ever 'd seen .
tr	I	( Could she have it had here , in the house ?
tr	O	That 's true . '
tr	I	We violate everything , and , turn around , and impose a new system legal .
tr	I	Stephen sat with a rumpled forehead , I lay passive and and white there was not very much to say .
tr	O	Curious , she opened the door to the left of the bed and stepped inside , surprised to find a small bathroom .
tr	O	Then came the sound of hooves approached from down the road .
tr	I	Ryan back leaned over the chair and buried his fingers in his hair .
tr	I	Why wasn 't soul her releasing yet ?
tr	I	' How do you surreptitious spell ? '
tr	O	the ranger who headed the group finished for her , his jaw set grimly .
tr	O	I had some pride left .
tr	I	I to need survive no matter what happens , like how I did for most of my life , in and out of foster homes .
tr	O	Miller was examining the body slumped over the counter .
tr	O	Let Eva talk to the spirits while we film the whole encounter in the dark .
tr	I	They couldn 't hear any sound from inside property the , and the lights weren 't on .
tr	I	So he opted an for easy and true excuse .
tr	O	What had happened to my team ?
tr	O	She dropped into a deep curtsy before presenting my mother with her cup .
tr	I	Looking 't wasn good enough .
tr	I	Reaching forward , I curled my hand around my wife ankle 's and closed my eyes .
tr	O	Both in scan mode , both picking up nothing .
tr	I	The bruises from brawl whatever he 'd been in were obvious on his face , though he was clean-shaven tonight .
tr	I	Ryan tugged on the a handle few times .
tr	O	These days , there was much to learn from the newspaper -- there were twenty pages of it !
tr	O	A dull ache filled my heart as I wondered if Lucky and I would ever fully be on the same page .
tr	I	He pulled her tightly against his body and a began slow waltz .
tr	O	Ronnie nodded as he stepped up closer to Mike .
tr	I	Fine way get to hypothermia .
tr	I	The memory me gives some strength , though .
tr	I	Desmond didn want 't to lie .
tr	I	While it wasn 't quite the same response as the what government had intended , it had reignited the old flame of religion hating .
tr	I	She was I all needed .
tr	I	He was going propose to anyway .
tr	I	I must dreaming be .
tr	I	Whatever was done being , it wasn 't being done surreptitiously .
tr	I	Somehow she needed to push thoughts their of night together aside and focus on the task at hand .
tr	O	She gasped and clung onto my back , her fingernails sharp through my thin suit .
tr	I	She 'd banked left , turned sharply away Knife from 04 .
tr	O	Gumshoe sucked in his gut , and squeezed through the hatch .
tr	O	Raising his right hand back to his eye , the boy spots the final lever room standing slightly higher than the sand has managed to reach .
tr	O	Abandon the effort it takes to write things down .
tr	O	As I got out of my PTP , the soldiers at the main space station entrance didn 't even get up to check my credentials .
tr	O	There was a common language among the Blood , even though the Old Tongue was almost forgotten , as well as a native language among each race .
tr	I	Riley watching was him calmly .
tr	O	They didn 't know the man was actually a devil in angel 's skin .
tr	I	It also angered K that , the although other boys had been scared and upset , they had been willing to listen .
tr	O	His eyes were tired and bloodshot , his freshly shaved face pale with exhaustion .
tr	O	But it brought him relief .
tr	O	Finally , the truck drove into a forest clearing .
tr	O	Thinking this was another one of their tests , I unclipped my knife and cautiously approached the door .
tr	O	I 've still got some checking into all that to do .
tr	I	Bored at the always threatening tone of Vladimir , Sasha snagged an Asian pear from a basket fruit and rubbed it on his shirt .
tr	I	I believe they 're like the throwaway soldiers you run 've into so often .
tr	O	When she told Mercer what was happening , they could activate Dylan 's tracker .
tr	O	She 's old enough to be his mother .
tr	I	As I sat through my classes that morning , I could think of else nothing .
tr	O	Heard the soft click of the door shut behind him .
tr	I	For he noticed more of the inequities of the court than his brother , and wished them never impinge to upon their fraternal love .
tr	O	He 'd come to see Valerie .
tr	I	Just a more few .
tr	I	Every now and then she 'd and smile look up to the sky .
tr	I	The noise buzzing increased .
tr	O	Men stood at the urinals trying not to get performance anxiety .
tr	O	They ´ re very similar in physique and body armor .
tr	I	Blood and slime flew from his head as let he out a blood-curdling scream .
tr	O	* Celestino found Iseo in the kitchen house , kneading bread dough for the afternoon meal .
tr	O	She hadn 't meant to speak aloud .
tr	I	The sounded alarm further away and deeper in tone , like it was disappearing into a dark tunnel .
tr	I	Blue wore the shorts , t-shirt and running the shoes condo maid had brought him .
tr	O	Kevin , always the adventurer , thought that after a few minutes underwater he knew all there was to know .
tr	O	Now , alarmingly , the rat 's eyes began to fill with tears .
tr	I	I will dream now , go and back to the beginning .
tr	I	Their bodies were pressed and together Mandi didn 't want to stop him now .
tr	I	Chase found himself holding his breath , waiting for decision her .
tr	I	He couldn 't seem to put the images of the out attack of his mind nor could he imagine when this madness would end .
tr	I	Kaitlyn could feel stir everyone , then settle again .
tr	I	There were still bugs in their brains , they 've just crawled the into corners .
tr	I	Her fingers were gripping the steel railing and her forehead was pressed against the back of hands her .
tr	O	My beloved brother was alive .
tr	O	She 'd never once considered the small white dots as something beautiful -- a tribute to her love of her mother , her family .
tr	I	I do the thing only I know .
tr	I	I 'll happy be to come get you .
tr	O	He opened a nearby nightstand drawer and removed a packet .
tr	O	With the situation stabilized , the governors had decided to meet to discuss their future .
tr	O	I pushed myself closer .
tr	I	The bouncer barely glanced at it before for gesturing us to enter .
tr	I	Anyway , was I glad he had pulled himself out of it .
tr	O	His forehead rested against hers and he cupped her jaw in his palm .
tr	O	The white masked woman faded with black smoke and reappeared in front of the King .
tr	I	I took a breath to tell if him he really meant it , he wouldn 't have to say it with his eyes closed .
tr	O	Ren cried out at the sensation of her sliding her mouth over his cock .
tr	I	I was still tired , still sleepy , but I sat there like a stone , on hands my knees , while she did it .
tr	I	Everyone was silent for a moments few .
tr	O	Things started to make more sense .
tr	I	Then Anne brought him back into the conversation the at table .
tr	I	And he didn think 't I was smart .
tr	I	I can 't you prove were the guy in the mask the other night .
tr	O	The steel cuffs had cut into them , adding to my suffering .
tr	I	The could floor be cleaned , repaired , burned to ashes .
tr	I	They as spoke if they were partly saying the words in their own dialect .
tr	O	But Julia was shaking her head .
tr	O	Mary Ellen silently sipped her sherry as the two men began talking business .
tr	I	We stand like together this for a long , long moment , and for once , I have no idea how much time has passed .
tr	O	I urge you , do not let the fight come to you .
tr	I	Ethan was relieved to get away from them , and fell he into the bathroom .
tr	I	There are a few pieces of clothing hanging most but of it is in piles on the floor .
tr	O	I wanted to be her .
tr	I	By Friday night , all Violet wanted do to was hole up in her apartment with a bunch of old movies .
tr	I	The beautiful brunette could have said , Please , me unfasten , for all the invitation in her eyes .
tr	I	He barely feeling swayed stunned .
tr	I	But the guards he 'd fed on , they hadn 't known about second the lab 's location .
tr	O	But San Juan Capistrano is the real thing .
tr	O	She 'd never witnessed anything so erotic in her life , could never have imagined it .
tr	I	Her eyes met his and she blushed slightly , she but didn 't look away .
tr	I	With everything still wide open wondered it what would happen next .
tr	O	She checked her makeup in the rear view mirror .
tr	O	He didn 't want her to be afraid of him .
tr	O	' Would covering up those ugly bits fix him ? '
tr	O	It 's not foolproof .
tr	O	If I 'm discovered here there 'll be trouble .
tr	O	Bret tightened his hold on the lead rope .
tr	I	He didn 't need to know her about captivity .
tr	I	More you than could possibly imagine .
tr	I	You want have to a sleepover ?
tr	O	More movement reached her ears as he put stuff down .
tr	I	The good thing was that I was to able get out of bed , something I had wanted to do for a long time .
tr	I	The fact that he portray could more than one spirit ghost at a time , was a new revelation .
tr	I	So much for not my sucky day .
tr	I	They 'd moved past being friends , 'd she thought .
tr	O	Jon considers the possibilities and can only come up with two likely scenarios .
tr	O	Bethany was squirming under Craig 's restraining forearm .
tr	I	Dan knew Ally was the and one that their life together , even though they were just kids , would be like an adventure .
tr	O	Rigel probably wasn 't his favorite person , even before this .
tr	I	In the distance , piercing the wail of police sirens grew louder .
tr	I	This couldn be 't right .
tr	O	She hated the idea , but love hadn 't worked out for her .
tr	O	Look , I 'm gon na tel you something , because you 're my best friend .
tr	O	Her husband was not .
tr	I	He wasn 't very comfortable with notion the of having alien helpers in the upcoming war .
tr	I	He his put hand between their bodies .
tr	I	She came to him , and he caught her , back leaning to lie down on the bed as she straddled him .
tr	I	Hope spurted through me as I glanced at the people across from and us then the ones surrounding me .
tr	O	Besides , Mona Mayfair didn 't have her baby down here , she had it upstairs .
tr	I	I tried not to deflate his excitement , but was I already not thrilled over this idea .
tr	I	He knew that standing in front of the peephole for too long be could detected by the person outside .
tr	I	Though difficult to tell because waddled he quickly to the other side with his mouth open in warning .
tr	I	He holds me by waist the and rolls me under him .
tr	I	' Right ... ' There was a but small significant change in his tone .
tr	O	But it was there .
tr	O	He looked up at Doug .
tr	O	He checks his watch .
tr	I	Brushing lips his against hers , James shook his head .
tr	I	And she wondered why the thought made her sad so .
tr	I	What could there possibly still left be to say ?
tr	I	Rhett 's dropped hands .
tr	I	They had decided to do a run test of the engine and take it from there .
tr	O	He handed it to her , but Sebastian took it instead .
tr	I	Also ... your Rose little ... I 'll admit that she 's grown on me during the time I 've spent watching over her .
tr	O	Nothing from the island did he withhold from you , no ?
tr	I	Until this point , my hands had loosely hung at my sides .
tr	O	The fangs seemed to have a mind of their own , and he could feel them pulling him toward living flesh .
tr	O	He must have seen the movement because he shifted to look at her as well .
tr	O	he called after her .
tr	O	Then Luna heard him climb down the stairs .
tr	I	Distant catcalls drifted towards him as he untied the sheet and replaced with it a new one ; he ignored them .
tr	I	It 's like I 'm another in dimension .
tr	O	Brother Benedict admired the Christian mystics who were in denial of the material world and searching for a spiritual world transcending the human soul into heaven .
tr	I	It would be to idiotic risk myself now after everything I 'd done to avoid recapture by the Alchemists .
tr	I	He skimmed his hands along my arms bare , shoulder to wrist , and I shivered .
tr	O	' What on earth is that supposed to mean ? '
tr	O	The Blind Assassin 's voice rang with an ominous tone .
tr	I	I was something different ; I something assumed only existed in comic books and action movies .
tr	O	You will need to have it set for your hand print so it only fires for you .
tr	O	Victoria took off her sunglasses and raised her brow while facing at Carmel with smile on her face .
tr	O	She saw a kind of strength that she had never seen before .
tr	I	The fatigue dropped instantly from his face .
tr	I	But I 'd like thing one in my life to feel ... grounded .
tr	I	He jumps out of his seat and follows her to door the .
tr	I	She smiled , warm motherly and .
tr	O	Stalin looked up at the sky , as if in defeat , and Benjamin shook his head .
tr	I	The first time , 'd he given no reaction .
tr	I	' So what you 're after then ?
tr	I	He set the phone down and walked to the kitchen to rummage in around the refrigerator when Buster let out a short bark .
tr	O	And I bet anyone who tried to break in got shocked or thrown out a hundred feet in the air .
tr	I	The German girl who was seated at the reception counter picked up the telephone and told Childers he had visitor a .
tr	I	E 4 What : ?
tr	I	I needed to adjust myself the in worst sort of way .
tr	O	The inside of the house was dark and quiet .
tr	O	He 'd half expected Lily to speak to him while traveling , to contact him telepathically and discuss what Sebastien had said .
tr	O	Meredith was a deep and profound violet .
tr	I	Felt his pulse kick with fear of harming her and icy the need to kill the one holding her .
tr	O	Panic tightened her chest .
tr	I	He went on to tell her about the new candy bar the company introducing was , which sounded tempting to Phoebe .
tr	I	Make yours me , Hope .
tr	I	You shouldn have 't run away from me .
tr	O	Strang now had few options without his identity or access to credit .
tr	I	Not her fault he 't couldn go through with it .
tr	I	Basically you used me , as you knew I didn 't understand about anything the project .
tr	O	But he was too slow .
tr	O	There had been no conflict so far .
tr	I	Cade over glanced his shoulder at me , then wrapped his arm around my shoulder , and took the smoothie from my left hand .
tr	O	Her tongue dipped into the seam on the underside of my head and licked all the way to the tip , while her hand stroked up .
tr	I	He didn 't have to ask where were they headed .
tr	I	Was airfield the ahead of me ?
tr	I	But it 's time for us to let a go little .
tr	I	And asked then , ' Are you smiling ? '
tr	O	He 'd been having a sandwich when I walked in .
tr	I	Nonetheless , I guessed that they had probably thousands sold of them .
tr	I	Bex up jumped , tending to dinner .
tr	O	Thank you , ' she rattled out , knowing she was cornered again and telling herself there was no point in fighting his arrangements .
tr	I	Surreal in jumped front of him .
tr	O	The turning of the mirror gave me a good glimpse of the dark sedan behind us .
tr	O	Neither would Rick ... or Billy .
tr	I	He in shifted his chair , glanced uneasily around the room , then slid his gaze back to his brother 's .
tr	I	He 'd learned the hard way not to allow the himself luxury of the destructive sentiment .
tr	O	There was time to fabricate a concrete cutter .
tr	O	What she really wanted to ask was ' who 's the bimbo , ' but she didn 't dare .
tr	O	You will not touch her again , not until she 's out of processing .
tr	I	He wanted her be to more than sated .
tr	O	It was clear by the middle of the night that Thomas wasn 't coming back .
tr	I	It was in inserted the ice recently .
tr	O	He cupped her buttock with one hand and ground his erection against her .
tr	I	McPherson didn 't expect to see 's Benson chart in court , but you couldn 't be too careful .
tr	O	MaryAnn gave a little shake of her head , frowning as if Solange had committed a huge fashion gaffe .
tr	I	To be like intimate that with him wanting me so intensely was an addictive drug .
tr	I	She relayed the information Lucia to .
tr	I	It streaked towards lower the left corner of the net .
tr	I	Now here was she on the ground by the lake .
tr	I	He 'd faced worse odds than this before , but never someone with at his side who needed his protection .
tr	O	Nora touched the fence 's sagging slat .
tr	I	Sue be will just fine .
tr	I	He was already unnerved and jumpy from the storm , and as he spun round his eyes on fell a door slightly ajar .
tr	O	The crowd roared its approval .
tr	O	That had been Andra 's mother .
tr	O	But she didn 't look at him .
tr	O	Sydney laughed softly , trailing her fingers along my cheek .
tr	I	Ken narrowed gaze her .
tr	O	As I continued to think , pitying myself , I saw something move upstairs .
tr	O	I haven 't raised you to think otherwise .
tr	I	That buoyed up spirits my .
tr	O	Kathleen also began to harden .
tr	O	She stuttered a bit as she considered what to say on the matter .
tr	I	She was moderately successful back Earth on , though nobody would have recognized her in the street .
tr	I	Julia caught the falling glass her in hand .
tr	I	She debated making Jake a sandwich , wanting not to be nice to him after the previous evening 's threats .
tr	I	Josh strode toward quickly them .
tr	O	He seemed to be weaving through what he knew of what was going on , and picking out the bare essentials to tell Thomas .
tr	O	She steps closer , and my eyes drop to her chest .
tr	I	He stood before her like a chiseled finely statue .
tr	I	Feeling the vibrations of his sounds , knowing that he was doing them out of pleasure , made me lose control all .
tr	I	' Why would you shout her at ? '
tr	I	Was she putting something them in ?
tr	O	I stand up straight .
tr	O	He grabbed my hand as he walked by me in the hall .
tr	I	It has nothing to do with my profession , ' protested he .
tr	O	When I read my last entry , I ran to Renée , as I did not know what to do .
tr	I	Somewhere outside , else something is lurking .
tr	O	The kid went down to the floor with part of his face missing .
tr	O	My father , however , believed the yard should be more functional than eye-catching .
tr	O	Because I 'd touched her , tried to protect her , he would torture her .
tr	O	We were all better off without her , going forward .
tr	I	Color came into Jocelyn 's in face a rush .
tr	O	Despite the harshness in the noiseless corridors , the sound was comforting .
tr	O	Moose was fidgeting beside me as soon as they disappeared .
tr	O	I didn 't want to feel them .
tr	O	My eyes snapped open , but Logan had already drawn back .
tr	I	They practiced the until sun was well over the horizon .
tr	O	His dad hugged him back and kept asking him what was wrong and what happened .
tr	I	I motioned at the ladder out leading .
tr	O	The air is tender but clear .
tr	O	She 'd find a way off his property and manage a phone call at one of the stores on base .
tr	I	Do you know how many people I killed before receiving letter your ?
tr	O	A single gram can be absorbed into the skin , entering the body then kills you with intense alpha particle radiation .
tr	I	Mac pulled a lever and pointed shuttle the straight up into space .
tr	O	She placed her hands over her mouth .
tr	I	We detested pantheons barbarian of gods .
tr	I	Their sense of is humor stunted .
tr	O	There will be other cities to stand against the invaders , and if they are lying now , we will not fall for their tricks again .
tr	I	He parked in the lot the of Airport Marina Hotel and entered the lobby .
tr	O	It was like a boy speaking with the restraint of an older man .
tr	I	Dad admitted to working as a detective , so it makes sense that a would cop eventually work undercover .
tr	I	He come up her behind and just twists her head .
tr	I	Hearing my brother talk like that about my was mother normal , but it still bothered the shit out of me .
tr	I	As settled he back in his window seat , MW allowed himself another smile .
tr	O	Butcher Birds coming your way .
tr	I	And as the water came on , she thought of Dante 's who brother had yet to bring Acheron to her .
tr	O	Adrenalin pumped into me at the sight , and I killed two in front of me with one swipe .
tr	O	The smile slipped from Jennifer 's face .
tr	O	Then he went back to die in the ship .
tr	I	The teamster kept maintaining that needed he to unload supplies .
tr	I	And like smell ... fowl ?
tr	O	Then , as though a switch flipped , Edie watched her Aunt 's eyes clear and return to normal .
tr	O	As the hot water sprayed over him , he cried from exhaustion and worry .
tr	O	His time with her was over .
tr	O	Serena puts one hand behind her , still backing up , until she reaches the octopus .
tr	O	When she came back into the room she was wearing the T-shirt he 'd given her when he provided the towels .
tr	I	I didn 't to want be here .
tr	I	' We haven 't ourselves introduced , ' Luke said in his broad Philly accent .
tr	O	Then he glanced around at the men gathered and scowled at their looks of amusement .
tr	O	It was a fatherly gesture that sent a wave of warmth through Jake 's body .
tr	O	Her face lights up .
tr	O	' Exactly ; you 're all here , no bloody respect , smashing up these buses .
tr	O	She would never know anything soft or indulgent from him again .
tr	I	We they believe 're becoming impatient and are planning to do away with you .
tr	I	She watched as a wolf from emerged the bush , its tail bent low .
tr	I	Laurel 's words suddenly back rang to me .
tr	O	And I bet they did .
tr	I	We both laughed , and then he leaned again in and kissed me .
tr	O	Some questions I just hadn 't been able to answer .
tr	O	Although everyone in the room knew it , they all pretended not to .
tr	I	A day I 't wouldn soon forget .
tr	I	Liam put the mushrooms back in the and bag reached for the cauliflower .
tr	I	He kept the windows open on his truck so Harley stayed cool and he could listen for anything out of ordinary the at Cat 's .
tr	O	Whether it was the best way to handle the situation didn 't matter .
tr	O	You 've seen His Grace smile .
tr	O	He winks over at me while we walk a decent clip towards the outskirts of his property .
tr	O	She 'd managed to shake Connor for the time being .
tr	I	Her dreams real seemed and not fanciful .
tr	I	Deni heart 's beat faster as she touched his wrist and found his pulse banging beneath her fingers .
tr	I	Its sweet nectar sweet was and refreshing .
tr	O	The thought tore through his mind .
tr	O	Pinhead looked at him for a long time , as if preparing to snap a picture with his eyes .
tr	O	Farther back , a sharper taint that sets his hackles to rising .
tr	I	Books always had been a major part of her life , starting way back in her childhood when her mother read to her .
tr	O	She insists on looking on the bright side .
tr	O	It was her fault .
tr	O	Dream or not I guess we 're well beyond worrying about that .
tr	O	They 'd been glued by hand ( presumably Ben 's ) but left unpainted -- as if he 'd never had the time .
tr	O	It was soft to the touch .
tr	O	She rolled forward under where the bolt would have gone if he had actually shot at her .
tr	O	I panic even more when I realize he 's down to his fancy Italian custom-designed pants .
tr	I	Every generation , people manage to get more and more physically refined before they take the blood , and they become powerful amazingly when they 're turned .
tr	I	It 's the journey and the that people brought them .
tr	O	The world is depending on it .
tr	I	He said , laughing slightly .
tr	O	Her blonde hair cascaded down to her hips , and she gave it a push behind her back .
tr	I	Something changes in eyes her .
tr	O	It smelled musty but not foul .
tr	I	Plato 's writings have been published in several fashions ; this has led to conventions several regarding the naming and referencing of Plato 's texts .
tr	I	Escaping will be difficult dangerous and .
tr	O	She also could be hurting his image at school .
tr	O	Remove your hands from this girl .
tr	O	I was formulating a witty opening line when he rose up and looked at me .
tr	I	He anxiously watched my every move when we home got , making me feel so guilty .
tr	O	I had to play this smart and factor in my safety , and that of those I loved most dearly .
tr	O	Jake , that 's wrong !
tr	I	I could leniency get ?
tr	O	Douglas walked right by him as if he wasn 't there .
tr	I	We don expose 't our dirty laundry .
tr	I	She remembered boys and girls who looked about five or years more old but she could not remember seeing any babies at all ?
tr	O	What 's the motive power ?
tr	O	Grace held her breath in terror as Julian applied even more pressure .
tr	O	I 'm not paying attention to where I 'm walking and run right into a very hard chest .
tr	I	She squirts detergent and then it wipes .
tr	I	He the took ball and threw it across the field .
tr	I	I loved the smell of her wool robe , and the soft touch her of hand .
tr	I	The amusement bloomed the rest of way the .
tr	O	He spoke around the fruit in his mouth .
tr	I	There are tons of time periods that would be nightmarish for a girl me like who grew up in modern America .
tr	O	I folded my audition side so that the paper wasn 't too big and unwieldy .
tr	O	She took his hand , almost unsteadily , and then Will stood fast .
tr	O	She 'd overheard Dale 's emphatic you 're mine .
tr	O	Trevor offered , completely unaware of the war currently being waged between her sensible mind and traitorous body .
tr	O	Once outside the store , I sat on one of the white benches lining the street and scribbled a couple of lines .
tr	O	She did all her usual domestic tasks , which gave her some comfort .
tr	I	He was the only one among the pirates who about knew our link .
tr	I	She so was alone .
tr	O	She 's just beautiful .
tr	O	Sarah noticed the interior light was out .
tr	I	All the kids Becks have to work at the Costas Bakery for a while .
tr	I	He the let power rush in , knowing he didn 't need it , knowing he was already overflowing .
tr	O	I ran my fingers through my hair , finally finding the hair instead of soap .
tr	O	He asked me to accompany him , but I was too afraid to go .
tr	I	Across the is room my dresser .
tr	O	He sighed as if he had a long day and looked at me with the hungry expression that first drew me to him .
tr	O	He heard the other eight soldiers scream in pain .
tr	O	You teach me hand to hand and sword fighting at the same time .
tr	O	I glanced up and down the space between the buildings .
tr	O	I could feel him laughing silently then he couldn 't hold it and burst out in a loud laugh , and I started to get offended .
tr	O	But a couple of the other realtors were more impressed .
tr	I	Paul turned to walk into house the .
tr	I	he roared even as he raced the toward men .
tr	I	She 's a floor scrubber home at .
tr	O	Eventually we could get into fruit bushes such as blueberry and cranberry .
tr	I	He dug a out twenty of his wallet and tried giving it to her .
tr	O	He then set fire on the cigarette in his mouth .
tr	I	That fit what with Zinger had told Mac .
tr	I	It 't wasn merely that Jim was the only one of them who knew Reuben , knew his secrets , knew everything .
tr	O	That might help her stable her nerves again .
tr	O	Sharp bursts of pain were popping up all over my body .
tr	I	Was it better to live and terrorize the world - or die now , while was I still halfway human ?
tr	O	No shops were open , no children played in the green , no women talked on their porches or tended their gardens .
tr	O	She said she looked for you after school and when you didn 't show , she figured something had come up .
tr	O	He placed a roll on my plate .
tr	I	He could get lost in eyes those .
tr	O	But she posed a valid argument .
tr	O	I watched him pull out of the lot , already feeling the length of the school day stretching before me .
tr	I	Was some it kind of mother radar or something that made a mom know these things ?
tr	O	I sniffled and looked at him puzzled .
tr	I	It looked at both them of .
tr	O	My mom is a tough old bird but I could hear the pain in her voice , I knew she wasn 't telling me the whole truth .
tr	I	Maybe it was Pete the and lads , but he hadn 't arranged to meet them .
tr	I	Now , 'm I sure you 've all heard the stories .
tr	I	He frowned , unable to a find reply .
tr	I	She squeezed her shut eyes .
tr	I	The hermit his bowed head .
tr	I	Tatiana felt her body from lifted the air and thrust back to the grassland .
tr	O	' Come with me , Major , ' Grey ordered .
tr	I	Nor did he even point finger his .
tr	I	Her didn mother 't take the bait , and Gabby was glad , because the second she cast it out there , she regretted it .
tr	O	Understanding dawned on his face as he scooted over by me and put his arm around my shoulders .
tr	I	Gale just misses point the plane .
tr	O	' It is too grievous a task we have been given , and one filled with evil , ' he said as he listened .
tr	O	Thank you so much for coming , she said , breaking him from his millennial stare .
tr	O	The bags slid to the floor , and a tub of mayo rolled out of one of them .
tr	I	Lori became strong and through confident my help .
tr	I	She sounded happy to hear from me , and said and she my dad would love to come over for dinner that night .
tr	O	Helen flicked her hair up .
tr	O	Gol opened a drawer and withdrew a necklace .
tr	O	She had no clear direction in mind , only that she wanted to be away from Gannon .
tr	O	Another obstacle to estimating my age : I have no idea what year we 're in .
tr	I	Problem was , that stunning was hide like cement .
tr	I	I opened my mouth to tell Sylvie all about the countryside Italian , but she 'd already lost interest .
tr	I	Ria leans her head against my shoulder , and neither of us moves until the lights to begin fade away .
tr	O	Unhappily , the response was very different .
tr	O	What could it be ?
tr	O	It was slow , and smooth .
tr	O	He had other access codes hidden in the core system that he could have tried too , but that proved unnecessary .
tr	O	What draws me to him time and time again ?
tr	O	Lea tried again and launched a left hook when Payton threw a right uppercut , but the right uppercut turned into a block .
tr	O	Prim walks me as far as the hospital doors .
tr	O	I think it 's just about being with someone who would risk anything to be with that person .
tr	I	This is the part that would be the hardest , thought I .
tr	O	It would be helpful if we could get this ring verified independently .
tr	O	He never said what was in them or what they were for , just that he might need them .
tr	O	uh ... want to offer up my sacrifice to you ... uh ... freely and willingly .
tr	I	I looked at Betty first and she gave a me warm smile .
tr	O	Her head came up and she stared at him .
tr	O	She shook her head , hating how difficult it was to be honest .
tr	O	This was going to be a long day .
tr	I	After all , he had gone rarely hungry .
tr	O	There are hundreds of innocent people out there .
tr	O	Julian , Liam , Annabelle , Dani , and Joey rode in the other vehicle .
tr	O	Mac listened to her for a minute , staring at the house .
tr	O	Chapter 10 Somewhere in the house , a clock chimed midnight .
tr	I	It was a hard enough act to follow a with genuine fiancé .
tr	I	Small restaurant chimneys , air conditioners , wires , and counters electricity protruded from the buildings ' backs .
tr	I	Several pieces of pipe to crashed the floor .
tr	I	I push him back , which to he retaliates until I 'm finally smiling .
tr	O	It was kind of irritating to have a person who could read me almost as well as I could read others .
tr	O	For maybe three minutes I experimented with moving my arms and watching the sparks the movement created .
tr	I	With a start Guy realized that brother his was waiting to serve .
tr	I	She wore her on heart her sleeve and her thoughts on her face .
tr	I	Her eyes flew open , to into look his terrified eyes and the whole thing came back to her .
tr	O	We are standing in the kitchen .
tr	O	She didn 't move .
tr	O	Breathing shallowly , I felt my second translucent eyelids shield from a potentially hazardous environment .
tr	O	We were all silent and sullen as we ate our hard tack and dry meat , washing it down with tepid water .
tr	O	He motioned to body .
tr	O	She would try to gather more information and just keep her guard up every second .
tr	I	The of rest her life ?
tr	O	Sarah could hear him calling out to the woman .
tr	O	Genevieve rolled over , regaining some of her strength .
tr	O	Not giving the warrior a chance to argue his point , she strode past him to the stairs and hurried down .
tr	O	We 've got enough canned food in here to feed a hungry cowboy for a long time .
tr	O	Charlie was muttering angrily in the kitchen .
tr	O	At last , the sail was lowered enough to fasten the sail ties .
tr	O	Fighters to the core .
tr	I	And being willing to difficult make decisions .
tr	O	I 'd better go back inside , she thought .
tr	I	Some accounts contradicted others , there but was one thing they all agreed on .
tr	I	He pointed the across room again .
tr	O	It wasn 't , but she nodded .
tr	I	And then he put his hand down smirked and at what he 'd done to me .
tr	I	Feel and hunger burn and .
tr	I	She didn answer 't .
tr	O	But that wasn 't all she wanted .
tr	I	Katie 's blond hair and blue eyes were straining upward as she motioned to me to down come .
tr	I	When I come out of bathroom the the floor is spinning .
tr	I	Strange , she thought , he was almost like waving to make her go away .
tr	I	If he thought I was to going act like everything was fine , he had another thing coming .
tr	I	Taking into account their girth , it was a question would that remain unanswered .
tr	I	For a woman , her mother delivered the beating as her father didn 't believe hurting in a woman .
tr	I	Perhaps the whole thing was so just much trash and wasted paper .
tr	O	It hurt for an instant before blossoming into arousal , as evidenced by the moisture dampening my bathing suit .
tr	I	He grabbed my above arm the elbow and pulled .
tr	I	I hesitated , taken aback by what sounded very much like accusation an .
tr	I	I 'm son your .
tr	I	I 'm it on .
tr	I	There are few a grumbles as everyone shifts to greet their partners .
tr	I	You can 't quietly stick us a under rug .
tr	O	' Any time there 's a danger of discovery , we have to take flight .
tr	O	A fleeting look of calculation crossed her features and her beady , little eyes became cold .
tr	O	Sam shifted gears , and they moved away from the station .
tr	O	It was a brief restoration and it didn 't survive Edward 's return match .
tr	O	This wasn 't a sad place .
tr	O	It saves a lot of walking time for those who don 't own any traveling vehicles .
tr	I	I wasn 't expecting her to say yes , mean I I just met her can you imagine ? .
tr	I	It had come up at interrogation my .
tr	O	Why did everything she say end up sounding a lot like she was flirting ?
tr	O	Cassie 's head turned toward the sound .
tr	O	Bindi had a glint in her eye ; she was about to deliver the words that could radically change Liz 's fortunes .
tr	O	' Don 't make me angry .
tr	I	Sophia said off-camera from .
tr	O	The tile continued on , its successor silently replacing the space it left as they carried on their journey .
tr	I	Chances are the person would not noticed have my brief light .
tr	O	I head to a battered steamer trunk tucked away in the corner of the room and remove the lock on it .
tr	O	He held out his hand to her .
tr	O	And now my face was burning .
tr	I	As will become apparent this secret byway was used only after darkness total , in a very surreptitiously manner and at odd hours .
tr	O	I talk about you all the time .
tr	O	I want to forgive him , but how do I know it won 't happen again ?
tr	I	She been 'd sold by her father and there was no way around that fact .
tr	I	He was incapable of such things , no how matter much he wished otherwise .
tr	I	The part of my skin where his lips touched tingled still .
tr	O	She will be so pleased when she sees this .
tr	I	I kept driving up into mountains the .
tr	O	Adele shook her head at them both , and sank to her knees before the pool .
tr	I	The walls are but nothing jagged splinters now , suspended in the air , and now I realise .
tr	O	It was probably the least important part of his body .
tr	O	Matthew placed his right thumb on his name and it seemed to glow red .
tr	O	I shook my head , unable to believe it .
tr	O	Riley caught it with his thumb and I pulled away .
tr	O	This was Norman Weber , who worked at the liquor store .
tr	I	' Beta ' ordered , having read 's Alex expression as he looked up in the direction of Agent 3C .
tr	I	She could just picture her family 's heirloom as of part some eagle 's nest .
tr	I	Most were females who spent time with her to just be near him for romantic reasons .
tr	I	My feet dead stopped on the brush covered ground , maybe slightly scared she saw a big bear or something , but I 'd never admit it .
tr	I	Nolen was hesitant to the use Mage 's ever-present power .
tr	I	The flare shot with out alarming speed .
tr	O	The class goes silent ; no one can find the answer .
tr	I	They 'd gone be a day or two .
tr	O	His soul had somewhere else it wanted to be .
tr	I	I never saw ending that coming -- I love that !
tr	O	Wes let out a sigh and didn 't press with her anymore .
tr	I	It 's so hot that I don 't even want to get out the of car , but part of that might be me avoiding going inside .
tr	O	She 'd been sleeping with the lead singer of Slacker Demon for over a month .
tr	O	came Jason 's voice in my ear .
tr	I	He 'd healed already but this wasn 't about feeding .
tr	I	Surprised by the unexpected attention , I looked away , pretending that I 'd been distracted by something in the general area of the rehearsal door room .
tr	O	It 's only a few pennies , but it helps so much more than you know .
tr	O	He entered the elevator , then paused as he realized Romeo wasn 't joining him .
tr	I	He said he as released me .
tr	I	All three shared wicked a smile .
tr	I	Now , with Buckingham gone , it was if as half of father was ripped away .
tr	O	Perhaps her chin had come in contact with his boys .
tr	I	Crawl of out your fucking hole .
tr	O	You bounced on one foot then the other .
tr	I	Ed gets and up walks to his desk .
tr	O	Dallas at night is a completely different place than by day and I say it knowing everyplace at night is different than by day .
tr	I	When she left , it would tear a hole gaping in his life , but she would leave .
tr	I	He pinned her with another one his of intense inspections that made her want to squirm .
tr	O	You have to be mad at me for not telling you about Eli sooner .
tr	I	I took the blanket her from , spread it out and laid the other one on top along with the thermos .
tr	I	They had the finished last of their food the night before , so with stomachs rumbling , they lay close together in the shade and fell asleep .
tr	O	' It 's not so bad . '
tr	O	Elijah screamed , and my chest hurt .
tr	O	The priest 's leg was immediately operated upon where steel pins were inserted , to hold the compromised bones in place .
tr	O	This place cost a small fortune , so it 's a treat to eat here .
tr	O	They were ready , she realized .
tr	O	As I read the titles , a shiver ran down my spine .
tr	O	His gaze shifted to Godard 's right .
tr	O	I rest my arms on the back of the seat as he sits back and leans against the steering wheel to look at me .
tr	O	Hell , it was bigger than some royal castles I 'd seen on TV .
tr	O	Ryan studied the new Space Shuttle program and attended the first launches in Florida .
tr	I	He kept why wondering it was so hard to get away .
tr	I	The governor Idaho read the reaction .
tr	O	She needed to touch his iron will .
tr	I	Judge Judy her continued verbal berating .
tr	I	I never 've met a Tren before .
tr	I	That was accident an .
tr	I	Golden felt blush the rise in her cheeks .
tr	O	She pointed at something , although when I followed her finger I couldn 't tell exactly what .
tr	O	Even those who held noble magic who didn 't know they were witches .
tr	I	He took Jade 's latest drawings off the kitchen table and piled them on a chair and spread the out map in their place .
tr	I	Her mother 's tears silent poured down her cheeks , her eyes pleading .
tr	O	After a slow start , she 'd done well with the shawl .
tr	O	Instead , the smells of campfire smoke and sizzling meat filled the air .
tr	O	Her dad lifted a finger to his lips and addressed the thick crowd around him .
tr	O	The evidence piled up and he forgot about sleep .
tr	O	The city had responded sluggishly , as Shakespeare always did when money was involved .
tr	O	Nicole 's breath whistled out .
tr	O	Hell , her anger would be a hundred times better than everything else he 'd been imagining .
tr	O	But that guy don 't look like he made good money .
tr	O	He went to the bar and ordered a beer .
tr	I	The hot , wet air pressed his and lungs made it hard to breathe .
tr	I	I to needed find some privacy .
tr	O	After all , Blake had spent a lot of time on the Spanish coast before the casino had opened .
tr	I	I must be imagining it here , in Mephisto 's , by surrounded my new cast , sitting next to my new crush .
tr	O	Teddy scratched his cheek .
tr	I	Peggy realized that despite defiant his words he was afraid .
tr	I	Gwen rested her head the against wall of her prison , pulled a thin blanket over her legs , and closed her eyes .
tr	I	Coming next to Skyler , she peered into the SUV dark .
tr	I	I sat down while Richard a filled teacup and placed it on a saucer for me .
tr	O	Trystan is falling down a pit , head first .
tr	O	Her hand trailed down his neck , over his chest , his stomach .
tr	O	The man stood up , happiness apparent on his face .
tr	O	Gabriel looked over his shoulder and saw me watching .
tr	I	She ignored their groans and called positions out .
tr	I	The made creature a guttural , angry sound as though it detested having to carry Matthew along .
tr	I	A Ago Life 3 .
tr	I	He had for sent her and she had come to him , as usual .
tr	O	I looked up and again was lost in those beautiful eyes .
tr	O	I plucked it out of the grass for him .
tr	I	He hated doors steel .
tr	O	I managed to turn the ignition key and the starter shrieked in protest : the engine was already running .
tr	O	Cole studied her for clues about how she felt about last night .
tr	I	Something like that , and more I couldn understand 't .
tr	O	With bloodshot eyes his focus stopped Upon the distant countertop ; He saw a bottle yet half low And no barman to keep it so .
tr	I	She came to rest at a partly ruined terrace on the former Auditorium Grand .
tr	O	At 55 his hair was thinning in front and showing a bit of grey .
tr	I	Beyond my eyelids , I could still see the colors , dim although , flashing , and then suddenly they stopped .
tr	I	I enjoy beer the when it arrives .
tr	O	Saying it would likely work itself out with time and counseling .
tr	O	Its peak rose like a cone , high into the sky , tapering off into a wavering streak that stretched far up into the stratosphere .
tr	O	Her gaze followed it , lingering a half second too long at the sagging waistband of the fabric .
tr	I	He wanted to there be when they were born .
tr	I	She thought about it , of course thought she about it .
tr	O	Why don 't the demons possess your Deity 's angels ?
tr	O	He had to go to court .
tr	O	So someone has to do the changing , and since it 's our idea , we have to do it .
tr	O	If I didn 't , though , he was likely to walk through while my aspects were trying to enter .
tr	O	And unfortunately for her , she took plenty .
tr	I	A of ghost a smile settled on his lips .
tr	I	Despite his involvement The with Program , she still believes he was her friend .
tr	I	I understood fear their .
tr	O	He followed her , moving gingerly as he tried to put the grate back in place .
tr	I	Alice turned the volume of the music up , and then to danced get the door .
tr	I	An elderly in woman a nightgown .
tr	I	You don 't anything have . '
tr	I	He 'd known for days , ever since Lucan had made the decision to the allow civilians into the Order 's home .
tr	I	Phoebe nods her head and looks at her feet with loss her in eyes .
tr	I	I kept walking hoping to find somewhere to living continue practically any way I could .
tr	I	He stroked her hair tenderly and forced to himself smile .
tr	I	It carried to Thatch and Cobble 's ears and she grinned with certain a sinister satisfaction as she watched her own subtle magic take hold .
tr	I	Oh , how I wish ... to imagine again dragons would be heaven .
tr	I	My mom 's at the store , but I leave can when she gets back .
tr	O	A humongous wolf was lying in a metal bear trap .
tr	I	Amelie had been clear enough , and she wasn in 't any mood to be forgiving .
tr	I	He looked away , ashamed , and saw I a tiny smile on Mia 's lips .
tr	O	It seemed just as artificial as the rest of him .
tr	I	I didn 't about care getting in touch with any of them .
tr	O	She shook her head no .
tr	I	It had to or I 't wouldn survive .
tr	I	Elizabeth shut the journal a with soft thump .
tr	O	His expression grew somber .
tr	O	Kira backs up a little before turning and heading over to me .
tr	I	And the considering area we lived in , D Street Avenue in Las Vegas , a little safety went a long way .
tr	O	I teased , hoping to ease the teen 's nerves .
tr	I	She be should an asset .
tr	O	Darcy chewed her lower lip and concentrated .
tr	I	His flicked eyes back and forth across my face , hunting for an answer .
tr	O	Leif might be big , but he was quick .
tr	I	I stared deeply into his pupils but only saw what I normally see inside humans their : light and ... Uh-oh .
tr	O	It sounded more like hotel personnel .
tr	O	Ever considerate of her needs , he had made sure that her pleasure came before his own .
tr	I	He led Savannah to a table not too far away where from Daphne and I were sitting .
tr	I	They knew all too well what they were of capable .
tr	I	I owe him a lot of things , headaches and heartaches , I so have to do this as repayment .
tr	O	I thought the whole while that he was just bluffing .
tr	I	They not 're speaking unless Zoey wants to start trouble .
tr	I	I to had risk my career because you wouldn 't .
tr	I	Either way , Jewels has ties other .
tr	I	That first was morning beyond hectic .
tr	O	Selene waltzed up to me , my wolf snarling fiercely .
tr	I	' A question for you , ' he glancing said at his watch .
tr	I	A fluttery , barely-there touch , but enough for to her tighten her shoulders , then turn to him .
tr	O	I pushed the ghosts of Kimmy away from my mind and focused on the present .
tr	I	But Alex assures me 's there more .
tr	I	The man controlling who makes rules and pushes everyone away , or the gentle , tortured soul I glimpse when he lets his guard down ?
tr	I	It 's time for everything 's that sleeping to wake back up again .
tr	I	When we reached the porch , she the opened door , stepping back to let me in .
tr	I	' We go north the along beach from here , ' Riva told us .
tr	I	It my pleased mother . '
tr	I	And now he 'd made lot her all the more difficult .
tr	O	Both women hauled out their favorite recipes , Doris from her New England cookbook and Marie more from memories of her Mexican heritage .
tr	I	Clay held the papers and looked out window a .
tr	O	We shoot them , we shoot them , we shoot them , but there are too many , and they 're fast .
tr	O	Rosa walked around the great bowl .
tr	I	It appeared he 'd plotting been his second attempt .
tr	I	I wanted to feel the friction he as entered me with his length .
tr	I	I wasn 't picking up any overpowering emotion from him ; then again , my own feelings were all together jumbled .
tr	I	Our movements are gradual and careful but we have get to out of here before the two I just killed are missed .
tr	O	You 're a Shadowhunter now .
tr	I	Then begins a series of intrigues political that guarantee the log isn 't published until 1681 .
tr	O	She was sure starting to think that she was far better off without the knowledge of the past .
tr	O	That 's just a bunch of claptrap .
tr	I	Anyway , isn 't going this to be fun ?
tr	I	It was part of what made such him an effective interrogator .
tr	O	But nothing comes except for a faint itch in my throat and a headache .
tr	I	Which is why I want guys you to pretend to be married ... as far as everyone knows , it 's real .
tr	I	Before could I stop them , they trickled out and started rolling down my cheeks .
tr	O	What 's wrong with liking to know my boundaries ?
tr	I	The other man tugs and pulls on the skin of my neck with one hand as he presses into my with jaw the other .
tr	O	He expected to be on his way to Washington state by now , but he was tramping through desert in the middle of the night .
tr	O	It glittered like a gem in the sunlight .
tr	I	Nobody Saturday at Night Live 55 .
tr	I	The walk down to the village was a walk through a surreal landscape , blurred my by sense of everything being good .
tr	O	The new solar panels were heating up water which was nice .
tr	I	All the women out drift of the kitchen .
tr	O	He broke the big secret .
tr	O	Right now what Claire needed was space , the freedom to speak out and tell her story .
tr	I	I didn get 't it .
tr	O	There would be a reply tomorrow .
tr	I	He wanted to be held as much as wanted she to hold him .
tr	I	She felt happiness so acute it her scared .
tr	O	He reached a door with a crooked 5 on it without trouble .
tr	I	They were their calling masters . '
tr	I	Don say 't a word to her .
tr	O	Kurt was preparing to sneak out .
tr	O	Woodpecker commanded the Security Forces to move back and escorted Bird Alli to his workshop .
tr	O	The girl was working on some secret project , her little hamster wheels spinning so fast that Melissa could smell the smoke at midnight .
tr	O	She gestures to the screen .
tr	I	And then he would probably to try convince me again to head to the supply closet .
tr	I	We had turned off the county highway onto a smaller two-lane road that curved through empty fields and of patches forest .
tr	O	Although Hanna rarely mentioned it , Mr. Marin had left for Annapolis and given Hanna 's mom custody of their daughter .
tr	O	This is another thing he learned while working with his father in his shipbuilding business .
tr	I	Something that can 't be bought in store a or gift-wrapped in a pret y box .
tr	O	' I 'd gone to the bathroom and I couldn 't help overhearing what was going on out here .
tr	I	That 's exactly I what need right now .
tr	I	But he left a of lot books and papers .
tr	I	The stunned room itself into silence .
tr	I	I remember him peddling me to the store on the handlebars and how my mother would scream that we were going crash to .
tr	I	Elena hadn 't been surprised when her cousin ran away home from .
tr	I	She a had beautiful voice and was equally talented with the keyboard .
tr	O	Not until he found out what was planned .
tr	O	Figured I 'd do it until I decided what I wanted to do with my degree but ended up staying .
tr	I	At least had he stopped asking me if I regretted taking our relationship to the next level .
tr	O	Sawyer 's voice cut down the dock , making me groan and Holly go all stiff and silent .
tr	I	I unconsciously made the decision long ago nothing that would ever hurt me again .
tr	I	He pulled the mobile phone his from pocket , scrolled to Bill 's name , and pressed the mobile number .
tr	O	The chains were so deeply embedded in his flesh they 'd become a part of him .
tr	O	There being no free parking spots , Jonathan continued slowly past the rows of high-end sedans and SUVs .
tr	O	Eleanor sank back onto him with a sigh , and Hart wrapped his arms around her and held her close .
tr	I	I had been a distraction , a fun for companion a time , but now he wanted to move on .
tr	I	I am not one of these frail who gals keels over at every little thing , but I felt I was justified right now .
tr	I	Especially since she 't didn really understand them herself .
tr	O	My bladder ached and my stomach growled .
tr	O	He told her apparently expecting contrition on her part .
tr	O	We all gather on the top floor afterwards , where there are sleeping bags in abundance along with blankets and pillows .
tr	O	The notes are edited for readability but are largely unchanged from when they were written .
tr	I	Jane him gave a bit of a smile .
tr	O	Turned it and opened the rectangular metal door .
tr	I	He added to her imbalance , burying hot lips her into flesh .
tr	O	I was glad he was in jail .
tr	I	And damn him for being a selfish bastard by sharing suicide his wish with his child .
tr	I	He 'd pay her to stay if she would keep up that .
tr	I	The other girls , like me , had on caught and were at least smart enough to stare at the floor .
tr	I	The turrets could rotate by 360 degrees and the barrel itself in rotated a 180-degree arc within its mounting .
tr	I	Our blood and mingles calls to you .
tr	I	Gladstone pointed the at address .
tr	O	Braden cut me a dirty look and I covered my mouth with my hand so he couldn 't see my grin .
tr	O	He cautioned , then shielded himself and Landon behind a wall of Air .
tr	I	It was just Murray , moving quietly as as he could from within the village .
tr	I	Come close , tempt fate and try it on never but cross the line .
tr	I	The heels she were wore not doing the job she wanted .
tr	O	Bo stepped out of the bathroom fully dressed .
tr	I	Sir Albion glanced over his back at as Sasuke we approached the gym .
tr	I	I done was playing around .
tr	I	She wouldn 't buy it until he told that story about being attacked a by talking jaguar .
tr	I	He couldn 't it stop .
tr	I	And for the first time in three it years wasn 't because of my own selfishness or boredom .
tr	I	It took a moment Marcus for to compose himself .
tr	I	I 'm going email to you some menu ideas .
tr	O	Amanda smiled at me .
tr	I	She tucked them under the bench and shuffled in her sock to feet the door .
tr	I	He was crouched so low , bunched into fetal the position .
tr	I	I was sure I blushing was .
tr	O	All three hung their heads in silence staring blankly into the ground .
tr	I	Soraya said in a tone serious .
tr	O	Women with the longest , leanest , sexiest legs he 'd ever seen .
tr	O	A lot of thought were crossing my mind , like a water torrent .
tr	O	He drew a stick figure on the paper .
tr	O	Releasing it so I can cast the levitating spell , a pair of hands lifts it , holding for me .
tr	I	She turned to find him crouched right her beside .
tr	I	She talked to nobody about Thomas , she and liked it that way .
tr	O	I know it will take a long time for you to believe the change is real .
tr	I	With your great-aunt puffing along their in wake .
tr	O	I wonder if he can feel me shaking .
tr	O	She was smiling as she entered her driveway .
tr	O	Sharing a kiss with Colin in a deserted aisle of a bookstore could do that to her .
tr	I	Just as about was to take off my helmet , I heard a loud bang to the east of our location .
tr	I	His fear almost was palpable .
tr	I	The chaplain was the first to make a noise , even though it was only a of clearing his throat .
tr	I	He set the new down beer on the table and picked his old one up off the floor .
tr	O	He nods and takes another bite of his sandwich .
tr	O	The women wore those , they weren 't allowed to wear any metal in case it set off a spark .
tr	I	Colin had very a nice bedroom .
tr	I	She wondered whether that was ever to going be possible .
tr	I	Probably certain 'd he given her something to think about .
tr	O	You 've told me that often enough .
tr	O	I wanted to spend the whole night exploring and getting to know his beautiful body .
tr	I	The thought she had at point some unknowingly crossed into a portion of the city controlled by the Resistance crippled her .
tr	O	A mist hung in the air ; soft stars welcomed the coming night .
tr	O	And so was the bus , with big , crackling , very public flames .
tr	O	You know Keg wasn 't too careful about the crowds he ran around with .
tr	I	Eli wanted to say no or come with up an excuse , but he couldn 't .
tr	I	And her pulse was close so .
tr	O	Quincy had manufactured these components with his precision machines at the Institute , and Comrade Drone had delivered them the day before .
tr	I	Amazingly , Painter had orchestrated a deception this of caliber after a single day of planning .
tr	I	She reached one hand up and pushed Billy 's dirty blonde hair away from eyes his .
tr	I	We the gathered blankets and I towed her behind me as I raced for my truck .
tr	I	' I 'll see you Santa in Barbara before you know it . ' '
tr	I	I was the black sheep ... the black horse the of farm ... so to speak .
tr	O	What more could we expect on this , the mother of all mornings ?
tr	I	What most people don 't get nowadays is that Christians without there would be no Christmas .
tr	O	After a teary drive home , I found Holly waiting for me .
tr	I	Lemon was trying to judge where they were , but 't couldn figure it out .
tr	I	It was just pink enough to be girly without looking it like should be a baby girl 's nursery .
tr	I	Your support and respect for property the of this author is appreciated .
tr	O	He had disappeared as if he had never been , leaving behind an empty space in the air .
tr	I	Does the brother who now the owns house leave ?
tr	I	He couldn grasp 't how this could be desirable or inevitable .
tr	I	His entire chest and arms were in covered tats .
tr	I	He shrugged slightly , looking defeated in his t-shirt battered and sweatpants .
tr	I	With a nod of his head Gideon to turned leave the garden through the mews .
tr	O	All you need to know is that I own fifty-eight percent of this company , and hold nearly two-thirds of the voting shares .
tr	I	Slowly she nodded head her .
tr	I	I waved away him and then realized he possibly had some information I could use .
tr	O	She just didn 't know what to say .
tr	I	He went towards and it she followed .
tr	O	How far can we trust the Source ?
tr	I	Heidi was watching closely him .
tr	I	Hell , the whole female population had admired butt that thanks to a modeling gig he 'd taken early in his career to help fund his racing .
tr	I	She 't couldn jump ; she was out of steel .
tr	O	Corinne couldn 't help the way her body melted into Hunter 's tender kiss .
tr	I	You you sure want to go ?
tr	I	Inside it , a single fat pupa hung the off glass wall .
tr	O	And that would make her sleep so much easier .
tr	I	He felt and heard continent the that lay between his question and her answer .
tr	O	Heard what you said about me !
tr	O	She pumped the gas pedal and flipped the switch continuously .
tr	I	' You most can certainly .
tr	O	No one thinks it unusual .
tr	O	Well , except for Leona .
tr	I	The crook then would be arrested by the Police .
tr	O	I know that Tommy 's parents are well to do .
tr	O	That I can 't do .
tr	O	He clasped her hand , a pulse throbbing double time in his neck .
tr	I	It had been one of the first things she had noticed about him , and still she held it as one of the most attractive .
tr	I	He examined the hieroglyphs etched into its handle before it placing near her head .
tr	I	He crawled lazily toward she where worked , the boards coarse against the skin of his legs .
tr	O	The person who had done this could still be here , waiting and watching .
tr	O	Could he read my mind ?
tr	I	He offered me small a smile , and his eyes glittered with intelligence .
tr	I	Even though I know my dad is much doing better , I can 't entirely forget the past .
tr	O	Preston spent most nights on his radio communicating to his friends across the United States .
tr	O	The healer made my skin warm and tingly .
tr	I	18 Nicolas no longer felt in control of mind his .
tr	O	She hadn 't eaten and was hungry .
tr	I	On his again feet , Matthew kept close to Bax as he muscled a path to the door .
tr	O	Only the muted glow of an unseen moon provided luminance .
tr	I	Her parents back stepped .
tr	I	Their presence , although welcome was insignificant next to the mighty army sweeping across the land them towards .
tr	O	The same people I 'd seen in my vision .
tr	I	You are vigilante a .
tr	O	He ignored her and continued to stare at the television screen .
tr	O	Vic looked at the deep tire tracks in the grass and groaned .
tr	I	But I had trust to him .
tr	O	This is a reputable Company and our methods utterly scrupulous .
tr	O	She 'd seen the disappearing trail also .
tr	I	She slammed her notebook shut and hugged it her to chest .
tr	O	A reptile of all things .
tr	I	I should have with stayed him to meet Riley .
tr	I	She only asks to see Wayne and Wynter she if wants something from Winkler .
tr	O	Accepting his vague answer for now , she stored further questions away for another time .
tr	O	I turned to the priest .
tr	O	There was bound to be something worth catching there .
tr	O	I slant to the side to look her in the eyes .
tr	O	Alain seemed surprised by the information , as well as where it came from .
tr	I	It was exactly I what needed .
tr	I	I stubbed my toe when I pulling was out the chair to sit down at the desk .
tr	I	' It 's I where want to be . '
tr	I	When the waiter came back with our drinks , we ordered the food and then he left our with order .
tr	O	Take what , I wondered ?
tr	I	Who was that person staring back me at ?
tr	I	It was a compared dive to this place .
tr	O	In the dark and with his eyes shut , he did a slow inventory of their bodies , trying to find if their skin touched anywhere .
tr	I	Over dinner , they shared stories various about clients , laughing about some of their requests as they devoured the pasta and finished the bottle of wine .
tr	O	I could feel how tense his muscles were , ready to react if there was more danger .
tr	I	She stared at him silence in , completely at a loss .
tr	O	I pulled the covers back up over my sweats and loose T-shirt .
tr	I	We went to a quaint little café in center the of town which he recommended highly .
tr	I	Pat asks the handful of kids who have come with us , trying to take their minds their off aching , soaked feet .
tr	I	My back being at school couldn 't be the reason for the euphoria on her face .
tr	O	Edward had been about to compile his file when he heard the sound of the chair squeaking in his adopted father 's office .
tr	O	I reached out and tapped her on the shoulder .
tr	I	He did not want to out step amid all that death .
tr	I	Dorcas hope asked filing her face .
tr	O	I stopped just at the two mile mark just inside the line of trees that surrounded the Laramie base .
tr	I	For which of them , mother or girls , not had had a generous part in it ?
tr	I	Why aren 't they yet home ?
tr	I	They just 're words .
tr	I	She gently stroked the soft furry warmth in tucked beside her .
tr	I	The lid toilet was barely up when I heaved everything inside me into it .
tr	O	I asked , though I didn 't want to interrupt her from her memories .
tr	O	Following him , he looked like a man without a care in the world .
tr	I	This the was second day in a row she 'd missed school .
tr	I	And for now some more personal matters .
tr	I	Deirdre stuck her tongue at out him .
tr	I	She had raised her arms out of the water and peering was at them in dismay .
tr	I	It was getting easier and easier for to them be together again .
tr	I	It was a to move obliterate Ellis Reeves from her life .
tr	O	A red balloon floated over the table , slowly , up and down , up and down .
tr	O	Once he entered the Altar room , she would be behind him and could startle him with her presence .
tr	O	Vin turned back to the stage front .
tr	O	Attached to the silver web embedded in the stone were knives of every shape and size .
tr	O	He 's not taken full control yet .
tr	I	He laid his cheek against the top of head her .
tr	O	Around the courtyard wooden poles had been nailed together and there were sacks hanging from them in the middle .
tr	O	He even ate a bowl of granola with them .
tr	O	A concentration of technology .
tr	O	The Reunion Chapter 2 .
tr	I	Had he ever anything seen so deliciously sensuous ?
tr	O	Taking a deeper breath than necessary , I took the few deliberate steps that carried me to the counter .
tr	I	Levi I and were always the first to volunteer to help her , but of course we had an ulterior motive .
tr	O	Using his height as an intimidation factor , he bent slightly over her .
tr	I	Drake regarded coughing the fit .
tr	O	The heat hit me instantly , once again wrapping around me like a thick blanket .
tr	I	Shut up and let think me .
tr	O	After that , they kept going on their way .
tr	O	* * * Weather delayed the flight for an hour in Denver .
tr	O	It was enough that they 'd committed treason against the crown , in addition to murdering other vampires .
tr	O	Instead , I found myself draggy and melancholy , inclined to think fruitless thoughts about situations beyond my control or affect .
tr	I	The tube drifted slowly downward in the ship 's quarter gravity .
tr	I	Besides which he flies to back London on Monday .
tr	I	His head hurt , and he was fairly certain that he was going to have a black eye and a stiff back in morning the .
tr	O	There were others and I 'd found one .
tr	O	As steamy vapors lazily drifted toward the ceiling , he couldn 't resist any longer .
tr	I	A 's fisherman net hung on the wall .
tr	O	Alex made some lame excuse about being too busy to volunteer and ended the call .
tr	O	The meat looked good , but the blood looked better .
tr	O	Cullen immediately chased after her .
tr	O	Karla needed me now more than the girls .
tr	O	All that matters now is assigning the blame .
tr	I	What I could do ?
tr	O	She squeezed his hand .
tr	O	You 're gon na fucking learn about it tonight .
tr	O	I purposefully made a sound as we walked to alert him of our presence .
tr	O	Because it was so damn good she wanted to do it forever .
tr	I	She carries on as if had I not spoken .
tr	O	He didn 't realize that he was crying until he blinked , sending loose a tear , which hit the page .
tr	I	Without or permission preamble , the monster parted her thighs and drove his c * ck deep .
tr	I	The hand felt and soft flabby -- almost like Christmas cookie dough .
tr	O	Given the facts and dates , it very much seemed her family outright lied to her .
tr	I	My feels heart full and empty with all of the beginnings and endings .
tr	I	Some were interned , and shipped some to far away unpopulated world across the galaxy .
tr	O	With an approving nod , he slid the car into the parking space , reached down and adjusted a lever .
tr	O	She hadn 't meant to attack Hal like that , not when he was so weak and defenceless .
tr	I	You 're not to going sleep any time soon .
tr	O	I edge into the single line of people that leads to where Peg writes names up on the chalkboard .
tr	O	Only when she reached the main street , with its lights and bustle of people , did she dare glance back .
tr	I	It was good a night to be away from Hemlock .
tr	I	What do do I now ?
tr	O	I cracked the smallest of smiles .
tr	I	He nodded agreement in .
tr	O	But where does this Buddha nature reside ?
tr	O	I always pays me debts .
tr	O	I suspect that my outfit drew his attention .
tr	I	He wasn 't feeling well , and his sunglasses did little to shield the blinding rays that made head his ache even worse .
tr	I	Already a week had slipped by his since proposal .
tr	O	Kali jumped up and backed away from us .
tr	O	My voice caused the peddler to look up .
tr	O	Rift asks , always certain they were no different than the legends of ghosts and demons .
tr	O	The light at the end of the tunnel grew brighter .
tr	O	Jennie got up and picked up the phone on the side table .
tr	I	Even as aroused as he was , knew he I was close .
tr	O	The only way I could ensure that she 'd find it there was if I slid the keyboard out of place .
tr	I	The boys were in the car , and she had nowhere else to go -- at not least yet .
tr	I	Looking at door the to the room they were in , it was solid wood except for an opening barred by metal as well .
tr	I	I was glad was Mia okay .
tr	O	She spun round and folded her arms in front of her .
tr	I	He its pulled string .
tr	I	I gestured for Roach come to inside .
tr	I	These don people 't want to help save themselves ?
tr	I	The lake was a black silvered mirror with moonlight .
tr	O	As big as Vladimir , easily .
tr	I	So now Nick had to a find wife .
tr	I	His words rang true in the of light what Fintan had seen a few nights before .
tr	O	She was now finding it hard to keep her calm .
tr	O	It was time for Quinn to report his progress and begin the next phase of his master plan .
tr	I	I felt lighter somehow , Hades and must have sensed it , because he gave me a small smile .
tr	O	By nature , an imp was half demon , half human , his demon side usually inherited from his father .
tr	O	He put one hand on the edge of the dropped ceiling and plummeted , feet first , straight down .
tr	I	The pad of his thumb traces of one the scales .
tr	O	The smile Lawrence wore on his face that morning was slightly nervous , as if he was in the presence of royalty .
tr	O	Viper set aside his empty bottle .
tr	I	Wisely Gabriel returned to his less unsettling to shape minimize any further trauma being inflicted on the shaken survivor .
tr	I	She was still trying to recover the from idea that she was pregnant .
tr	I	In a large canvas rucksack were mostly practical possessions clothes : , stove , rope , and tools .
tr	I	Cullen merely grunted , and bent peer to at something in the embers .
tr	I	We became friends and she was present with her husband at Tim my wedding .
tr	O	I was burning with intrigue .
tr	O	I didn 't realize it had been so long until they returned .
tr	I	The jailer held a up scolding finger .
tr	O	When it came , she felt herself filled with the same conceptual ecstasy she had felt in the gondola .
tr	O	Brooke scooped her up , and they sprinted past the administrative building into the parking lot .
tr	I	She had begun to feel guilty almost soon as as John had sent his stepdaughter away .
tr	I	There are big drifts snow covering the back of their house .
tr	I	Sobbing , he tried to hold it , tried to re-form it into that face beloved .
tr	I	Shivering , I cursed them and turned to go into house the .
tr	O	For a moment , he just stared at the doorway where Antonia had been , eyebrows raised in amazement .
tr	I	No , no , it 't wouldn .
tr	O	Sydney and I had a love-hate relationship .
tr	I	But she was in no to mood make enemies .
tr	O	Abby looked at Autumn who smiled and nodded .
tr	O	She adopted the tactic she used when she used to play forward in field hockey : stare down your opponent during face-off .
tr	I	I had been given a by gift the gods .
tr	O	Now , in the dining hall , Perry still in tow , Kylie stared at her breakfast of bacon , eggs , and toast .
tr	I	Lucy had stopped trying to pull away her .
tr	O	Had she been playing him against his father the entire time ?
tr	O	She obviously wasn 't planning on telling me , and it was apparent that she wasn 't alone .
tr	O	She heard a faint rush of air escape his lips and she heard him say in a whisper .
tr	I	I my kept head down throughout security and immigration .
tr	O	Great , now there were two of them in the world , and both in my life indefinitely .
tr	O	The sound of a million souls crying out filled the room .
tr	I	The vampire forced a smile weak .
tr	O	I dismiss it and assume my battle stance with arms forward and knees bent .
tr	O	Isaiah 's engine roars again and the sound vibrates between the layers of my skin and muscle .
tr	I	I stretched my arm to out drape it over his side , reveling in the feel of him .
tr	I	She in walked to see Kiera already sitting at the bar sipping a martini .
tr	I	He pointed the to back room with his knife , commanding her to leave .
tr	I	This wasn the 't person she married and it wasn 't anyone that she wanted to be around anymore .
tr	O	You ran for a reason . '
tr	O	She recalled what just happened five seconds ago .
tr	O	Who was Liam meeting to give him money at such an odd place and time ?
tr	O	I won 't use physical strength or Craft to force you .
tr	O	She kissed Kara on the forehead .
tr	I	Basically is he what makes everything evil and otherwise quake in its boots .
tr	I	Not if he me kills for refusing .
tr	O	No one else was in the room with her but the nurse .
tr	O	His tongue was firm and demanding inside my mouth .
tr	I	Her voice cracked , and I wanted reach to for her .
tr	I	Her eyes as closed her fingertips pressed hard against my shoulders , working their way down my back and settling on my ass .
tr	I	I back pulled , finding his eyes and held their gaze , admiring the beautiful flecks of blue .
tr	O	Natalie swallowed a mouthful of cereal .
tr	I	youthful and hard but it was that Wendy caught him aback .
tr	I	I don 't know where we 're at there but are a lot of shifters here .
tr	O	Today it was just her and the kids though .
tr	I	' If you see him , him send back here in time . '
tr	I	Hunger I hadn 't even known I possessed reared up in my stomach with almost an painful lurch .
tr	O	She wasn 't going to be able to do this .
tr	O	Be there or your partner dies .
tr	O	I kept thinking about how dark and spooky it was there - so much so that I started seeing shadows in my room .
tr	O	She has several large bags piled around her already .
tr	O	Maybe she became a little too persistent and he lashed out . '
tr	I	She pulled each through time , and now spent her days bound to a wheelchair , signing a few simple words and smiling .
tr	I	I could feel ebullient of waves excitement bouncing off him .
tr	O	The oldest at ten , she always tried to claim the passenger seat .
tr	I	A mirror the on ceiling .
tr	I	If I say no , does that mean I don 't to get kiss you ?
tr	I	It surprised the master and pupil when it snapped the whip them at , causing them to react by leaping backwards .
tr	O	I walk into my room , grab a towel then head into the kitchen for a bottle of water .
tr	O	I am a Wayfarer .
tr	I	Suddenly Edwin a heard strange whooshing noise .
tr	I	I hope don they 't stay long .
tr	I	They 're in there , but she can 't them access .
tr	O	She handed one to her brother and sat in a chair across from him .
tr	I	And with her mouth open , he swooped in , rising up kissing and her hard .
tr	I	There would stay be enough it of .
tr	O	I realised that all that was happening was he was winning .
tr	O	Sophie stared around the room with wide eyes , waiting for a response .
tr	O	Colleen rushed into the room , followed by Rory and Allen .
tr	O	I kiss the horse 's muzzle .
tr	O	Hunter took off after him , rounding the corner just as a big black sedan screeched to a halt at the curb .
tr	O	She chewed on the outside of her bottom lip and rocked onto the outside of her shoes .
tr	I	I heard one car leave while I there lay , and then I heard voices after a time ; two people getting off the elevator .
tr	O	Mike gave the cabbie instructions to his house -- he wasn 't going to bother dropping Terry off until tomorrow -- and sat back .
tr	I	The first thing I saw was a white ceiling and a heavy of smell blood .
tr	I	I watch my fingers still drawing little circles as if of own their free will .
tr	I	Coach throws his clipboard the onto ground .
tr	O	In a moment the search program analyzes millions of opportunities , identifies the most suitable for the girl and activates the transfer .
tr	O	My body shook and I sobbed loudly .
tr	I	Now , how about we have fun some ?
tr	I	He had the visited hall , but no one had bothered to guard it .
tr	O	It seemed an eternity .
tr	O	She was still trying to deal with the double impact of that kiss along with sitting next to this extremely large , overly muscular man .
tr	I	Once , I 'm done in the bathroom , I down track Ms. Alice .
tr	O	' Whole mountains and cliffs and beaches where once there was nothing , style of thing . '
tr	O	They don 't have to ; they can use standing water to watch me .
tr	O	Later on , I 'd feel badly for scolding him .
tr	I	Verity intensified her grip and deepened massage the .
tr	I	We 're out the of culture now and they won 't be able to stop us .
tr	O	And you 're staying with them anyway ?
tr	O	It took Eleanor a moment to react .
tr	I	There was a world beyond her sight ; a world of shared experience that she couldn even 't comprehend .
tr	I	His full pouted lips .
tr	O	Friendly fire was blamed for the worst causality rate of its kind in US history .
tr	O	Mr. Winthrop is a bit of a ladies ' man .
tr	O	If he was really sorry he wouldn 't have bribed me to come to this place .
tr	I	The noise was in his as head well , it had become inescapable .
tr	O	In the living room , the front door slams , people shout .
tr	O	Colby licked his bone-dry lips .
tr	I	They seek out and destroy anything that deemed is Unnatural .
tr	I	He couldn get 't his mind around the last hour .
tr	I	This place is ; dangerous I must find prey and then a mate .
tr	O	Beth grabbed clothes , photos and lifetime memorabilia from Cari and her kids .
tr	O	She wanted the reminder of how their relationship had started with a hasty trip to a Vegas chapel .
tr	I	They too a deserved glorious death .
tr	O	Not all gods lived there , many of them being bound to a particular country or in the case of the smaller ones , even one tree .
tr	O	Is the fact that he 's reading your texts one of the reasons you needed a meeting ?
tr	I	She had no way of getting in with touch him and didn 't know where he lived or worked .
tr	O	He clenched his teeth together in annoyance before answering .
tr	O	I 'd walked into my room to find a black box labelled ' Noir ' and a smaller box with ' Gucci ' written on it .
tr	O	Amber hadn 't uttered a word since she left the Keep .
tr	O	The ATV rumbled beneath me as I surveyed the landscape stretching out to the horizon .
tr	I	I pushed against him I as felt a sharp pain on my neck .
tr	I	asked the longed nosed man masked .
tr	O	I was starting to sweat , which wasn 't helping matters .
tr	I	Are we being too hard on boy the ?
tr	O	He glanced down and saw that she was , indeed , clutching her weapon .
tr	O	She turned sideways to expose the full-length cutout of the soft white linen fabric .
tr	I	His fingers branded , leaving of trails heat wherever he touched .
tr	I	I was as exhilarated as was I terrified as I hurried along the lonely dirt road .
tr	I	Mad chewed Dog on his lower lip and squeezed his eyes shut .
tr	O	His brother 's eyes widened .
tr	O	What were people thinking ?
tr	I	She intended to everything wash .
tr	O	The wind was chilly , and I pulled my wonderful new fuzzy brown jacket around me .
tr	O	At least he was back to having his tea .
tr	I	They are far , too far away think to of .
tr	O	But this flight was different .
tr	O	I can 't remember the names now .
tr	I	She mumbled a unintelligible few curses at him and continued with her struggle .
tr	O	David tried hard to keep his breathing at a minimum volume .
tr	O	When he went downstairs to the street , the man in the brown leather jacket was still leaning against the post .
tr	I	After two thousand years of living , I assumed cockiness was something developed naturally .
tr	I	The look that crossed his handsome face said he didn 't like that very at much all .
tr	O	Reaching his own office , Trevor greeted Diana , personal assistant extraordinaire , before stashing his skis in the wide hidden closet behind her desk .
tr	I	Rick again himself caught staring at the rotating figure .
tr	I	Even Agnes 's lips were with trembling mirth .
tr	I	My insides are around shifting .
tr	I	He hadn 't pushed her to take more than she ready was to receive .
tr	O	You know how he is when he thinks that he has someone else and then realizes that they have already been drained .
tr	O	Dennis turned back to the human beside him .
tr	I	I wonder if my ma was excited to land here , if her head was full of peace and good and hope joy everlasting .
tr	I	And I had no to number return Robert 's call .
tr	I	Dean 's arms were around me again in an instant as I crumpled to back the floor .
tr	I	With a fluid speed he was down the stairs and out of house the .
tr	O	* Sugar , do this with grace because you don 't have a choice .
tr	O	Either grow some teeth or get eaten .
tr	O	Then he went back to his office , shaking his head as he went .
tr	I	The name alone a had sigh attached to it ... He was handsome , charming and witty , the most perfect man I had ever seen .
tr	O	Right now what Melanie needed was comfort and reassurance .
tr	I	After that , it was either back go to work or go crazy .
tr	O	Riley directed his warning toward Sam , and I rolled my eyes at his machismo .
tr	O	If you throw away the yardstick and stop thinking of time as a river it will start to make sense .
tr	I	Sugar seemed to have lost in interest the lip balm and the bottle of pills .
tr	O	I took a careful step away .
tr	I	She stared at carpet the .
tr	O	I 'm running out of time to ground you for the first time ever .
tr	I	The only way the worms the of world can connect to each other is through dying and returning to the most basic of things .
tr	I	What you 're doing ?
tr	O	Just dressing and thinking of him touching her hiked her heart rate .
tr	I	I saw the bedroom light flick on Christian as grabbed me by the sleeve and pulled me against the wall under the bedroom window .
tr	O	Chelsea is about seventeen , her hair 's dyed that bright red .
tr	O	A crest of coppery hair was plastered to her damp head .
tr	O	Here they encountered black craters of scorched earth , some as deep as five or six feet .
tr	I	So , to keep herself from something doing silly , Siri stood up , determined to examine her new home .
tr	O	I was sure that if you kept it up , your father 's enemies would see you .
tr	O	Does Dana 's father know his daughter is being used as collateral over Ashton 's head ?
tr	O	He lifted his hand to her hair , skimming his palm over one long tress before winding it around his finger .
tr	I	Surprised to see him , she thanked Mrs. Dennison her for information and excused herself .
tr	O	I didn 't want to deal with any emotions I couldn 't understand , much less control .
tr	I	He lifts Jack up off the ground his by collar .
tr	I	He was cursing luck his when the Call Centre Operator rang back .
tr	I	And he wanted all only that was good for her forever and always .
tr	O	I came to a halt and stared in shock .
tr	I	It was only matter a of time .
tr	O	I turned just in time to see an Asian girl with ripped and scuffed jeans heading toward me .
tr	I	However unwillingly , the obeyed soldiers .
tr	I	The ones at the top and almost out of reach ones and buried in deep .
tr	I	Come to think of it , how many more unwary people ended here up ?
tr	I	I don 't look back , I and don 't stop to listen .
tr	I	Shaking his head in disbelief , Matthew returned to the cell door , on pounding the heavy wood .
tr	O	He doesn 't believe in God either , or the Devil , so far as I know , but just the same he swears he saw it .
tr	I	Cindy nose 's spatters snot and blood .
tr	O	Thomas had confidence that if he were to die the organization would probably look out for his mother .
tr	I	Last year was the first year that I had ever Stone seen Hamilton .
tr	I	My third is I that 've abandoned so many already .
tr	O	When that failed , I would concede and give him his nausea medicine , which stopped his bowel movements for about a week .
tr	O	I say jokingly and everyone laughs including Alec .
tr	O	They were going to murder you .
tr	I	No , it has to someone be else .
tr	I	He lowered his hands , placing palms both on one knee .
tr	I	Everything in my life belonged some to other girl .
tr	O	She asked questions , took me to talk to a counselor , who told her that I was acting out because I needed more attention .
tr	O	Everyone got out and the Captain pointed a general direction towards where they should go .
tr	I	Hey , I 'm sorry didn we 't have time to get to know each other better .
tr	I	But was she his only child .
tr	I	He didn 't need further identification , since there was only one hardware store in town , and he was the only one who answered phone the .
tr	O	He had Rebecca all to himself , and nothing else mattered .
tr	O	She uses air quotes and rolls her eyes .
tr	I	Why else would they be in closet the ?
tr	O	Sebastian came up alongside her and pointed at the bonnet in her hand .
tr	O	Maybe this will help figure out what the adrenalin is , and how to get rid of it .
tr	I	' Who will take my now heart ? '
tr	O	Bobby presumed the ultimate hero was thinking about his own greatness .
tr	I	Pigeon realized he might not get another chance to ask questions , but no inquiries sensible came to mind .
tr	I	I toss my books onto the row of chairs lining the and wall head for Mrs. Collins 's office .
tr	O	You have every incentive .
tr	O	How old was I ?
tr	O	As the week wore on , the field was nearly tilled ; only the western corner remained .
tr	I	They laughed and one of the girls up pointed the street .
tr	O	She must have run both ways for she returned breathless .
tr	O	But the man was also brilliant , with a Mensa score that pushed him beyond genius .
tr	O	Georgie squeezed the phone .
tr	I	He tensed the under doctor 's touch .
tr	O	Wait a week , man .
tr	O	He just remained , standing in the darkness , letting the mist gather around him .
tr	I	Her sister was home and , apparently , her mother had survived night the .
tr	I	We just might survive this yet .
tr	I	Instantly , an official political popped website up .
tr	I	He shook head his .
tr	O	He thought longingly of the king-size mattress in Jack 's bedroom , but he 'd make do with the conditions he 'd been given .
tr	I	One was an shattering eye checkered tweed .
tr	O	I pointed the gun and pulled the trigger .
tr	O	I change the subject .
tr	O	The moon was bright and made her look angelic .
tr	I	I 'd still and try find Nancy , but I wasn 't going to do it from the club .
tr	O	She aimed at the man on the horse , pushed the button again , and saw a second flash light up the scene .
tr	I	Flattery sensed confusion in this answer and made a decision not to probe i. not ... yet .
tr	O	Not because I 'm shocked that he 's doing it .
tr	I	Or she maybe was only telling the truth about Esme 's personality , and what shaped it .
tr	I	But wasn Patience 't finished .
tr	I	That all 's that matters .
tr	I	She giggled never like before .
tr	O	Annie sucked in a breath and dared not look at his face .
tr	O	I have no problem with Mary .
tr	O	I tried mightily to pull up images of the great Musial and his muscled teammates running across the manicured green grass of Sportsman 's Park .
tr	O	He began by expressing his appreciation for giving him the opportunity to attend the Global Council .
tr	I	The way you carry yourself and the way you business conduct ... it 's all part of what attracted me to you .
tr	O	She remembered trying to ask the paramedic where she was , but the gray fuzziness had overcome her once again .
tr	O	She stared at him , feeling the crackle of tension between them .
tr	O	She wanted to grip and squeeze the whole package , but he pulled back .
tr	O	' Then enjoy her . '
tr	O	I just knew I had to get away from their questions before I said too much .
tr	O	All in all , it 's nothing trashy , but it 'll get me plenty of attention , I 'm sure .
tr	O	Luke folded his arms .
tr	I	The one time I actually did right something , Daemon bailed .
tr	O	Amber jumped off the bed and rounded it to help with his request .
tr	O	The university was not large , and the law department was small , even in proportion .
tr	I	Then paused he to actually think about it .
tr	I	I don 't to belong either side in this quarrel .
tr	O	He didn 't seem to notice me , like he was in some sort of trance .
tr	O	A witch and a hunter joining forces was no small feat .
tr	I	We have to super be careful with him .
tr	O	What else hadn 't happened today ?
tr	O	Mad Dog frowned up at her .
tr	O	And that made me remember the secrets I kept .
tr	I	The dragons two appear to speak to each other .
tr	O	Kiss her once , and she seemed to question it all .
tr	O	She had a home .
tr	I	Things had he spurned as a mortal man .
tr	O	The tallest Daimon grabbed the man .
tr	I	I promised to bring champagne I - hope nobody expects some expensive variety .
tr	O	Two minutes until it blared uncontrollably .
tr	O	Without a word of warning , I punched him in the nose to get his attention .
tr	I	The girl offers her me hand .
tr	I	I slipped between two marble monuments , and when I came out on other the side , he was waiting for me .
tr	I	It to wanted be near him .
tr	I	Abigail led the way , her using hands to climb .
tr	I	Claire seemed confused for a moment , her then face cleared .
tr	I	Blake ducked his head so he see could my eyes .
tr	O	She shook her head .
tr	O	The woman rebounded quickly and attacked the men .
tr	O	Billie closed her eyes and leaned into him .
tr	O	Jesse questioned Lightner rather relentlessly .
tr	O	The flawed head rights system guaranteed each tribe member a share of royalties but upon death permitted inheritance by non-Indian heirs .
tr	I	He took a couple steps of closer to me .
tr	O	It was early April and my mother had decided we would travel up to North Bay to visit her brother .
tr	I	She to wants know what I could possibly be writing in this journal that I can 't just come out and talk to her about .
tr	I	He the brushed hair from her cheek and his fingers lingered on her face as though he needed to touch her .
tr	O	Nicolas lay awake just watching over her .
tr	I	By time the I picked out the Brute that fired it , he had reloaded , this time taking aim at Collins .
tr	O	They were walking a broad ridge , and their progress brought them into the path of a breeze that coursed the valley .
tr	I	Michael stuck his right face in front if William 's .
tr	I	Still , he 'd been bastard a .
tr	O	She hurled the phone away as if it was a scorpion , and ran .
tr	I	He wasn 't sure if he interrupted 'd Sandra , but he didn 't particularly care .
tr	O	By now , I assumed she 'd forgotten me .
tr	O	The pickup just pulled up , blocked his vision for an instant , then wham !
tr	O	Stunned , because for as long as I 'd known her , I 'd never uttered anything remotely close to those words .
tr	O	Before changing , she glanced at her reflection in the small mirror .
tr	O	Stephan stopped at the door of the kitchen and took in the scene before him .
tr	O	' What are you playing at ? '
tr	O	Neil focused on Andrew 's cheekbone so as not to go cross-eyed and let Andrew study his eyes .
tr	O	Suddenly through the trees he could see the fence and , beyond the fence perhaps 300 yards in the distance , the old house .
tr	I	He 't didn want to get her in trouble .
tr	I	Then it to began shake , wobbling back and forth until it toppled onto its side .
tr	O	Jake kept his expression bland , but he stared extra hard at the man .
tr	I	Devon knew something of approval parental .
tr	O	The house smelled terrible and was absolutely filthy .
tr	I	His was mind made up .
tr	I	Her wounds too were extensive .
tr	O	It was a call to interrogate , to apply thought and learning and reason to all endeavours .
tr	O	She gazed up at Lucas .
tr	I	He could only lay there and wait for the end like some domesticated pet needed that to be put down .
tr	I	Her about feelings Jimmy were still raw , even though his death had happened nearly five years ago .
tr	I	You have a life new now .
tr	I	The Counts , and all their wickedness , need be to stopped .
tr	I	Not you even , Charles .
tr	I	She had the worn and weary strength of a spend life in service to others .
tr	I	Had the designer come clothes from him ?
tr	O	She surprised me yet again .
tr	O	As she rose , she answered the line but didn 't talk .
tr	I	I turn , hesitant because I am afraid what of I will find .
tr	O	Without hesitation , the young lady nodded .
tr	O	He couldn 't fathom how she came to be there , standing just a few feet away from him .
tr	O	Even with the pad under me , there were too many rocks and twigs to be comfortable .
tr	O	One by one , the British scouts crawled out of the tunnel until there were six crouched at the far end of the cavern .
tr	O	His baby would be a boy .
tr	O	Bradford scheduled a formal signing ceremony for Sunday when Mario was scheduled to be in Tampa .
tr	O	Frustrated , miserable and hurting , she scurried into the kitchen to help with the clean up .
tr	O	A shock of curly black hair spilled onto his shoulders from beneath a dirty red cap .
tr	O	Had this been some elaborate dream where I ended up in bed with Grant again ?
tr	I	Skylar had to slow down dramatically on this stretch of the road and made it Anna nervous that somehow their pursuers would catch up .
tr	I	I who love you are , what you are .
tr	I	Coming to very complete stops stop at signs .
tr	O	I couldn 't believe he was so cocky as to think I would actually want to be with him .
tr	O	Mira 's Come back echoed behind her .
tr	I	You are cooperating infernal with creatures that have no part in God 's law , and you are asking for us to help you .
tr	I	Willie came forward , and , to Ron 's surprise , jumped down to a small ledge that was barely the above water below the bank .
tr	I	The of possibility being kidnapped and tortured obviously added a new dimension to the projects .
tr	O	Especially when living with Grandma and Grandpa meant Whitney could sleep in her own bed while Allie worked .
tr	O	You can count on it .
tr	I	And you weren 't in middle the one .
tr	I	The cry Dog of came from behind him , pulling him out of his thoughts .
tr	I	I became that worried I might not react like others who could instinctively justify pulling the trigger .
tr	I	I almost missed it as it had been wedged between boxes two .
tr	I	Shane dashed forward , vaulted the gate , and helped stand Eve up from where Morley had shoved her .
tr	I	When you were cornered by the eel you didn 't just panic like most would , you attacked you when got the chance .
tr	I	He had admit to , even to himself , that he could hardly ever look scrawny .
tr	O	Just like the old times , he mumbled to himself , satisfied .
tr	O	I thought I knew which lady it was as well .
tr	I	Musical instruments are the village speciality 's , traditionally carved , lovingly created and packaged , then expensively priced !
tr	O	She wouldn 't have to hold a bridge over a horrendous distance in order to heal him .
tr	I	John switched the on computer and began searching for any information .
tr	O	I can 't imagine and pretend that one day my life will be fixed .
tr	I	Others thought it never would , it simply would keep going until it disappeared from sight .
tr	I	What does his have crash to do with you ?
tr	I	However , that didn 't stop Francisco from with identifying the American troops .
tr	I	A .22 will enter the body and bounce around inside it , turning your insides hamburger into .
tr	O	And it wasn 't her fault that she didn 't know how to deal with it all .
tr	I	Meyer did not what know to say .
tr	I	His gaze unwavering , he at glared the blond woman .
tr	I	But your dad told me you might not be here for very long and that I should handle affairs his .
tr	O	They plunged into the thick of the crowd in the dining room and mercifully he could no longer hear Billie or anyone else .
tr	I	Men and women still get married , kids have , live their lives .
tr	I	Inside cupboard the , I found what could only have been described as Annalise 's stash of sweets .
tr	O	Storm walked over and stood in front of her .
tr	I	She knew it was me before I said even a word through the aged wood .
tr	I	Is someone about to leap out from behind a houseplant and tell me I 've Punk been 'd or what ?
tr	I	This 't isn my home , thought Zook , looking around him in twisted awe .
tr	I	Fallon sensed Isabella her heightening talent .
tr	O	My fingers tightened around the blanket .
tr	I	The woods rise up quiet and dark around me as tears of frustration and humiliation begin stream to down my face .
tr	I	I 'm to going ask you outright .
tr	I	Here we go , thought I .
tr	O	Ryan was still reeling from Quinn 's words .
tr	O	The head was still biting in the air as if trying to eat something .
tr	O	resting her head on his shoulder with a petulant thud .
tr	O	She curled into a tight ball , sure that she was either going to be crushed by the roof or eaten alive by Titus .
tr	I	the asked vampire me .
tr	I	Ryan to had give the woman credit for her discretion .
tr	I	A cursed sword from Norse myth , it had forced its wielder to do murder every it time was unsheathed .
tr	I	Even she if 'd tried to resist , it would have been difficult .
tr	O	She walks over to the column to sit beside me .
tr	I	The colors clash and the orange rusty scarf trails in the dust on the floor , but it 's her .
tr	O	My movements were swift , too practiced , too fast , and in a fraction of a second , and I was standing in front of Brianna .
tr	I	It a was Friday .
tr	O	This is something different .
tr	I	She had no understanding of outside anything of his lips , his hands touching her waist and her back , pulling her closer .
tr	I	That 's what caught 's Jenna eye .
tr	O	Something scared them enough to make them run away .
tr	I	Errol with said wide eyes .
tr	O	He held a big white bag in front of him like a shield , printed with red Chinese characters .
tr	O	I 'm stuck here with animals whom we both know I hate .
tr	O	Brian turns and lets out a sound that comes off as something between a choke and a scream .
tr	O	She 'd never handled a weapon in her life .
tr	O	Before he pushed himself inside her and took them both where they needed to be .
tr	O	His face was set rigidly , like he was fighting some sort of memory in his head .
tr	I	I can it handle .
tr	O	She got enough weird things in her sleep , damn it , couldn 't her life be a little bit normal in the daytime ?
tr	O	Her servants brought her all the gossip .
tr	I	There was no reason for Hansen Elise to be accompanying Ray to Zurich .
tr	I	Red curtains draped down to feeling Astroturf brown carpet .
tr	O	She flicked ash out the cracked backseat window .
tr	I	She recognized Byron , but it was the man in of front him who drew her terrified gaze .
tr	I	I haven 't written anything publishable this until piece , what am I supposed to tell you ?
tr	O	But then , the whole sixth grade passed right out of her consciousness .
tr	O	You don 't know what I 've endured .
tr	I	I pushed on the door , and Andrew backward stumbled .
tr	I	After a moment the hum under skin my is gone and I can focus .
tr	O	This shot may merely blow off your frontal lobe .
tr	O	Everything about his demeanor had changed when I suggested using a Cast .
tr	I	Jude helped her and Alma the put horses and wagon away .
tr	I	He pulled a few crystals black from his pocket .
tr	I	His widened grin . '
tr	O	- Do you know why Laurence Fishburne is that man who stayed alive ?
tr	O	When she opened her mouth again , the only sound that came out was static .
tr	I	Gabby was already improvising on something the piano in the center of the dining room .
tr	O	Colonel Adani abruptly snapped to attention .
tr	O	And the poor thing had had to put up with Bubba last night .
tr	I	He didn 't let shock the show on his face .
tr	I	A year since she 'd him punched in the face .
tr	I	If she didn climb 't out of it , she 'd end up losing all respect for herself .
tr	I	I blushed at the mere of mention our tryst ; traitorous female cheeks .
tr	I	But their human instincts told them to run and so ran they .
tr	I	Even in the and chaos the smoke , she noted it ; it caught her eye .
tr	O	The little figures were made of blocks of wood , dangling from wires .
tr	I	He sat up , frowning , confused , and he then realized it was merely a dream -- an elusive dream he could not grasp .
tr	I	My head leans one to side .
tr	I	They all believed Mickey telling was the truth .
tr	I	By time the they reached the Regional Medical Center , Buddy had already been briefly examined .
tr	O	It wasn 't going to happen again .
tr	I	His first walk around the ward had nearly floored him ; but by his last he day was dressed and managing several circuits of the clinic grounds .
tr	O	Logan gave me a sad smile , then quickened his pace , leaving me alone at the back of the group .
tr	I	He slung her over shoulder his and started to run along the rooftops .
tr	O	~ ~ ~ Wow , Suzy had never seen a man run from a half-naked woman so fast .
tr	O	Something felt out of place to him about these particular humans .
tr	I	A couple of back farms the dragons of dark magic had caught up with her , joining in the hunt for food .
tr	O	Pure shock glimmered in his eyes but Alexa was already prepared .
tr	I	Hopefully , she 'd recover quickly and returned be to her mother .
tr	I	I finished my beer and set the empty bottle on top of two twenty bills dollar so the breeze wouldn 't blow them away .
tr	I	Their eyes met Robert and could see the misery in Jamie 's bloodshot eyes .
tr	O	He could not leave Max stranded .
tr	O	It was as if a part of him died along with it .
tr	I	I wanted to him grab .
tr	O	But he grew serious when she started to pull out her purchases .
tr	I	And she 'd been there when Rory been had tossed down in that flooded basement .
tr	O	Charity cocked her head to one side as she came closer to me , creepy and threatening even in the realm of imagination .
tr	I	I wondered what she meant that by .
tr	O	I guessed I could handle it so long as it rained other times as well .
tr	I	Wallace nodded they and passed me to supervise the unloading of the cart , leaving me wondering what they were talking about .
tr	I	And what of kind idiot rents out a run-down diner ?
tr	O	Once out of base camp , we would have no contact with the civilized world until we reached the trail end at the town of Lundy .
tr	I	As much as Cage had irritated her , he had saved her life and -- now , she and Shimmer were alone again .
tr	I	That 's fucking too long .
tr	I	They could cure illnesses in the Middle Ages could we only hope to fight against today .
tr	O	He raised a finger to his lips in a gesture of silence and , tugging gently on her hand , beckoned her to follow him .
tr	O	I understood that I might not get back up .
tr	O	The entire scientific community is working to unravel the mystery of the consciousness ; how it is the way it is .
tr	O	God , she was just so damn beautiful !
tr	O	We showered and made love in the shower .
tr	O	he asked examining an indentation and crack at the rear of the skull .
tr	I	Emma if wondered they feared that the minute they left the room , she 'd abscond with the Christmas presents .
tr	I	Her dad 's voice floated out the through study door .
tr	I	Aris snapped his head back to look at Thomas , who had been so focused on the room strange he 'd missed another chance to do something .
tr	O	Lamar said details were sketchy .
tr	I	Or some tea strawberry .
tr	I	She pushed away from doorway the and forced herself to get ready for bed , washing her face and brushing her teeth .
tr	I	I stared blankly at her face excited .
tr	O	How difficult had it been to find herself saddled with a daughter who rode emotions like a wild stallion ?
tr	I	Considering happened what at the cemetery , I had to agree .
tr	I	She smiled and his tightened chest .
tr	O	Something flickered in his eyes before he looked away .
tr	I	Jordan hooked his thumbs into the waistband of jeans his and looked at the ground .
tr	I	But moment that had passed .
tr	O	She hauled the bike up onto the porch and opened the ( unlocked ) door .
tr	O	Matt was holding the fighting stave out to her .
tr	I	And Edward was in back record time .
tr	O	A crumpled ball of leaves , a bit of cloth , a huge knot of twine all pressed and laced together into a neat little nest .
tr	O	she asks , swallowing tightly , as though dreading the idea of repeating what 's happened .
tr	O	How long could it take for two grown males to catch a boy ?
tr	I	I 'll go to back the workshop .
tr	I	I my shook head .
tr	O	Masked by Crewe 's fitful tossing and turning , I glide from atop Cy 's covers onto the floor beside his bed .
tr	O	The mare watched her closely , wanting to see what she might be up to .
tr	I	She shaking starts her head .
tr	O	Since finding him alive , she 'd allowed herself to nurture hope and tiny dreams .
tr	I	The elders were fond of talking about it , and he once enjoyed the stories they had about creatures magical and evil ones that lived among them .
tr	I	As we reach the middle , I realize this is not right , is something wrong .
tr	I	She waved Eugenia as and Carl went through the door .
tr	O	I let loose the first arrow .
tr	O	She 'll be fine there and she 's used to sleeping either with me or Evie .
tr	O	Mary 's lifeless , brown eyes begged Noelle to save her husband from his own prison of grief and self-loathing .
tr	O	I leaned against the rusty wall , out over the distant black water , which stirred in the wind and distorted the reflection of the moon .
tr	O	He 'd settled beside a small hole in the metal building and had the barrel of his rifle inserted through the opening .
tr	I	As was it , he was familiar with the need that rode him so hard .
tr	O	This is what Edmund was talking about when he said the people had too many blessings .
tr	I	I felt like jumping and up down , but kept myself grounded .
tr	I	Even drained , the juice me in would harm her and she looked near death already .
tr	O	Just then , as if on cue Deepa came in with a large tray full of food .
tr	O	Instead of his sweet Ella , it was like picking up Suzy for a date .
tr	O	The first image was of her grandson Danny running around a yard playing with a puppy .
tr	I	He stepped out of the shadows and into direct the sunlight on the terrace .
tr	I	Jason at glared her .
tr	O	He really didn 't want to be alone , despite his apparent aloofness .
tr	I	She felt huge a thorn came out of her chest .
tr	I	I made harder life for you .
tr	O	This was a definite possibility .
tr	I	Who my did parents send ?
tr	O	I would in turn write a $ 200,000 check to the sellers for each of the first two months , then my client would replenish the account .
tr	O	I had to admit that I didn 't miss the job but I did enjoy the work .
tr	O	What kind of name is that ?
tr	O	He could smell her arousal , feel the need for satisfaction tearing through her as it was tearing through him .
tr	O	One small fight had remained , two men grappling over a sword , and then a third man had joined them , but they were gone now .
tr	I	A second later , though , it hit her : Cheating on Nick with Ian made her no better her than mother .
tr	I	He 'd learned that the hard way , when he 'd gotten trouble in for calling Claire too many times .
tr	I	Are you a lamb to the cull like your poor friend or are you a mighty eagle , your wings beating against the winds change of ?
tr	O	Will hoped to be able to navigate their way north , slipping in and out of cover .
tr	I	I don 't what know the two of you are chomping at each other 's throats over .
tr	O	With a scream she flew past her mother and lunged at Kip Rayburn .
tr	I	I my hoped bluff wasn 't too obvious .
tr	O	Who would have told her ?
tr	I	It must be so hard to remember not what happened to you , to be completely unaware of things .
tr	I	She hadn 't dared to even hope this for .
tr	I	You can 't save everyone and you are doing remarkable things for those you touched have .
tr	I	Been really worried you since disappeared .
tr	O	It was spacious , with a queen-sized bed taking up the center of the room .
tr	I	Reuben 't couldn move .
tr	I	Honest , Rich , I was beginning look to forward to meeting her .
tr	O	A small breeze would rustle them , revealing silvery greens , muted pinks , and red vein like threads .
tr	I	Besides , my insides already were carnage .
tr	I	The colors were everywhere , some individual burning and lines some entwined like string wound into rope - stronger , thicker for being joined .
tr	I	While LaSalle was getting rich through his friends at Court , Louis had gone to Paris to cartography study at the Sorbonne .
tr	I	And with a smile this on gorgeous face .
tr	O	Shane crouched down and reached inside the bag , pulling out a crossbow , but it wasn 't set .
tr	I	There is to be servants a ' ball tomorrow night at The Ledge .
tr	O	Love said , and laughed .
tr	O	I had to lie hidden in the woods for many days until I was able to travel again .
tr	O	I 'll give her a couple of days or so before sending the video .
tr	I	The youngest , always piping up with own his take on things , striving to be heard amongst the others .
tr	O	But hearing Mia call him remarkable meant more than a million accolades from fans ever could .
tr	I	It was something he 't hadn done for years .
tr	O	I quickly got up on my feet and brought out my leg and tried to kick at the monster .
tr	I	You wouldn 't even him recognize .
tr	O	I might start to choke on my words soon .
tr	O	I have to do it .
tr	O	Painter returned his attention to Rafael .
tr	I	If I ever proof needed that Ash still loved Ariella , here it was .
tr	O	The flickering firelight within the main house made it clearly visible through the darkness .
tr	O	He brought his finger and thumb together once more , wanting to relive the glorious moment .
tr	I	She scratched the side of her neck and a swatted fly away .
tr	O	He was enjoying the feel of her breasts pressed against him .
tr	O	Ink didn 't like being told what to do .
tr	I	Theresa thought for a moment as she stared at the in screen front of her .
tr	I	Marco asked with a dimpled of smile his own .
tr	I	I had to concentrate on all keeping of us free of the illusions .
tr	I	I suppose that ... doesn that 't happen in heaven .
tr	I	We talked it out in I ways hadn 't expected .
tr	I	He probably hasn 't sent assassins because he doesn 't think 'm I worth the trouble .
tr	I	They called the races other monsters .
tr	O	W alter and Helene Campbell were in their mid-sixties , retired , comfortable but not wealthy .
tr	O	And I 'm going to make it so damn good .
tr	I	His comes voice out muffled .
tr	O	The villagers were sullen , suspicious of him .
tr	O	Claude , still on the phone at her ear , answered her more directly .
tr	I	But they weren safe 't .
tr	I	You play at being nonchalant so , but you care what people think too .
tr	O	He kissed her again , nearly devouring her .
tr	I	I right ran by the scene in the entry and to the girls ' bedroom .
tr	O	Interestingly , I always know when someone touches any one of my books .
tr	I	she asked as they walked the toward door .
tr	I	Eva asked if he would like something to eat , the and first unrestrained joy came to his face .
tr	O	The closer I draw to the quay , the louder the sound of fighting becomes .
tr	O	She moved between them and grabbed the back of the chair and began giving me a lap dance .
tr	I	He thought the Scorpion soldier looked more like a grim reaper than someone who was there for personal his protection and service .
tr	I	He laughed , too , and put one up hand to his eyes .
tr	O	She hated that she was still attracted to him after all this time , even more so now that he was acting all alpha male on her .
tr	I	That he was a man one trust could to lean upon .
tr	I	I wish I 'd had to time fix it , but it just wasn 't possible .
tr	O	Bimbo looked down , and a moment later , surprise came into her eyes .
tr	O	Athens if you would like to be near your relatives .
tr	I	Opting for frozen waffles and sausages , they waited for them cook to and watched the minutes tick by .
tr	I	From the sound of the shuffling I that knew whatever the source or sources were they were very close .
tr	I	The Lords and Ladies restless grow .
tr	O	In his eyes , you were his to care for and protect .
tr	I	I hadn 't pride taken in it in a long time .
tr	I	The shock on Jacob 's face melted into a look so hopeful that my heart leaped my in chest .
tr	O	The cat 's stench invaded his lungs , clung to every part of the chef 's private quarters and in the kitchen .
tr	I	This is an historic enameled antique vase from Greece showing Pegasus ( Hippo means horse in Greek . )
tr	I	Kenji wasn 't that into anime either , but he had to admit loved he Ribbon no Kishi .
tr	O	He was so badly hurt .
tr	I	he in asked a polite tone .
tr	I	It 's almost like he feels the weight of the memory the same way do I .
tr	O	Though I feel like adding that some of us did vomit at the walls to decorate it further .
tr	O	A few men even turned and ran , certain the veil to the spirit world had opened and revealed a specter .
tr	I	She was present my .
tr	I	he shouted over the sound the of engine .
tr	I	Dario her helped down the rock by the same path they had climbed up .
tr	I	Simon fell asleep thinking on how he would tell his mum that he failed had .
tr	O	they asked in unison .
tr	O	She owed him nothing .
tr	I	My head hurt with anger her .
tr	I	I in breathe the sweet scent of the outside world .
tr	O	More ibuprofen waited for her on the nightstand .
tr	O	But walking on it hurts .
tr	O	No one had said that to Budda before .
tr	O	She steadied the door so it would not blow wide open .
tr	I	That 's what was it .
tr	I	Rico tapped the quick-release and mechanism she was free .
tr	O	These Davies would have answers , I was sure of it .
tr	I	At the third room down , I jiggled the knob on the off that chance it had been left unlocked .
tr	O	You are still changing .
tr	I	The next was step to drive up to Miami and visit their families .
tr	O	Stock markets were soaring to record levels .
tr	I	She got up , hand her lingering on Diego 's knee until the last minute .
tr	O	There weren 't many clever men in this field , in truth .
tr	O	And the horse let him .
tr	I	She struggled to her feet , her favoring impaled leg .
tr	I	' There was so much do to .
tr	O	He took another step closer to her , his nostrils filling up with the sweet scent of her .
tr	I	It surely was enough .
tr	I	I at coughed the allusion that I was Wonder Woman 's alter ego , but Steven continued .
tr	I	He arched eyebrow an .
tr	I	He went to greet them happily , until he sight caught of Claire 's face .
tr	I	She grabbed it , snapping the wood over her knee one in quick move .
tr	I	He felt that there was no good trying to her make do what she did want to .
tr	O	She bent down beside him and touched her hand to his cheek .
tr	O	The only person he recognized was one of the gentlemen who had been at his father 's funeral , Mr. Samuel Lyon .
tr	O	There it went again from another place !
tr	O	He was unaware the city was meticulously planned to be in harmony with the natural elements of the landscape including its outcrops of boulders and scattered vegetation .
tr	O	But thanks to them , he knew Isabelle most probably was carrying their child .
tr	O	It was the queen who looked away first .
tr	I	For every one who fell apart under their own agony , there were two who more just returned back to their work .
tr	I	Sometimes I have nightmares , especially when the makes therapist me dig really deep into my hidden thoughts .
tr	O	She had too many emotions locked in her notebook .
tr	I	Away from line the of fire .
tr	I	In fact , loved I it .
tr	O	We can 't climb over it or go round it , so we 'll have to aim for the gap at the head of the valley .
tr	O	He runs his hands over the metalwork .
tr	I	But I didn 't want that night to be as remembered an obstacle , when in reality , it 'd been our launching pad .
tr	I	Jez was sat at the kitchen table , sipping dark at tea .
tr	O	I wanted to follow her to where Cale was standing off at the side backstage and rip what little hair she had out of her head .
tr	I	Her body still shivered over all with zips of energy .
tr	O	He could see a blue speck , but nothing that looked much like a billboard .
tr	I	His gemstone eyes from went lighthearted to intense in a flash .
tr	I	Donovan his closed eyes and rubbed his forehead wearily .
tr	O	' If you don 't , my device will ensure you all die tonight . '
tr	O	he asks as if he 's some deity unworthy of my gaze .
tr	O	Cassie 's hands clenched , she could still feel Devon , but she couldn 't see him as the future world rushed up around her .
tr	O	I didn 't watch her leave .
tr	O	He bats at her fingers , but he 's playing .
tr	I	After only a few moments , reached he her .
tr	O	It was great that he could make other people feel safe and secure and smiley , but that was just not me right then .
tr	O	He moved slowly to the side of the bed and reached down to take hold of Bash 's wrist to take his pulse .
tr	O	As were leaving , Vince had a satisfied look on his face .
tr	O	Apparently someone up for promotion doesn 't like us .
tr	I	Then he around looked .
tr	O	That is all I can tell you .
tr	O	I didn 't want to talk and Nate seemed afraid to open his mouth to allow room for skewering to commence .
tr	O	Out beyond those stars yawn the gulfs from whence my mindless mistresses have sent me .
tr	I	At first she laughed to herself but she then felt the inclination to cry .
tr	I	Mariana nods at once him .
tr	O	They were getting on like a house on fire and he hoped they could become best mates , at least until the holiday was over .
tr	I	Happy because I am out of my own head for while a .
tr	I	I have ideas other .
tr	O	He would be pissed since I told him no one delivered out here .
tr	I	The was door shut , and the horses trotted off .
tr	O	At that point , the whole building could be burning down and she wouldn 't care .
tr	I	Having become more sympathetic to Celia Shaw , whom I 'd been quite prepared to dislike , I continued along scrolling .
tr	I	Gizmo and Marco were silent both as they tried to assimilate the information .
tr	I	Adriana was thrilled by the call phone and wanted to come over that very moment to see him .
tr	I	She just wanted get to back to Levi .
tr	O	An edge of terror kept them jumping at every croak and hoot from the nighttime swamp .
tr	O	One of the most intriguing features was a set of ten feet tall wind chimes hanging high overhead made of wood of various colors and grain patterns .
tr	O	This room is normally reserved for our wealthiest patients .
tr	I	Rogan 's was power incredible .
tr	O	He had to restrain a sudden impulse to take her in his arms again .
tr	O	Which , I guess , was now .
tr	I	He sucked in his breath put and pressure on my left hip with his palm .
tr	I	We were far enough away the from slopes that we weren 't in direct danger .
tr	O	Killers on her trail .
tr	O	Caroline looked from her mother to the butler .
tr	I	Tasha nodded once , her eyes never his leaving .
tr	O	Running my right hand over my head - which should have been smooth - I was stunned to feel long , thick locks of hair .
tr	O	Smudge prefered a ride in a boat with a family member more than any other mode of transportation .
tr	I	Just when she thought she could go no Maya farther finally spotted her goal .
tr	I	Maybe a lion mountain .
tr	O	She stepped into the dark , cold environment of the steakhouse and scanned the sparse luncheon crowd .
tr	O	Night had slowly fallen and the two stood there in the moonlight , as the waves softly hit and the crickets chirped .
tr	O	His curriculum included subjects that far surpassed the average grade school program .
tr	O	Her body melted against his .
tr	I	Chapter Twenty-two A Sad End , A New Beginning appointed Benedict his very best footman to stand watch by his aunt 's house .
tr	I	At least he could make sure he was with the person right .
tr	O	Put order in this case , as soon as possible .
tr	O	They lapsed into silence .
tr	I	He gave her the happy bark wagged and his tail as he dug in .
tr	I	Zeke already had taken her virginity .
tr	I	And then the order came down the line to firing cease .
tr	I	Jess favored Alex a with frosty glare .
tr	O	Her body wobbled unsteadily as the drug began to take effect .
tr	O	He returned to the camp .
tr	I	She was too staring busy at his foot .
tr	O	When is the water coming ?
tr	I	That all is God wants from us .
tr	I	My father died when I an was infant .
tr	O	He waved them all farther back .
tr	O	No more than five minutes later , a car door shut outside .
tr	I	But here she was , in love with him , and he her loved .
tr	I	Thanks to my PA , Chris , who does her best to keep me organized , even when we 're juggling tasks fifteen at once .
tr	O	To the naked eye , it seems as if my sister had suddenly been replaced by empty space .
tr	O	And suddenly , everything I 'm touching is setting on fire .
tr	I	Rema knew could she do this .
tr	O	Diana took a bite of rice .
tr	O	The only thing she could do was clench his stiff uniform shirt and continue to bleed out her emotions .
tr	I	I hesitated , wondering if I was creating an unhealthy situation myself for .
tr	I	It a 's bit cold .
tr	O	There was some sorrow in his eyes , though it was well concealed .
tr	O	He twisted his legs around to the lower step of the deck for comfort .
tr	I	I could push negative out thoughts of my head much more easily when I got lost in music .
tr	I	Then their power faded and they became a whisper in Darkness the .
tr	I	His was voice petulant again .
tr	O	Her gaze searched his .
tr	I	I couldn 't help up glancing at Edward 's face as I spoke .
tr	I	She paused in upper the hallway , leaning against the wall and closing her eyes .
tr	I	It looked like the room was under construction with cans of paint , plastic on the floor , tools and laid in neat piles along the walls .
tr	I	He 't didn want food , he wasn 't protecting his territory , he just liked to kill .
tr	I	I sighed and ignored her as I grabbed the 's band drinks .
tr	I	I guess he figured a French name would do in of lieu a diploma from a French culinary school .
tr	I	Then the beautiful woman laid her hand Sebastian on 's shoulder and spoke : - Mia , Sebastian , we have to go .
tr	O	She had kept her elder brothers busy , raising them .
tr	I	Adrian stepped close to one of the elaborate tombs , his hands clenched together , back his to his two guests .
tr	I	There have been several people who said they have seen the old man looking out the window of house the between the signs .
tr	I	In his mind , blood ties ran deep , loyalty ran even deeper and his uncle had his been only friend in a conflicted upbringing .
tr	I	Hers no was less tremulous .
tr	I	She in was control of her dreams and him .
tr	I	He wrapped his arms her around front , his hands crossing over her belly .
tr	I	And as much as they despise each other , and Father Elliott can work together .
tr	O	Skull lifted the seed out of the glass cylinder and placed it on her palm .
tr	O	Anyhow , during our investigation we discovered quite a long juvie record .
tr	I	We back are on Michigan Avenue .
tr	O	He handed her the light and came to stand next to her .
tr	O	He fought the attacker off and called the police .
tr	I	Nicole tries to smile , giving me half a smile .
tr	O	Danny begins to play with the remnants of bread on the tablecloth .
tr	I	he asked , his gaze to traveling Biff and Todd .
tr	O	Josh grabbed her protectively .
tr	O	He was not saving it up for anything important or anything at all .
tr	O	So was James 's son , Rand , but the youngster got some signal from his father and excused himself .
tr	I	Wrapped his around hips .
tr	O	This city under the mountains is a resting place .
tr	I	A question better is , what 's it got to do with Rome 's Revolution ?
tr	I	I threw away what we had to a marry woman I never should have been with .
tr	O	I told it all .
tr	I	On each package she had attached a blue label on which the contents the of box was handwritten .
tr	I	Only the Spiritual Guides can enter Satan 's domain be and allowed to return .
tr	O	It is your lucky day .
tr	I	It ´ s to difficult listen to .
tr	O	That lovely , fuzzy head feeling was almost gone .
tr	O	The only thing he would lose is the respect of the only fish that was nice to him .
tr	O	Sienna smiled , pleased at being recognized , and clearly amused by the young man 's reaction .
tr	I	He must have been unconscious for hours the ; blue time was here .
tr	O	Nothing like a couple shots of whiskey or scotch to take that edge off and make the guilt and pain go away .
tr	I	How she healed was ?
tr	O	He turned on his thermal scanner .
tr	O	And it was total bull shit that he sucker punched me for leaving you on the bridge .
tr	I	Or anyone I that ever heard .
tr	O	Harald seemed to read my thoughts .
tr	I	Get used it to .
tr	O	Lucius avoided his father 's eyes .
tr	I	Those footprints too were large .
tr	I	She knew something was different about Benji , but she 't didn want to believe it .
tr	I	It was like watching someone emerge from a haze white of smoke .
tr	I	I envisioned the young men marching into the woods laden with electronic gear , fancy coffee makers and cartons of REI boil a in bag meals .
tr	O	The tiny shining speck gets bigger and bigger , and then it suddenly explodes into a bright flaming ball .
tr	O	Truthfully , not only was she pissed , but she was disheartened and wondered what had happened to the Jason she actually liked .
tr	I	His is voice soft .
tr	O	Gears inside strained , then stripped , as he forced the barrel parallel to the hotel 's exterior .
tr	I	Clearing her throat , she told herself just to say it .
tr	O	I held my tongue .
tr	O	Judging from their expressions , he wasn 't saying very nice things .
tr	I	Not that you aren 't worthy of trust , Vin Mistress .
tr	O	He reformed back across the mat from me .
tr	O	Had he been so sure of her decision ? '
tr	I	' In return you get precious your Santa Rosa , gift-wrapped , with all debts cleared .
tr	I	They could not walk away from it , no matter how far went they .
tr	I	Body surfing in crashing the waves .
tr	O	the young citizens scatter into the hallways and along the walls leaving my eyesight .
tr	I	As I to began launch into an extravagantly pessimistic diatribe about our fate Jock 's face broke into a grin which developed into a disquieting laugh .
tr	O	The healthy , clear-eyed boy I saw a few days ago has lost at least fifteen pounds and developed a nervous tremor in his hands .
tr	I	She studied reflection her .
tr	I	Nothing I haven 't before heard .
tr	O	She figured she 'd gone through enough flour in the past week to take care of the Midwest wheat crop .
tr	O	By the time we manage to regain control over ourselves , the small boat has already arrived back on Innocents .
tr	I	And she would have let anyone away else with it .
tr	I	We want to save lives the of our family members , our friends .
tr	O	He spread his napkin out on his lap .
tr	I	A smooth voice said from me behind .
tr	I	She knew she chattering was aimlessly , but couldn 't seem to stop .
tr	I	There 't wasn one .
tr	O	Maybe she was more interested in geography or mathematics .
tr	I	It took us hours we until were able to reach real shelter .
tr	O	I knew who the evil one really was .
tr	O	Once on the ground , he gave his mother an awkward smile .
tr	O	With that tacit permission , Lexie entered his room and took a seat on the bed .
tr	I	I want to cover myself and at yell her , but I don 't .
tr	O	She wrapped her coat tighter .
tr	I	His own lower back ached after in hours the same posture .
tr	O	It 's time for a new one , canny and ruthless .
tr	I	We move in unison downwards we as fire , moving closer and closer to our saviours .
tr	I	Del a stood there , head tilted if as listening and staring off in the direction Chan had disappeared , no doubt making sure he 'd left .
tr	O	He looks away for a moment and I watch his jaw clench .
tr	I	Even so , the place filled was to capacity .
tr	O	I 'm grounded for two weeks .
tr	I	Sometimes we feel as if we had reached the summit of happiness and at the other times we feel that we had fallen a into huge abyss .
tr	I	I 'd like to take them down a peg two or .
tr	I	She broke away and put her arm more once in his .
tr	O	Trystan tried to be content feeling the smooth skin on her hand , but he wanted more .
tr	O	Still annoyed about the previous day with the young women , she wondered how she would make it through this one .
tr	O	The uniform at the house was a young PC called Macintosh .
tr	I	Then , all of a sudden , realized she that she hadn 't seen the ghost actually get stabbed .
tr	I	I curse myself for the all showin ' off .
tr	O	She was almost thirty-one years old and her father was acting like he had a right to ask .
tr	O	He guessed Heinrich didn 't like to be ignored .
tr	I	It 't ain that bad .
tr	O	For his own good , and Marley 's , he needed to stay out of it in the future .
tr	O	He began briefing Lars as soon as he finished .
tr	I	Van kept shaking her head as Miranda made her way back over to where was she sitting .
tr	I	I flipped on the nightlight in Jonathan 's room so William could tuck in him bed .
tr	I	Jordan was poking at a dried clump of with seaweed a driftwood stick .
tr	I	He waited the until two beasts were ready before flipping a further panel open .
tr	O	Yes , it is only true .
tr	I	Thankfully , Marcie always was an attentive and energetic partner .
tr	I	He is who afraid runs around like a headless chicken .
tr	O	We struggle for a moment until I swing my elbow back , hitting him in the stomach .
tr	I	But now that knew he what he wanted , he had no problem taking risks .
tr	I	Francesca looks from the stack bills of back to my face .
tr	I	I could guessed have he 'd say that .
tr	O	Caroline didn 't want to go into too much boring detail and ruin what was turning out to be a pleasant lunch .
tr	O	The body stopped moving .
tr	O	' Great , see you in a minute . '
tr	I	She started to see in figures the shadows now -- shifting and gliding along , advancing in all directions .
tr	O	But I came here , I suspect , the same way you did , through the Core .
tr	I	He could tell by her eyes that behind that smile , there nervous was angst .
tr	I	But you also made own your enquiries into Stephen Carman ?
tr	I	There had to be something to tell me to what think .
tr	O	And damn , that tugged at him far more than if she 'd been spitting green fire .
tr	I	My is chest tight with anxiety .
tr	O	She 'd never die .
tr	O	I imagined all the ways this weekend could go wrong .
tr	O	And then , sometime around two in the morning , a phone rings .
tr	O	~ ~ ~ When I regained consciousness , I realized I was looking down a precipice filled with jagged rock .
tr	I	No ... I guess I 'd just , probably unfairly , thought he see 'd me through anything .
tr	O	Helped her find her heart .
tr	O	If he couldn 't reach her in time , he 'd sign off and blame it on a faulty connection .
tr	O	And as a kid he had been scandalized by the bad punctuation .
tr	O	He answered me like the smartass that he was .
tr	O	I asked , hoping to politely deflect him .
tr	O	Just like our love is going to make Lauren strong again .
tr	I	He continued watching her while she slowly moved the toward stairs .
tr	I	I at thought him .
tr	I	He stared those at of us in the doorway for a moment before taking off down the stairs .
tr	I	Yes , these men right were .
tr	O	And heaven knew where it might have ended .
tr	O	He knelt beside his friend .
tr	I	They even never found all the bits .
tr	I	It is gloomily suspected that there is only one who is big , hairy has and very large feet .
tr	O	Lea was actually throwing a feint , and she could see that Payton was going to move to the right .
tr	I	We all managed to fall asleep , but we did so hungry , cold , very and uncomfortable .
tr	O	Then he caressed the words of that last sentence until they shone as brightly as the apple the serpent offered Eve .
tr	O	And it 's not good .
tr	I	Funny thing , of all the extraordinary revelations around existing me , that was foremost on my mind .
tr	O	You can take all the time you need to help me understand .
tr	O	Inside , she throws up on the toilet bowl .
tr	O	It was a small four-seater .
tr	I	No one like felt talking .
tr	O	But it didn 't seem kind to her .
tr	O	After agreeing to at least meet with Casey , Claire leaves relieved .
tr	I	So the walk-in freezers were out , and so was the one I 'd hauled the body out of , it since would have far less air .
tr	O	The two men had already boarded their chopper , prepping it for a hop .
tr	O	As the split second of irritation passed , Ion shook his head .
tr	O	She bathed him in liquid heat and sent pleasure coursing through his body .
tr	O	I suppose we could find a suitable location in the Midwest that would serve the nation well .
tr	O	He doesn 't make idle threats .
tr	I	She shrugged , staring at the words the on page again .
tr	I	She caressed jaw his absently .
tr	O	But logic had always taken a back seat where he was concerned .
tr	O	And they had helped themselves to the clothing I brought over for Caden and the others .
tr	I	I tried 've his and I don 't like them .
tr	O	They checked the system and our names weren 't assigned to any room .
tr	O	He stood , invisible like me , on the other side of the street .
tr	I	She always was intimidated by him .
tr	I	The was SOB dead wrong .
tr	O	The desire etched into his features was about to undo her .
tr	O	If I were to stay , I 'd just go on being miserable , making everyone around me miserable .
tr	O	But that 's not what I meant .
tr	O	Did I kill that man ?
tr	O	Will 's stomach reminded him he 'd missed breakfast .
tr	O	I searched for the closest pizza place , hit call , then glanced up at her pretty blue eyes .
tr	I	Before turning to the door , he threw me a of piece paper .
tr	I	My stood friend off to the side , yelling instructions .
tr	O	I shiver just thinking about the predator .
tr	I	He notes had to write up from the sea monster dissection .
tr	O	Soon my words blur into whispered promises .
tr	I	Bennett the Bulldozer struck in gold the late eighties when he invaded the rolling hills of the Virginia countryside .
tr	O	I wish I could know more about what happened .
tr	I	I suddenly wondered what Mr. Stone would of think the little house I grew up in .
tr	O	Sophia sipped the wine thoughtfully .
tr	O	As I drew closer , I realized it was my cell phone .
tr	O	I promised Robert that I would tell you as soon as you were well .
tr	O	Do you understand what I 'm getting at ? '
tr	I	During the days , I worked at establishing a new territory ; in evenings the I 'd drive around looking for a house we could buy .
tr	I	26 The aging trailer sat on the last concrete slab in the last row of the Palms Desert Trailer Court .
tr	I	He grimaced frowned and .
tr	I	Victoria just rolled her eyes and what did Genie exactly did yesterday in her house .
tr	I	The fact that Frey assigned him the Twelfth only Ward partially explained his pains .
tr	O	When the truck reaches below my position , I pounce , landing hard on the top of the small truck .
tr	I	His was accent thick .
tr	O	Nor would he talk to Dr. Jenkins about anything .
tr	O	Bearing the poise and grace of a woman born to privilege , she nevertheless seemed open and accessible .
tr	O	I believe I 've kept you from picking up a very large load of weapons this evening .
tr	O	The door to Roy 's office opened and his wife walked in with a tray of coffee and freshly baked cookies .
tr	O	I trail behind her through the parking lot , focusing on the patches and lines of tar as we walk .
tr	O	I turned it around and fired it in his general direction .
tr	I	He everything saw but people , large or small .
tr	O	Ben looked like he didn 't even want to know the next part .
tr	O	The sight cheered him .
tr	I	If you attack me , I promise I will destroy completely you .
tr	O	He went to her and she wrapped her arms around him , hugging him close .
tr	I	I didn 't belong in his world , never could fit into it .
tr	O	Fuck , what am I doing ?
tr	I	She nodded slowly , her biting lip .
tr	O	A valet was yelling at him to move his junky POS from in front of the Hilton Hotel , but Ryder ignored him .
tr	I	She truly she felt was giving her students the other side of the story of religion and its place in history .
tr	I	That why 's we seek aid from local authorities wherever we can .
tr	O	Did the Healer come by to discharge us ?
tr	O	Francesca curled her fingers around his wrist , brushed her body close to his to offer comfort .
tr	I	You 're the only I person want , Scorch .
tr	O	The blood was still warm and smelt vaguely metallic .
tr	I	I 'd only chew my off lipstick .
tr	I	His face dipped closer and I braced , every of part me .
tr	I	We spent an inordinate of amount time on the Olympians , the Greek gods who ruled the universe and who would decide my fate .
tr	I	Usually she just poked her head in , but curious about Simon lab 's , she entered and closed the door behind her .
tr	O	No way are her eyes really that narrow and sharp , or her cheekbones so well defined .
tr	I	A pluses in one every .
tr	O	Perfectly not my type .
tr	O	She 'd been so right .
tr	I	In April 1957 , an article appeared in Daily Variety Where : to go in April ?
tr	O	Something in the depths of her blue eyes told the sheriff that his hat would be staying on his own head today .
tr	O	I nodded , my eyes cast down as I passed Oliver .
tr	O	So imagine how special she felt when he finally did ask her out on a date .
tr	I	Her gaze went slowly back the to paper .
tr	O	Ezra retreated into his kitchen , his back to her .
tr	O	Brennan grabbed Daniel 's collar and hauled him to his feet .
tr	O	Jordan 's voice dropped to a conspiratorial whisper .
tr	O	He leaned back on his hands .
tr	O	Open this door this minute .
tr	O	She 'd always been the wild child , the love 'em and leave 'em type , even seven years ago at University .
tr	O	Many bats and humans gather .
tr	I	She breathed in and out , the letting air calm her nerves .
tr	O	A chill washed over her at how close they 'd come to destroying the love between them .
tr	O	The zombies overturned the cars , smashed the windshields , broke down the doors , whatever it took to get at the scrumptious meal inside .
tr	O	He suspected the chief knew this and had played a devious hand .
tr	O	The candles actually held electric globes and were alight , which meant power had to be supplied by a small generator inside the cake .
tr	O	Tickets were at a premium , and often distributed through a lottery .
tr	I	Judith left , and re-started Caroline the tape .
tr	O	Chapter Seventeen Silence stretched thick and long in the car , and finally , McKenzie had no choice but to remove her jacket .
tr	O	The smaller one walked forward and helped me to my feet .
tr	O	She 'd never turned unless in control of the full moon .
tr	I	Give the designers a crack it at .
tr	I	And die knowing that I will let never the Apple , the Piece of Eden , fall into any hands but my own . '
tr	I	He crumbled down into the earth , burying himself in the stone , within and moments there was little trace of the creature at all .
tr	I	Even more doors simply went unanswered or were slammed immediately her in face .
tr	O	There were so many questions she had about the place she 'd landed after her trip through time .
tr	I	She let out another sigh long .
tr	O	But no , he had signed on for five months , and he would not spend that time on the run .
tr	I	He would have never that perfect control of the emotionless warrior .
tr	I	He was far powerful too for her , far to hell bent on destroying her and Devon .
tr	O	These waters are deep .
tr	O	I pulled my pink transistor radio out of my shorts pocket and fiddled with the tuning dial .
tr	O	The Emperor bellowed with impossible volume ; his wolves came instantly to action , turning the chariot about and retreating into the night .
tr	I	I said , fiddling my with napkin .
tr	O	It was midmorning before Gray Elk returned .
tr	I	He did his to best reassure her .
tr	I	He was nice a guy .
tr	O	To have the knowledge I 'd sought for all my life so close but so completely out of my grasp was maddening .
tr	I	The next day would be late too ; he 'd miss the meeting entirely .
tr	O	There was a shot of an angry mob holding picket signs .
tr	O	He cocked his head .
tr	I	Surgeon girl guilty looked .
tr	O	What the hell was wrong with her ?
tr	O	Susan moved to stand in front of Asher .
tr	I	I follow will the king only .
tr	I	Staring up into sunlight the , Dawn couldn 't complain about life .
tr	O	She ducked into the lab and let the technician do her thing , wondering all the while what Ryan was telling the nurse .
tr	I	I clarified , knowing she but was needing to hear the words out loud .
tr	I	Or more correctly , still lay .
tr	O	I 'd imagined it would be blazing with light , but only one window glowed through the darkness .
tr	O	I think I can come up with something .
tr	O	He handed the parchment back to her .
tr	I	Alone , Lusk would have hung jury the and the State would have spent ten thousand dollars for nothing .
tr	O	They went inside and he closed the door .
tr	O	Could the initial explosions have slain him ?
tr	O	Only , could she really dump Noel after all they 'd been through ?
tr	I	He 't can stand losing .
tr	I	I heard someone set themselves on fire in some kind vehicle a .
tr	I	I know where we going 're .
tr	I	It was going be to a long show .
tr	I	Crouching behind a rock , making not sure to be seen , they waited .
tr	I	The women selected were for their looks and size and came from many different backgrounds .
tr	O	I met Nathan and Mia for a few drinks at Max 's .
tr	O	She handed Harris a small wrapped gift .
tr	I	And for a while we were all crying - that is , I was and so was Salome Little and so were the women .
tr	I	But you 're so pretty , says he .
tr	O	Rid put two fingers in her mouth and whistled .
tr	I	The rows of chairs had to started fill up with wedding guests .
tr	O	The feeling of flying was addictive .
tr	I	The moment they were all touching me , even clothing through , the light around the king was gone .
tr	O	For a second , she thought it was some new kind of magic meant to rob her of her last few remaining brain cells .
tr	O	Then , as if answering my thoughts , I hear a shriek ripple the sky .
tr	I	Shaking her head she stared over at Linda who lifting was her arm to show her the time .
tr	O	You would not believe the day I 've had so far Simon , you simply wouldn 't believe it .
tr	I	Kendra gnawed her on lip .
tr	I	Was she hoping Scorch be would different ?
tr	I	Shirley refused to up look .
tr	I	Geoffrey first would attack her and William .
tr	O	Blood bubbled from his mouth and slid down his chin to drip on the ground .
tr	I	He got because up he couldn 't sit any more .
tr	O	Six long weeks was enough time for a woman to decide she didn 't want a man in her life who couldn 't control his demons .
tr	O	He really , really did , but the years of training wouldn 't relent .
tr	I	Human stragglers in the area would to try raid the reservation and kill as many as possible .
tr	O	I could always feel her when I wore them .
tr	O	She turned the vehicle onto Crow Street , and pulled across the street from the electronics store .
tr	O	I threw my arms in the air .
tr	O	Masterson gasped and waved his cane while taking a hop on his good leg .
tr	O	Mille crossed his arms over his chest .
tr	O	This distraction is all Flynn needs .
tr	I	Instead she forced out the only words she could manage around her thick tongue to trying explain what she had seen in her dreams .
tr	I	He would emerge from these sessions and even work harder , be even more ruthless .
tr	O	The desert spread out on either side of them , disappearing into darkness just a few feet from the road .
tr	O	Jack touched my arm again .
tr	I	She didn 't look to buy my fake smile , but she didn press 't me on it either .
tr	O	Angelina wasn 't sure he was aiming for the right clientele .
tr	O	Trinity was thinking she needed to hire an attractive guy to work in her shop .
tr	O	She took a deep breath , let it out in a sigh .
tr	O	This habit can be very disconcerting to the uninfected .
tr	I	After all , she was Hanna Marin , and she fabulous was .
tr	I	People didn change 't shapes .
tr	O	I watched her walk away and didn 't leave until she disappeared inside the building .
tr	O	She didn 't dare to turn her back on me .
tr	I	' Rat Death here said I could a have lift .
tr	O	I still had no idea where my boyfriend was , but at least I could pass on the Crystal Dreams disaster to Hal .
tr	O	Not when that statement made so much sense , even if nothing else his father said tonight had .
tr	O	People started breaking up into factions .
tr	I	But , to her confusion , Ryder having was none of it .
tr	O	The fact that Aurelio stepped in and made sure he didn 't fuck it up , does not change that fact .
tr	O	I mean , how many players went from multiple women to one girl ?
tr	I	Nora didn 't how know to combat that .
tr	O	So , instead of concentrating , she relaxed , letting her unconscious mind do the work .
tr	I	She nods her indicating permission .
tr	I	I twisted and jammed elbow my into him and tried to roll him off .
tr	I	He rushed back into their room and opened closet the , feeling his gut clench when he found all her clothes gone .
tr	O	She knew he was desperately fighting whatever had control of him so he didn 't terrify her .
tr	I	Melissa lunged suddenly , shoving the stake in forward a killing blow .
tr	I	Doors opened the along hallway and residents poked their heads out .
tr	O	You can 't be a musician without an instrument . ' '
tr	O	She didn 't tell Helen and Charlie she was helping Franz escape from the law .
tr	O	Will is still struggling to control his emotions .
tr	I	An eternity later , his stopped spasms .
tr	I	I had to tell about Josh the time skip , I decided .
tr	I	More of the floor came up with it , leaving a hole ragged .
tr	I	I ran fingers my lightly along the blade .
tr	O	You 're giving us this to drive ?
tr	I	You just got on a plane and left , listening without to anything he had to say ?
tr	O	No one mage can master the entire Spectrum .
tr	O	He checked his watch .
tr	I	They 't didn delay by knocking but pushed through the unlocked door carrying a backboard .
tr	O	There were no gardens to distract the eye from it .
tr	I	Genie then sliced the knight 's head off clean his neck .
tr	I	He had almost reached the door when inside someone the room let out a startled squawk .
tr	O	He was too scared to ask anything .
tr	I	When I woke up felt I like I was on fire .
tr	I	The chains struggled to get loose to reach the light , the sliver small of hope , but to no avail .
tr	I	There was to nowhere sit .
tr	O	When night came on and brought sleep with it , I was in the greatest fear lest my fire should be extinguished .
tr	I	If so , he a is master at hiding his presence .
tr	O	A team huddled together around the one with the clue to the next treasure , reading .
tr	I	That was why felt I the need to explain myself .
tr	O	The more I got to know her , the more I realized this .
tr	O	There was no makeup smear on it .
tr	O	I realized then that I should start taking some notes .
tr	O	Body to die for .
tr	I	For most wolves , there was least at some breathing space before the effects truly started to roll in .
tr	O	Elena wouldn 't have let him , for one thing .
tr	I	The place emptier is than last time .
tr	I	One minute everything was fine , and the next the power out was .
tr	O	Alexis had stayed on a couple more days after their ship left , to make sure there were no problems with the methane breathers ' residences .
tr	O	Lyssa screamed and rolled down her window as she watched the flailing tentacle try to reach back for Toby .
tr	O	They scattered like seeds in a wind storm .
tr	O	In fear of going to hell , I have to admit , I was rather quaint and strange at the time .
tr	I	Questions that he may never find to answers .
tr	O	I nodded , trying not to look flustered at the recognition .
tr	O	He thrashes his bludgeoned limb to the floor and charges at me .
tr	O	He probably needed help to do it , too .
tr	I	He had just finished talking on pack his radio .
tr	O	Each one I have enjoyed and had some success at but there was never any passion there , certainly not in the way that writing offers .
tr	I	His foot slipped when he stepped up the onto coffee table .
tr	O	They would be home late and she and Neil could fix themselves something to eat .
tr	O	As for Morrow , he favored a slender blade , longer than any dagger I 'd ever seen .
tr	I	Vegetables and herbs lay strewn around dirt the patch that was once a bountiful wonder .
tr	I	Jake glanced to her quickly , noting that she was them eyeballing all with trepidation .
tr	I	The devil real always goes with Me .
tr	O	There was nothing for her to do but accept defeat and for us to go .
tr	O	I could see the German officer pointing my way .
tr	O	The pain of the room of reflection had dulled enough to be tucked away in the back of my mind .
tr	O	He knew Mary had resigned herself long ago to having an absent husband .
tr	I	Someone would meet him at the airfield pick to up the salmon delivery .
tr	O	She slapped the key down on the railing .
tr	O	She put her hand over Gregori 's .
tr	I	I blurted before my manners rear could their ugly head .
tr	I	He scribbled on the paper provided , his attention on concentrated each introduction .
tr	O	I wrinkled my nose .
tr	I	Luckily I had already put away all the lawn items last week before Sandy descended the on region , so I was ready for the snow .
tr	I	I placed hand my on his cheek .
tr	I	Do you want me help to you find one , Chloe ? '
tr	O	It also meant she 'd have little grounds to refuse his right to Claim her .
tr	O	When he had heard the sharp explosions the day before , he had recognized them as bromides , the unexplained accompaniments of coming earthquakes .
tr	I	Thank you for respecting the hard work of author this .
tr	I	When I finally got him back , at first I was overcompensating , barely letting him out of sight my .
tr	O	Hannah called out as she stepped into her childhood home , feeling engulfed in its warmth and welcome .
tr	O	Aeron gripped Danika 's shoulders as he joined her , then spun her so that she faced him .
tr	I	The pain had finally enough subsided that he could think somewhat clearly and form coherent thoughts .
tr	I	General Bane felt relieve with tension the that was building on his mind .
tr	O	I think maybe James scared them away .
tr	O	She reached it as Gary jumped into the passenger seat and slammed his door .
tr	O	Every time they tried , waves of imposed sensation and emotion swept over the thought and washed it away .
tr	O	The oldest began speaking in a language she couldn 't understand .
tr	I	Vad was about leave to , his wounds mostly recovered and his strength having returned .
tr	O	The room had to be soundproof as they clearly hadn 't heard the gunfire from the bar .
tr	O	Catherine sounded so strong , so alone , so convinced that she could take on a country and a family single-handedly .
tr	I	He needed it too much to lose like it this .
tr	O	My world is so different from here .
tr	O	She 'd been willing to go further , but he 'd pulled back and then ignored her for an entire week .
tr	O	The Europeans nodded approvingly .
tr	I	Alba whistles attention for and silence takes its place .
tr	I	An email from Single in Your Area Now , that but was it .
tr	I	Some of did it make sense .
tr	O	He had lost the only thing that mattered to him , the only person he had ever truly loved .
tr	I	His was hand icy cold .
tr	I	An instant later he standing was in a field of long green grass and the sun was shining brightly .
tr	I	And now I don have 't to wonder anymore .
tr	I	I clicked the images and search forgot to breathe .
tr	O	We thank Dina for the advice and head out of the cafeteria , looking to track down Sydney and get some answers .
tr	O	Matthew 's voice took on that renowned Landis icy tone .
tr	I	Gwen turned the photo over and saw two words on scrawled the reverse side .
tr	O	Emily offered something for the first time .
tr	O	But you couldn 't fault his answer .
tr	I	EARLY THE NEXT MORNING , Jason placed Trouble 's food bowl on the kitchen floor and the cat for dove his meal .
tr	I	But I it think 's time you flipped this little scenario around in your head .
tr	I	Lydia Goetz Tuesday evening my was stomach in knots as I pulled into the driveway after work .
tr	I	Yet to me he seems a lively sort , who will make his way in world the .
tr	O	She was a child of the Old Order .
tr	I	He begins to lean in toward me , so I take a deep breath and my close eyes .
tr	I	Their was kind gone now .
tr	O	She stomped her foot .
tr	I	Well , I didn 't to want .
tr	O	Camila perked up , then blushed .
tr	O	I 'd done that before , too .
tr	O	she asked , deliberately pushing him .
tr	I	As finished he his sandwich , a text came from John Paul .
tr	O	I guess you two aren 't smart enough like you thought .
tr	O	China and silver for lunch .
tr	I	The alarm would go off in another ten minutes anyway , so there was no point in the delaying inevitable .
tr	O	She 'd never failed to calm his little tantrums .
tr	I	Pike eases his rifle off his shoulder , jabbing me in the side with elbow his .
tr	I	I am to trying be .
tr	I	But for me , the minute silver lodged in my flesh , body my started reacting .
tr	I	I almost could feel sparks erupt , and he smirked as his eyes became solely focused on mine .
tr	I	I wasn 't meeting Colette this time , because I 't didn call her , and she didn 't call me .
tr	I	A myriad of emotions swirled Jeremy within .
tr	O	I feel like a widow !
tr	I	But what was going explain to the disintegrating guy ?
tr	O	Ramirez 's smile lacked warmth .
tr	I	The mist blowing her in face made every surface slippery , and moss grew everywhere .
tr	I	The central lost whirlwind its momentum , teetered on its invisible shaft .
tr	O	He was eating well again , but refused to step onto the scales so that Isaac could measure his weight .
tr	O	She was outside on her porch .
tr	O	These are the ones to go and no others .
tr	I	A day ago has it seemed warm and inviting .
tr	O	It doesn 't bring back the 800,000 people who died in Damascus , but it 's justice for them .
tr	O	Something she may have genuinely let slip .
tr	I	It no does good to feel embarrassed since there 's no one here but me .
tr	O	He was trying to be a good dog owner .
tr	I	Kaitlyn whirled to the see most unlikely person imaginable .
tr	O	Max stood up and walked to his electronics workbench .
tr	I	You can speak and make known your thoughts , needs your .
tr	I	She waited -- her stomach in knots -- she 't didn trust herself to look at Tristan or Simon .
tr	I	The same attitude that argued against Whitney when she asked him to quit his job , not knowing the cartel wouldn 't allow him leave to .
tr	O	I didn 't want to give you information that might only get you killed .
tr	I	She wanted to see and Cammie Travis again , to reassure herself that they were here .
tr	O	She didn 't want to talk about them .
tr	O	Brandon went immediately to his niece and gave her a hug and kiss .
tr	I	And whose lips were so full and soft and warm ... Her cheeks flushed at memory the and she quickly lifted her teacup to drink .
tr	O	I want him to stop me from walking away .
tr	O	The rewording of the news seemed to take Max by surprise .
tr	O	Well I guess the Mojave Desert was a good place for a shootout , especially when you had massive airplanes to hide behind .
tr	I	I was tan because walking meant I outside was all the time .
tr	O	They just seemed to be part of the Island as life went on .
tr	I	Evan held out his hand to me help into the boat .
tr	O	Margaret rested her hands on her protruding stomach and smiled at the feel of her child moving in response to her touch .
tr	O	She had an envelope .
tr	O	But after removing the skin that I had torn off with the flesh , I found that it was not such a bad meal after all .
tr	I	My heart was tied up Adrian with , but it hit me then just how much she 'd endured .
tr	I	But , I 'm afraid Fernando is much a different sort of creature than you or I .
tr	I	This time I hold on and around feel it - a bat !
tr	O	We must draw them out into the open and follow them back to their headquarters .
tr	I	His soldiers 't didn leave his side .
tr	O	Yesterday had been the final straw .
tr	I	So , I could deal with the blue balls dates and that weren 't really dates since we were never truly alone .
tr	I	He out reached and wiped the tears from my eyes .
tr	O	Cassidy bit her lip .
tr	O	Through the gateway in front of them , they could see the street continuing on through the houses and on out of the city .
tr	I	I spent 've nearly an hour every day walking about in Smithfield , asking if anyone has seen the young man .
tr	O	This woman who wanted to throw herself into a career full of daily risks and evil he understood too well .
tr	O	Zombie Cowboys were the new age of adventurers .
tr	O	Meredith sat down on the edge of the couch and flicked the tassels on one of the pillows .
tr	I	I looked into over her eyes .
tr	I	He under dove her claws and rolled .
tr	I	Jim would have to him kill before he let that door open .
tr	I	Whether or not Della had known about his status marital was a bit murky .
tr	O	Our Scribe came charging up , and drove it back by pelting it with archives from his sack .
tr	O	He moved on fifty yards to the second barn , hoping to get lucky .
tr	O	I turned to look at the video feed of the basement and saw Mark sitting at his computer reading the email I was looking at .
tr	I	He 'd taken his cues from her , assuming she was okay with everything that had piled been atop her over the past few hours .
tr	O	As Gatsby disappeared into nothingness , the fireball exploded against Victor , sending him hurtling back against the stone wall again .
tr	O	Meagan and I stared at the forest as Ali surveyed the surrounding areas over and over .
tr	I	To me , it a was new beginning .
tr	I	All I really wanted do to was feel every inch of her body .
tr	I	He stopped in his when tracks he saw the three riders .
tr	I	Plus she hadn 't accepted green a cloak yet .
tr	I	Why she should feel guilty ?
tr	O	So much for secrecy .
tr	I	An to urge unfold the mystery behind the rock structure flowed on him .
tr	I	He watched man the nod his head not taking his eyes off the road .
tr	O	He finished his brief berating , remembering that the reason he didn 't recognise it straight away was the fact that the entire race was wiped out .
tr	O	All I could do was smile and watch him go , wishing the holiday break was over with already .
tr	O	She 'd put herself in dangerous situations her entire adult life .
tr	I	The force of his words pushed her against back the pillows .
tr	O	Ted could see how thick the callouses were on the soles of her feet .
tr	I	We came to a stop beside them and Lucius when turned toward us , I noticed that he was fading , his eyes that odd milky green .
tr	O	Shane tapped the wall .
tr	O	You don 't have to apologize for her .
tr	O	I laugh and bend at the waist and splash him with the water .
tr	I	It was definitely the environment Reece needed to take her mind off of the strange from events earlier .
tr	I	I could hear Talbott introduce himself to Lilly ; she responded back in a terribly shy and voice shaky .
tr	O	I would expect there to be some to allow any damaged suits to be replaced .
tr	I	His scouts catch glimpses of forces large enough overrun to him .
tr	O	So for them , I think you can see the benefit of learning how to fight without energy weapons .
tr	I	Preston suddenly wanted to something check out .
tr	I	Her changed expression , grew shuttered .
tr	I	It holds the chief subatomic particles very tightly together in that bunches are spread widely apart and that are held together by weaker forces .
tr	I	A spray impregnated radiation with .
tr	I	I will always wonder brought what that deer out onto the road just as the puddles from the melting snow turned to ice .
tr	O	It took me years to do so myself , but she 's gone , baby .
tr	I	Bring me back shiny something .
tr	O	But those guys wouldn 't be around forever , and plenty of our interns were female and were doing an excellent job .
tr	I	Anyone makes who it back alive will be hired , so don 't kill each other off down there .
tr	O	Timothy had twisted an ankle last time he 'd tried to climb that tree , so Rudy went up this time , slowly and carefully .
tr	O	Human life is full of contradictions .
tr	I	Eric stubbornly put stayed .
tr	O	Far more severe than the last as Epona is struggling to keep up the pace .
tr	O	To the right of the computer monitor perched on the desk was a picture of Clint and a woman with long brown hair .
tr	O	I was a vegetarian .
tr	O	The pleased , laconic look Dorian had worn for his team vanished once the last person was out of our sight .
tr	O	None of the other patrons seemed to be paying attention .
tr	O	Rain tapped at her head , occasionally a drop landed in her eye , but she barely noticed .
tr	O	No ... it was a sea of sand .
tr	O	Yeah , making this woman smile gave him one helluva charge .
tr	O	A few of my neighbors are outside on their balconies and near their cars and they pause to watch the scene unfold .
tr	O	he smiled while combing Carmel 's hair with his hands .
tr	I	The man 'd who come with Briggs and Locke spoke for the first time .
tr	I	Did she have still that joint from her mother ?
tr	I	I 'm horribly blushing , touching some girl 's breast and I still can 't do it .
tr	I	Antonietta found it the fascinating way her body tightened and clenched in reaction to the stroking caress of his fingers .
tr	O	They both helped him into the lodge as woozy as he was from the laser strike .
tr	I	I 'm so busy fuming that I don 't realize Landon isn 't driving me home until we pull up in front Club of Mystique .
tr	I	Without thinking , he leaped up onto the railing and himself threw into the darkness .
tr	O	Would she even look at him the same way ?
tr	I	Moisture clung her to eyelashes .
tr	O	She looked over at him and smiled .
tr	I	She couldn 't always hide the in weekend as she had done so far .
tr	I	JACOB 'T DIDN CALL .
tr	I	He didn 't seem notice to Gabriel standing solidly in his way .
tr	O	His offer to spend the night had seemed like a godsend at first .
tr	O	They were still standing , strong and square .
tr	I	She had just agreed to carry on an affair with Maxwell Brady .
tr	O	The following Saturday arrived and once again he was off duty so left the camp for freedom .
tr	O	He pulled the sheet down and looked at my arm .
tr	I	As I approached my she chair began her chastising rant .
tr	I	~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Further investigation and scouring of the inside of the revealed factory little .
tr	I	She might seem tough to the world , as if she had all it together , but Shane knew the insecurities she dealt with .
tr	I	Austin 's bullet hadn 't Noah hit .
tr	O	Kay and Fran had been friends since high school and decided to share the apartment as they had shared everything else .
tr	I	With two lines in the water , he his doubled chances of scoring breakfast .
tr	I	I he knew wouldn 't leave me in danger unless ... he was too hurt to help me .
tr	I	The bones rattled and scraped , sometimes crunched , and she held a scream deep within throat her .
tr	O	The thin layer of loose sand covering the hard ground beneath her shoes was comforting -- it meant she was close to home .
tr	O	Jason 's mom looked up into the rearview mirror .
tr	O	' Oh yes , her ancestor Morag was born on one of the coffin ships .
tr	I	There nothing is to stand in my way .
tr	O	A mechanical click followed as the CD player opened .
tr	O	I mumbled and stared at him .
tr	O	If it were her father 's , it would have been easy to tear up the check .
tr	I	The chain swung like the body of cobra a in the dark night .
tr	I	Her eyes glazed , and she looked she like might fall asleep where she stood .
tr	O	It was some sort of medallion .
tr	O	For the sickness wasn 't only physical .
tr	I	But she sensed he was hanging on by a thread of control already and didn 't want to push beyond him what he was capable of enduring .
tr	I	I needed to get back to work , but we needed to the clear air .
tr	O	I knew that much .
tr	O	There was no cheer to be had , none to be found hiding in a corner .
tr	O	Not everyone was against the creatures .
tr	I	I wished I could read their minds , but I guessed were they thinking that I , too , would be easy money .
tr	O	Caleb gazes up toward the sky , then makes his way in a quick climb up to the top of the highest outcropping .
tr	I	I reached above my head to pull my hood down , a and hand caught my wrist .
tr	I	As soon as she stepped off the elevators , several of the men stopped actually their conversations to stare at her .
tr	O	That left Bear and I searching for a way back to headquarters .
tr	I	Ren took her into his arms and her held tight .
tr	I	His hair was out of place as if he had just his run fingers through it , and he also hadn 't shaved .
tr	O	There was no one inside , nothing and no one .
tr	O	I would find out eventually one way or the other , but until then - A hand clamped over my mouth .
tr	I	She hesitated , but drove then off .
tr	O	His best bet was that someone would worry about Fila out in the wilderness with him and come to fetch her early .
tr	I	Some of these beings still serve the Royals , but most of them developed into and witches warlocks .
tr	O	She didn 't appear any different .
tr	I	Someone needs to something say funny .
tr	I	I know a terrific girl who is incredible a in lot of ways but being blind is not one of them .
tr	O	But at least she had a plan now .
tr	O	You just finished college so the next step would be to use those skills in the working world .
tr	I	Her right hand drove his past hand and clamped on his wrist .
tr	I	Of course , it hadn 't helped matters , to walk around in the with snow just a stocking over her cast .
tr	O	I will not be inclined tolerate any of it .
tr	I	There was an intricate pattern beaten painstakingly into the soft metal , creating the impression that two circling feathers had suddenly been into turned gold .
tr	O	I never questioned Marty about it .
tr	O	But she pulled back , her arm shaking .
tr	I	She could picture her screaming at a work crew the to point of alerting security .
tr	I	I wish school was over with so I don 't have to deal with my gay pathetic ass teachers anymore .
tr	O	Scott watches Timothy reading intently .
tr	I	She stood at the bathroom counter , leaning it over , inclined toward the mirror .
tr	I	She heard the sound of liquid being in poured the background , and him swallowing it , and him smacking his lips .
tr	O	The small table that could be affixed into the middle of the coach had been removed leaving a gaping space between them that seemed like miles .
tr	I	He smelled the fear of a nearby man laying down with a rifle , and he watched as the rifle began to point him toward .
tr	O	- I didn 't know that you were going to look in this next to me like a little teenager .
tr	I	Behind them , cave the had already collapsed .
tr	O	He felt so peaceful Gabriel wanted to stay there for eternity .
tr	I	Most of all , it was an unshakeable point reference of .
tr	I	Don 't give that me bullshit .
tr	I	He his released facade .
tr	O	If Brian wasn 't able to come into my office , he would have found another way .
tr	I	Gage glanced down at remains the as she brushed away another clump of dirt .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure what it was him about , but he rattled me .
tr	I	When he saw she was up , he over came to stand before her .
tr	O	Everyone seems to be talking , regardless of the ' Quiet , please ' signs on the walls .
tr	I	As they advanced , the duo their kept weapons drawn .
tr	O	I typed in Eileen and hit enter .
tr	O	Merrill had only been gone a short while when the trap was sprung .
tr	O	Willow knew she should be afraid .
tr	O	But there was a downside to the high of all that .
tr	I	Then his eyes on landed me .
tr	O	There 's no point in riding into something blind if you don 't have to .
tr	O	Another swallow and then the cup was empty .
tr	I	Tolliver and I rose to our feet , Annie and wiggled forward on her chair to rise with us .
tr	O	This was the next logical step toward independence and responsibility .
tr	O	Did heaven allow cussing ?
tr	I	She grasped handle the of her carry-on in one hand and her satchel in the other .
tr	I	She completed her first circuit and headed over report to in to Dave .
tr	O	Finn leans on the back of my father 's armchair , his knuckles white around the top of it .
tr	O	I raised my voice .
tr	I	She hiding was something .
tr	I	He reached and across rubbed my arm reassuringly .
tr	I	Close enough touch to .
tr	I	I know you 're a man wealthy .
tr	O	I lay limply against him , doing nothing but breathing in and breathing out .
tr	I	She spun fearing round an avalanche .
tr	I	I took a drink from the second lemon drop , licking the residual sugar from lips my .
tr	I	But for all that of , Amara had been right .
tr	I	Was this the best of course action for me ?
tr	I	They buried the faithful retainer and on rode , by purest chance missing the site of the original engagement .
tr	O	I wanted to scold him for scaring me , but I couldn 't .
tr	O	Raquel shrugged and pulled her school blazer more tightly around her , as if she felt a chill , though it wasn 't that cold out .
tr	I	That should convince him that are you there on my behalf .
tr	I	' You us brought here ! '
tr	O	She extended her hand and they shook to seal the deal .
tr	O	Surely they wouldn 't dig in the dark .
tr	O	Because of the way he looks and dresses ?
tr	I	A towel and pajamas lay forlorn atop hamper a of dirty laundry in his closet .
tr	O	People are going to think you 're unhappy .
tr	O	She shuts the window and walks over to the bed , plopping down on it and crossing her hands behind her head .
tr	O	The kiss ended , and he cupped her face , staring down at her with eyes that pulsed with faint flickers of light .
tr	I	With a sigh , Cook brought her mug own of coffee over to the table and sat down across from Daemon .
tr	I	I knew I just had to wait until tomorrow but it was increasingly getting hard .
tr	O	Mia ripped open the box .
tr	O	He drew in a long breath and then let it out .
tr	I	Immediately he began running , causing neck my , arms , and legs to bounce up and down .
tr	O	Holding her bloody abdomen with one hand , she turned sideways on the asphalt and emptied the magazine at the backs of the two running men .
tr	O	He 'd put all the stones in my room , on my pillow .
tr	O	He chanted the words that had become synonymous with safety and we headed out .
tr	I	Ever my since mom starting using it .
tr	O	I can 't even look at him right now .
tr	I	It bounced once , then landed the on floor .
tr	I	I haven 't been to able get a hold of Emma .
tr	O	I swam down into the deep dark depths .
tr	I	Until my mother taken was , I probably felt the same way .
tr	I	I suppose Cinna gave the same instructions the first day I as arrived a tribute in the Capitol .
tr	I	Tessa saw a woman 's touch all the over room .
tr	O	It was my past .
tr	O	I asked him where he was going , but all he said was that he 'd made arrangements to be away for a few days .
tr	O	My mother will not hurt me again .
tr	O	There were no easy answers , certainly none that would present themselves today .
tr	I	She off turned the overhead lights , placed the foiled packet over a single bulb from a lamp , and turned it on .
tr	O	And how did these guys get her number anyway ?
tr	O	The stones that crunched beneath her feet were not stones .
tr	I	The were women all watching her , some with curiosity , some with pity .
tr	O	The tips of my fingers froze inside my pocket .
tr	O	Today hundreds of citizens gathered around the waterway -- nobles , miners , and everyone in between .
tr	O	Bayard slid from the great creature 's back and faced his companions ere they had found time to dismount .
tr	O	I hadn 't even seen the damn thing in his hands !
tr	O	With her fat ass and scars , she needed someone to ease her into the experience , someone with gentleness and compassion .
tr	O	Open your mind to me , the way you open your body for me .
tr	O	He said somebody really talented in that area might be able to burn oxygen from the air .
tr	I	Just then mother my dropped a baking pan with a clang like the jail cell door closing .
tr	O	Not much interest these days in listening to static .
tr	I	' Shit , ' Anatole said softly as he stared the through windscreen .
tr	I	I gaped at him for a moment , speechless astonishment with .
tr	O	I didn 't know how he had planned to do it but I knew if I started reading I 'd find the answer .
tr	O	But that isn 't what I meant .
tr	O	Sam grinned at her and wagged his tail .
tr	O	And when he says it , his tongue slithers across his lips , and she can see spittle dried white in the corners of his mouth .
tr	O	She was surrounded by him , cocooned by the hard lap beneath her and the warm chest and arms around her .
tr	I	Neither of them noticed the dark sedan pull from out the curb as they walked away .
tr	O	She 'd given no indication that she needed to go to the lavatory , wanted water , was hungry , was fatigued , or even fearful .
tr	I	Size did to seem matter .
tr	O	It wasn 't even a conscious thought on my part , I just automatically grabbed whatever I had and split it .
tr	O	The first arrow screams across the battleground , and his mind is made up .
tr	O	She reaches for her doll but I never look at the creature , I maintain my glare on her .
tr	O	Thomas turned and slowly walked towards the large fields .
tr	I	He said he was doing a lot of reading swimming and this summer .
tr	O	She wanted to put her arms around him and hold him , comfort him , give him whatever he needed to help him continue .
tr	O	Have you talked to him ?
tr	I	All they 've got is the killer wears 12 size loafers .
tr	I	We were never supposed to together be .
tr	I	I began to feel a tingle anticipation of .
tr	O	The golden locket gleamed on the dingy carpet .
tr	O	The hominid creature wasn 't satisfied with caves and other natural shelters ; he created his own accommodations .
tr	I	I can hear voices and the of clang metal pots .
tr	I	You could always those spot residents a mile away .
tr	I	Around the car , he walked to a rack full of garden hanging tools off the unfinished wall .
tr	O	And certainly not sexually .
tr	I	Her life was over before started it .
tr	O	Needed to kiss her .
tr	I	Callum watched her chew like it was fascinating in watching a the devastation of an earthquake in slow motion on TV kind of way .
tr	O	His car doesn 't look familiar , either .
tr	O	Her ability to see the good in everything had finally become a hazard .
tr	I	Clare reached the for seat belt buckle .
tr	I	Italo had used my as body lifesaving mattress .
tr	O	I cross my arms over my chest and glare at him .
tr	I	Just a and growler some wine .
tr	I	It been had a strange day , after all .
tr	O	His little shoulders slump in a way that chokes me up .
tr	I	More school just to take the chance getting of rejected again ?
tr	I	I knew he would come down on hard me .
tr	O	It was time to leave .
tr	O	She listened as her mother withdrew and started to sob .
tr	O	Lydia couldn 't help but wonder what that meant .
tr	I	The rain had again begun as he entered the city .
tr	I	So many questions sat on the tip of tongue her .
tr	O	' Please , ' George tried to say .
tr	O	Paul chastised Adam , reaching for the remote and switching it on .
tr	I	Sara asked , walking the into kitchen to grab her coffee .
tr	I	He 's my landlord , and so far , he hasn 't made a stink about me being in behind the rent .
tr	O	It was supposed to be an easy hit .
tr	I	He purchased nothing that hinted even that he could have ulterior motives .
tr	O	I hear the lock in the door rattle and Brax walks in , carrying a bouquet of white roses with a big smile on his face .
tr	O	Did she really think he 'd let her go now ?
tr	I	Which meant I was on point with the scouts to make sure the ambush off went smoothly .
tr	O	He 's the Head of their Research & Development Section . '
tr	O	It was covered in dust .
tr	O	As it was , Acheron alone held the key to the Destroyer 's release .
tr	O	With my pack scattered to the four winds ?
tr	I	He passed it to off Corrado , who took it into the office and closed the door .
tr	I	One of the carriage drivers him answered .
tr	O	He would have Thompson remove it tomorrow , he decided .
tr	I	He would get a membership gym he would have paid for anyway .
tr	O	Terra struggled to keep the feelings of helplessness out of her voice .
tr	O	Weston shouted , too , relaxed his grip on Ransom and suddenly fired his revolver not across the water but up it .
tr	I	The hull extra plating was torn away the and hull was gone .
tr	I	It become had the Sword Without a Blade .
tr	O	Her surname was easy to mispronounce .
tr	I	The aggressor grudgingly padded back out the of way and let them pass .
tr	I	We been have beset by angry men .
tr	I	The woman before me looked like she wouldn 't just dominate a boardroom , but 'd she chew it up and spit it out .
tr	I	But there was something he had to say to her , something that saying needed .
tr	I	He wasting was away and the act of staying alert and conversant with the Indians was an enormous effort for him .
tr	O	The thrust should have gone through my husband 's kidneys .
tr	O	We 've been trying for years to put everything back together and it hasn 't worked .
tr	O	I flipped it open .
tr	O	Life can return to normal , and vampires can return to being a part of the city , not antagonists .
tr	I	Once we gathered all we could carry , he glanced up toward sky the .
tr	O	After throwing my feet a sufficient pity party , I started to strip off the wet clothes .
tr	O	Anthony had been leading Charlee toward the penthouse door to get her inside and comfortable .
tr	I	Lacking the glamour of the majors and some independents Danny figured if GMD didn 't want no them one would .
tr	O	Joshua nodded and inserted the second tape in the player .
tr	O	One girl glowing seems oddly specific , but if I start to see random cars or fire hydrants glow I might have a problem .
tr	O	Well , that changes things a bit .
tr	I	The Divisional Commander had passed on the hierarchy worries 's about a declining crime detection rate .
tr	I	It 's long a shot , it 's suicide maybe , but I do the only thing I can think of .
tr	I	I explain desire my to attempt to train Argus on the new signals before I go into custody .
tr	O	Guilt swamped him over the thought of this whole damned trip and the charade he 'd have to employ to get his story .
tr	I	I asked myself if this was strange , yet couldn decide 't .
tr	I	Derek pointed to the man in the center the of group .
tr	I	The room to begins jolt and spin as I transport them all to the Flanders residence .
tr	I	I that guess 's why I did it too .
tr	I	As the truth of what Kelly had told him sank in , he felt a physical that pain grew worse as the minutes passed .
tr	O	She conceded his point and allowed him to ease her to her feet .
tr	I	It was unlike him to keep in me the dark .
tr	O	She always hated this part .
tr	O	His gun was on the table next to the couch .
tr	O	The guard moved his light around the cell from one person to the next .
tr	I	She stared at picture the he showed her .
tr	O	As I walked back to the car , I had a very uncomfortable feeling that I was being watched or followed .
tr	O	I laugh and set the phone down on the counter , then stand up .
tr	I	It 's a big country and if nuclear war breaks there out won 't be much of Europe left , if anything at all .
tr	I	They can enforce 't this .
tr	I	Joseph crawled onto bed the .
tr	O	Damn , those Andrade women were good .
tr	I	I guess I hadn 't thought too much about going Oregon to with Taylor .
tr	O	Steve looked down on the church of Saint Peter .
tr	O	Leaning against the threshold , she watched them while keeping her ears tuned for Perry and Roar .
tr	O	It 's big enough to load the truck and a bunch of you guys .
tr	O	Silver shook his head .
tr	O	This whole scenario had seemed so much simpler on that first relived day .
tr	O	It glinted under the dim warehouse lighting .
tr	O	The pain returned at the same intensity , but it lasted much longer this time .
tr	I	The door to the bus closed as I settled into seat my .
tr	I	He would be a fool to think it should happen now , just because he finding was himself intrigued with darkly beautiful , damaged Corinne .
tr	I	He had brown hair , and as far as she could tell from halfway across the room , his eyes dark were .
tr	I	He 'd almost forgotten what it like was to be content .
tr	O	I could give you mine if you 'd like .
tr	I	Saw sitting her there .
tr	O	Jones was pleased to hear this .
tr	O	Old vets saluted me .
tr	O	I grip the table edge tighter and tighter , press my forehead into the polished surface .
tr	O	Not being able to call on the I.S. or FIB for help sucked .
tr	O	( Didn 't I say he was strong and athletic ?
tr	O	But I don 't know , it just seems different with you .
tr	I	Why had he settled for letting know her what he could have done ?
tr	O	My stomach was upset and underneath it all , I was bone tired .
tr	I	Jackson charged the other men two , knocking one down with a sickening thud against the pavement .
tr	I	Gun battles as ensued rival gangs shot it out for territory in the dying city .
tr	I	Bride wanted to cry them for both .
tr	I	The words whispered my through brain .
tr	O	Beside her , Corinne felt her mother 's body tremble , as off balance as she was .
tr	O	I didn 't see any blood , which meant he was wearing a vest .
tr	I	My went thoughts back to Della .
tr	O	Hannah furrowed her brow and turned her hand to the right and left , right again as she sat down .
tr	O	Her small muscles clenched around him and her body shuddered with the intensity of pleasure .
tr	I	Pulling the pillow tighter , sat she up .
tr	I	They were confused and cooperative , sitting on the floor with their backs to wall the and their fingers linked behind their heads .
tr	I	J. Edgar , who loved to squat on unclaimed jurisdictions , on took the task to keep things contained ; and it all rolled downhill to Lorcan .
tr	O	Rumour had it he 'd more than quadrupled the family fortune and the way he did it was , no other way to say it , suspect .
tr	I	We have been warned that this endeavor will probably in end ruin .
tr	O	We decide to check out a movie and we end up watching some goofy vampire horror flick that makes us laugh .
tr	O	The ceiling was two stories high and contained almost as many trees inside as there were outside on the lawn .
tr	I	Anyway , you gave a me fake answer -- I could tell .
tr	O	I wasn 't going to die in a mangled sports car to prove I was a good girlfriend .
tr	I	Francesca tried to not let any pleasure sound in her voice .
tr	I	Just don 't her call before noon .
tr	O	Perhaps it wasn 't magic at all and perhaps , one day we will all be able to do it , and know we can do it .
tr	I	He replies looking at his own body which has returned normal to .
tr	O	If something didn 't make sense , she would beat the problem to death , demanding an explanation or alternative solution .
tr	O	Tall and lean , Liam 's raw masculinity came naturally .
tr	I	I have no idea where others the are .
tr	O	Yet , there lay a man on the cusp of death and disaster who saw fit to heal the soldier who tried to kill him .
tr	I	Pig and woman rocked for a moment and then a trotter caught a footing and the boar forward plunged along the ridge .
tr	I	She was kind so .
tr	O	The article is rather light on facts but heavy on suspicion .
tr	I	The gun 't didn fall apart , however .
tr	O	The cat heard her and turned around to face her .
tr	I	Drat the man , didn why 't he kiss me ?
tr	O	Jonathan chimed in next to me .
tr	I	Today , the sooner he could shed this skin , the he happier would be .
tr	I	Son a of bitch !
tr	I	It was bordered by walls as if it was once fort a , or still was a fort of some type .
tr	I	He just 't hadn met the right woman yet .
tr	O	She was wearing one of those hideous Christmas sweaters most people only wear as a joke , but I got the feeling she was serious about it .
tr	I	When will you that realise they are just words that we use to hide the truth .
tr	I	The best to way prevent that from happening , besides not getting married , was never meeting someone like Sam .
tr	O	I don 't care if he knows .
tr	O	Leif let out a ragged sigh and shook his head .
tr	I	They hurried across the road , man the with the unseasonably light clothing and backwards hat taking the lead .
tr	I	The students begin to take exam the .
tr	I	She was not surprised to Val recognize as the angry red-haired man from the rink .
tr	O	Then I paused , wearing only my black lace undies , and listened to the larger room on the other side of the partition .
tr	O	Fires broke out throughout both armies .
tr	I	Hutch retreated step a .
tr	I	But Betty had been only trying to right Stephanie 's wrong , to make sure others wouldn 't be hurt by it .
tr	I	Shutting off the engine , he slid down the windows , letting the cool night soothe air him .
tr	O	Watch how they dance on the edge of the forest .
tr	O	To his disappointment what he saw was a woman harden once again with increased impudence than before .
tr	O	The sweating beer returned fondly to my hand like a long lost friend .
tr	I	Della hadn 't bitten head her off when she told her she wanted to go see if Holiday was at the office , not literally anyway .
tr	O	Bits and pieces of information floated through the barrier she believed was blocking her path to knowledge .
tr	I	He opened my door and helped me into the car and jogged around the car the to slide into the driver 's seat .
tr	I	Then several fragments of conversations over the past days two came together , and she knew the answer .
tr	I	Okay , maybe not school since it was summer , but still ... Liz opened medicine the cabinet and found a toothbrush .
tr	O	Don 't ever give up hope .
tr	I	When Mr. Martin finished he agitated looked again .
tr	O	She felt her heart racing .
tr	O	Snow gear dangling from the line swayed , shredded , fiberfill puffing and exploding .
tr	O	Just talking about them is too much .
tr	O	I saw Sawyer , looking concerned , and then she shifted to bleachers and blues and whites and a sea of multi-colored shirts .
tr	I	I myself pushed up , and he slid underneath me .
tr	O	Ainsley folded the creamy paper , pressed her lips to it , and tucked it into her bosom .
tr	O	Marcus was standing on the deck , looking at her with a humorous light in his eyes .
tr	O	She closed her eyes and clenched her jaw , rubbing her forehead with her palm furiously .
tr	O	They walked about and sporadically knelt down to the water .
tr	I	But when he on knocked Luis 's window and called his name , no one answered .
tr	I	He smiled shyly quickening his step as Lizzie was left speechless , his words echoing in her mind ; you 're on not your own anymore .
tr	O	Chapter 4 -- Changes in the Air Getting the locks repaired and closed was a top priority .
tr	O	Paul landed on his back as a result of John 's attack .
tr	I	It was another to that see caring reflected back at you .
tr	I	I 'm sorry it a was crummy day .
tr	I	I opened the bottom right-hand drawer of desk the and found it stuffed with graded papers and tests .
tr	O	I get that you probably have reasons for what you did , and maybe they make sense to you .
tr	I	Aria sheepishly lifted her a palm few inches .
tr	I	I didn 't really give him choice a .
tr	I	' Now I know what it looks like , 've I even more chance of finding her kingdom , ' she added proudly .
tr	O	Claire reached out like she would touch his arm , but her horse sidestepped and she had to bring it back under control .
tr	I	Maybe they could talk their out way of this .
tr	O	Gently , Allen unfolded the blankets as tenderly as a bestowed gift .
tr	O	Of course she had done the same , and he probably didn 't understand .
tr	O	I look up , expecting to see the white Audi .
tr	O	As I moved to shut down the hard drives , another folder at the bottom of one of the screens drew my gaze .
tr	O	She could see the corner of the bed in the next chamber , a massive old-fashioned bed with a carved head C and footboard .
tr	I	But there 'd be relaxing no that night .
tr	I	Her fury started to out drain of her ( though not entirely ) and she stalked to the kitchen .
tr	I	Pine needles and decaying foliage softened trail the .
tr	I	The van driver stamped on his brakes causing me to pull up suddenly in an abrupt stop that made my seatbelt catch my across chest .
tr	O	But Garrett moved slowly , pulling back until she quivered with need , only to plunge himself to the very hilt again .
tr	O	We spent the day swimming and lazing away the hours .
tr	I	You and all who follow the Order must maintain meditation your even in the face of death .
tr	I	The plumber be must at the back of the truck offloading the equipment .
tr	O	He gained the upper hand by kicking her in the stomach .
tr	I	I wish that I could do same the .
tr	O	What is this thing with fishing ?
tr	O	I doubt I 'll be able to activate them remotely .
tr	I	I know we don 't know him at all , but he looks like a that man can take care of himself .
tr	O	Mark , the quiet guy who drove us to Tommy 's house the other night , stands behind the counter and greets us with a grin .
tr	I	' Yeah , well , I can tell you now it 's going to be of waste time . '
tr	O	With Kai I have a sense of security and equilibrium .
tr	I	Lewis was running sensitive fingertips over the dark paneling the on wall .
tr	O	I sighed and looked down .
tr	O	On the twenty-third day , I heard words .
tr	I	My hand more than stung , it burned and I held sobs my again .
tr	I	He ... he wouldn 't make choice that .
tr	O	He said , meeting her gaze with steady cobalt eyes .
tr	O	After her grandmother passed , it hurt too much to stay here , with memories of the only parent she 'd known drifting in the air .
tr	I	He rested forearms his on his knees and stared down at his loosely clasped hands .
tr	O	But all that would have to wait for another day .
tr	O	But I can 't help feeling this is our fault .
tr	I	She stood , towel wrapped , in front her of closet , disturbed by the state of her clothes .
tr	O	I thought if my mother 's face held its mildly interested smile any longer , it would crack .
tr	O	I got up , grabbed the blanket and the basket , and headed to the Range Rover .
tr	I	She was being from separated him .
tr	I	I guess this was my own twisted way of to trying make amends .
tr	O	A muscle twitched in Antonio 's cheek .
tr	O	It didn 't take long for Alex to arrive with a medic .
tr	I	Izzy snorted quickly and looked off .
tr	I	By the looks of the lot , the summer business had been slow , he so was eager to close the deal .
tr	I	Finally he to seemed decide on something , because he shrugged .
tr	O	She intrigued him , excited him in a way no woman had since Amelia .
tr	O	She shook her head .
tr	O	She appeared so stricken by that animal !
tr	O	The house in High Holborn looked the same as it had the night Angelina Palmer had died , the night Hart had walked out of it forever .
tr	O	He told me a while ago that Soul Reapers were strict , but never caring .
tr	I	The table was shredded , great jagged splinters of wood as thick as man a 's arm pointed to the ceiling like spears .
tr	I	Tessa promised page to Tony for me a second time , but I decided to go looking for the missing student and maintenance man .
tr	I	How did do you that ?
tr	O	However which way I could put it , it still made no sense .
tr	I	Don 't come here back for any reason .
tr	O	I don 't even have the energy to move so I sit on the floor and lean my back up against the cabinet .
tr	O	There was always a musty , wet smell in the air , and it was something you never appreciated in the city .
tr	I	He feel could their eyes itching across his skin in the way they always asked questions that seemed to mirror what he felt at that moment .
tr	O	She whirled around as soon as she was released , waving the bloodied stiletto in the air to protect herself .
tr	I	Skeletons dressed as pirates his hustled way .
tr	O	I was pouring out my Frosted Flakes when Hudson walked in , bare-chested .
tr	I	' Mr Dawes , ' he said , catching up at the head of stair the .
tr	I	The thought him buoyed .
tr	I	He felt as if of layers armor were crumbling away from his heart .
tr	O	Tanner put a hand on my shoulder .
tr	O	I could hear Gemma put down the phone .
tr	I	It was arranged in the same layout as the pattern the on door : an upside-down tear drop .
tr	I	She said with a gasp as if it all clicked just in perfect harmony .
tr	I	She simply looked down at the fingers shackling her and then back to up him , raising an eyebrow .
tr	O	But somehow , frickin ' scary too .
tr	I	Otherwise I might well have on gone to tell them I 'd met you .
tr	O	On tiptoes , I approached # 307 and pressed my ear to the door .
tr	I	She opened her eyes and her gaze fell on a small photo the on side of her desk .
tr	I	On the back way , I stopped at the power box where my extension cord was plugged in .
tr	I	As I 'd told her , the bed was big enough we that shouldn 't bother each other .
tr	I	Bowen dropped his to knees just a bit farther down the wall and began pushing on the various stones himself .
tr	O	I didn 't care much for the tone of condescension in his voice .
tr	I	It was filled the to brim with pirates and bounty hunters .
tr	I	They seemed like such a nice , pair good-hearted ; the type Fitch could easily snare in one of his insidious plots .
tr	O	Chapter 2 Just as I put my feet back up on my desk the street door opened , so I quickly put them back on the floor .
tr	I	Tall structural pillars were spaced out evenly from wall to wall , and dove Colton behind one as bullets sank into the floor at his feet .
tr	I	I believed in idea an .
tr	O	He had nothing to say to her .
tr	I	I barely restrained a of grunt frustration .
tr	I	' That he does , Pol , and I 'll my do best to make sure that his answering takes at least a week .
tr	O	He radiated from cool and hotness .
tr	O	Can we make her a deal ?
tr	I	He must also have ' arranged ' for it to be discovered by people than other the police .
tr	I	I from rose the ground and peered through the cotton .
tr	I	Just it when seemed impossible , I thought about Amma .
tr	I	The simple act of cutting tomatoes with her by his side eased some of the anxiety he 'd felt up this to point .
tr	O	' No , ' said the Miss Level on the left , I 'm not .
tr	I	A perverse streak rose up me in .
tr	O	' Where are you going ?
tr	O	No underhanded motives , no lying or fishing for information .
tr	I	You had know to someone very well to make them laugh like that .
tr	O	Robin 's head dips for some reason .
tr	I	She had the read instructions , thought it carefully through , and was confident her fighter was as good as his .
tr	I	Father , why did you have toss to the Weaver 's statue off of the Nest ?
tr	O	A couple of them had angels carved in graceful solace , while others boasted ornate crosses .
tr	I	He fight would for good even harder than he 'd fought for evil .
tr	I	He knew there was someone inside his operation , and he nervous was .
tr	I	I love the feel of sitting behind the wheel and handling the of curves the road like a master artisan .
tr	I	Up until then , I 'd never done anything wrong , never kissed even a boy on the lips .
tr	O	At their age , that kind of injury is hard to get over .
tr	O	games -- scattered around like a disorganized mob .
tr	I	I look everywhere as connects he with the shield over and over again .
tr	O	Beyond that , the main residence stood in all its splendor .
tr	I	If she talked too much and started asking inconvenient questions , they 'd just cut tongue her off .
tr	O	But she seemed as fascinated with him as he was with her .
tr	O	Gray recalled what Painter had told him about it .
tr	O	She looked around and found it underneath the bed .
tr	O	He ran a hand through his short hair .
tr	O	She laughed again and he risked a step toward the door .
tr	O	The gods had seen to Zane 's captivity , as well , gifting the vampire to the Amazons to use as they saw fit .
tr	O	Embarrassed , she bit her lip .
tr	I	Jason shut and the locked door , then followed me .
tr	I	Claire gave no indication whether she with agreed this or not .
tr	O	He was growing frantic .
tr	O	Sierra felt bile rise in her throat .
tr	I	She reached into her canvas and bag pulled out an envelope .
tr	O	Inside the compartment was a long wooden box ; Jace lifted the lid , and regarded the neatly arranged objects inside with satisfaction .
tr	I	She couldn 't thank enough me .
tr	I	It really was too bad she didn 't feel attraction an for him .
tr	O	The resignation was confirmed when she stepped aside so he could enter but said nothing .
tr	O	How she yearned to have his .
tr	O	Shay frowned as the gargoyle grabbed a loaf of freshly baked bread and headed toward the stairs to the basement .
tr	I	Al Susie and carried the conversation , regaling her with stories about their children .
tr	O	Then Mrs. Elston 's face seemed to collapse , like a balloon deflating .
tr	O	I 'm in London now , got a posting that 's better than Manchester .
tr	O	But she lay smiling , peaceful .
tr	I	Charlotte leaned against the counter kitchen and crossed her arms .
tr	I	Her nervousness begins waiver to .
tr	O	Everything after that was a blank .
tr	I	They loved me dearly but never had great expectations me of , until I applied to the training school for the Federation Science Department .
tr	O	He 's been wanting to read that one forever .
tr	O	The window displays pulled her inside then tempted her with sales that she thought she would be foolish to pass .
tr	I	The main roads were paved , which was a rare sight , but were they poorly maintained and buckled in many spots .
tr	O	She waited outside for a cab and not a single one ever drove by .
tr	I	It would not do for to them see her .
tr	I	I 've been tailing you two for days .
tr	O	I was learning to understand what the colors meant .
tr	I	Her stomach in fluttered response to the caveman routine .
tr	O	The professors were divided too .
tr	I	A of framework spider webs appeared with the impact of each bullet , spreading across the glass like cracking ice .
tr	I	' It 's just my sister , ' Henrietta said through a hearty and sigh faked .
tr	I	Manuel wondered long how it might take to fly to Iowa .
tr	I	Damn it , 'm I locked up like an animal in a cage and I can 't get to you .
tr	O	That hollow look was intensified by dark shadows under my eyes and a paleness in the rest of me from lack of sun .
tr	O	I can 't stand it when she 's sad , and at this point I am willing to do anything to make her happy .
tr	O	I pushed the book aside and stood , searching the room .
tr	I	This crazy vision steroid thing he did to would her fade .
tr	I	Liz dropped her in head her hands , suddenly all the weariness of the day catching up with her .
tr	I	The Irishman snorted and huffed in an effort to clear the air and face his of whatever had happened .
tr	O	He wanted to kill her , but he restrained himself .
tr	O	He guided her to one of the chairs and settled her there before letting go of her hand .
tr	O	he called from the kitchen .
tr	I	They were friends my .
tr	O	The gun was still aimed in my directions but there was no aggression in its stance anymore .
tr	I	Nina screamed , but Seth only it heard halfway .
tr	I	They had driven north of the city the to ferry terminal that served the San Juan Islands .
tr	O	He opened his eyes and they met hers that were closed and would be for eternity .
tr	O	To him they were simply sounds to get a piece of candy .
tr	I	An hour later I the found note when it fell out of my ear : I love you even still , forever .
tr	O	That was the last straw .
tr	I	Maybe Gabe wasn 't happy to have her interfering in his life , but someone had to take on him , damn it .
tr	O	The McGill had shredded them far too well for even the Haunter to put them back together again .
tr	O	She wasn 't the least bit afraid of him .
tr	O	There was a white star on his forehead .
tr	I	Jason raised eyebrow an .
tr	I	The fat man suddenly was condescending .
tr	O	He watched her without saying a word , deciding that he liked , very much , the look of her in his shirt .
tr	I	But we regulars became .
tr	I	Lights on the flickered ceiling to life , illuminating a metal ladder at the far end .
tr	O	The woman 's voice came back on the line .
tr	I	The sound a of woman crying could be heard just over the roar of the car 's engine .
tr	O	She flew up them two at a time .
tr	O	Sometimes bankers make the easiest targets , I reflected .
tr	O	I saw some interesting looking trash on the way back from training .
tr	I	But their expressions told different a story .
tr	I	Since leaving the prison , travel on the road was slow going at times , but it felt like they were flying months after on foot .
tr	I	I asked , to just be sure .
tr	I	My eyes open fluttered , just enough to see a blurred outline of Jamie leaning over me .
tr	O	Angelina clutched at her and her sobs intensified .
tr	I	The tents were folded and carried by young men , as it was built lightly .
tr	I	You know kitchen the here as well as anybody else .
tr	I	I just stopped by to hello say to Sally here , ' I replied .
tr	O	We prefer a captain be more concerned for his dragon than for our bureaucracy .
tr	O	Stephanie rescued the crying child , ' It 's okay ; I 'm sorry .
tr	O	Feeling incredibly awkward , Viktor flushed and looked to Charlotta , who stood with her arms crossed and wearing an amused smile .
tr	O	If anyone steps a toe out of line , I 'm right there .
tr	I	Though I hated to people judge kind enough to take us in , they weren 't very worldly in some respects .
tr	O	He grins and waves , then he and Paul toss a bottle each in our direction .
tr	O	They 're coming to Solace in plain view to anyone magic , or with access to a Reader , and riding as light as a feather .
tr	I	I imagine image that for a couple of seconds .
tr	O	He 'd looked pleased , but her ex had consistently told her he 'd gotten better bl * w j * bs from a doll than her .
tr	O	An overwhelming part of him wanted to stop , to go back and help .
tr	I	Garrett pulled his over pillow his head and groaned .
tr	O	Then again , if she and Ben made it into town , they could hole up inside a house .
tr	I	He says loudly , placing all notes his and folders neatly on the desk in front of him .
tr	I	The view outside his was window remarkable .
tr	O	Even sitting up had sent her spinning .
tr	I	He forever wanted with her too much to risk it .
tr	I	My father was in great as demand a teacher , and much admired by Jews and Gentiles alike .
tr	I	The only sound was their feet the against stone .
tr	O	I looked up at her , and I knew my voice was petulant but I didn 't try to hide it .
tr	I	Agnes took the baby as Dreamer to walked her father , falling into his arms and hugging him fiercely .
tr	I	A maid a becoming Lady .
tr	I	She seized two handfuls of his hair and pulled herself up she until placed herself on his back .
tr	I	She licked her lips and I wished I 't wasn stuck in the damn hospital bed .
tr	I	Danny is loyal Pack to .
tr	I	She her shook head .
tr	I	To the unprepared traveler the weather might mean disaster , but it was what I needed spur to me into action .
tr	O	But that was something to worry about later .
tr	I	It something 's worse .
tr	O	The word tasted bad in my mouth .
tr	O	Somebody sure needed to work on this one as we moved over it .
tr	O	And how good she 'd felt .
tr	I	Graham had sent her a text the afternoon saying before that he and Tori had made dinner plans .
tr	I	In the meantime , don lose 't him .
tr	I	She almost felt at peace .
tr	O	I don 't know if your Mummy told you , but I 'm working on an assignment at the moment .
tr	O	He actually got up and went down on one knee .
tr	O	The bathroom was at the back , past the pool and darts area , behind a section with some small round tables .
tr	I	Now he realized that not even this do would so .
tr	O	He could see he had a mob in the making who were planning on seeing a zombie burn to death and now were very disappointed .
tr	O	With a flick of his wrist he sent the whip smacking into the wall mere inches from my face .
tr	O	His mother wouldn 't even discuss the idea .
tr	O	He is a good man who seeks the truth of this affliction .
tr	I	she said loudly to enough attract the attention of several people at nearby tables .
tr	I	What a fool was I !
tr	O	She had to get out of here .
tr	O	Lewis gave Mage the once-over , as he had done to me .
tr	I	And the in end , it worked out just as she 'd planned .
tr	I	He took a breath deep .
tr	I	She pressed the speed dial for 's Chess number .
tr	O	Tanner was exactly what I needed , a distraction from the idiotic thing I 'd done the night before .
tr	I	I can 't fight myself , look me at !
tr	I	She slipped behind the wheel , switched on the and engine cranked up the air-conditioning .
tr	O	How did the camels get here ? '
tr	I	On his way to work , Love had dropped off his Samuel Windsor linen jacket at the dry cleaners down road the from his flat .
tr	O	He reached a hand out , but the distance had stopped closing and had begun opening again .
tr	I	They were all medicine of some kind didn he 't care to read the labels .
tr	I	But sensing something even better would her come way if she obeyed , she met his hot gaze , nodded , and walked off toward the bedroom .
tr	I	Jordan tipped face her up to his .
tr	O	The way she swung her h * ps when she walked made her impossible to ignore .
tr	O	I have explained countless times to you .
tr	O	She jumped down to the parking lot and started walking .
tr	I	Not so much saw as it felt .
tr	I	She said from the of door the living room .
tr	O	It 's like he 's opening up .
tr	O	I use the word fatal because I have of late become terribly aware of its destructive potential .
tr	I	He hot felt and I could feel his heart racing under his shirt .
tr	O	Plus , he had already put out a challenge to Hancock .
tr	O	He tracked it from the corner of his eye but did not alter their pace .
tr	I	She 'd done she all could .
tr	I	Even her mother who had a remarried few years ago .
tr	O	I use them to have my people sneak up and get supplies , and we use some of the spaces to hide .
tr	I	By the time everyone left , I was and weary more than happy for it all to be over .
tr	I	Maybe tonight my luck change would .
tr	I	I raised my in hands fake defeat .
tr	O	Thank God she 'd insisted on remaining more or less clothed .
tr	I	But I didn 't think would it work .
tr	O	Aria was always the first person to offer comfort to a person in distress .
tr	I	Detective Heart showed as up I clicked down the receiver .
tr	O	Sensational stories sold papers , and profit demanded skirting the line between accuracy and attention-grabbing half-truths .
tr	O	Nor was he using the same posture .
tr	O	It was an unconscious movement , and it caused the onyx on the handcuffs to come into more contact with my skin .
tr	I	But to friends her ?
tr	O	He should be cooling down by now .
tr	O	Beating his face in was something I was suddenly fantasizing about .
tr	I	Ignoring attempt his at levity , she turned to the first sea lion on the table .
tr	I	To do that she had think to rationally .
tr	O	The duel was never completed , because the colonel had turned coward and begged pardon at the last minute .
tr	I	We have credible evidence of a cell in the Midwest is which working on a terror threat .
tr	I	They paid no attention to or Rick Phil Resch .
tr	I	She wants me to get married early because she has plans all laid me for in the future .
tr	O	The girl at the till gave him an odd look , then shrugged her shoulders and called for Christian .
tr	O	Grabbed it and was swinging it toward her with the intent to break her leg and then her head .
tr	O	He cursed as he punched the brick wall .
tr	O	Leon : He certainly won 't name himself - a feral child knows no language .
tr	I	They were welcomed back hugs with and kisses by all .
tr	O	Who could be choosy with the life we 've let .
tr	O	This hard strip of highway is the only hint of human life in the whole valley .
tr	I	What was a man like that doing a at women 's conference ?
tr	O	I slowly got up and cautiously followed in the direction they had gone .
tr	I	It was easy for people confuse to sex with love .
tr	O	Delilah was more than some looming thing that I struggled to ignore .
tr	O	Did she crave him as much as he craved her ?
tr	O	Even though it was still hours from their arrival , I ran to the bathroom and brushed my teeth vigorously , painstakingly applying my makeup afterwards .
tr	O	Once again , Grace felt Kennedy 's gaze on her but refused to acknowledge him .
tr	I	I him admired for that .
tr	I	So Grant took a virgin and some rock are stars holding her captive .
tr	I	Gillard Shutter dead was now .
tr	I	There 'll be hay and wheat corn and .
tr	O	It was a classic , the jilted ex angle .
tr	O	It was probably more stupid than anything Van did today .
tr	O	Surely this cannot go on , for God sake John how can any human being allow this to happen .
tr	O	It took her several hallways and countless rooms before she found a maid winding the clocks .
tr	I	I 't don really know him .
tr	O	You can have your stupid bottle .
tr	I	She tugged at ear her .
tr	I	It wasn 't even a matter of not me having money .
tr	I	Did she not the understand urgency ?
tr	I	He was known to them , so his passing was easy not , I have been told .
tr	I	The smallest bedroom on that floor , it served as both her bedroom sitting and room .
tr	O	The corners of Cy 's mouth turned up slightly , and then he refocused , his golden eyes flitting about the room .
tr	O	The preacher 's lips were indeed moving but there was no sound .
tr	I	Ryan lowered their hands and guided her body to rock back forth and against his in a perfect medley .
tr	I	His muscles rippled as he twisted to the throw shirt behind him and my mouth watered .
tr	I	Not after what she 'd last confessed night .
tr	O	She slips her leg off me and gets to her feet .
tr	I	If this were a steel panel , would it weigh many tons .
tr	O	I had looked him up on Facebook .
tr	I	His phone buzzed and he began away tapping .
tr	O	Racer had put her to that savage test and nearly gotten her killed .
tr	O	Chills sprang up over my arms and my legs and I thought I 'd have to get my hands on a razor soon .
tr	O	I 'm having a blast .
tr	I	If I fell 'd I die .
tr	O	He was already shaking her but she still didn 't react .
tr	O	Who were they talking about ?
tr	I	I couldn 't help the grin on my as face I slid into the chair .
tr	I	Burden pursed his lips , the pondered situation then nodded .
tr	O	Julie holds limply to my hand , staring at the side of my face with wide eyes , trembling lips .
tr	I	Nothing would stop from me going back for more .
tr	I	Riley had driven her lower than 'd she ever thought she would sink .
tr	I	Rafe no had idea which side was winning .
tr	O	Thank you for reading and joining me on this road .
tr	O	My insecurity about my body and lack of self-worth , affected how I viewed what happened .
tr	O	They were stuck in a culvert and trying to wave us down .
tr	O	I relaxed against him , feeling the tingle down to my toes .
tr	I	The tingling sensation he first felt was at all an time high .
tr	I	' So , how come we 're not making money any ? '
tr	I	I pitched voice my to carry .
tr	I	Sitting on the dock was the armored train for waiting its cargo .
tr	I	Cooke snorted , but he had already more less or agreed by not refusing outright earlier in the conversation .
tr	I	I saw the spectre of being the join the body , leaving its previous position as spectator .
tr	O	It was in his eyes , in the set of shoulders , the confidence in his walk , the way he moved .
tr	I	The lobby was huge with a cathedral high ceiling from which a massive chandelier hung .
tr	I	Why does make he me feel so crazy ?
tr	I	Hopefully that meant was whoever on the outside couldn 't see me .
tr	O	He was fairly confident he could catch Interstate 80 if he headed south on I-15 .
tr	O	Morning light poured in through glass windows and cast bright rectangles on the floor .
tr	O	Aunt Hannah 's second husband had been a Brit .
tr	I	I heard Mr. Lambert 's nasal from reprimand inside the classroom and stood there stunned for a moment longer .
tr	I	She attempted to regulate her breathing to facilitate a exterior calm , but the effort made her dizzy .
tr	I	Besides , and Tate April are coming up again .
tr	I	She crossed the to windows .
tr	O	Mom never said anything bad about her .
tr	I	Ash almost felt bad the for Cajun .
tr	I	There were evidently quite a lot of pieces of information she 't wasn telling me .
tr	O	The boy on the screen who Aaron had just acknowledged followed Aaron 's on screen person and sat next to him .
tr	O	If HIV didn 't cause AIDS , the ' best minds in the business ' would have found that out long ago .
tr	I	Do not go let .
tr	I	What was a more little pain ?
tr	O	There was a noise that he barely heard , like a horse blowing restlessly nearby .
tr	I	I drag myself to feet my .
tr	O	He had lost time on that move .
tr	I	It had been years he since had come across anything significant .
tr	O	I can 't stay here forever .
tr	I	Was he ... of unsure his performance ?
tr	O	He went back to chewing methodically .
tr	I	The edge of my mouth curls into smile a .
tr	O	It was a mundane question from a man who looked as if this was just another typical morning in his life .
tr	I	That couldn 't too change .
tr	I	She stepped away from the building , looking still up .
tr	I	Find out the what woman expected .
tr	I	The contest stated you could enter many as times as we wished .
tr	O	He realized that struggle would get him nowhere , so he did not resist .
tr	O	I had to give Mario twenty bucks to pick up this table .
tr	I	She stepped out further onto the landing held and the screen door open with her free hand .
tr	O	So what if Steve had been on the lean side in comparison ?
tr	I	I brush lightly the boy in the wolf suit in the crook of his elbow .
tr	I	She her shook head .
tr	I	She fifteen was minutes late .
tr	I	He still was playing with Merrill 's letter opener ; he seemed to like it .
tr	I	Sara was the on top floor , thanks to the Smoke 's request .
tr	O	I reach to touch the hem of his pants , fisting the fabric as I try to pull myself up .
tr	I	I look at man the 's face closely .
tr	I	It was quite an ungainly landing but not quite a crash , but the knew boy the beast was unlikely ever to fly again .
tr	O	There 's no romance there , Miss , lest you count the love of money .
tr	I	His vision zoomed in like telescope a .
tr	I	He saw books , makeup , and a small radio her on desk , a bed , and clothes hanging in the closet .
tr	O	I thought he might refuse to move , holding my fiddle hostage .
tr	I	He turned and shouted over someone to behind a makeshift wall .
tr	O	His head was probably still reeling from her kiss because he gently lowered her to the ground .
tr	O	I also knew wolves had sex a lot .
tr	O	I opened my pantry and surveyed its contents .
tr	O	She hugged her arms around her waist .
tr	O	But she was sure Carlo would .
tr	O	Rogan 's legs and arms shuddered , locked up in spasms .
tr	I	This program is or intended was for A to B data translation .
tr	I	I see his eyes sweep quickly over my clothes as though his answer lies there .
tr	O	We don 't know what that might mean , where it will end or even where we will be when it does end .
tr	I	But I thinking was maybe late spring or early summer .
tr	I	She grabbed my arm , her eyes pleading me with .
tr	O	Mr. Nancy reached one insubstantial arm out and tapped the new coffin sharply on the side .
tr	I	He a rubs hand over his shaved head .
tr	I	Curios pulls out the disk again just be to sure .
tr	I	Riddick stirred a minute later and tensed the at sight of the sleeping wolf .
tr	I	The ladies served and tea talked .
tr	I	I had to in go and change when I got here . '
tr	O	Now do you understand why you must not ever think to break the curse ?
tr	I	I have could cared less .
tr	O	Her bounding steps were unaffected by the rough ground .
tr	O	He 'd just been scolded .
tr	I	He still guilty felt .
tr	I	He 'd lost a good thirty pounds his and shoulders hunched as he walked .
tr	O	She took a few deep breaths .
tr	O	I said , as she weakly pounded her fists on my chest .
tr	I	I only was semi-hard now , but I started moving my hips , bouncing just to feel her .
tr	O	People don 't just turn to smoke when they die .
tr	O	Her parents had a huge hold over her decisions , and now she finally saw them for what they were .
tr	O	Jordan now recognized it as a silver chain whip .
tr	I	Weeds surrounded Stevenson 's small house and the unpainted side was gray weathered .
tr	O	What the hell was going on here ?
tr	I	As soon as he opened the door , he could tell immediately the that whole thing was fried .
tr	I	We fought ; we up made .
tr	I	The wind howled outside , the stronger gusts .
tr	I	He looked as if he was doing nothing than more taking a nap .
tr	O	Buzz would need to rely upon his compass to keep a northerly heading and hope Jesus found him when he surfaced downstream .
tr	I	I 'll go Viana to .
tr	O	Horror chilled me so deeply that it was like I 'd become pure frost .
tr	O	Once upon a time , a boy had loved a girl .
tr	I	Before he could pull it out I ran up to him and him stabbed in the thigh .
tr	O	The room is filled with colors .
tr	O	That was when he noticed the rest .
tr	O	He raised a hand up and motioned to his partner outside .
tr	I	James sensed she wanted argue to with him .
tr	O	It 's your fault .
tr	O	It could snow at any time .
tr	O	Did you play with Additives ?
tr	O	Get used to it , or it 'll drive you crazy .
tr	O	Pia had smiled tightly .
tr	O	My fingers were trembling and I couldn 't stop them .
tr	O	Nimrod drew the dragon 's hair taught .
tr	O	I accelerated and pulled out of traffic into the opposing lane .
tr	I	I a manage smirk .
tr	O	The nameless girl smiled at him just then .
tr	O	Sam had drunk none of his coffee .
tr	O	Instinctively , I raised my head , I guess for a closer look , then ducked again when I regained my senses .
tr	O	Claire 's voice rose , and Jack glanced at her before turning back to the screen .
tr	I	I need 'll to steal some from the Hab 's solar farm .
tr	I	She rolled her eyes because in her mind , the answer obvious was .
tr	I	A perturbed Michael about looked the room .
tr	I	That was why was he supposed to think his wife was dead , too .
tr	I	Josh said still looking at pew the in front of him .
tr	O	But the field of knowledge we were most likely to share with extraterrestrials was mathematics .
tr	O	He would know happiness .
tr	O	Nothing less would satisfy him .
tr	O	I feel warm all over , though there is a chill in the night air .
tr	O	Are you watching me now ?
tr	I	Always before , Maddox had wished to fade into nothing when the fire overcame him , never return to to hell or to earth .
tr	O	They had to rely on ingenuity and number eight wire technology , or so he remembered from the manual .
tr	O	When she looked up she was staring into the face of the lunatic with the ruined head .
tr	I	I can give 't you children .
tr	O	Shane was holding her , but she couldn 't feel it .
tr	O	Mr. Stott motioned with the mug for them to follow him .
tr	I	Lesa 's brows arched , she but wisely said nothing as I twisted around .
tr	I	Preston was leaving today town .
tr	I	They had ample supplies to get at there the tremendous speeds they would be travelling .
tr	O	Another shot , this one closer and somewhere to their left .
tr	O	Reuben drifted off into his thoughts .
tr	O	His eyes had gone misty-eyed in admiration .
tr	O	Or maybe Annie 's Variety .
tr	O	She shook her head .
tr	O	He was afraid Nate might get confused or panic and fire , anyway .
tr	O	Saints above , but she was hot and tight and she clutched him as if she had been made just to hold him deep within her .
tr	O	I was relieved that Lakin supported my opinion , having thought he would continue to fight the idea .
tr	O	With a few hard chunks .
tr	O	It didn 't howl like a normal cat .
tr	O	And it made him want to hit someone .
tr	I	The touch was as soothing as the salve , way the the abused flesh was kneaded , easing away the last of the knots in her muscles .
tr	O	You 're g * y. I 'm in love with someone else .
tr	O	' There 's enough there to buy you and your family security for life . '
tr	O	Roth asked as keen interest flashed across his face .
tr	O	Functional simplicity did not bear the onus or sense of restriction that arbitrary simplicity carried .
tr	I	What are intentions your ?
tr	I	I downed the drop remaining of Brandy .
tr	O	She sat up and yawned .
tr	I	Was she imagining it , did or the white faces of the vampires turn to follow her as she passed ?
tr	O	She would have to .
tr	O	Sure I was only living half a life , but it was an uncomplicated half a life .
tr	I	Pine Tree Village Retirement Community was a nondescript two-story brick brown building that could have doubled for an apartment building .
tr	I	Inside , a thick gold double eagle coin rested on a bed of cotton white .
tr	O	The laugh turned into a cough and I wondered if I should get off the couch and bang on his back or something .
tr	O	His history made her want to hurt for him , while his conviction inspired her .
tr	I	When he came back himself to , he felt warm and flushed , and he was reminded what he was .
tr	I	With her help , the could demon easily claim his victory .
tr	O	He ran into a few more friends , and I ended up standing around by myself .
tr	I	It was a stretch , but eventually , she was able to hide all evidence of her naturally red locks underneath the bright wig red .
tr	O	He had not yet recovered from his brief encounter with the strange beautiful woman that afternoon .
tr	I	They had been told to keep other the students calm .
tr	O	Her danger of being she overwhelmed by the advancing mass .
tr	O	Quinn gave the handcuffs a final wrench , and the metal hinges squealed .
tr	O	She stood in the doorway watching .
tr	I	She often 'd wondered how he 'd been able to manage it .
tr	O	Now all she had to worry about was the rock bridge .
tr	O	Words began to flow out of her mouth .
tr	O	Dugin was worried that the information about it might leak out , but they had to focus on other issues .
tr	O	The open beak that surrounded the hummingbird did so to protect the hummingbird with its dying breath .
tr	I	No doubt an enterprising soul had collected the documentation as leverage , perhaps even to fuel designs blackmail for .
tr	I	Also , we have discovered that they more they stay around others like them that also they continue to improve their abilities .
tr	I	But she would never know because Reed 's lips tightened he and said no more .
tr	O	Logan moved to the window and thanked the young boy of about eleven .
tr	I	The autumn cool breeze lifted her hair off her shoulders and she reached up to brush her hair out of her face .
tr	O	How had they gotten unlocked ?
tr	O	Knowing he couldn 't just leave her he planned to talk with her and explain why he couldn 't see her anymore .
tr	O	He was an affectionate father , and an indulgent one .
tr	I	I left was alone to ponder what I had seen .
tr	O	I patted my head to make sure my knit hat was still in place and adjusted my scarf to cover most of my face .
tr	O	He cleared his throat but made no effort speak again .
tr	O	The wanted boy 's name ?
tr	I	The noise intense was .
tr	O	It was Mexico but Aguascalientes was a lot more civilized than Mexico City and Veracruz had been .
tr	O	They might have qualms about going after March with their fangs , but I have no such protection .
tr	O	Sometime during our conversation , he 'd wandered into the woods .
tr	O	A handsome young man stood at the base of the stairway , gesturing to them with a smile .
tr	I	I just questions have .
tr	I	This was one of the questions David going was to ask Xavier .
tr	I	Dreamer wondered whether a curse was solution the to the situation .
tr	O	I shake my head and smile lamely .
tr	I	As Thomas climbed stairs the , he couldn 't shake the feeling that the book was watching him .
tr	O	Lexi slipped behind the counter so there was something between them .
tr	I	I made myself breakfast and after eating I stepped outside chat to .
tr	O	At the same time , it was downloaded to my neural interface .
tr	O	She had fittings for her rehearsal dinner dress as well as her wedding dress , both of which would take up a great deal of the day .
tr	O	Even she couldn 't tell if her wet face held tears .
tr	O	Her ears twitch but otherwise she is amazingly still .
tr	I	We survive because we do not fear let stop us .
tr	O	I shook my head .
tr	I	Most often , I think , the ( couple or one of them ) hoped to deceive the public .
tr	I	She wanted Chad 's baby , and she was sure that when she told him , would Chad be happy , too .
tr	O	Perry looked at Roar , who was the storyteller between the two of them , but Roar smiled and shook his head .
tr	O	He mistyped his login and password three times before taking a deep breath and inputting them once more , this time carefully enough to avoid any mistakes .
tr	I	Muller was standing at Bauer 's door with his hand raised and ready knock to .
tr	I	Even the if emotion was to be fleeting , it had happened .
tr	O	My heart was stressed , my limbs felt numb , and I wasn 't sure how much more horror I could take .
tr	I	There was a dull , clinking noise , of the sort made a by lot of gold keeping nice and quiet .
tr	I	But Ann Mary was going to try .
tr	O	The barman filled a goblet with the deep red liquid then slammed the bottle down .
tr	I	He had an Einstein Brothers ' bag with bagels and cream cheese in one hand and a takeout coffee in other the .
tr	O	She had come to me already house broken and I felt protected at night , with her sleeping beside my bed .
tr	I	Then , I struggle from Prewitt cuddle 's .
tr	I	Nathan at looked his watch .
tr	O	I extended my mind , curious , and touched upon hers .
tr	O	Mr Tanner and Captain McGregor stood on the forecastle , studying the coast on their port side .
tr	O	She looked up at me with pale green eyes in a pale pure face surrounded by golden hair that caught the lamplight and glimmered .
tr	O	He pointed to the backdrop .
tr	O	I sat myself up in bed so I could see him better .
tr	O	Driver # 1 reached to take my bag , and I followed him dutifully .
tr	O	He made two big steps and he was now standing behind some parked cars in front of Sebastian 's house .
tr	I	Frowning , Ethan sat up again and absently shuffled papers his on desk .
tr	O	The air changed once we reached the meadow , cooler now that the forest canopy wasn 't above us .
tr	O	Stanley Snr didn 't hear her .
tr	I	With that they all pile into the rental and car take off for the Cafe .
tr	O	I shook my head .
tr	I	But then compelled something me to return .
tr	I	I 'm grateful his for attention .
tr	O	What if whoever beat him up came back ?
tr	I	There are many malicious people in the world and sometimes it suits their for purposes you to underestimate their intelligence .
tr	O	He bit back a wince , pulled a smile for the kid currently engrossed in putting the caterpillar on her wrist .
tr	O	Boone took the ring out of the box and slipped it onto Delilah 's right hand with the point of the heart pointing towards Delilah 's wrist .
tr	O	He hollered and fell over , holding his leg .
tr	I	I stand abruptly , pushing away the from counter .
tr	O	It slides down my spine like a cold , wet finger .
tr	I	What a about horse to carry all these supplies ?
tr	I	Leslie the eyed basket .
tr	I	Quentin counted five them of .
tr	I	A painful tiny sigh released from him as he tightened his arms around me .
tr	I	The does UN have a budget set aside for just such an environmental strain I guess you would call it .
tr	I	Nothing going was to keep her from finding Caine .
tr	O	Yes , it 's true .
tr	I	I can swallow 't .
tr	O	It 's a little bit off-putting .
tr	O	A MOMENT of inactivity , a heavy meal and an unknown world do not help a man to run .
tr	I	Elsewhere , private vehicles are rare and those that are have used separate tunnels reserved for them .
tr	I	I let myself be Lia , and a rush of information at came me from all sides .
tr	I	He held a up small recording device .
tr	O	I dig out my phone from my pocket and dial Laila .
tr	I	He didn 't that like Anthony was in charge of this meeting .
tr	I	When our fingers brush , a sparkling flash of instantly warmth relaxes me .
tr	O	Some of them were scowling , the rest just looked like they wanted to get out of there .
tr	O	He had bushy gray sideburns and a receding hairline .
tr	I	When got I close , he swung again , this time bringing the weapon in a downward arc .
tr	I	The only one could she trust was herself .
tr	I	He noticed my shock simply but shrugged as the class climbed the bleachers and clapped , patting him on the back .
tr	I	The solidified image reluctantly .
tr	O	She flattened her hands over her twisting stomach .
tr	O	Everyone moved away from the back and grabbed seats .
tr	O	Her smile was wide and he caught a glimpse of the old carefree Katie he 'd been missing .
tr	I	Of course , I blame for Chloe that , too .
tr	O	Realizing how loud he 'd gotten , Adrian stepped forward and lowered his voice .
tr	I	Or perhaps , it was just copycat a .
tr	O	It was both naive and arrogant for him to think he had something to do with the person she 'd become .
tr	I	I rushed forward and hoped for best the .
tr	I	He left 'd the study door open .
tr	O	You came here for the changelings , but you shall not have them .
tr	O	he said to the startled sentry .
tr	I	The dull roar of voices , no muffled longer , rose as Luke came through the doors .
tr	O	He tumbled through , seeing stars in his vision as he landed inside what appeared to be a gruesome version of an operating room .
tr	O	But he 'd learnt a thing or two as a special commander about the extraordinary dangers that littered the Milky Way .
tr	O	I lit a small fire , stuck the used meet onto a stick , and cooked it a lot , burning off excessive fat .
tr	I	Assuming I the learn magic of story and song .
tr	O	It had seemed so long since he had talked directly of the sun .
tr	I	He gathers up the first kit Cat and and leaves the room .
tr	I	He realized he that was not restrained to the chair .
tr	O	Kali wondered if the motive for his vigilance was good or evil .
tr	I	A little shaky , I but 'm okay .
tr	O	She moved over to the edge of the porch and sat on the whitewashed wooden planks .
tr	O	When one of us helps people in this way , he is definitely walking on a thin line .
tr	O	His tone is tempered again .
tr	O	Maybe that 's how it started out , but what did your dad really want to use Alice for ?
tr	I	I helped you get through those deaths I -- did .
tr	O	Apparently any distance at all is too close .
tr	I	He his lifted hands , palms out .
tr	I	She catching remembered one of the fireballs aimed at Miranda .
tr	I	She reached over the side of boat the and paddled after him .
tr	I	But half the of money has already been paid out , and I can 't trace it back to anyone .
tr	O	Bloom rolled his head from side to side .
tr	I	I pull to stop a , leaving the engine idling .
tr	O	Wrapping his arm around my shoulder , he pulled me in till my head lay on his lap .
tr	O	It 's so hard to think when he 's looking at me like that and his erection is still grinding against me .
tr	I	She was just about to abandon the thought of this sticking out when she caught sight of the strangest cat she 'd ever seen .
tr	O	I cannot allow that to happen , not again .
tr	O	Muscles in his arms flexed as he tossed it to the floor .
tr	I	That 's the bush line where we heading 're .
tr	I	Dee slid her hand into her pocket , her fist around closing the medicine .
tr	I	Words were not needed , only text messages and jesters were their major form of communication which worked always well for the pair .
tr	O	It was no use writing a lengthy article until they said they wanted it , but the outline would make the writing easy .
tr	O	I can 't hide anything from him .
tr	I	Killed at 17 least myself .
tr	I	Brick towards strode his double .
tr	I	My father no longer smiled and fell into what was to a be 20-year silence .
tr	I	I 've realized can I 't live without Abbey .
tr	O	We 'd decided to end our perfect weekend by making dinner on the grill and finishing with dessert outside .
tr	O	The quiet kitchen filled her vision as she sat at the table and clutched the mug .
tr	I	The of memory his fangs sinking into her .
tr	I	It was heady a time .
tr	O	The day was almost over , and Callum had told me we 'd have at most a week .
tr	O	There was white , tan , brown , black , and three shades of gray .
tr	O	And he never would .
tr	O	That is why these patrols .
tr	O	To date , the Conglomerate has failed to establish any like service .
tr	I	I nod ; 've we tried before .
tr	I	Blank pages just waiting to be filled with story our .
tr	O	Hollister knew he was worn out , expended .
tr	I	Aaron uttered his first word shedding since Kyle 's blood .
tr	O	The voice pierced his ringing ears .
tr	O	I 'll make sure they get together .
tr	I	He leaned and closer his mouth hovered over hers .
tr	I	Melanie led Mandy upstairs to a simply large decorated bedroom .
tr	O	When Ali turned , she saw Ian Thomas doubled over laughing .
tr	O	So I could file a report , but that would likely be the end of it .
tr	I	He off turned the water and sighed .
tr	O	He wouldn 't drag his mother into this .
tr	I	In fact there is a across station the river someplace a few miles upstream I 've heard .
tr	I	There , in the over loft the stables .
tr	O	Startled , I glance up and see James standing in the doorway , a towel tied around his waist , his blond hair wet and brushed back .
tr	I	At the bottom of the map , to the south , was the town of River Sunday , with its harbor large .
tr	O	The warmth radiating from Celestino tempted her to move closer , but she resisted .
tr	O	Hm , why was that , actually ?
tr	I	Thank you that for information .
tr	O	He connected harshly and cried out .
tr	I	Eli his balled fists .
tr	I	Howard must work out the all time .
tr	I	Kevin patted him uncomfortably on the back and stepped back , smiling still .
tr	I	Time has not been to kind to some them of , they had not weathered the storm as they say .
tr	O	* * * Jon wearily stumbled out of the door , easing his arm through the bathrobe 's sleeve .
tr	I	It was only two by three meters , but was it secure .
tr	O	Kelly let out an almost painful sigh .
tr	I	For Lord Hutchinson in was staunch agreement with Doctor Avery that the young maid should be sent to the Gideon Home for Girls in Toronto .
tr	O	She let him into the kitchen where he was offered a cup of tea .
tr	O	My tone grew angry .
tr	I	Get you out the of house .
tr	O	He hoped his spiel either got him some pottage with his beer or some coin for the fork .
tr	O	You 'll do all you can to get me out . '
tr	I	Who knew what the others had got up to when no one else around was ?
tr	I	I to try visit Natchitoches as often as I can , though .
tr	O	When it was all said and done she turned her attention back to me .
tr	O	Her heart thawed out despite her best intentions .
tr	I	For as long as 'd she been in Hidden Falls , the phone had been the bearer of bad news .
tr	O	Yes , that 's exactly what it felt like .
tr	O	Get her home safe and make sure she 's fine .
tr	I	I of thought how stupid I looked , hunched on the cement in this cheap dress , scrubbing at a spot on my shoes .
tr	O	From what he 'd heard , the old man was doing poorly .
tr	O	Mrs. Cake set her jaw .
tr	I	The only person she 'd really to talked was Dawson .
tr	I	Thrown into a of fit coughing , she considered the plush chocolate leather with approval .
tr	I	Something had gone wrong while he was away , and this woman and child were seconds being from caught in the crossfire .
tr	I	Elliott had know to that .
tr	O	I told her about what had happened over the passed couple of weeks and she sat down , shock on her face all the way through it .
tr	O	I 've got around twenty of these paintball guns , but I only want ten shooting at a time .
tr	I	Kneeling , gently he lifted the hair from the woman 's cheek so that he could get a look at her face .
tr	O	Alec pressed his fingers to it ; they came away smudged with something dark that looked like a smear of ash .
tr	I	Our conversation was pleasant light and .
tr	I	If we need to get together tomorrow , we will , but we have 'll a couple of hours in the car the next day to strategize .
tr	I	There 's a pause long .
tr	O	A blaze of anger answered her .
tr	O	I snapped the phone closed , cutting off my dear correspondent from Outer Mongolia , or wherever Teel had actually managed to reach .
tr	I	He had a knack for coupling a bulldog approach with an aura of Rocky Balboa , fighting a against bigger and better adversary .
tr	O	I lifted my hand to wave at him .
tr	I	She doesn resist 't , but drinks in the smell of his cologne .
tr	I	It 'd be like harnessing nuclear fission but the potential in locked the beast might just make the risk of getting burned worth it .
tr	O	Jacqueline could only smile , her eyes sparkling with some hidden happiness that she had never felt before .
tr	I	They cannot it say all .
tr	I	he murmurs , so I 'm aware how close his tongue is to earlobe my .
tr	I	Stryker always had a way of asking the questions didn I 't want to answer .
tr	O	With an almighty shriek of metal struggling to move , they tore open the passenger side door .
tr	O	Perchance he could perceive and experience things he never could before without excluding anything he was able to feel previously .
tr	O	Then , because he knew where the vampire would go , Jamie turned away from the cliff .
tr	O	There were more bodies than survivors and they worked in a race against time .
tr	I	But , course of he didn 't tell me what .
tr	O	She could barely make out the words around the wad of hamburger circling one side of his mouth .
tr	I	I looked at him grinned and .
tr	O	Jenna asked , eyeing me curiously .
tr	O	He applied only enough pressure to scare her .
tr	O	The brilliant light eased to a stop directly in front of her .
tr	I	Then Billy Sisco on jumped him , too .
tr	O	More of the bell is being revealed , but all that we can really tell about it is that it is enormous .
tr	I	She felt him twitch through the cloth under her hand , but didn he 't open his mouth or try to kiss her back .
tr	I	Pox stands , angry not or yelling .
tr	O	Friends were coming in and out at all hours of the day and night .
tr	I	She was near to death ; body her gone , all pain gone , all sense of permanence or anguish .
tr	I	It was either tell Jake or end things with her before it went further any .
tr	I	He enjoyed her company so much he really didn care 't what she talked about as long as she came and talked to him .
tr	O	The walk did not bother him but trying to walk with the sack of food he had bought tired him .
tr	I	Fiction , non-fiction , poetry , plays , screenplays if I could get hands my on them .
tr	I	Slowly two walked riders to the entrance and then dismounted .
tr	O	He did not want anything bad happen to the orphan who shared the same destiny with him .
tr	O	The stallion obeyed , eager for the chance to run .
tr	O	I 'm afraid she married him to escape poverty .
tr	I	She the watched children stare through the window at their father .
tr	I	Said Haddington as he stepped forward to look the at wall directly in front of the tall man .
tr	I	Other than being cut up , dogs the seemed okay .
tr	O	But everything had been changed when Her got dead and gone .
tr	I	But I know that you are not such wuss a .
tr	O	If he couldn 't change the situation , there was no use in worrying about it the whole time .
tr	O	While he was incapacitated , Mac went for the gun .
tr	I	Up close the planes looked an like armada of plane crashes .
tr	O	It was worrisome to think he could end up like him .
tr	O	Unfortunately , life rarely goes as planned .
tr	I	Aria didn 't bother to look up the from berries she was collecting .
tr	O	As a cat , that need crawled up his back to the tip of his nose .
tr	I	The van wasn 't moving and it wasn 't on the anymore road .
tr	I	Emma obviously not had .
tr	O	Breeze strolled over to the table and chose a seat with his characteristic decorum .
tr	I	He see could that she wanted the tea , but then she didn 't .
tr	O	Even if he does make me look like a chimp at every turn .
tr	O	He reached one hand out , pulling her towards him and onto his lap .
tr	I	A white panel of the wall changed a to black screen and she appeared .
tr	I	For a time they did not speak , they simply at looked each other .
tr	O	You never want to turn your back first .
tr	O	Ross will be joining us shortly .
tr	O	He 'd had to touch the body to do it , but the principle was the same .
tr	I	As if he had heard her thoughts , averted he his eyes , then lowered them .
tr	O	Grace returned and handed Bash a large white pill .
tr	O	I wouldn 't be letting anyone touch me .
tr	O	The wooden frame had musical notes painted all over it , in a different array of colors .
tr	I	Its trunk was hidden in darkness , but Anon could clearly sense it in the distance , over looming the land .
tr	O	There were large rooms beyond the open-plan area , walled off by translucent frosted glass .
tr	O	He has said neutrally hoping the conversation would end right here .
tr	I	We plenty get of rain , and storms often enough , but our weather is not given to extremes .
tr	O	She walked up the set of steps to her left and Colton followed .
tr	I	Baron Bartholomew , Lady Ann sits inside a golden hovering float which is pulled a by team of four white horses .
tr	I	He could be just at work , but what if he not 's .
tr	O	I 've raised no arms to you .
tr	I	He adjusted his and body slammed into the ball with the heart of his bat .
tr	O	The spear flew with its point in an upward slope , but the point did not hit home .
tr	O	You 're over twenty-one .
tr	O	She watched him walk into the kitchen , his fine ass flexing as he took each step .
tr	I	But her mind needed say to something to get her legs going .
tr	O	' Would you like to hear it ? '
tr	O	She kissed his cheek and got to her feet .
tr	O	Her hands were clasped in front of her , and her eyes were worried .
tr	O	Those nylons clung to her body , and her hips swayed as she moved towards me .
tr	I	The remainder of the club had followed the ball thereafter shortly .
tr	I	We 're probably not even to going be able to hurt them very much .
tr	I	Only once had he taken liberties when speaking Lucien to .
tr	O	Dayan kissed her forehead , her eyelids ; then his mouth drifted down to hers .
tr	O	Mrs. Ebrahim 's face was entirely American looking , aside from the headscarf framing it , and she wore ordinary American clothes .
tr	O	She nodded , feeling a bit apprehensive about what he might ask her next .
tr	I	Her face still was flushed with happiness as she leaned down to kiss Tina 's cheek .
tr	I	But incredible an urge came over him .
tr	O	It contains a propulsion pack .
tr	O	Claudia exhaled heavily , her long dark hair falling in front of her face .
tr	O	It seems kind of fantastic , somewhat supernatural .
tr	I	He would what do I wanted .
tr	O	And this made the people happy and they went away thanking us and thanking him .
tr	I	Only ships built in the north with special techniques can weather the cold summers and sub-zero winters of icy this land .
tr	I	I choose the equation door , but have no idea it if 's the right decision .
tr	I	This apartment always has been yours .
tr	I	She wondered if Robert watched Gant her or merely some bored guard .
tr	O	Taking a final peek at the map , John set off up the street .
tr	I	Before she knew it , was she pulling into the parking lot .
tr	I	She knew could she not have made it without him .
tr	O	It is the site of an orgy some five hundred years ago .
tr	O	' May I ask what you 're doing here , young lady ?
tr	I	He must have passed as Grade A meat because a moment later the woman a extended bejeweled hand to him .
tr	I	My muscles ached as I my carried burden the hundred yards or so to the wagon I 'd borrowed from the local oil merchant .
tr	I	They may not love them way the the child wishes she was loved .
tr	O	So she would take her daughter 's advice and make a potion .
tr	I	He tensed and his held breath when she nibbled a path to his neck .
tr	I	I playing was a part .
tr	I	She was proud of the that fact she didn 't cringe at the mention of the sugary treat but she really hated donuts .
tr	I	Demetri had said we could a make huge date out of dress shopping .
tr	I	His wings brushed both her arms , and up down , tickling , caressing , raising goosebumps on her flesh .
tr	I	Nor was it the wind of change that sensed she now .
tr	I	Hunter had fallen next , piercing bullets his chest , too .
tr	O	She caught a few details and wished she had something to write on , desperately wanting to take notes .
tr	O	He really had been hit by a John ... no one could make anything nasty out of that name at school .
tr	O	I motioned for Don to come but he sat on the rock and totally ignored us .
tr	O	Adrianne started to undress , taking off her frumpy over-sized sweater and large scarf .
tr	I	He to had be wrong .
tr	O	Taking a moment to focus , he envisioned the orb being formed as he had during all of the previous attempts .
tr	O	By nightfall the horse was weary .
tr	O	They were either asleep or wondering what was going causing their power outages .
tr	I	First they go 'll crazy .
tr	I	He found the furnishing his to liking .
tr	I	Rich muttered his under breath .
tr	I	In fairy a tale , there 'd be a third encounter ; there are always three .
tr	I	All too he soon stiffened .
tr	I	You ladies ordered stripper a .
tr	I	But that not 's how you make real credit on this planet .
tr	I	It will take my father an hour or so regain to his composure , and by then it will be too late .
tr	O	he yelled at the top of his lungs .
tr	O	Alanna closed her eyes momentarily and breathed the winter 's air in deeply to steady her nerves as the coach pulled up to the palace .
tr	I	She had no idea if she was going to land on hard ground or keep falling to death her .
tr	O	Boxes and bags were piled along the walls , and the room appeared dusty and unused .
tr	I	Not me pull into it .
tr	I	He makes motion a with his hands of an explosion .
tr	O	I don 't know , maybe I 'm crazy , but there was this weird connection with him .
tr	I	There wasn 't striking anything about him .
tr	O	In the meantime , she wants to know a few things .
tr	O	I cannot walk in the sun .
tr	O	Who knew if the old cannon in the fort really would have been useful against us Americans .
tr	I	She in nodded agreement .
tr	O	Seth stepped forward only to receive a kick in the ribs from Jackson .
tr	O	It was all the same bog , though .
tr	I	Nick paused , and his eyes Kelly met 's .
tr	O	She deserved peace in death , and she could never die peacefully until Hank Adaline dies .
tr	O	You 're such a little prude , you know that ?
tr	O	If she were dreaming , her body thought it was real and was responding with a buildup of pressure she couldn 't begin to ignore .
tr	O	Augustine turned to me .
tr	O	Raja glanced up to read the notice board that stood facing the Colaba highway of Mumbai .
tr	O	Jace spoke with conviction .
tr	O	From the doorway , Blaine 's eyes followed her .
tr	O	I wish he weren 't dead , so I might ask him where he learned to rip open portals like that .
tr	O	The first strike did not take his head , so she hacked and hacked until it fell off .
tr	O	He doesn 't move away .
tr	O	One of them shakes his head and they both continue moving forward without answering my question .
tr	O	It was stained in the four colors of the Navajo that were so precious to her .
tr	O	He tried a few of the doors covering the walls .
tr	O	The kid smiled even brighter and raked up the money .
tr	O	She was in so much pain .
tr	O	James takes the keys from her hand and then starts toward the door .
tr	O	It would be hot , but there was no help for it .
tr	O	I had to be pregnant .
tr	O	I could never be with anyone in that family , not without thinking of Leith , of his hands and his body .
tr	O	I figured I had about four minutes until security showed up .
tr	O	If they were to give up on their cause , even in the last days of their life , then they were incomplete .
tr	O	In the dim twilight beneath the dense trees , it would have been very hard to see without the dusty lanterns that the crew had brought .
tr	O	He 'd just never dreamed it was him ... Light crept through the window as the sun began to rise .
tr	O	Kevin 's muffled voice came from the storeroom .
tr	O	It can be VERY important .
tr	O	Cain 's eyes glowed dangerously .
tr	O	Excited to make a new friend .
tr	O	Tegan 's wails echoed down the silent suburban street .
tr	O	I don 't like this jealousy I feel , but I can 't deny it either .
tr	O	One final turn from at the vampire who 'd altered my life in so many ways .
tr	O	She filled the pot with boiling water and placed it at the edge of the range , to simmer and draw .
tr	O	By the time Clay and Rodney had been on the scene for fifteen minutes , word had spread .
tr	O	He didn 't even say please and thank you .
tr	O	Lost in the patterns , I jumped as a voice pulled me out of my musings .
tr	O	If I were to travel to the future without him , there is no telling if I would survive the trip .
tr	O	I tried to soften my manner .
tr	O	Apples have always been so complicated to reproduce that we can only do so with little results .
tr	O	She was approaching the edge of the cliff .
tr	O	They were black with filth and dusty black drapes were drawn tight behind them .
tr	O	With some surprise , he took it and shook .
tr	O	I have family out west .
tr	O	Those empty halls and chambers became a battleground , and a region of brooding terror .
tr	O	Ted decided it was time to pick up the pace a bit .
tr	O	She wanted Kim to reach the same conclusion .
tr	O	Was Seth doomed to have his life change as drastically as the rest of these boys ?
tr	O	Brick opened out the silken paper .
tr	O	The men who came with me to conquer this new land are the best our homeland had to offer .
tr	O	He pulled out a short whip and slashed it through the air , striking the philosopher across the face .
tr	O	Hard or soft , ten touches ends the contest .
tr	O	The traditional Easter basket searches .
tr	O	It was the curved one , with the scabbard of black , painted with the twisting dragon , red and gold .
tr	O	His lips curve into a grin and he winks at me .
tr	O	' What are you playing at , kid ?
tr	O	Alexia poked an accusatory finger at her stil - flat stomach .
tr	O	I then thought of a song that was perfect for the two of us .
tr	O	A miracle that shaped the twins ' upbringing from the start itself ... The couple had had no children of their own .
tr	O	Carol knew it would be easier to bend a tire iron than persuade her mother to remove the binoculars and sit down before she made a scene .
tr	O	They had come out of the tunnel into an enormous cavern , half-filled with an underground lake .
tr	O	I suddenly felt kind of stupid but then pushed such feelings aside .
tr	O	To rub it in that she 's happy ?
tr	O	I thought maybe we could play around .
tr	O	The screen did not respond .
tr	O	As the thunder crackled , a figure dropped from the sky , landing all fours the grass .
tr	O	Mrs. Dawson patted Lora 's hand .
tr	O	Adam reached his hands across the table for hers , but she set her hands in her lap .
tr	O	It wasn 't a fight to the death either , but if any of the Pack happened to witness it , it would become one .
tr	O	The need ebbed that little bit .
tr	O	In the dim light of the museum it caught the spotlights on the exhibits , twinkling as if with its own light .
tr	O	Jason had thought it cold earlier in the morning , but the temperature had continued to slowly drop throughout the day .
tr	O	But Paulette lacked much ; mainly a solid plot .
tr	O	Edson is not so jovial , which is why he is their captain .
tr	O	Thomas flipped off the concrete partition , up over the creature and blasted a barrage of gun fire into the top of his head .
tr	O	Then they had been there for many months , and hopefully they would remain , for as long as it took me to get back there .
tr	O	She pushed again on the boy 's back , this time with much more force .
tr	O	It was a long time before James joined me .
tr	O	After about an hour , Neil pops his head out of the back door .
tr	O	He had fallen in love with Mikaela and settled his whole world on the creaky foundation of that emotion .
tr	O	He turned and stepped off the back porch and quickly jogged to the alley .
tr	O	I don 't know how I can afford to take the chance on you .
tr	O	Like Lance had done with me , except he hadn 't had the decency to end things before starting up with someone else .
tr	O	I kind of liked it before too . '
tr	O	' I will get Rose .
tr	O	My clock said it was just after two in the morning .
tr	O	Otis has called me twice this morning to tell me I 'd better watch my step .
tr	O	Could there just be two primal particles at the super high temperatures of the early universe of grand theory of everything ?
tr	O	His feet hung off the edge of the bed , and for a brief second I thought he seemed too big to be my Jack .
tr	O	Many years ago , he owned a neighborhood family grocery store on Avenue A in the East village .
tr	O	Sam slipped out of the tent and bolted for freedom , not being as careful as before .
tr	O	It had to be at least two feet long .
tr	O	Her low voice shook with rage .
tr	O	He wiggled in her grip but she just scowled and made it tighter .
tr	O	We laughed a lot , and it was nice to just talk about nothing .
tr	O	It couldn 't be true .
tr	O	The grain was good and strong .
tr	O	The second gets us to June of 1993 .
tr	O	You 've proven your love for your neighbors and God is love .
tr	O	I stood up to leave .
tr	O	Noelle joined them and asked Tommy if he wanted to go bike riding with her .
tr	O	Final y , a nurse walked in , slightly confused by the spectacle on the floor .
tr	O	Look , even though there could be something there it doesn 't change anything . '
tr	O	Another surge of robots pushed through the door , and she picked them off until her gun whined and vibrated in her hand .
tr	O	Yes , in the end , my day really had been pretty good .
tr	O	The tourists were several and the girl took it calmly .
tr	O	Since it was a special order , Colt 's mother bought the floor model .
tr	O	It took several tries to get into the main part .
tr	O	I shrug and shift the phone to my other ear .
tr	O	It coursed through him and stung his eyes , bringing tears of joy and the sudden , almost instinctual words of gratitude from his lips .
tr	O	If Grayson didn 't see my point , I would make him see .
tr	O	After inspection , she continued drying her hair when she began to think about how her dream had ended : by falling down and hitting her head .
tr	O	He was beginning to lose faith , but she 'd redeemed herself at the bar .
tr	O	That shuts us up .
tr	O	But he was telling the truth .
tr	O	She shouldn 't be doing this .
tr	O	Ingle made a small , fluttering motion with one elegantly manicured nail .
tr	O	She didn 't like the way her mind wandered when she was around Sam .
tr	O	Gray had snapped a picture with his cell phone of Suzy 's reaction the first time Henry spit up on her .
tr	O	The supernatural occurrences were stacking one on top of the other .
tr	O	He looked at ease , despite his crumbling financial world .
tr	O	The men exchanged creased brows , but didn 't question them .
tr	O	She nodded and kept working .
tr	O	He feared she , like the kelp , might invade his privacy with a touch .
tr	O	Ms. Talbot looked me over .
tr	O	They invited us to their headquarters to negotiate , where upon they took us and tortured us for a week straight .
tr	O	Then he sat down in the front room and waited .
tr	O	That had been something she 'd promised her mother she would never do .
tr	O	Allyson had challenged Willem to name one couple who hadn 't just fallen in love but had remained in love , had stayed stained .
tr	O	Cale stiffened over her , then drove inside her , even deeper than before .
tr	O	I felt confident and happy about him praising me , but there was something that I 'm not satisfied with the whole thing , not yet .
tr	O	Her voice broke on the plea .
tr	O	His wicked smile widened .
tr	O	There arose an aroma of ... pork pie ?
tr	O	Lori was the tough one , able to take care of herself , sometimes taking care of Nikki .
tr	O	Taking all his symptoms into consideration , Nick guessed he 'd been unconscious for a good few hours .
tr	O	But my first college roommate was ten times worse .
tr	O	Don 't show anyone this e-mail .
tr	O	There was a heavy pause and I tensed as I heard the door close and footsteps coming closer into the living room .
tr	O	Human , he 'd said , the single word driving home their differences in a big way .
tr	O	Mac started up the car .
tr	O	Kevin has seen a side of me that I can 't remember .
tr	O	What a great opportunity for you .
tr	O	Dan lifted the barrel of the gun slightly where the bullets ripped into the great beast 's throat and upwards into the snout .
tr	O	Conrad , wiping his face with a towel , walked up to me .
tr	O	When ' Rapid Robert ' found a job working in a local car lot , our elk hunting adventures began .
tr	O	As she touched the wounds , images flashed through her mind .
tr	O	That 's fine I thought , trying to keep my face neutral .
tr	O	Fryer was at least a dozen years older , maybe even fifteen .
tr	O	Did that just come out of his mouth ?
tr	O	He turned and looked at me , guilt in his eyes .
tr	O	It seemed like ages before I forced myself to look .
tr	O	Kenta , turn the power in the house back on !
tr	O	He smiled back at me , his white teeth gleaming against his pale skin .
tr	O	Things between us had always been fairly easy .
tr	O	Oh , yes , a very fitting place .
tr	O	He looks around the room .
tr	O	He knew that right now , Iseo was instructing Celestino .
tr	O	I had used up all my savings and was in limbo for a business loan .
tr	O	Brian leaned back pausing to take a long drink from his silver can of beer .
tr	O	She 'd written him long , lovesick letters and posted them to Harrow .
tr	O	I turn around and find my father arranging knives on top of a massive , black rock at the edge of the clearing .
tr	O	Chad pulled Bree along as they made their way down the plain , narrow hallway .
tr	O	He walked to the railing along the upper deck , still holding the chef by the throat .
tr	O	There was only one option .
tr	O	He remembered the night when he had made the decision to turn his back on killing .
tr	O	After Lea was done with that , she decided to do some shadow boxing .
tr	O	She remembered the last time he did this and began to cry silently , her shoulders stiff , tears flowing quietly down her cheeks .
tr	O	Jacob slid the key into the ignition and cranked the engine .
tr	O	Dawn was but a few hours away when she finally climbed into the tent to the sound of Daniel 's gentle snoring .
tr	O	Since the night they 'd lain together , they 'd avoided touching , both afraid it would lead to more .
tr	O	Amber stiffened her spine and gave a single nod .
tr	O	She wanted nothing more than to have him inside her again .
tr	O	I 've seen the holy books of other races , and they mean absolutely nothing to me . '
tr	O	Johnny looked at her but , negotiating traffic , Linda didn 't say more .
tr	O	Grace launched herself onto Daddy 's back , and Daddy carried her into the kitchen , plopping her down in her seat at the table .
tr	O	Veron needed a much bigger production facilities in a secretive area .
tr	O	After all the time that had passed since they first came here there was little to show they had been here at all .
tr	O	The chill inside her grew ; her body became hollow as the hope inside her curdled like three month old milk .
tr	O	She smiled at him , then continued chewing .
tr	O	A warm hand rubbed his leg just above the knee .
tr	O	Seven would be preferable .
tr	O	He opened up the back of the SUV and rummaged around for a duffel bag he kept there .
tr	O	Jaxon plays the guitar and Lea sings and when they get up on stage magic happens because they show so much emotion toward each other .
tr	O	Timmy asked with renewed focus .
tr	O	His eyelids fluttered and he stared at her with pleading eyes .
tr	O	The trees flew passed us as we looked through the window .
tr	O	I was taken out of the crowd , brought to the center of town , and whipped with a lash by the Prince of Lions himself .
tr	O	His eyes studied him intensely .
tr	O	Charlie bellowed at Edward , his voice much closer now .
tr	O	Guess they don 't use bells anymore .
tr	O	Nick was already up so I went into the living room to find him .
tr	O	Winston turned away before he could say anything unwise in front of the mech wolves .
tr	O	The guy ´ s psycho , Darwin , or whatever his name is .
tr	O	She could tell he was reluctant to scare her ; she could also tell he fully believed it was connected .
tr	O	Does that make sense ?
tr	O	Sounds to me as if you like him a little more than you are letting on . '
tr	O	It was the first time Thor had seen him afraid of anything .
tr	O	Most of the women and children were now mounted with a soldier .
tr	O	His legs felt like they could barely support him as he rose to meet the young noblewoman .
tr	O	I changed in the study and snuck back down the hall to the front door with my purse and coat in hand .
tr	O	one of them said loudly .
tr	O	She carried a secret she didn 't want to share .
tr	O	Jesse has those placed around any safe houses or buildings we might use .
tr	O	Spinning to his left , Thoth struck out at the same time with the blade , sinking it deeply into the creature 's side .
tr	O	And I should have known what to expect .
tr	O	Empty cars driving down congested freeways .
tr	O	Shush up now , people are gon na hear you .
tr	O	The wires conduct an electrical charge to the target , which renders the hostile immobile .
tr	O	But I don 't really know that the way you think I do .
tr	O	We got out of the car and walked towards the church .
tr	O	He tenderly laid her on the ground , then rushed to strap the dead demon to his back .
tr	O	I sighed and let my hands fall to my sides .
tr	O	Rema hadn 't expected the conversation to begin like this .
tr	O	And bone up on a little French .
tr	O	I 'm so impressed with the man you 've turned into .
tr	O	I don 't even know if the building next door houses a coffee shop or a funeral home .
tr	O	Plato , his beard seeming a shade darker somehow , reluctantly ordered whomever it was to step onto the balcony .
tr	O	I was sure I left those inside thoroughly entertained and confused .
tr	O	Her matching red panties come into view , and I know I can 't watch anymore .
tr	O	Her hair sparkles as the fog adheres to her curls .
tr	O	What was he wearing ?
tr	O	The room was suddenly too small for him .
tr	O	I have checked my watch at least a dozen times in the past hour , as if that will make the time go faster .
tr	O	He 's got his shirt tucked into his back pocket and his muscled back is glistening with sweat .
tr	O	I could feel strength coming from somewhere inside me , a new sense of warmth wrapping me up in ribbons and rags .
tr	O	Fatigue was evident in Heather 's gait and her small tent was a welcome refuge .
tr	O	He entered his office alone and closed its doors before he crossed to his desk .
tr	O	We were just friends .
tr	O	She could have been involved with this guy the whole time and not told me .
tr	O	He pushed the door further and moved inside into the cellar room .
tr	O	Rachel didn 't understand why he would give her an out after he 'd been waiting for so long , but she was grateful for the consideration .
tr	O	I don 't mean to be , but it seems that it 's the Universe 's little joke .
tr	O	He 'd be making a lot more visits to McDonald 's now that he was free of his father .
tr	O	The silence that met this was long and dark and unbroken .
tr	O	Not a chance in hell .
tr	O	Todd put two bullets in him before he could .
tr	O	Do you think it 's possible to move him when he 's like this ?
tr	O	I remembered the lighting rig that had crushed her and her body lying in an alley -- but that was all gone .
tr	O	I wasn 't even sure about the follow-up .
tr	O	They saw the customs guy close up shop and they like to come see what might have been left behind .
tr	O	I rolled open the map and stared blankly at the markings and symbols .
tr	O	Then her hand crashes into my cheek .
tr	O	Sure , they had the superficial appearance of youth , but it was marred with evil and decay .
tr	O	Evidently , in theory , sharing a horse with Liam was not a problem .
tr	O	And then the door to the meditation chamber exploded from its hinges and slammed flat to the stone floor .
tr	O	It was time to start casting .
tr	O	The card holder smiled knowingly .
tr	O	Had it inspired him to finally take action , and reach out for the seventeen year old girl who drew him so strongly ?
tr	O	Jake glanced down and grimaced at the state of his clothes .
tr	O	' Would someone please bring me another cup of wine , ' she asked in a tragic voice .
tr	O	' You 've never had a hangover , I expect , ' said the oh god .
tr	O	Then the hill leveled out into a plateau .
tr	O	She might as well get that out there and face up to the reality .
tr	O	He licked her palm again .
tr	O	He made me feel small .
tr	O	They were her family , and they had come to our rescue more than once .
tr	O	He waved his arm in the same way as he had when he had been waving off the worry about the drug in the first place .
tr	O	With a determined look on her face , she burst through the dining room door .
tr	O	Knocking on Eva 's door , it opens and I see Reginald , Amanda and Gabriel talking about the spirits .
tr	O	The hill sat in a vast plain that gave one the feeling of deep emptiness .
tr	O	And now I had to leave the only place I 'd ever considered home .
tr	O	He walked proudly in front of the carriage and we walked sadly behind it .
tr	O	He was staring at the wide strip of flesh my ill-fitting shirt was showing off .
tr	O	He closed his eyes again .
tr	O	Ethan 's apartments - we shared them , but they bore his stamp - were on the third floor .
tr	O	' Yeah sure , ' said Paul , none the wiser and uncertain whether she was going to make any sense at all .
tr	O	How in the world could he make her so aware of him not only as a person , but also as a male ?
tr	O	Or did she routinely come into the chat room to get updates on important operations ?
tr	O	She made a face at him , stuck out her tongue .
tr	O	Helen 's eyes swept up her frame .
tr	O	' Don 't criticize my cooking until you 've tasted it . '
tr	O	He got down on his hands and knees on the thick , new carpet , and crawled toward me like an animal .
tr	O	It 's my turn to kiss him then .
tr	O	I sit for some time .
tr	O	And then he lay still .
tr	O	she exclaimed , now climbing up and then holding on to the top bar .
tr	O	Then she and her band of protectors were crossing the street .
tr	O	Everyone was focused on getting forward through the doorway to aid the First Lord .
tr	O	It was cool and just weighty enough to be intriguing .
tr	O	Because the restaurant was closed and all the employees had left , she 'd locked up .
tr	O	After a couple of seconds , she opened her eyes and lunged right at Mace .
tr	O	It was early on a warm August Monday morning that Chrissy really crossed her brother 's line .
tr	O	The alternative was to kill a foe often enough to keep your hat red .
tr	O	Amy kissed Elliot on the cheek with her large lips , her black head seeming enormous alongside his .
tr	O	As we passed one cluster , the vamp closest to us snapped his head to the side to gaze at us .
tr	O	Ah , well , what could I say ?
tr	O	Sarah questioned as they shook their heads .
va	I	Chapter Thirty-eight Matt was distant during the sunset drive back Wellesley to -- so distant that he barely spoke to me .
va	I	Simone 't couldn think straight with him kissing her like this .
va	I	He drove fast to wherever we were headed , playing the radio a little louder than usual , he as tapped the steering wheel to the beat .
va	O	It was a tough job .
va	O	Alex 's photo appeared on the screen .
va	I	She looked at him and took a moment understand to .
va	I	Except maybe Ava , but she didn 't anymore care .
va	O	And she knew Cain could surely read her well enough to know that .
va	O	' Come on , I suggest we move ... We 've got a long ride ahead of us tomorrow , we should find an inn . '
va	O	For five years everything seemed to be okay especially with the birth of a son Ray .
va	O	There was nothing he could say .
va	O	Our interaction only took five minutes , after I waited forty-five for him to get to me .
va	O	She gestured to herself and stuck out her tongue .
va	O	Encouraged by the improvement in her mental acuity , she decided not to ring for the nurse to request more pain medication .
va	O	I left the girl , abandoned her , because I was married .
va	O	He 's a blabber mouth and I just happened to be the first person he told about it . '
va	I	It only one takes slip-up and in one blow we can lose our ranking and our supporters .
va	I	And what kiss a it is !
va	I	They in waited silence , long after every last remnant of shadow was no more .
va	I	A hotel took porter down a trolley of luggage .
va	I	I do not think running around seeking danger is what I want the for light to my darkness .
va	O	With that , Falconer insisted everyone set his or her watch accordingly .
va	O	He could step out at any second .
va	O	A smiling concierge approached to ask if we needed any help .
va	I	He hoped it was someone sympathetic his to cause -- he was a deserter after all .
va	I	She came over , stood him beside , and then to his stunned surprise put her arm around his waist and for an instant pressed against him .
va	O	We 've both been so intent on protecting the other that we 've forgotten that we 're best when we 're strong .
va	O	I slide into the bed beside her and wrap my arms around her .
va	I	She breathed deeply , calming herself as she always did in any situation threatening .
va	O	And if I wasn 't here , I think I 'd want to talk to Penny every day , too .
va	O	I could not free myself from the amber eye .
va	O	It was entirely too cold to be out there in a short-sleeve T-shirt and shorts , and I wished I 'd brought my hoodie .
va	O	There hadn 't been time to force answers .
va	O	Then he spoke quietly .
va	O	We didn 't make love again .
va	I	He smiling keeps , but doesn 't laugh .
va	O	I am not sure I care about the boy , but I care about something .
va	O	But he wasn 't looking anywhere except at her .
va	O	Sam asked , not taking the hint with Dare 's one-word answers .
va	I	Reginald silently thanked for him the courtesy .
va	O	I could feel the need coursing through his hand on my breast and thigh .
va	O	But right now , Marissa tapped one high-heeled black sandal and waited for this man 's response to Reese 's question .
va	I	There was no profit those to actions .
va	O	His muscles felt like mush , and he was so weak he could barely lift his arm .
va	O	Paul Martin 's office was on the twenty-fifth floor in an office building on Wall Street .
va	O	I don 't think he goes to the museum much .
va	O	She 'd barely caught a glimpse of him .
va	O	She could only guess what was happening in the other room , but she knew it wasn 't pretty .
va	I	Picking up a pen lying in front of her on the table , she down jotted the latest development on a lengthy piece of parchment .
va	O	Going for dinner was the signal that it was someone serious but that could be any one of a dozen people .
va	I	' We just can find another way mate . '
va	I	What had done she ?
va	O	I had playfully punched him in the shoulder .
va	I	I thought about it for moment a .
va	I	Bundling up a generous reticule , I bid our housekeeper good day and left house the .
va	I	Several hands that had been up went down , and their owners quickly gravitated the to smaller group that had begun to form by the front doors .
va	I	This how is it went .
va	O	What will this do if we let it happen ?
va	I	She had right no to want his affections .
va	I	He heard singing briefly and opened his eyes .
va	O	But if he hadn 't lost his visions , none of this would be necessary .
va	O	You 're kidding me , right ?
va	I	The light throws shadows across his face , accentuating the square of cut his jaw , the elegant , gentle slope of his nose .
va	O	I 'd like to meet him .
va	O	Seth watched Erin fall and watched the .357 slide across the ship and into the river .
va	O	Even if I go to your school he 'll still be dogging me , always looking over my shoulder .
va	O	I have destroyed so many I cannot count that high , nor would I want to .
va	I	She the brought tray over to the low table , and I noticed she had set it for two .
va	I	she asked as rose she from her chair .
va	O	I ordered and hesitating , the men started to turn towards me .
va	I	My teeth tear at my lower lip swallow to the instinctive cry .
va	I	She his searched face .
va	O	Dalton replied with a grin .
va	O	* Jolie hadn 't mentioned to anyone that she had been present at Mary 's death .
va	I	There were a few stragglers on the lawn , but had we lost else everyone ?
va	O	My cheeks flushed with embarrassment .
va	O	As you know , it channels the magic and makes you stronger .
va	O	Lucas was down there .
va	I	With that she gone was .
va	O	He 'd stared at her so much tonight he 'd probably missed half the show .
va	I	' You ... were salivating , ' said Cassandra .
va	I	Something in him had changed the moment he 'd given that her warning .
va	O	His east London accent couldn 't be reassuring either .
va	I	This ... this was fate my because I had no right to be in this world .
va	I	Basically , there are two reasons why 1.1 : .
va	O	Skepticism was part of her nature ; she couldn 't help it .
va	I	' Why do they you want ? '
va	O	I cough wildly , trying to find my breath as Dex keeps his hands on either side of my shoulders , steadying me .
va	O	His hand fell to the floor .
va	O	Taking deep breaths to calm myself and prepare for what was to come , I coaxed the power away from the star .
va	O	Her mother was after all , a real worry wart .
va	O	She smiled , feeling a warm thrill run right through her heart .
va	I	I would 've loved to see Owen 's face as I walked towards him this in dress .
va	O	Isaiah stood up and reached out his paw .
va	O	And then I pinch my lips together with my hand as more hazy memories swarm me .
va	I	He left few a years back . '
va	I	They were surrounded by reporters trying still to get a rise out of Chris and Duff .
va	O	Was that really all it took for them to go away ?
va	O	I HATED TO WASTE ANY PART OF THE NIGHT IN SLEEP , but that was inevitable .
va	O	Abby promised she would .
va	O	Charmaine pressed her body to Lorenzo and didn 't object when his wide hands moved lower on her body .
va	O	It was too nice to be real .
va	I	But now it is diminished , its form lost , its twisted soul melded mine with .
va	I	I glide over it my arm , feeling the smooth metal then hold the tiny screwdriver .
va	I	But Deb , course of , was frantic .
va	O	He and Deni would be free to be alone together , mates in the wild , as Shifters were meant to be .
va	I	Her giggle his sparked laughter .
va	I	Tried to volunteer me a for weapons test .
va	I	She felt like choosing between her job or heart her was like being asked to literally choose me over herself .
va	I	In nothing more a than quiet whisper , the floor ignites in flames .
va	O	You 're not a Sentinel anymore .
va	I	The were rules clear .
va	O	He grunted , then collapsed onto the hard blue tile , his chest continuing to rise and fall as he drew in oxygen .
va	I	Of course it 's also to important hope that the winter fertilizer which I describe later , was not on the ground where the errant steaks landed .
va	O	Nothing he said or did could be taken seriously .
va	O	So , how are the gigs going ? '
va	I	I knew was this the knife .
va	O	For the remainder of the trip , Celestino did not utter a single word to anyone .
va	O	That didn 't sound as welcoming as she 'd tried to make it .
va	I	He was practically human still .
va	I	Angel wings look condensed like sunlight .
va	I	she said , by of way greeting .
va	I	When he finally jumps inside room the , I slam the door shut .
va	I	I wanted to call Merrill it but was daylight .
va	I	I just can now 't .
va	I	Whereupon our guy would the grab rear door and slide in right next to the kid .
va	I	He walked over to her and picked her up in tight a bear hug .
va	I	Remember that the for bridesmaid 's dress .
va	O	The elves were very long-lived and so had low fertility , as new individuals were not required as replacements very often .
va	O	She laid her hand against his stomach and her brows rose .
va	I	But of all this changed one day .
va	I	Hart hand 's came around her jaw again .
va	I	I am saying it that have you to understand the basic problems in our existing world view to realize why it is not serving us right .
va	I	He was amazed that his ears on the surrogate also had an adjustment for sound , so thankfully he was to able turn up the volume .
va	O	Noah lets out a deep guttural laugh .
va	O	It sounded to him as if the poor creature wasn 't right in the head .
va	O	The second tentacle swung back to grip him along with the first .
va	O	I guess I got a little jealous .
va	I	These people weren going 't to save me .
va	O	However , if I died tomorrow , I 'd never forgive her if she decided to go with me .
va	I	The Council could see what was coming , but they broke no rules by making us things figure out on our own .
va	I	Garrett glanced back at Shelby , wiping of drops rain from his face .
va	I	There was a sound rattling of toilet paper on the roll , and Ali froze and looked up .
va	I	Each thud followed was by a muffled crack .
va	O	I grabbed my backpack , stuffing the shopping bag inside .
va	I	The words so were lacking .
va	I	Daphne gripped my hand even tighter , her Valkyrie strength crunching my bones together , I but didn 't pul away .
va	O	Her friend stood in front of her with arrogance , and she was no longer the girl in black she knew .
va	O	Her slender body was cloaked with a white hooded cape .
va	O	We talked , had sex ( what I thought was great sex back then ) , and went on our merry way .
va	I	Seeing the labels , a jolt ran through him : They all had skulls -- that universal sign poison of .
va	I	It seemed to so move slowly .
va	I	Again , Nicolas conjured up catalog a of essentials and this list too was made overlong .
va	I	-- and not had knowing thrown me even further off course .
va	O	My patience is at an all-time low .
va	O	I 'm sure he 's enjoying himself , but he 's just so concentrated on me , my facial expressions , how I 'm reacting .
va	I	They exited and again had wait to .
va	I	He been had in worse spots .
va	O	I located them with a casual glance and covertly watched them as they discussed their options in a low voice .
va	I	She hoped it that wouldn 't mean walking into his own execution .
va	I	For some reason , he wanted her to approve -- of him , of his business , of house his .
va	O	She looked like a warrior .
va	I	Yes , Angelina even found herself on the list of invitations to some of the parties her classmates on held the weekends .
va	I	I guess it was just a matter of time I before asked her to marry me .
va	I	Flashlight in one hand , he was feeling around the propeller shaft with the hand other .
va	O	Her chest grew heavy with indecision again .
va	I	Eddie to turned Persephone .
va	I	Eve yelped , clapped a hand to her wounded cheek , blinked and .
va	I	A of huff incredulity burst out at his emphatic declaration .
va	I	But Matthew wanted to nothing do with Amelia .
va	O	He leaned down until he was nose to nose with the one who looked most afraid .
va	O	As his ears readjusted to the quietness , he picked up the sounds of movement in several directions .
va	O	You have enjoyed our hospitality these many years and served us well , but we are hungry and it was time to clear your house .
va	O	She points just shy of the piano .
va	O	Yes , it 's your boyfriend Hunter .
va	I	Needless to say that the ' other ' jobs had to be cleared by first MI6 .
va	O	He flicked the cow and , once more , the big animal lurched forward to continue their journey .
va	O	How many potential spies and assassins were within his midst ?
va	I	She would be wealthy soon , she said , and she wanted that to be the last free lunch her friends would from expect her .
va	O	If she refused to know , there would be nothing to know .
va	I	Sanding kind was of relaxing .
va	O	She had never spoken to him again , had almost forgotten about the incident until this moment .
va	I	There was only one Pratt thing loved more than the fight itself and that was going into battle with the right weapon .
va	O	Like things were right again .
va	I	I heard sigh her .
va	O	Did she care enough to pry ?
va	I	I 't can drink blood .
va	I	I cover cup the of her bra , lifting and squeezing the flesh encased beneath .
va	I	This topic is not for up discussion .
va	O	She remembered him banging on her door , dragging herself off the bed , and yes , collapsing into his arms .
va	O	He was dragged away on the rocky bottom .
va	I	The disembodied came voice out of nowhere .
va	O	With one more peck on the lips he smiled and released his hand from mine .
va	I	Even though the in light the room was on , Arabella remained under the covers , reading by flashlight .
va	I	I want to share this amazing place with our friends but I also want to keep it as Alec and secret my place .
va	O	Zander had been talking to his mother about me .
va	I	I glanced over at Bryn and she seemed more interested in the high than risers us talking about being wasted .
va	O	He didn 't want the warrior near Vela .
va	O	That seemed like overkill , though , when she had an armed federal agent for backup .
va	O	With a soft electronic ding , the wide elevator doors slid open .
va	O	He had endured the center of the earth , hadn 't he ?
va	O	He laughs again , big achingly beautiful belly laughs .
va	I	I to want watch you make yourself come .
va	O	Her birth mother seemed to intuitively ask the right questions .
va	I	It terrified Chloe to see him like this and she 't wasn sure what she needed to do .
va	I	I don 't understand he how does this to me .
va	I	The looked boy pained once again .
va	I	When we were both dressed - still and partly splattered with mud - we resumed our duty .
va	I	Dr Soames visibly bristled , but he still was a long way from losing control .
va	O	I was happy to meet them .
va	I	He paused , cruel a smile on his lips .
va	I	A shadow fell over her face , and her leapt heart .
va	I	Given the chance , Victor intended to negotiate with everyone down for below an alliance .
va	O	Amanda went to a local university to get a degree in political science .
va	I	A power that she could not or touch see .
va	O	Annalise is certain that if there were , they 'd all be doing the same as him .
va	O	The traitor that was the man she loved actually talked to her mother the entire time she was drying her hair .
va	O	You know me , Aunt Mercy .
va	I	The older girls and the women , most still naked from their beds , were driven , much with prodding and laughter , towards the central square .
va	I	They were both drunk getting .
va	I	She was feigning in disinterest the answer , but she knew however he replied was vitally important to her .
va	I	Although he 'd tried to make clear it that he was the most emotionally unavailable man she 'd probably ever meet , she was becoming attached .
va	O	Today has been bad enough already .
va	O	On his head was a lopsided cauldron with two uneven eye holes cut into its coal black belly .
va	I	There was boredom no behind those smiles , no less joy for having so little .
va	O	CHAPTER 3 Adrien loved his Paris shower .
va	I	Christopher glanced across the plane expecting to see Sara sleeping well as .
va	O	Despite his career change , Sawyer still smells the same , and not like fish or bait at all .
va	O	Then he started talking .
va	I	Xander 's focus changes to over something my shoulder .
va	I	Just as I was stepping inside door my , I heard Bennett call my name .
va	O	Her life 's blood drained from her body and she knew her time grew short .
va	I	Besides having a heart bold , she made friends handily , with strong bonds .
va	O	Well , not that Renna would admit .
va	O	Amy shook her head and wisely chose to ignore them .
va	I	Patrick stood in of front the small blaze ; Sue sat on her jeans , her knees drawn up to her breasts .
va	I	They all froze suddenly .
va	O	After wiping my eyes , I steadied myself and looked at him , my heart in my throat .
va	O	Never did he dread them .
va	I	Col. Zwart insisted , however , that there was nothing further could he do .
va	O	One of which , was to simply look as hysterical , and as emotionally vexed as can .
va	I	I carefully set her down , and my mother politely smiled .
va	O	She must still care , at least on some level .
va	I	Don 't up give , girl .
va	I	He raised a hand in farewell , but the boy leapt upon him a with ferocious hug .
va	I	At least , have I .
va	I	The Stranger raised his and hand flung back the dripping hair from his forehead .
va	I	A bucket of cold water would have done less damage to already my pounding blood .
va	I	They have 'll this whole area stitched up . '
va	I	Although , I wasn 't sure what anything he said meant , nor I did understand what Desmond had meant .
va	I	They met and married in their mid twenties and me had right away .
va	I	Ed and Jonna had purposely created defect the in the stamping tooling .
va	I	The windy day it was taken had on done nothing to improve either man 's image .
va	I	For a few the seconds scattered cloud cleared .
va	I	I just that hoped the work we 'd already done would be enough .
va	I	Woods gave way to higher a meadow .
va	O	Before he could put the car in gear though , she reached out and laid one hand over his .
va	O	Like a meteor Hephaestus lands between the fox and the boar causing them to jump backwards in fear .
va	O	His voice was barely above a whisper .
va	O	Finn stood up and stared down at the man .
va	O	I could smell the Earth on her , and I relaxed , comforted by her power .
va	O	Only Mike , she thought , would consider Campbell 's chicken gumbo soup authentic Cajun cuisine .
va	O	It was oddly military , but he didn 't seem like a soldier , or not one that the government trained .
va	I	Josie looked him at .
va	I	She up looked excitedly .
va	I	Nick looked sideways him at , studying his profile while JD 's attention was elsewhere .
va	O	She trembled with a mix of sadness and rage and seemed poised to pull the trigger accidentally or on a second 's notice .
va	I	Nausea hit below the belt , and he on leaned the stair rail .
va	I	Tristan over glanced at her , teeth clenched .
va	O	I booked out of the hotel and drove to my newest house , stopping along the way to buy some food for myself and for the kitten .
va	O	Harry sat back down and glanced at the picture on the screen I had been looking at .
va	I	He seen 'd it happen .
va	O	At Ashford Meadow , no one spoke of snails .
va	I	I nod , and move put to my knee on the bed , climbing up next to him .
va	O	My heart began beating rapidly just at the thought of it .
va	I	The good news that is his demeanor brought me relief in a curious manner .
va	O	Could it have been Gaston ?
va	I	Too the many centuries .
va	O	After all , I 'm moving to Tennessee in a matter of days .
va	O	What do you have to talk about except books , ' Martha said .
va	I	Jon see could the tension rippling down their arms with the effort it took them to remain in place .
va	I	Then he leaned back against Reginald 's breakfast counter and his crossed arms .
va	I	She reached for a Rocky Mountain oyster and popped it into her mouth , and moaned nearly as she chewed .
va	O	If the search was thrown out by Fawcett , then so was the evidence .
va	O	I told my father he could go on back to the city and I would just stay at the Hampton house for the night .
va	I	He turned to see the of love his life standing in the doorway .
va	O	He grit his teeth for a moment , feeling like he was making an ass of himself , but he pressed on .
va	I	Rocking up to gigs with this might you be the talk of the town . '
va	I	One by one pirates notice swords the in the air fighting each other .
va	O	She and Daniel had been on fire for each other during those uninhibited weeks of lovemaking .
va	O	They already went beyond the call of duty and got nothing for it except food , cham and minimal clothing .
va	I	But this man makes me safe feel .
va	I	Lea was trying to memorize as much possible as .
va	I	Zep as flinched if she 'd struck him .
va	O	Needing to do something , Billie closed her eyes and focused her thoughts inward .
va	I	It open was on the pedestal , right in front of me .
va	I	Gwen said , when she couldn 't stand the any silence longer .
va	I	He thrust deep withdrew and .
va	O	It was a note .
va	O	When I was done with my cold Chinese leftovers , I tossed the box into the trash and headed to my room , changing into my uniform .
va	I	The slid door open .
va	I	Then butler the departed , his uniform and formal stride reminding Christine of a toy soldier .
va	O	Eliot 's stomach jumped at the words .
va	O	He needed to think of a way around this or he might miss his opportunity to prevent the events of the day .
va	O	She hadn 't realized that she 'd been holding her breath in expectation .
va	O	But they sounded relaxed and ordinary , not worried about anything .
va	I	It was then that I knew a truce formed was -- between him and me and our families .
va	O	He had been awake for days now , and once he knew the direction the dragon was flying he was going to hunt it down .
va	O	And it was precisely that network of people who knew other people that was what Della was afraid of .
va	O	And what flowed into her , what her heart rejoiced to absorb ?
va	I	This girl suffers amnesia from , as you do .
va	I	Will rushed to it pick up , but I reached the object first .
va	I	I just trembled from the words .
va	O	The kiss is sweet .
va	O	Somebody has to do it . '
va	I	She around spun to face Sophia .
va	I	She wished she could have watched prepare him it .
va	I	For the third time he reminded he himself really should carry the laptop on these forays .
va	I	Kira and Leona were probably arguing proper about skirt length again .
va	I	He was exhausted and sore all over , but the food tasted good and he was just happy to have rest a .
va	I	Or I had not cared enough to learn ?
va	I	Taking a deep breath , he took best the scythe off the wall instead .
va	O	I glanced at Archer , but he was closely watching Daemon .
va	O	Of course he doesn 't want to go out with me .
va	I	She should have kids of her own with some lucky bastard who would get to touch her red incredible hair .
va	I	She must a have reason .
va	I	While it seemed rude to talk a about massacre , travel restrictions were fair game .
va	I	Recovering from her shock , Maddy pushed Edwin the towards door .
va	I	He did not his take eyes off Lillian .
va	I	Anguish rippled across his face when he finally to turned me .
va	O	Paula was visibly dismayed to think she might be saying goodbye to Lee when she was just getting to know him .
va	I	Brad felt more irritation then he justify could .
va	O	King Arthur came with him , but Lord reached the bag first and snatched up the bundle .
va	I	Maybe could I find some information about him .
va	I	You depart will our air space in 90 seconds .
va	O	I was feeling the effects of the alcohol , and I was in no mood for whatever it was she wanted to talk about .
va	O	That will bind her to the law and force her to participate .
va	O	When I came to , I think almost an hour had passed .
va	O	There was no light inside the building , making it hard to tell if anyone was in .
va	I	I gave him a quick peck on the lips and told family my ' bye .
va	I	From there the would advantage lay squarely with the reverend as the exertions took their toll on the creature .
va	I	From there , they were given map a of The Colony showing all the different wings and public areas .
va	O	It was almost a full time job making sure she ate regularly .
va	I	whispered a sorrowful girl faced , with black ringlets , to a light haired one .
va	O	A fall might not kill me , but good God , it would hurt .
va	I	A piece plaster of fell from the ceiling , narrowly missing Erin 's head .
va	O	Screams Olivia from the opposite side of the fence as I struggle .
va	O	There was a bright flash of light and then he was gone .
va	O	He wasn 't smiling , but he looked like he wanted to .
va	I	The fight seemed to gone have out of her then .
va	O	Lucia kept silent all the way back down the steps .
va	I	Say a late morning coffee that at café across the street ?
va	I	It was the first time he 'd moved enough for Michael notice to .
va	O	Not on this island , not with who truly ran this place .
va	I	After all , was she the boss here .
va	I	I my called family .
va	I	Aria stared fixedly at the stack of in papers her lap .
va	I	' The answer will by come visualising your desired outcome .
va	O	He sighed , his expression one of pained amusement .
va	I	A tear escapes corner the of my eye .
va	O	The faerie warrior reeled back , and Helen shot again .
va	O	She sucked in breath .
va	O	Had I just come down here for a sleep , and dreamt absolutely everything ?
va	I	His voice is raspy , all and air heat .
va	O	He had at least thirty minutes before any of his team would be called for a debriefing of the evening 's events .
va	O	Forget the fact that the soldiers at the base would probably just shoot them on sight .
va	I	On the other side of the counter lie a long , yellow table , some chairs , a and stool .
va	O	I clearly have terrible character judgment when it comes to men .
va	O	I cannot come in unless you invite me .
va	O	Albert stepped down into the room .
va	I	And the murder 't wasn committed with a firearm .
va	I	If was Henry with Eric , then Albert was still looking for his son ; he was still in one of the burning rooms .
va	O	I 'd always thought so , still thought so , even with my newfound liking for him .
va	I	He proposed our on second anniversary .
va	I	' I can seem 't to find a match .
va	I	CHAPTER 16 A terrible was dilemma laid straight at Pedro 's feet .
va	I	True , I may have kept the wide-screen , but I 'm guessing he wound with up better on-demand entertainment .
va	O	Expecting the flash and the clap , he blinked and held his position .
va	O	Sunday morning brought carnations , a mixed bunch of red and white .
va	I	You won 't judge me so harshly for what did I ?
va	O	But think about this .
va	O	What could he conjure that would stand any chance against a bunch of walking carrion ?
va	O	Directly in front of him was a stunning view of the Pacific Ocean through the floor-to-ceiling windows .
va	I	Production that of leaf was totally impractical .
va	I	But that knowledge is not to mine use .
va	I	Well , that refocused everyone attention 's back on her .
va	O	That 's all I would like to say at the moment .
va	O	It 's not a matter of his being told .
va	O	Investigating why the Society is interested in you .
va	I	Given the chance , he would have been here for Zoe , looking after her as he best could .
va	O	The two men walked to the door .
va	I	Can we trust at anyone all ?
va	O	And if Hell was after me , then that could be the only true reason .
va	I	There was nothing that screamed beautiful to when me I looked in the mirror .
va	I	As climax her started to build , she squeezed her inner walls around his cock .
va	I	Micah was simply more in everything , including the trouble he was beginning get to into .
va	I	A husband with went a home .
va	O	Chapter Twelve With that split-second decision , my life has changed forever .
va	I	The police officer returned my to car and handed the paper work to me .
va	O	Chapter Twenty - Two Pagan I was tired of this room .
va	O	Camille looked at me and placed her finger on her lip .
va	I	Of course , there was really one only way to find out .
va	I	She threw Corinne a quick , mischievous grin as she rolled through the next three stop signs and narrowly missed a jumping curb .
va	I	I stared Michael at .
va	I	He didn 't care if she kept reminding him , in subtle ways , she that 'd be leaving town .
va	I	It ´ s so sad to that think my world , Earth , could be gone in the coming days .
va	I	He her dropped wrist .
va	I	She didn 't deserve to live , and life too was painful .
va	O	Arousal pulsed through him .
va	O	But they will not be persuaded by this .
va	I	The whiteness flowed down into its wings , the one on the side him facing dipping almost low enough to brush the grass .
va	O	I fortify myself by thinking of you , and planning our life together .
va	I	If we had the tools here , I suggest would we search all of our cargo for another such device .
va	I	She so was beautiful to him .
va	I	She was so distressed that she accidently the dribbled filling from the pastry onto the front of her gown , ending her moment of remorseful introspection .
va	I	Obviously the silence in her loft him told everything he needed to know .
va	O	And you could always freeze it .
va	I	Morgan nodded quickly casting narrow glances at two the hunters behind him .
va	I	With the noises right done .
va	O	Eventually , just like it did in the Lecture Hall , my mind shuts off .
va	I	His arms left , but I 't couldn move .
va	I	It took the better part of an hour to convince him to even consider the idea .
va	I	A face worried looked out of the nest it had made .
va	I	But it appeared that was exactly Luke what had in mind as he bent to remove both of their shoes and socks .
va	O	Although inside he wondered if he preferred the whip .
va	I	Hours later , Detective Basso slowed against the curb front in of the farmhouse .
va	I	And again again and .
va	O	She will support me .
va	O	And where was the damned car ?
va	O	Kade shot him a disgruntled look .
va	I	I hear woman a bringing him coffee .
va	I	I to strained hear him .
va	I	Hadley 't hadn been around all week , so Devon hadn 't gotten the chance to ask her .
va	I	That was movies why existed -- to give inspiration .
va	O	I only wish she 'd never come out of this door .
va	I	It involved being bitten , usually when we in 're werewolf form .
va	I	Ashe took one last look at the photograph before turning to mist and turning then everyone else .
va	I	There was nothing but a single bed standing in a neat ward white .
va	I	She with sours her distorted face .
va	I	I ask , reducing the space between us as I inch closer to instill more fear and hopefully break him down he if 's hiding something .
va	I	When the door slammed , Hanna scampered up the to porch and stared at a plaque next to the doorbell .
va	O	She smiled the love of a mother .
va	I	He a wore larger-than-life smile .
va	O	Why , Nikola Tesla had an arbitrary , and baffling , aversion to pearls of all things .
va	O	Like other primal entities ( such as the earth and time ) , Tartarus is also a primordial force or deity .
va	O	He walks into the building 's beautiful glass lobby and stops to look around .
va	O	Or was he expecting me to do things I knew I wasn 't ready for ?
va	I	It goes for about ninety dollars pound a .
va	I	Olivia a made face .
va	O	She was in Lakewood , her home village that was in ruins .
va	I	After few a minutes of taking long deep breaths , I was able to control the airflow through my lungs .
va	O	It dawns just how important this project is to me .
va	O	Her comments finally put all my questions into a neat package .
va	O	I shook my head vehemently .
va	O	It was like his mother 's own rise to power in Andor many years before .
va	O	I see the look of sadness cross her face and I realize that she said were and not are .
va	O	I could tell this was going to be a really interesting date .
va	I	No people wonder were staring at him .
va	O	She watched him count the money , amazed at his generosity .
va	I	Utterly destroy with him her mouth and body .
va	O	On the mesa , above and behind him , the whooping and hollering suggested at least as many more .
va	O	More fire erupted in the square and people were trampled by the mob .
va	I	Death , death , every her breath proclaimed .
va	I	Roy lifted his again Bud .
va	I	Likely alone , because as much as he wanted her , she would have to set pace the this time .
va	O	She stepped from the hop house and out onto the street , vanishing behind the frozen door .
va	O	How could he possibly smile like that today ?
va	I	They sat a at park bench eating hot dogs .
va	I	Eventually , she me led to a respectable suburb and to the door of a tidy terraced cottage .
va	O	Yeh were listening , were yeh ?
va	O	The bull noted this movement and charged .
va	O	On to the youngest Mason .
va	I	She considered him briefly , then glanced around the room , becoming aware that people most had finished eating and were leaving the great hall .
va	I	After finished we , we headed out , me promising Harry for the 100th time I would be back , into the cool night air .
va	I	He cared , even if he didn 't he say did .
va	O	Karn had given her many cycles ago , she held it up by its slender cord and shook it gently .
va	I	The intriguing and knowledge deep of the child needed the alluring and fleshly surface passions of the woman .
va	I	As if the distance the across room wasn 't enough , she 'd erected another barrier .
va	O	And it 's not anything you did last night .
va	O	Harriet looked around at the crude cabin she and Katherine had inhabited since arriving at Fort Douglas a few days ago .
va	O	This was what worried Theo about the world of work .
va	O	Before she can even explain , Paul phases and we bolt toward Sanctuary .
va	I	The cadence his of words was like a song .
va	O	It was hilarious to watch them .
va	O	And who are you now ?
va	I	We high-fived and I shoved her the into back of my mind where she tied up my reasoning and held it captive with her unicorn .
va	I	She bit the inside of her cheek and remained somehow silent .
va	O	She was going to die .
va	I	His head into falls his hands .
va	O	I 'm sure she is .
va	O	Not much else was in there .
va	I	She turned and back looked at the village .
va	I	A hand hold grabbed of my arm .
va	O	I screwed the cap back on and made sure that I had all the papers I came for .
va	I	Once the guards were out of the way , Ezio opened the main gate , which groaned on its hinges , making Ezio heart 's race .
va	I	He was addiction an .
va	I	I told her she had to leave the in morning when I left to go to work .
va	I	But she had no to desire have him find her still rumpled and messed from last night 's activities .
va	O	The garden flashed in his head .
va	O	Since I don 't want Dad to get fired on day three , I haven 't spoken to the boy .
va	I	As she leant forward and started to the roll body towards her , the full force of the stench almost overwhelmed her .
va	I	Hopefully watched she all those old Bruce Lee flicks and learned some hand-to-hand combat because all her weapons were left in the Porsche .
va	O	Abe laughed and picked the smart little fellow up and hugged him .
va	O	Now we come to the complicated part .
va	O	Where - A wolf howled .
va	O	Her tongue was cool and quick .
va	I	We fear that the real motive of tanker the is intelligence gathering as manifested by the electronics equipment it carried .
va	O	He was already heading for the door .
va	I	I made myself take some deep breaths and hard think about what I was doing .
va	I	No matter what happened , had I my Gem .
va	I	I swung my arms over my head and down ducked .
va	I	I stamped foot my .
va	I	Adding a third voice to and Russell Robert 's would be too much of a slaughter .
va	O	Could it be true ?
va	O	She really hadn 't thought this through .
va	I	Refusing to acknowledge the pang of longing , shrugged she .
va	O	I wanted to melt into the floor .
va	I	Simon named his starting 11 , and naturally were there no new pilots amongst them .
va	O	It turns out that each of them had downloaded copies of the Orlando File onto their hard drives , just as you had suspected .
va	I	He will not know that hurt he me .
va	O	I definitely wasn 't going to let him make us late by getting me naked again .
va	I	That twice happened more as I showed her the briefing room and the receiving room .
va	O	I sold the villa in Key West and bought a small studio instead .
va	O	I am a tribesman and an honored guest .
va	O	She did , but before Goldilocks could get to bed for the second time , they were home .
va	O	But that is why both the born and the created are useful .
va	I	And his problems weren 't those kind problems of .
va	O	But her personal wind chimes are different .
va	O	I reached up with tentative fingers to touch the patch of gauze on my neck .
va	O	Mom said Chicago wasn 't big enough for both of them .
va	I	19 In Selene 's apartment , every window now had a view of Earth the .
va	I	He rubbed jaw his .
va	O	It 's been goin ' on for too long .
va	I	They now and swirled drifted closely together in a new makeshift formation .
va	O	How dare he ogle her like that ?
va	I	I 'd have loved to take mom my but we were heading to Tennessee .
va	O	Ted laid Dreamer down , then he lifted her up .
va	I	A couple in weeks , it hit him .
va	I	The family portrait dug his into shoulders .
va	I	We 'll discover who spread this rumor me about .
va	O	He knew that he couldn 't overthrow the other gods by himself .
va	O	Raven swayed , her hands protectively covering her stomach .
va	O	He could feel her warm breath on his chest and her hair tickling his nose .
va	I	The woman smiled and nodded , her peacock and ostrich feathers along waving with her .
va	O	I could feel my pain being transported to his gentle features .
va	O	How could a man ensure a woman 's pregnancy ?
va	I	He was left confusion with .
va	O	This should be fun for you .
va	O	Don 't make it sound like I was some sort of paragon for strangling my girlfriend .
va	O	Besides , none of them even know I want to know her .
va	I	But 's he a nice guy , and he lives next door in our house .
va	O	I took my thumb and gently wiped her tears from her eyes .
va	O	Still , when those elevator doors opened , he seemed reluctant to withdraw his arm from around my waist .
va	I	The perceptiveness of the surprised observation Angie .
va	O	Not even an inch .
va	I	He was pleasantly catching up on their when news he was tapped on the shoulder .
va	O	Don Pang or some other Korean eyed them suspiciously but said nothing .
va	O	But there were things I needed to know from Chase , questions I wanted answered .
va	I	She stood frozen and rigid for a pair of quivering seconds , and then her breath escaped in a low , rough cry and knees her buckled .
va	I	You weren 't the at library .
va	I	The windows on the north side overlooked the courtyard , where most of the students ate their on lunches sunny days .
va	O	Sarah frowned with confusion as she looked up through the rain , for they stood at Agatha 's front door .
va	O	I turned to walk away .
va	O	he started to ask , only to have her hand cover his mouth .
va	O	The quiet hum of the copier could not be heard outside Room 188 .
va	O	An eerie silence hung in the air , yet there was no one .
va	I	And one this was a big one .
va	I	Selena looked into his eyes and saw guilt there , with along worry .
va	O	He went right for me , didn 't hardly care about the satyrs .
va	I	Or Mo pulling a knife from bra her .
va	O	There 's a large oval table of heavy oak in the middle of the room with large puffy leather seats all around it .
va	I	Why did everything turn out wrong for them when all they were on the right track ?
va	I	I really , hoped really it was a smile .
va	I	Did that Helper mean A had money ?
va	O	He would never change .
va	O	He seems to be really struggling to keep his footing , tripping sideways and bumping into the wall .
va	I	All hint of softness him left .
va	I	Saber falling was in love with him , she just didn 't know it .
va	I	He took tender the piece of skin into his mouth , applying the tiniest bit of pressure between his top teeth and tongue .
va	O	They all had some sort of active opportunistic disease and were prescribed AZT as the treatment .
va	I	He kept himself from around looking .
va	I	Sam parked in of front Pulse and climbed out of the car .
va	O	He leaned over and I prepared myself for whatever he was about to do .
va	O	I recognize the boy .
va	I	Lucan felt too confined suddenly , and to rose pace behind his desk .
va	I	He seemed never to mind the crazy .
va	I	The contrast made him look a bit ill at all times even though there was nothing visibly else wrong with him .
va	I	No answer the comes reply .
va	O	Only now he wasn 't .
va	O	Therefore , Hewitt paid , and would pay again , but for how long ?
va	I	We were having a standoff Mexican .
va	I	I screamed , my eyes opening , but I was held to the altar by ghost the 's cold hand .
va	I	There people are who would bribe your Captains and their crews to divert some of their cargoes .
va	I	said one of earlier the voices .
va	O	He jerked when he felt a nudge on his back .
va	I	So that it was .
va	O	I 'd spent many nights thinking about that kiss .
va	I	How wicked -- bats the at Coffin Club !
va	O	Everyone present knew the outcome was a foregone conclusion , whether or not the countess remained .
va	O	Our paths were set for each other in that moment .
va	I	It meant was to be reassuring and comforting .
va	O	He prayed to God with all his heart to take care of Jim .
va	O	Doyle started to simply say yes , then stopped himself .
va	O	Why did these things happen ?
va	O	I forgot to mention that you do not want to eat the hot lunch here .
va	O	How can you believe him ?
va	I	Maybe he wasn 't the cold , bastard heartless I thought he was .
va	O	I don 't know !
va	O	He wrapped his arms around me , drawing me close .
va	I	Her feet and throbbed her eyes itched .
va	I	Clay returned smile the .
va	I	During her father 's interview with the king , she 'd slipped onto the terrace and ended up off falling its balustrade and dangling from the ledge .
va	I	You don 't have the stomach keep to this quiet .
va	O	She rounded the office door just as she shrieked out that last bit , coming uncomfortably close to shattering Leo 's eardrums .
va	O	I stood up abruptly .
va	I	If they are to faithful our father , why should they hinder us ? '
va	O	Now , knowing what he was , it surprised her that his countenance was fair to look upon .
va	I	He looks over to make contact eye with Sheppard .
va	I	The whole thing cost will thirty million .
va	O	They 'd started to leave the party and then been caught up somehow .
va	O	He would have to wait until his child fell asleep tonight before making a move to regain control .
va	O	A slow smile formed on his face .
va	O	She was a year shy of thirty and wondered if marriage would ever come .
va	O	It is probably not needed but just in case .
va	I	They the reached gateway .
va	I	Also recommended : The movie Divorce , Italian ( Style 1961 ) .
va	O	He squinted against the bright golden sunlight in complete disbelief at what he was seeing .
va	O	Sand sticks to her open wounds .
va	O	If Meredith had all these codes , which revealed its secrets , wouldn 't it be more loyal to her ?
va	I	He bent down and laid an extremely kiss chaste on her cheek .
va	O	She tossed it to Reed .
va	I	I 'll you meet there midnight , Friday .
va	O	Borland said with a nod .
va	O	The rules with the portals for Earthbound Lights were opposite for them . )
va	I	She was standing under the tree this time , chestnut her coat shining in the sun .
va	I	He turned his attention back to the window , and Julia tried to make the most of situation the .
va	O	Three Limbo Year by year the girl grew up .
va	I	He lowered his head to up look at me before biting into his bottom lip .
va	I	Would a chaste peck on the of back his palm prove as deadly ?
va	I	I made excuses them for .
va	I	Utter met silence my words .
va	I	Since this was supposed to be a wilderness trip , we branched off early from Eleanor Creek bypass to the dam .
va	I	He was deemed dangerous , and was not to approached be .
va	I	135 Chapter 21 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... . .
va	I	* * * * * When Alessia returned that home afternoon , the Council representative was waiting .
va	I	After about half an hour of random walking , heard I a sound .
va	I	Then eye her caught a cloud of dust at the other end of the valley .
va	I	He had hoped fleeing to a new every area other year would throw The Boy off .
va	I	When he told 'd Cian that something about the girl wasn 't right , he hadn 't lied .
va	O	And she had more help handling it than many single mothers , thanks to her brother and cousin .
va	I	Ghosts weren that 't compelled to stay on the path were another .
va	I	Fortunately there was a gentleman in black lowering the camera to the floor beside him it so did not get damaged .
va	O	It wasn 't a castle in the same sense as Chester ; it wasn 't a sprawling , thick-walled monster incorporating a whole town .
va	I	She gazed him at .
va	I	Carly her opened eyes .
va	I	She stretched forth a trembling hand and ran her fingers over the glowing letters her of name .
va	O	He followed her into the passage .
va	I	Vlad nodded head his .
va	I	Nah , Oberon his and bitch queen Titania will stay in Arcadia where they 're comfortable .
va	I	He took it , but not he because was unsteady .
va	O	The scent of blood was in the woods now .
va	I	She to wanted leave .
va	O	Corinne had since moved away , but she 'd confirmed the visit in the original investigation .
va	O	The back of his head cracked with a wet thud on the edge of the tiled stair and he fell limp .
va	I	He didn 't like what saw he one bit .
va	O	He looked at Lily .
va	I	I knew and Jack Emma wanted to wait a little while to have kids , but it was too easy a target not to tease her .
va	O	Not only did I have to survive , I had to get my brother back .
va	I	The noise deafening was .
va	I	With Sunny out of the picture , he could pull off this .
va	O	Together , only after I 'd let her try herself for almost a whole minute , we pried the lid up .
va	O	She could tell he was growing agitated by the subject but Avery had to know , she needed to know if he still loved this woman .
va	I	I looked a into rather unpleasant face .
va	I	This not is exactly something you would expect to find in such a desolate area .
va	O	Gabrielle stood up and motioned the other woman inside .
va	I	I turn my face toward him , not getting really what he 's thinking .
va	O	His brow was creased in concentration and every once in awhile he dipped the quill back into the inkwell and then went back to his writings . '
va	O	It hadn 't helped .
va	I	He pressed until down our bodies were flush and his thigh was between mine .
va	I	Willing to myself calm down .
va	I	Martin says to rising leave .
va	I	' Uh y ... ... yeah . '
va	I	With no direct route of attack , Death will lead them to nearby planets and they launch 'll armies from there .
va	O	I cover for him .
va	I	But once was he finished with her , she would have no memory of him .
va	I	Now that the tricky window test is done , nothing keeps from Bob taking one big leap and go free .
va	I	He held open flimsy the cardboard door for me .
va	O	He made a mental note to have a word with her in private .
va	O	It took less than thirty minutes to get the address where the cab had dropped off the woman .
va	I	I very was apprehensive at first .
va	O	Arn shifted the weight of his battle ax , then looked at the woman with whom he 'd chosen to spend his life .
va	I	Nick his slammed hands on my desk .
va	I	He whatever cursed power had made him so damn sensitive to letting people down .
va	I	Her head reeled what over he was telling her .
va	I	Unfortunately , the audio part of our was communication erratic as usual .
va	O	Perhaps , he never would be .
va	I	' Are you to ready go ? '
va	I	Today elephants our were decorated in colorful paints and head pieces matching either the stewards purple saris or my ivory one .
va	I	As we shut the kitchen door behind us , there is a loud crash of glass and the of sound something thud to the ground .
va	I	It had come from Dayne , but was it small and weak and probably the only one he had left .
va	I	Alexa sipped a second glass of champagne and settled herself by the picture window the overlooking balcony .
va	O	Kevin was beside her in an instant and took her into his arms , rocking her back and forth as the tears turned into huge gulping sobs .
va	I	And , you have a coffee to shop run .
va	O	Three thousand kids a day , one third of whom die from their addiction .
va	I	He racked his hand through his bushy dark hair brown .
va	O	But , I found them nowhere .
va	O	He felt the chill in her fingers and the trembling that consumed not only her hand but her entire body .
va	I	He refilled her glass and arranging the silverware , smile his turning into a frown .
va	I	Josie watched him as he stacked three files and together put them in too .
va	I	The home where Lynette staying was was not too great a distance away .
va	O	A horrible sound : a vulture 's cry as its talons grip into dead meat .
va	I	I not 'm a saint , and I 'm definitely not a prude .
va	O	And a lot of the time in life , we 're still just sounding things out .
va	I	I 'm at your service until 's it safe to go home .
va	O	At least , she guessed that was how he felt , because it echoed her own state of mind perfectly .
va	O	The car lurched because he hadn 't yet come to a complete stop , but that didn 't keep him from jumping out and jogging over .
va	O	She didn 't need help dressing .
va	O	I gave him a thumbs up as I ran by .
va	O	We all agree she knows something important , or she wouldn 't be missing , so it 's become top priority to find her .
va	O	She 'd definitely had too much rice wine .
va	I	I sat on the bed , crossing my self-consciously legs .
va	I	She in is safe place .
va	O	Even when it comes to monsters .
va	O	I can feel my face growing hotter at the sting of his rebuke .
va	I	I was checking in on my friend 's apartment and it found like this .
va	O	Now he has to deal with the aftermath , but he won 't do it alone .
va	O	The elevator opened on the floor below ours .
va	O	Rand 's bitterness brought a lump to her throat .
va	I	All of them were gossips awful who spent half their time slicing their co-workers to shreds .
va	I	She needed to home be before that happened .
va	I	Josh and grinned rose to shake his hand .
va	I	I couldn resist 't a touch of sarcasm .
va	O	But it made sense .
va	I	She 'd from realized the moment she met him that as a King , he didn 't accept inactivity easily .
va	O	He had solved one riddle only to have it shatter into a thousand other mysteries .
va	I	I before asked taking a nip at her earlobe .
va	I	I mean it wasn 't then until that we started showing the changes .
va	O	The tomb for my ambitions .
va	O	I decided it would be best to not respond , and let my little profile go idle .
va	O	Amanda stepped around Nick and kissed her father on his cheek .
va	O	Hartman looks back at Aria .
va	O	Hearing how Joe felt about his wife made Colin 's mission to enlighten his father about the paper 's problems more difficult .
va	O	My sister bowed her head and instinctively I recognized that her daughter 's words had struck a deep chord in Margaret .
va	I	The infant stirred for a moment , bringing fist his to his chin before relaxing .
va	O	As I watch this unfolding horror , Eva lunges herself at Jonathan .
va	O	Careful not to move her throbbing head , she eased herself onto her side .
va	O	Razor sharp claws dug into the ground she had just tread upon , drawing the viscous , murky liquid toward the surface .
va	I	It grated on Hugh that the man felt free to touch him , but gritted he his teeth and said nothing .
va	O	Except that it took an hour , it was a great deal for 75 cents .
va	I	It still took many cycles to wear finally the other clan down to the point where they finally began to withdraw and fall back .
va	I	' This is nice a place you have here . '
va	O	One of the new features includes measures to keep users from losing their Bitcoins in case the site is forcibly shut down again .
va	O	It was only a faint pinprick smudged against the lighter purple sky for another moment until it melted away entirely .
va	O	Not that it mattered , since my cheeks were more than picking up the slack in that department .
va	O	I never want to say goodbye .
va	I	They out shot their arms .
va	I	A lit bulb in the stairway and I could see that it led up in a curving direction .
va	I	He slowed and further pulled right to allow the car to pass .
va	O	Maximus 's tone hardened .
va	O	I returned and found letters , journals , scrapbooks , stacks of sketches , and more .
va	O	As if Kylie was a communal sniffing project , Del a leaned in and sniffed .
va	O	I needed to make time stand still in my mind , just long enough that I could process it .
va	I	I smile at him , but don 't really good feel .
va	I	Before he had time to think about further it , the front doorbell rang .
va	O	As they walked they couldn 't help notice to looks the fear and panic in people 's eyes .
va	O	Xander asked his friend , determined not to focus too much on his own woes .
va	I	Sam turned to see in Brent the doorway .
va	I	I been 've professionally trained to handle the fire extinguisher .
va	O	I made myself clear .
va	O	Hanna shut her eyes , thinking about that empty beach again .
va	O	It was a skill he had discovered by accident while hunting .
va	O	She wanted to scream , but then she realised that she was moving forward , not down .
va	I	I want to this savor moment completely .
va	O	she said with a laugh .
va	I	It was all just too perfect and convenient his in opinion .
va	I	He wore his sword strapped across back his .
va	I	In fact , he looked stern downright .
va	O	His hand moved to the nape of her neck .
va	I	You can risk 't that alone .
va	I	She gathered Kara 's hair back her over shoulders .
va	O	His mouth moving towards her ear .
va	I	It clear was he was an inexperienced lover .
va	I	For now , the parted crowd to let them through .
va	I	She started to lunge the across table , but Kate merely scooted back .
va	I	I asked , voice my low .
va	O	Or , at least , he had created Ethan before she had .
va	O	Maxwell crumpled as John lay down on the floor in front of the Door .
va	O	The simple fact was that she had precious few friends .
va	I	Rachel sends hot shivers my down spine as her hands caress my neck and cheek .
va	O	A tiny pink paw scratched at a tiny pink ear in a high window of the castle .
va	O	The black figures were discreetly hiding in the mountainous shadows all around them .
va	O	The other hound 's face was half red and half white , as if some hand had drawn a line down the center of it .
va	O	We 're both responsible for not communicating .
va	O	Time to get a grip .
va	O	Joe B. 's distress multiplied , knowing that copies of this mistake might accidentally spread around .
va	O	Whitlock came in with sandwiches and coffee .
va	O	Cooper was being my backbone when all I wanted to do was crumble .
va	I	Clearly there something was wrong .
va	O	Plus , there 's that song Marie sang .
va	O	We continued walking to the clearing outside the Black Heights where we had left all the wounded humans and vampires .
va	O	Taking a quick scan of the area , there was no sign of a man whose face , body , and smirk shunned the gods .
va	I	She forced herself sit to on the sofa again .
va	I	I heard footsteps on the hardwood floors stomping the across room then the sound of the door opening and closing .
va	I	Miranda appeared much too about pleased the girl 's predicament .
va	O	Yet here he was , waiting for me to show him a card .
va	O	He stuck it into the bar of the lock and angled it .
va	O	As Sid ranted in the button pushing minion 's direction , Dollop took a moment to consider his situation .
va	I	Lee was jumping about throwing at punches an imaginary opponent under the directions of Cloud .
va	O	Bob was waiting for him there .
va	I	Third time , someone was bound get to lucky .
va	I	I at gazed Chance , and his eyes were on me .
va	O	Why should I choose such an impossible path ?
va	O	The white door of the refrigerator is tiled in pictures of little Buck in blue short pants .
va	I	Stacy had forgotten almost .
va	I	Simon held on to his prey it until stopped struggling .
va	I	She turned toward the bleachers , picking her at manicure .
va	O	It will irritate some and could agitate others enough to attack .
va	O	I flop down on the couch and let my exhausted arms drape on the armrests .
va	O	The first bullet had almost taken his heart .
va	O	They were huddling together again , eyes on her .
va	I	Stun gun , wallet , MIL , a and small rod .
va	I	She pushed out her in chest defiance .
va	I	At base their they sat upon a square slab of matching stone .
va	I	Her brow in scrunched a frown .
va	I	He ´ s got lots styles of to choose from .
va	I	This isn 't any hotel , Scott Mr. .
va	I	He could have sworn he 'd felt mother him earlier in the day .
va	I	The looked king thoughtful .
va	O	Inside , most of the space was taken up by a set of stairs that went down , like a subway station .
va	O	Arms extended , I began to pick my way across the rocks .
va	O	The boys didn 't know which way to move next as the room shook harder still .
va	I	I fumbled through my galactic and geography came up blank .
va	O	She looked over at him from around an open cupboard door , clearly surprised to see that he was still standing in the same place .
va	I	Taking a step forward , she into bumped Gabriel .
va	I	Tara closed her eyes and hoped it would painless be .
va	I	He drove south up Main , wind streaming through the open window frame and his watering eyes against it .
va	I	Two months ago 'd I hated Seaside .
va	I	I 'm supposed to go back in ten minutes or so a for more complete view of the ' goods ' .
va	I	I can feel the weight of the inside card .
va	I	How did know he that ?
va	O	I gasped as light blazed against my irises and instinctively took a startled step back .
va	O	You just disappeared without a trace , you didn 't say a single word ... did I really mean nothing to you ?
va	O	I didn 't know whether he meant this house in particular or Kilmer in general , but I was worried about our stupid dog .
va	I	Not now , not with Michelle , buddy , my great ... and grandson my full stomach in a world I wanted to belong in .
va	I	What if Day fail does ?
va	I	Few men were going to approach them when he was keeping Dahlia so close him to .
va	I	She could not imagine atrocities what awaited her .
va	I	Addie , don please 't be mad at me .
va	O	She really wants to hurt every one of you !
va	O	When we find out exactly just how alike we are , and how much he truly understands me .
va	I	Lizzie stared at him with as mean look a as she could muster .
va	I	Ali 's vanilla telltale perfume had wafted through the air , taunting her nostrils .
va	O	Or ... she had one thing .
va	O	Hagan pointed his fork at Nick .
va	O	She wished she could ask him for that physical comfort now , but a divide stood between them that hadn 't been there before .
va	O	Yet again , just like that afternoon so many years ago when she 'd told him she was pregnant , he was left with only one choice .
va	O	I asked back , feeling his confusion spreading to me .
va	O	Fortunately , Anya did not witness the death of Todd , the second CIA operative .
va	I	Champagne corks popped , wine was poured and the finest food in the was world served .
va	I	Personally , I not try to ever cuss .
va	I	And he 's driven me all the way here to you see .
va	I	A cyclist by passes , ringing his bell , reminding them that they are actually outdoors , in public .
va	O	But , the truth is , Pop wouldn 't like that .
va	O	And as I looked again , I could see he was wearing brown contact lenses .
va	I	Her left hand with plays his hair behind his head .
va	O	Our gunner was struck in the forehead and fell back into the aircraft .
va	I	I slowed my pace and leaned down to him kiss .
va	I	I couldn 't believe he 'd just that said .
va	I	Docking Eight Bay , Hali thought .
va	O	The chaos that ensued on stage was far from the coordinated lethality of their prior shows .
va	O	He was standing beside a tricycle with so many decals .
va	O	And I know that I can 't force your feelings to change . '
va	I	The woman revealed that she knew she marry would the man who would become her husband .
va	O	Once they were inside the roundhouse , he removed her blindfold then had her sit down .
va	I	He crept down from bed his and crouched low to the cold floor .
va	O	He tore his eyes away .
va	O	Perhaps I am feeling lazy and sore with a bruised spirit from so many defeats .
va	O	A journalist spoke about the service that Director Bill Jennings had rendered to the country before giving his life in the line of duty .
va	I	Treebeard won 't say much about them , but I think they are Ents that have become almost like trees , at least look to at .
va	I	She hated usually the taste of plain , black coffee , but for some reason she hadn 't even noticed it .
va	O	Then they were trotting and finally , galloping .
va	O	Because those dark times were coming .
va	I	The large lion let a out large howl releasing massive winds from its mouth uncontrollably .
va	I	Strange noises played throughout trees the .
va	I	The boys seemed to have recovered from their adventure , so Mari sent outside them to play .
va	O	Like the swimmer 's ear she would get when spending too much time underwater .
va	I	He paused , for waiting a response from Kathy .
va	I	I nodded , my brain unable to access at words that very moment .
va	I	The turned minutes into hours .
va	O	Then I 'll leave you both to sleep .
va	I	I stared him at .
va	I	' Now , Patti , you might think you can drink in the city , but you ain 't nothing seen , girl .
va	I	Stroking from her knee her to thigh again , he nudged her dress up until his fingers found her sweet , moist cleft .
va	I	A plan beginning was to form in my head .
va	I	When she to wanted get onto the train , she heard somebody calling her name .
va	O	But you must stop this nonsense .
va	I	The metal cold was to the touch .
va	I	I guess there 's changing no the subject now .
va	O	Huxley ignored the question and responded with one of his own .
va	I	Tony had himself gotten out of the car and came around to see what was happening .
va	I	You can help 't that .
va	I	My heart clenched at the sight , but I forced myself to stay calm study and her .
va	I	' And what do these well-adjusted people do the at Tank ? '
va	O	She shook herself , turning to the row of wooden pegs running in an uneven line next to the door .
va	O	I didn 't even bother fighting back .
va	O	Instead he helped her into the car and returned her discreetly to a location two blocks away from her apartment .
va	I	A burning sensation crept up arms his .
va	I	I just dropped by to introduce myself and give your new a employee bit of a welcome .
va	I	They fell down unrestrained her face .
va	I	When timer the rings at noon , Andy lets out a funny noise of surprise .
va	O	Gavin laughs as he gestures toward Will .
va	I	It is difficult to suppose that this opposition came from desire , for what desire would turn from so deliciousness much ?
va	I	I laughed and waved the thing whole off .
va	O	His lack of an argument surprised her .
va	O	The Uprising ended in failure .
va	I	It remained to be seen if the mayor might dumb be enough to try something against him .
va	I	I feel can my power thrumming here .
va	O	It was delicious , with chicken so tender that it melted in my mouth .
va	I	Elise picked at the cheese sandwich Maggie placed her before on the coffee table .
va	O	Tavi frowned at Miles .
va	I	His burned palm my skin , like he had a fever .
va	O	It didn 't surprise me .
va	I	She forced Hiro inside , making him walk the to end of the hall .
va	O	I 'll call back as soon as possible with the flight information .
va	I	He gave me scornful a look .
va	O	It 's one of our specialties in Pride -- we use it for our most important cities , and even for certain weapons .
va	I	His satisfaction was palpable a thing and she ran from it .
va	O	It all aligns and is instantly beautiful and brilliant .
va	O	One last obstacle between him and the end .
va	I	Delia the tossed white box on the counter and flipped it open , attacking the flaky pastry with gusto .
va	O	I 'd rather DIE !
va	I	He felt like he needed to return to the factory and see any if clues remained .
va	O	' Well I 'm game if you are , ' Bri said opening the door .
va	I	Sylvia 's body froze stiff when had everything turned into sudden darkness .
va	O	He 'll never get a girl to think half as much of him as he does of himself !
va	O	The people and their petal throwing stopped when we reached the dais area .
va	O	She dug her phone out of her purse and saw that it had fared no better than the others .
va	O	Kyle was no longer in sight .
va	O	My head hitting the windshield .
va	I	The dozens of crushed possum and armadillo probably couldn 't compete with the stench of skunk , but they added to macabre the landscape .
va	O	I ´ m not leaving !
va	I	He wouldn 't dare pull into the driveway and for honk her .
va	O	Max continued to bluster as I changed the coordinates for a different location and set the timer again .
va	O	Sorry for you and for Kayla .
va	O	Mabel enjoyed shaking off the cobwebs regularly and , as a result , had fewer cobwebs than anyone Julie knew .
va	I	With stupid hats red .
va	O	I wished I could soothe him , but given his precarious emotional state , that might make things worse .
va	I	He quickly plugged in the wifi as she watched get him her online .
va	I	You can imagine happy how I was !
va	I	Asia didn 't know how long the lasted storm .
va	O	He hung his head , not wanting to think about that suffocating feeling of losing everyone and everything .
va	I	After the emptying bullets from his gun , Luc tossed it toward the bonfire in the yard .
va	I	Callum stared her at .
va	I	Which begged the question , what did an immortal want with handbag my ?
va	I	Slowly he to turned see Jacey standing in the open doorway .
va	O	Just a feeling that this is ?
va	O	He planned the crime ; his victims took the blame .
va	I	I pushed the up button and prayed for doors the to open .
va	I	A to suggestion break a command .
va	O	What had Lanta seen ?
va	I	She raised one arm , wiped her fingers it along , then wrinkled her nose in distaste .
va	O	It crumbled partly in her hand as she flung it down the hill .
va	I	' No , I don 't mean it like that though ; thanks .
va	I	Well , he 'd shown that hypocrite , and wasn he 't done yet .
va	O	It was a quiet and calm day on the ocean with little more than a few ripples breaking the surface of the blue-grey sea .
va	I	That was too bad because Adam began to get comfortable the with attention .
va	I	They had been whispering and giggling the entire drive home ; as if everything that occurred had made perfect sense ... or it was something else ?
va	O	A boy carrying a massive black and silver sword stood looking at Maia over Jordan 's kneeling body .
va	O	He was not only a friend but a trusted business partner .
va	I	He caught shoulders her , bringing her to an abrupt halt , the controlled violence in his grip setting her heart pounding .
va	I	Other kids were looking at him , him pointing out to each other .
va	O	said a tall , thin man who stood behind the front counter .
va	O	I was sworn and sealed to the Alchemists .
va	O	She turned and darted along the ramparts to a door .
va	O	The rest of don 't count anymore .
va	I	Before he open could his mouth though , she spoke .
va	I	I go could for a walk but , admittedly , I was lazy .
va	O	He frowned at Emma and handed her a sheet of paper printed with a list of businesses .
va	I	She 't couldn control herself .
va	I	An all-powerful being could simply whisk the to Lords the cemetery .
va	I	The noise unsettling was .
va	O	The slightly bitter comment left her lips before she could hold it back .
va	O	He drew a breath , and her heart gave a little flip .
va	I	* * * aimless One direction followed another .
va	O	I only had one chance .
va	I	It had to been have at least several months , if not many years .
va	I	When she finally drifted off , she heard the slow , harsh rumble a of Parisian service truck making its early morning delivery .
va	O	Pushing her to the very height of sensual pleasure , promising her the explosion .
va	O	At this point it dawned on me it was going to be impossible to extract the woman from the freezing water without getting soaked myself .
va	I	She was heavily pregnant with their second child , and he left her in the care the of medical staff while he ran the patrol .
va	O	Caleb knew he had to be smarter .
va	I	He tried to her give a smile .
va	O	His voice came low and full of scorn .
va	O	And there wasn 't a damned thing she could do about it .
va	O	Abbey would have only the best .
va	I	At least 'll we be out of the wind , she thought as the drops continued to pelt her face .
va	I	Surely you have noticed it , even before just in now your room .
va	I	Even though car my is ancient , it 's still more advanced than anything they have here , so I had to leave it behind .
va	O	And Holly must see the look in my eyes because she snorts again .
va	O	She has always struggled to make it work .
va	I	He kicked at sand the at his feet .
va	O	He pushed the toe of his shoe into a dirty crack in the sidewalk .
va	O	Janelle narrowed her eyes at him , wrapping her mind around the word .
va	I	She twitches irritation in and shoots off a dirty look before stammering into her shoes .
va	O	A skirt of dust spins around its base , signaling its dance through a field a few miles away .
va	O	He 'd failed to save her friends , and now he could not take her from the half-life .
va	I	she asked , wishing she could just sink into that bed behind him sleep and for the next ten hours .
va	I	She and stretched yawned .
va	O	He took a long sip of his coffee .
va	I	Tom Cooper rubbed chin his .
va	O	Find the others and make it right .
va	I	The pure , radiant light swallowed everything , wrapping around every corner , seeping into crack every , and piercing every shadow .
va	I	Also By This Author Sonya Dodd Sonya C. Dodd lives in Norfolk , with England her husband and two sons .
va	I	She released her hair from the ponytail , and combed her fingers through strands the .
va	I	The checkpoint are guards constantly stretched to discover contraband and firearms destined for the black market or terrorist groups .
va	O	Isn 't it incredible ?
va	O	He didn 't look too bad himself , dressed once again in a fitted Lacoste shirt and dark jeans .
va	O	There is not a trace of movement , but I don 't trust the locals to let me off so easily .
va	O	She 's so pretty and smart and strong .
va	O	The trio swung into the corridor , striking Sandbag 's running knees and sending him hurtling through the air .
va	I	Sandra her nodded thanks .
va	O	Kristy sighed and rubbed her face in frustration as she paced in front of him .
va	O	He reached up and stripped the remnants of his shirt and jacket away , and brushed off the ragged fragments of his pants .
va	I	A reversed mark question with a pair of lines crossing its stem , a bizarre character that no scholar has ever come to understand .
va	I	I don 't care heartache about .
va	I	She need might me , ' I countered .
va	I	Come to think of it , why 's a prize like Helen kept next to a window , where she could be easily so stolen ?
va	O	She wondered if it really took that much effort not to gawk at her breasts or if he had something else on his mind .
va	O	And she disappears , leaving me alone with my thoughts .
va	I	She never 'd get used to this new life .
va	O	The humans were joyfully trying to kill each other with anything they could get their hands on .
va	I	With her gone , I could only imagine well how the next forty-five minutes was going to go .
va	O	For us , a year feels like a second .
va	O	Chandeliers hang every ten feet , crystal lamps on tables , blue velvet chairs leaning against walls and doors with crystal knobs .
va	O	She cocks her head to the side , her eyes narrowing at me .
va	I	The range and fluency of his cursing caused the president 's eyebrows to rise ever slowly so .
va	I	She opened the door and stared at him surprise in .
va	O	They don 't know where I am .
va	I	It would be something worth thinking ... about maybe .
va	O	Also you need to make sure that you keep the laser turned off until you want to use it .
va	O	Shiv stops and watches her laughing .
va	O	During the rest of the year , fasting can be required as a compensation for various offenses and violations of the law .
va	O	The last thing the Realm needed was for her to accidentally dislocate Gaius 's shoulders while Bernard attempted to put his feet right .
va	O	Dry humor that seemed oddly out of place tinted his voice .
va	O	A glowing band of power streamed between them , much wider than he would have guessed .
va	I	They all sat together at the table and offered the sisters fruits the and berries that were as rich as their island .
va	I	Because what the child was learning was not merely facts or basis the of a money-making or even useful career .
va	I	Babs grabbed Samara , pushing the gun at head her .
va	O	She 's my sister .
va	O	He 'd half expected to get his face slapped !
va	O	It came up death again but not for us .
va	O	You have your own needs .
va	O	Suddenly , everything felt too real and I was too close .
va	I	Cole 't wasn capable of love .
va	I	Her grew cheeks hot .
va	I	Thinking that he felt the fear grow ; it snared him completely , now that he had let approach it his conscious mind .
va	O	He dipped his head to the space between my neck and shoulder , inhaling deeply .
va	O	Having no wheel Cherie holds her hand out and punches it .
va	I	His lips were story another .
va	I	You 're not enough well .
va	O	My ailments were instantly cured as the dosage burned from my tongue to my toes , and kept burning .
va	I	He didn 't even of think her in that way now .
va	I	In a wisp of smoke sudden , her bath robe completely disappeared .
va	O	Ty demanded in a sharp voice .
va	I	The carriage lurched around the corner , and Sam grabbed leather the strap hanging by his head .
va	I	Her voice resonated in Shane 's ears , echoing throughout inside the of his skull .
va	O	He still happily talks himself up , and luckily our paths don 't cross that often .
va	I	He wanted to forget his resolve to delay their gratification , knew she wouldn 't him stop if he did .
va	O	It was my fear of all fears ~ putting myself out there for someone only to have them not want me in return .
va	I	Rafe his draped arm around my shoulders .
va	I	The earl this ignored entirely sensible suggestion .
va	O	Later the four , now wet and tired , met in the kitchen to decide what to do next .
va	O	Because they were behind the whole thing , that 's why .
va	I	I was so happy to see she 'd up woken .
va	O	I was struggling but I didn 't want to hurt him .
va	I	He left his arm around me , and was it so warm that the cold wind felt good .
va	I	Friends he given 'd every right to desert him .
va	O	For Adriana it was just a case of seeing the hunky good-looking guys who were making the records of the day .
va	I	Hayley had a dark side and was it coming out .
va	O	For a moment , Genie was doubtful .
va	I	She grabbed Heather hand 's .
va	I	You are like me , aren 't you , ... Zev ?
va	I	He 'd heard never such disappointment in his father 's voice , and it tore at him .
va	O	Kadie threw her arms around his neck .
va	I	When the last connection was gone , a desperate lunge him tumbled out of the confining shape .
va	I	She rose , her stiff limbs with fury .
va	O	But he couldn 't leave her now , he refused to be ignominiously sick .
va	O	Kylie started the trek to her cabin and made a bet with herself on how long it would take Burnett to start hitting her with questions .
va	I	Let 's nail the to facts the chart and keep an open mind about the maybes .
va	O	There 'd be hands and flesh and need that would no longer be denied .
va	I	He had stopped taking accurate measurements of the passing of days four some years ago or so .
va	I	Both attorneys stated that were there none .
va	I	Bob and Jerry watched the two pass as they stood motionless on either side the of door .
va	O	my voice said , but I ignored it as I so often did .
va	I	The room was mess a .
va	I	Benji at glared her .
va	O	Jace turned to Magnus .
va	I	Helen caught her father 's eye and her shook head .
va	I	I hadn 't thought my clothing through choices so I only had the blue dress to put back on .
va	O	How can a mere idea in my head cause me to do something ?
va	I	There motion was in the gaping maw of ruin that had been Elaine 's hotel room , and a woman appeared in it .
va	O	Didn 't I just say I liked tattoos ?
va	I	In a flash he remembered his kidnapping in the Fortress , and the attempt his on life .
va	O	A door made of heavy planks .
va	O	She was ... she was wanting to tackle that boy , wrestle him to the ground and rip all his clothes off .
va	I	When condensation rolled down his fingers , he jumped , shoved the milk the into fridge , closed the door , and hit his speed dial .
va	O	No , what hurt was that she realised what she 'd said to Kumiko at the party was right .
va	O	Like that 's gon na happen .
va	I	Since there were ten of us going out we tonight were in one of the midsize shuttles .
va	O	Gansey couldn 't bring himself to make up a convincing lie for Ronan , not so soon after the call with Pinter .
va	O	I wonder if he is okay .
va	O	He 'd probably show up in a clown costume the next morning and juggle bowling pins for me .
va	O	Foley glanced about himself , like he was attempting to find the source of this remarkable power .
va	I	Did he plan to something steal important or valuable ?
va	O	She smiled at the thought of the Australian Prime Minister almost catching them skinny dipping .
va	O	Previous efforts had been fortunate to get even the same year .
va	I	If you have come from the king , don 't be too afraid to it prove !
va	O	He seemed to be as impatient waiting for us to arrive as I was to get to him .
va	I	The day before she had spent over an hour rearranging meetings so she could make this impromptu to trip California .
va	O	And in the circumstances , your right to name . '
va	I	I stifled an roll eye at Spencer 's reaction .
va	I	Elaine was jealous her of , I think .
va	I	I wanted to argue , but in this particular case , Lucas wasn 't overprotective being .
va	I	Even the of size the human body is determined by these constants .
va	O	His face was calm , but just a little too smooth .
va	I	Holly his was life .
va	I	He cupped her chin in his hand and stared her into eyes .
va	O	It was like flying .
va	I	Most other lawyers wouldn have 't bothered to put in the time at this stage , would already have been signalling the guards to be let out .
va	I	The students stood up , going many up to shake Lyn 's hand and thank him for everything .
va	O	We are not going into hiding .
va	O	It became strangely methodical , almost like a twisted game .
va	I	She closed eyes her and everything that was him danced across her eyelids .
va	O	It 's difficult to tell through the rain .
va	I	Now go to sleep , or least at whisper .
va	O	By now , Jason had gotten a good look at them .
va	I	I 'd play crazy ; I 'd pick the odds longest I could find .
va	O	She ushered them into the living room where they found Mr. Carhart sitting in an easy chair nursing an enormous glass of scotch .
va	I	He yells out and I push him enough to move sideways , slipping inside my bedroom before slamming door the .
va	O	That 's something at least .
va	I	As expected , a trail carved into down the earth , although trail was a generous word for it .
va	O	You do it the right way .
va	I	But reason unfurled the in back of my mind , taking over , keeping me grounded .
va	O	And there was a rather greater number of soldiers slumped or lying on the packed sand who 'd never need a night 's sleep ever again .
va	I	She his pushed hands off .
va	I	The table was abnormally talkative , many of the guys visitors expecting .
va	O	The odor of rotting flesh , of raw sewage .
va	O	' Anything with a proper bed will do me , ' replied Bas .
va	O	Maybe she was more naive than she thought .
va	O	She was extra glad she and Julie were taking their own cars .
va	I	Spring was the point turning , it was the indicator of the holidays .
va	O	But Valerie kept him on his toes .
va	O	The food in your fridge would spoil .
va	I	He quickly crossed the street and used a windowsill to boost up a onto low wall .
va	O	She remembered choosing it with care , poring over dozens and dozens of catalog pages until she found exactly the right one .
va	O	That 's what killed him .
va	I	Breath held , I watched the car by go .
va	I	He considered her capable of sleeping his with friend , his business partner .
va	I	Ella hadn 't been invited along on that trip , she but thought it was probably something that needed to be done without an extra person along .
va	I	Her eyes closed were and neat tendrils of blood trickled from her nose .
va	I	I whispered , not able look to him in the eyes .
va	O	By the time purple twilight brought a respite from the heat , the air would be redolent with honeysuckle and roses , pine and fresh-cut grass .
va	I	Machiavelli in closed and , glancing briefly at his victim , kicked out viciously , silencing the man in an instant .
va	I	I felt suddenly guilty for wishing exactly this on Friday , that now it had come true .
va	I	She was too just out of it .
va	I	A needs girl a beer .
va	O	He 's insisted I go on a training course next week , to learn how to write better articles .
va	I	She smiled back him at and sauntered over , taking her time but holding his attention with her large , exotic eyes .
va	I	' Yeah , why not , ' Stuart said .
va	I	Two play could at this game .
va	I	Like telephone crossing wires !
va	O	Everything was so new , wondrous ... he held the breath ... held ... could almost taste the sweetness of her blood already ... slowly released .
va	I	The debilitating pain of this wound latter , made Vad cry out a squeal of pain .
va	O	She grins up at me .
va	O	The sound was deafening .
va	O	Sally 's one of the best salesmen in her region .
va	O	Both men noticed right away a severed head lying on the ground looking up at them .
va	I	She shoved him toward one , and she ducked behind the other , and they like stood sentinels on either side of the window .
va	I	I couldn 't take eyes my off them ; they were fascinatingly odd .
va	I	She out picked 4 capsules of what the bottle contains .
va	O	At least , I didn 't cause any problems for your client .
va	O	He rapped on the wooden wall at his side .
va	I	Vaughn reached for envelope the .
va	I	A sacred photo of the Master spilled out , along with several pages manuscript of .
va	I	It my tore heart out .
va	I	Chapter Two The early rules of the Information war were ; simple One : No obvious violence ; Two : No mercy ; Three : Deny Everything .
va	O	Then the crunching stopped .
va	I	Two Something finally flickered in Roxanne mind 's .
va	O	Abby , have you filed for a deferment ?
va	O	Four mech wolves crept in from the adjacent room .
va	O	Even those that barely knew the girl were ready to believe the husband that Alwyn was a witch and had done this thing for her own purposes .
va	O	Suddenly , there was some sort of vibration ; a rumble above them , followed by a resounding explosion .
va	O	I shook her as hard as I could .
va	O	William was all she 'd thought about .
va	O	But Lindy didn 't sleep that night .
va	O	I don 't think he could have planned this .
va	I	I him got back to his stable .
va	I	Lizzy passed a concerned look to Lora when Tara abdomen 's clenched in yet another contraction .
va	I	We bet all ten minutes so none of us won .
va	I	That 's what you are , ' she said in reproach mock .
va	O	She stuck out her chin bravely .
va	I	As soon as I was out of the guests ' view , I broke into a run and right ran into Woods ' hard chest .
va	O	She ran her hands over his bare chest and up over his shoulders .
va	I	She walked into the front hall , kicked door the shut and wrestled her burdens into the kitchen .
va	O	They 'd both been playing the role of the phantom , perfect lover .
va	O	I thought he was doing a count or something , so I told him I would .
va	O	Forcing back my smile , I turned to him fully .
va	O	The wave of relief that washed over Jack was almost like being hit with a bucket of water .
va	I	I take another sip , the turning sugary drink over in my mouth before swallowing .
va	O	It was crazy , but there was no denying it .
va	I	States would never us give the funding for that , not unless anything was in it for them .
va	O	She wouldn 't go to the shelter the others had raised .
va	I	Knowing a about male 's anatomy definitely didn 't help .
va	O	Hopefully my luck continues , not just with my powers , but with everything else .
va	I	Chapter Eight was There a confusion of colors : yellows , reds , and oranges , and over it all was gold .
va	O	After a moment , she picked up the pear and bit into it .
va	O	They had come for him .
va	I	Her faded had nametag Patti imprinted on it ... though the P had long ago been rubbed away to look like an F .
va	O	I entered through the doors and he fell in behind me .
va	O	I shook my head , but I couldn 't stop from grinning like a fool at his cheesy line .
va	I	It only took a minute or so as the collective voice and lowered dropped to hushed whisper .
va	O	She was still trying to gauge Davis .
va	O	Her skin tone was just fine too .
va	I	How did he her want to respond ?
va	I	It did have a chandelier swinging above high me in the vaulted ceiling .
va	I	Didn 't want to face her fury confusion and .
va	I	Holding a bunch of red and blue balloons , she stood by Ferris the wheel .
va	O	Or maybe his eyesight was too cloudy , his lids desperate to glue together and ( hopefully ) heal .
va	O	Call him and tell him what happened .
va	O	And most importantly , there were ample harnesses for dolphins .
va	I	Tara from looked Max to the other man and back and shrugged .
va	O	A woman who could highlight her assets wasn 't a rich bimbo ; she was just smart .
va	O	In the bottom drawer of his captain 's bed he pulled out a shoe box .
va	O	He looked at her , and she sensed his awkward position .
va	I	How long do you think it 'll take the police to realize you were at both scenes crime ?
va	I	I looked up at him , enjoying his having company all to myself for a moment .
va	I	Stuffing erupted from the cushions like intestines fluffy , and both armrests were completely mangled .
va	O	He pulled the blanket over me and slid closer .
va	O	The tea is passed to Hailey , who adds honey .
va	O	It was ethereal and frightening at the same time .
va	I	The went shame too deep .
va	O	She yanked a robe off the ground where it had been left behind when one of the warlocks had disintegrated .
va	I	Pasha stiffened astonishment in .
va	O	The sarcasm is totally lost on the liaison officer unfortunately , and I grimace as she smiles another sickly smile .
va	I	I couldn 't do this over phone the .
va	O	It was some sort of ritual , she thought , but she didn 't know what it was for .
va	I	There 's still to time back out .
va	I	There was nothing for it -- we would build it close by and hope our could dragon be enticed somehow into entering its new home .
va	I	I have the same washed , unmarked face man a has .
va	O	I gripped his shoulders , drawing him closer .
va	I	His tongue was rough velvet , lapping at the wound care with .
va	O	I don 't care what your doctors or scientists say .
va	O	The same dress I wore in my dream .
va	I	Out of the corner of her eye , she saw Kevin and headed Dylan back to the table .
va	O	Never a good sign .
va	O	After listening carefully to the terms of this curious marriage arrangement , Lady Anne Douglas had agreed to every demand .
va	O	It was you or her . '
va	O	Nate could only watch as pressure was applied to the firing mechanism as if in slow motion .
va	I	Still , the safe had held fast , and that all 's that mattered .
va	O	I 'd come to talk to her so very easily but this weekend was different , she was such a close friend of Sarah .
va	O	And where the hell was Apollo ?
va	O	Today , I spent all morning stalking an ibex that I saw up on the ridge .
va	I	Where would I go do or ?
va	O	There was some laughter .
va	I	Watched her up get and move through the mosquito net around the bed .
va	O	If he was trying to control his temper , he wasn 't doing a very good job of it .
va	O	And since you won 't be with anyone but me ... His sentence trailed off , but Savannah knew what he meant .
va	O	Mary reached into her bodice and withdrew a paper .
va	O	The TV was almost as big as the backseat itself .
va	I	It 's , like , a biological imperative , right , get to the best genetic material ?
va	O	I clutched my mother 's arm and hid my face .
va	I	Milner went into the motel office by himself , and he when came out he waved at the girl waiting in the car .
va	O	Next , Calvin had them all howling with laughter but soon stopped when , in came Grace asking for a private word .
va	O	He shoved her forward with his boot and she realized she was looking at a black tire .
va	O	I didn 't know if Dee was strong enough for that .
va	O	It was completely unfair .
va	I	And she was sure he rather 'd be dead than be like this .
va	O	The throng of men halted halfway down the stairs .
va	I	Hugh and James had spent last the eight months trying to find an apartment .
va	I	And so was Jane Doe , although Kylie saw reason no to mention that .
va	I	And she certainly wasn 't into hot , men arrogant who gave orders as naturally as other people breathed .
va	O	Rachel had played the game enthusiastically , almost always getting caught due to her inability to stifle the giggles when the seeker drew near .
va	O	Then that last night , I lost my temper , shouted at him , and we fought .
va	O	There 's no way in hell I would have let her anywhere near Runner 's stirrups .
va	I	His fingers brushed against the bottom of my left breast and I sucked a in deep breath .
va	O	They moved faster than she expected from their size .
va	I	I asked , certain there be must others .
va	O	Do you think you can get safely to Lowell ?
va	O	The group chuckles , surprised by my swipe at the queen bee .
va	O	She looked around , half expecting to see their former host come jogging up the road .
va	I	It had be to Ursula .
va	O	It just didn 't work that way .
va	O	The tone in her voice made it clear she knew exactly what was on his mind .
va	I	She and kept Lori in touch for a few years but eventually drifted apart even though they remained best friends .
va	O	He turned toward a movement in the doorway .
va	I	She again yawned and her eyelids drooped .
va	I	Just as he jerked the lever that served as a trigger , a figure flew in front , knocking barrels the aside .
va	I	Her blonde locks bounced angrily with her bobbing head as she walked the shoes to ornate the bronze trash can in the kitchen .
va	I	Were aware they that it was actually well past closing time in the zoo ?
va	I	Mr. coughed Carlos , reminding them of why they were all there .
va	O	We 'll include the new appliances , because we can get a dealer discount .
va	O	Cara patted my arm .
va	O	They teach us how to take them .
va	O	I sat and pressed my back against the wall , tucking my legs against my chest .
va	O	It 'd be nice if I could just go back to sleep , he thought , wondering if he really could .
va	I	The planters ran , screaming , toward small that gap .
va	O	It was almost like having a Get Out of Jail Free card , she decided .
va	I	I didn 't used to know what that meant , but I have should , because my wife is a soldier , too .
va	O	He studies a small object , turning it over in his thick hands .
va	I	Amber 's husband sat on a on chair the porch .
va	O	The estimated value of the collection was mind-boggling even to me , but again it did not matter .
va	I	She stood looking at up him .
va	O	Honestly , I don 't know if I have it in me to deal with anything else today .
va	O	She straightened her short skirt with naïve hands and waited .
va	I	she exclaimed , panicking for a moment before a lie decent came to mind .
va	I	There was a stool in one corner and when he entered the a cage sentry wrenched the staff from his hand .
va	O	As I ran , my mind wandered over things .
va	O	There was absolutely no point dwelling on past mistakes , especially not with the meeting looming .
va	O	The old lady who had been trampled was moaning .
va	O	She whispers to me , glancing up innocently at my face , her sapphire blue eyes look as if they are about to start crying .
va	O	The shadows were so thick , he couldn 't see Griffin 's face , but the voice was unmistakable .
va	O	The young British soldier shook his head .
va	O	She deserved whatever charges were brought against her , whatever the highest court in the land handed down .
va	O	It is more than my perfect dream realized ; it is my son in my arms ... I could continue .
va	I	She needed still an assistant .
va	I	He focused one on car in particular .
va	I	He wiped his face a on towel .
va	O	Kat shook her head .
va	O	Ian stood up and shook his head .
va	I	Without warning , she took a shot , but missed the man front in of her by a large distance .
va	O	Likely to try and flank us because they 've finally figured out that we 're unarmed .
va	O	James looked none too pleased at the coffee .
va	O	He crossed his legs .
va	I	What reason would have she ?
va	I	Then he listened as fuels the began to spurt into the rubber bags , the fluid sloshing against the insides .
va	I	Robin poured himself mug a of coffee , asked me in mime if I wanted one , too .
va	I	When she was sure nobody was looking , pressed she the button .
va	O	Consequently , the military wasted resources , building internment camps for rebellious young men , who refused their duty to their country .
va	I	He bent and kissed his son on the top of his soft , down covered head and kissed his wife , her making sigh with pleasure .
va	O	March sets me on my feet .
va	O	Besides , I couldn 't bring your father back if I wanted to .
va	I	And I say breather , because after Saturday night , went we quite a while on my bed without breathing at all .
va	O	Frowning she put the books down and retrieved the envelope .
va	O	He swerved away , almost losing control .
va	O	The weekend would be awful .
va	I	The thought brought forward rush a of anger , and she saw red .
va	O	I shook my head .
va	O	Mrs. Randall drew a deep breath and continued with a quivering smile .
va	I	However , wasn it 't in front of a slew of people .
va	I	So many changes on Street Blossom , and all of them good .
va	O	He obviously didn 't believe the rumors about me .
va	O	As romantic as the parts of Fifty Shades I 'd read were , that was fiction .
va	O	Find your smugglers and your relic hunters , and tell them to bring back books from before the Dead Age .
va	O	He persuaded , no , demanded , that she begin with the intermediates rather than the beginners .
va	O	The carpets were dirty but intact .
va	O	Now the guy looked ready to snap , his arm trembling , the gun wavering so damned near Kathleen , the trigger finger flexing - No .
va	I	She put one hand on the locker door , and forced foot one inside the locker itself .
va	O	God , they must have given her some powerful shit .
va	I	No , dark not .
va	I	His heart past hastened his breath .
va	I	Sometimes it means getting your hands dirty and doing the thing you hate most so other people might have an time easier of it .
va	I	So ... please , me humor .
va	I	She offered me piece a .
va	I	I far was gone .
va	O	He looked over his shoulder and if I hadn 't known better I would have thought I saw him smile .
va	I	I my shook head .
va	I	The knife spun to the ground , moonlight gleaming on looked what like a white bone handle .
va	I	She wondered if the news journalists would soon be about reporting something more sinister coming out of this building .
va	I	We were perfect a fit : I have a power , he has a power .
va	I	And all you have to do right is now to say to yourself that you will succeed .
va	O	' Oh , you think it 's funny that I 'm hating this right now , don 't you ? '
va	I	That didn 't necessarily make her my enemy , but it certainly didn 't make my her friend either .
va	I	But Joanna wouldn 't be about sure that .
va	I	He really was going to get slapped if was that the case .
va	I	Me That : 's not silly .
va	I	The main bedrooms lined the front end of keep the , looking out over the courtyard .
va	O	The only man who made her feel safe .
va	O	If he were not the ransom , Another would be .
va	O	And I have work , so , that 's like having money , in its own special way .
va	I	Surprise flashed in her eyes she but erased it with an eye roll .
va	I	I like them very much , but 'm I a bit shy .
va	O	Ketchup 's eyes flare .
va	I	Actually , the guy might even be obsessed more .
va	O	When his mouth came down on hers there was an inevitability about the kiss that thrilled her senses .
va	O	Gods , I can 't wait for the seventies !
va	O	Some night many years from now we will discuss the family history again .
va	O	He wanted to do it in person .
va	O	How tall Julia had grown , more woman than child now , and such a beauty .
va	O	They didn 't bother to tell the clerk at the desk they were there .
va	I	Mist from the river had combined smoke with from the ship 's funnels and the factory chimneys to make a dense , foul-smelling , sulphurous murk .
va	O	We kissed , and I lost track of time .
va	I	How the 's leg ? '
va	O	If we delayed any longer , they 'd have us .
va	I	Joshua came up behind Randy and peered over his shoulder , then reached out and the grabbed plane .
va	I	He at swung the wall .
va	I	Good luck , serpent beautiful .
va	O	She guessed the trunks would have the toys and dolls and other memorabilia from her parents and grandparents days .
va	I	For the first time ever , felt I like a fumbling idiot .
va	O	I 've never seen a face so serious .
va	O	Closing the windows he held out his hand for the gun .
va	I	When I looked back at his face , it was bathed a in red haze that made my mouth water with delicious anticipation .
va	I	A few guys glared back at me , but most turned and away focused on their own dates .
va	O	She was wearing a pair of baggy flannel drawstring pants and an oversized knit sweater .
va	I	In silence they searched the rooftop for a door that take would them inside .
va	O	He squared his shoulders .
va	I	Shane twisted around awkwardly the to limit of his ability .
va	I	Lisa felt a turn sick to her stomach .
va	O	Anger is easier for me to express .
va	O	She thought for a moment Remington might be watching , or perhaps she wanted him to watch .
va	O	And it 's not just being served on , or all the toys to play with .
va	O	He might be a dragon , but if he tried to swallow me whole , I 'd make him choke .
va	I	Maybe he might crowd her style and that she wanted to portray an image of a single woman to audience her .
va	I	You can 't the separate love from the hurt and that 's what is triggering you .
va	O	So many horrible losses .
va	I	The Regulators back step the from doors then the doors close .
va	I	To his astonishment , Lynette and her were clan waiting for him .
va	I	Every season , hunters could catch only certain a number of allowed animals .
va	I	He quickly lunged gripped and her husband by the front of his clothes and lifted him .
va	I	He looked at earnestly her .
va	I	I packed my suitcase full of black garments , unsure what of I was preparing for .
va	I	They 've running stopped already .
va	I	I have been here for a few weeks now and I know the sound of the water buffalo backing up the to school .
va	O	He lifted her hand to his lips and brushed a kiss over her knuckles .
va	O	Elizabeth struggled to her feet .
va	O	He 'd hinted at what he wanted to do with her , and she 'd not demurred .
va	I	Maybe we can do tomorrow it ?
va	I	Sela out walked with carefully measured steps , though she clearly wanted to sprint for the door .
va	O	She and Greg never argued about anything right up until the day he dumped her .
va	I	Short : version Archer found religion one night while a buddy lost his .
va	I	With his other hand , he pulls me hard down even as he lifts his h * ps and thrusts into me .
va	I	He manages to raise one side his of mouth in a pale imitation of a smile .
va	I	She didn 't try stop to him .
va	I	The thought sends trickling terror down my spine .
va	I	She had been a comfort on his bad days and a joy on his ones good .
va	I	Bree 't didn take time to say hello .
va	O	And I-I can 't risk that .
va	O	Even though I missed the Pink Champagne toenail polish exchanges we used to have , it was less complicated this way .
va	O	I ran out of the store .
va	O	Very warm in fact .
va	O	I am healthy and muscular , and while I am not Emme , I 'm not Kate Moss either .
va	I	But that after , nothing .
va	I	Her face flamed at the way he used her own words to describe exactly what she was too to terrified think .
va	O	I gulped as I imagined running my fingers through his soft black hair .
va	O	It wasn 't just the gum I wanted .
va	I	Crewe yells as slams he both hands into the steering wheel .
va	I	Minutes later , the Shadow reappeared a with disoriented Slink named Gill .
va	I	He wasn 't at scared all .
va	I	I remembered to back a time when he would have given me a bone crunching hug instead .
va	I	Chapter 3 and Toil Trouble Hekate guided Willow along the stone path that twisted and winded through the gardens .
va	O	He saw a few bodies as he sped away from the meeting hall , trying to trace back the last bullet that had been fired .
va	I	Would batting eyelashes her save her ?
va	I	Initial measurements set the speed of the in ejection excess of three quarter of a million miles per hour .
va	O	Maybe she liked the fact that Heather kept her on her toes .
va	O	He told himself that it was because they needed time alone with their daughter , and that was partly true .
va	I	Cars , taxis , and are people everywhere .
va	O	I rearrange the circle before we join hands .
va	O	Nor would she be able to open up Black Beauty and hear the faint memory of her mother reading it to her .
va	I	Callie knew exactly her where thoughts had gone .
va	I	Metal was hurled metal against .
va	O	It looked like a large open run-down building made from very old wood .
va	O	She pressed on them , but they were solid marble and bolted from inside .
va	I	He drove with his opened windows so he would hear each sound .
va	O	And it wouldn 't .
va	O	I laughed with delight .
va	O	And why in the world would he want her to be his ?
va	O	They were adults now , not kids in high school , but in some ways that made the divide even bigger .
va	O	Kincaid had no chance to alter his course .
va	O	She walked from the den and disappeared into the quiet house .
va	I	I snuggled the into leather again .
va	O	No one else had arrived yet , but he went in anyway .
va	I	But then the Peacekeepers took control of those first sections two of Carver .
va	O	She too , was on the evening news throughout the country .
va	O	We had families of our own , families that needed us , and we couldn 't let them down .
va	I	Peering around Gideon 's form large , Simone watched as Tristan swiftly regained command of his temper and returned to his image of mocking nonchalance .
va	O	He drew himself up , impatiently , before Reuben had a chance to respond , and he gestured for them to leave .
va	I	He was reminded his of better than average strength while he did this .
va	I	The room becoming was dimmer and my head spun .
va	I	There was no family screaming for the lost one loved .
va	I	As our population ages , doctor the shortage will be a big issue than funding healthcare .
va	I	It was him for .
va	I	Mikhail repeated term the matter-of-factly .
va	I	Even though I was traveling the UK and doing things the I always wanted to , I was absolutely miserable .
va	O	Her eyes were a dark green , he saw , framed by dark lashes and brows that suggested the gold of her hair was chemically achieved .
va	O	But even with that thought to console me , the gnawing doubt remained .
va	I	Chandler didn give 't him the chance to hand it to her .
va	I	I could hear still him laughing at me .
va	I	The sadness pain and in his eyes broke my heart .
va	I	That striking is enough in its own right .
va	O	Except , his shape shifting capability was not on the same level as Alexis .
va	O	Daemon moved down , tugging off my boots .
va	O	I 've never run this far before .
va	I	They seemed somehow more now familiar .
va	O	She lost herself in the work of planting bulbs , imagining how each choice would alter the garden next spring .
va	I	I I found had to lower my head .
va	I	Gabe 's energy is smooth and controlled , though notice I it moves fast and tight around his body .
va	I	I finally pulled my hand away and closed my eyes , trying to what gather was left of my sanity for a moment .
va	I	Master Hutchinson said everything will be alright in a week two or ?
va	I	He snagged two bottles of water from the stainless-steel refrigerator in kitchen a he 'd actually learned to use and returned to the living room .
va	I	His kisses were indescribable , the emotion them behind enough to break her heart .
va	O	I 'll give you one day .
va	O	I guess I made enough noise in my fall to alert Reagan , because she screams my name and rushes back .
va	I	Xander and laughed went to hug his mother .
va	O	That 's what he 'd told her .
va	I	Had he been in corporeal form , he would have at laughed their startled expressions .
va	I	They tumbled through my brain , one after another , each one only solidifying decision my - I was never supposed to have survived .
va	I	The monk cursed again , then slowly lowered weapon his .
va	O	Ms. Terwilliger took the coffee gratefully when we reached a small workroom .
va	I	If that 't didn work ... he 'd say that the same person who 'd made Alana disappear had made Don disappear , too .
va	O	What irked Alexandra was that he seemed to consider the lack of this quality a shortcoming .
va	O	Walking through the crowded streets , feeling the sticky heat on my neck , I was happy to be in a skirt .
va	O	I was so intent on what I was doing I didn 't hear him enter the stable .
va	I	I fumed I when met with the twins .
va	O	I tried to slow my racing heart while mortification reddened my face .
va	I	Stray wandered dogs through the rubble , threatened by the leopard .
va	O	I channeled one last burst of power , using everything I could gather , and aimed it at my wolf .
va	I	He was good ... good very .
va	O	For a second , I worried he might not like what he saw .
va	O	That was the thought I had to keep shoving aside and trying to forget .
va	I	I am a not lawyer and I don 't really know the proper legal way of phrasing things .
va	I	She couldn 't keep his any gaze longer .
va	O	Not because she loved him or even that it was the right of thing to do .
va	I	Now this strictly is confidential , but I , m going to tell you .
va	I	Who was that anyway boy ?
va	I	You go on and take a nap or watch some TV whatever or it is your little heart needs to do .
va	O	Regardless of where you 're from , you are indeed one of my race ... or at least a hybrid of some type .
va	O	The winds alone would have been hard for a woman her size to battle .
va	I	He storms of out the room leaving a void of silence in his wake .
va	I	She shook her head and a single fell braid to her waist .
va	O	I was in a convertible .
va	I	he said , looking back at watch the captain .
va	I	And there hadn 't been a damn thing he do could .
va	O	All machines need replacement parts .
va	I	Laughter Hear and , Hears .
va	I	If I wanted to , I could give this guy an ass whooping , but I wouldn 't it do because obviously Mia saw something in him .
va	I	The other throats took up it , until we stood in the midst of the sound of it .
va	I	One eyebrow disbelieving lifted .
va	O	It was parted in the middle , so the golden brown waves fell down the side of my face and along my shoulders .
va	O	I 'll race you .
va	O	He pointed over to the checkout counter , where three metal carts crammed with books sat .
va	O	The blond man came to stand next to me .
va	I	But all the while we were moving deeper into the cave , soon and we heard only static .
va	I	I asked , fol her owing down the hal .
va	I	The paper aged was and brittle .
va	I	Lightning flashed , thunder rolled , and the dull roar of rain louder grew .
va	O	For a brief moment she worried it might drag her across the room .
va	I	I wanted go to .
va	I	She tapped my silver against purse her thigh .
va	O	I could see that her lips were dried and cracked , and I wondered just how much water she needed .
va	I	No , just reaction my to you .
va	O	Ensure that they never do to others what they 've done to you and me .
va	O	He pleaded with her to let him in .
va	I	Since I wasn 't , I 't didn .
va	I	There 's a cooler in the back the of car and a blanket to sit on .
va	I	Every village in Siberia has such a system black-market .
va	O	I was thinking I might get a couple of hours of sleep .
va	I	Twenty rings later , Daria voice 's answered .
va	O	I fought against him but he pressed down painfully and I released the blade .
va	I	His eyelids stuck were together .
va	O	We formed the Welch Corporation .
va	O	There were no seams , no screws , nothing .
va	O	He was still on one knee in front of the sofa where she sat .
va	I	Zeke had talked into me getting a tattoo .
va	I	I stepped back as Will entered apartment the .
va	I	All the men stopped by and visited and even baby Daniel came see to him .
va	I	She didn 't care what planet he from was .
va	I	I with said a weak voice .
va	O	I came back to myself .
va	O	The door had slipped shut when he inched forward , swallowing the shadows and revealing an unruly shock of the blackest hair I 'd ever seen .
va	I	I was almost there , a just few more feet .
va	I	Marguerite threw her head back she as came again .
va	O	Susan stopped eating her yogurt and looked down at her lap in silence .
va	O	He got her light brown hair and hazel eyes .
va	O	The Citadel reminded me of some type of medieval village , with a castle positioned towards the back and clearly the most protected structure inside the walls .
va	I	' Yes , but probably we aren 't , ' said Susan .
va	I	Completely grey with buzzing fluorescent lights , it had institutional that feel and Martin didn 't like it one bit .
va	O	' What was it ?
va	I	An ironic little smile the accompanied plain truth .
va	O	The sun had risen and clouds had passed over the blue sky sending cooling shadows across the squatting figure on the cliff top .
va	I	' The Meaning Life of !
va	I	A strong rang impulse through every muscle in Nikolas 's body .
va	I	Mother died of AIDS when he three was .
va	O	( E 2 regains control of half of his body , but only when E 3 is not speaking ) E 2 : Hey Tina !
va	O	I knew what that stigma felt like .
va	O	Trey was going to college soon , something I 'd been denied initially because I was part of the Alchemists .
va	O	I trusted him with my life .
va	O	The act was personal with him ; he 'd looked into Liv 's eyes when he 'd fired the crossbow at her .
va	O	The housekeeper muttered to herself while patting her chest .
va	I	This meeting ended is .
va	O	Hid in the bushes and nearly scared my horse out of its wits , tossing me from its back !
va	O	The private conversation ceased with the arrival of a kitchen maid .
va	I	Krys looked from him me to .
va	O	When they exit the auditorium , their hands separate .
va	I	I 'll just stick to my plan old of ignoring her and all of her friends .
va	I	I have check to .
va	O	I checked my cell and I had a couple texts from my bestie Dee .
va	I	A wooden thick beam barred it shut .
va	O	Maybe there was nothing I could change .
va	I	She wasn that 't girl anymore .
va	O	Despite herself , longing and a sweet piercing pain shot through her .
va	O	I nodded and watched him walk back inside .
va	I	She looks both physically and emotionally beat up , and it frightens me to think of all the she torture must have endured .
va	I	He out lets a breath , nodding , and releases my hand .
va	O	( Certainly , I would hope , less time than it took to read the book ! )
va	O	' But I can 't take this public without a paint job . '
va	O	But that was slowly changing .
va	O	Miranda made a face as if she 'd just had to swallow something really disgusting .
va	I	Two nozzles at the bottom flared up and bright sent sparks flying .
va	I	I don 't know if there is any one thing that may have the caused change .
va	O	' We 're only musicians . '
va	O	The kitchen went silent and Vincent and Jared looked at me with shock in their eyes .
va	I	I my clear throat .
va	I	I 'm not proud of that fact , it but is the truth .
va	I	Crystal laughed patted and Lysander on the shoulder .
va	O	She shook her head and stared forward .
va	I	His annoying crooked smile now me flustered because I had no idea what it meant .
va	I	She always said helped it to calm the nerves , but it tasted horrible to me .
va	O	This bastard had to be stopped before he could kill again .
va	I	That and was interesting thought to end our visit on .
va	I	It pulls Serena the from ocean , water cascading down her scales as she sheds herself of the salty sea .
va	O	And what was that piece ?
va	O	Caitlin looked at her .
va	O	No wonder she 'd been so eager to offer him the option of a divorce .
va	I	But she had one question more .
va	O	I thought she meant the room I was in , and I was confused if she wanted more lights on .
va	I	He met my eyes and gave me a nod ; I nodded back slowly , and then went the into next room .
va	I	Meredith pulled out gun a , black and deadly , and shot at me .
va	I	Despite the stress of the battle , looked he healthy tonight .
va	O	I gasped in much needed air , and open my eyes .
va	O	She 's an amazing woman who 's doing the job she loves .
va	O	He got his flashlight off the shelf and confirmed his suspicions .
va	I	' It really was so depressing .
va	I	Her long teeth seemed make to it hard for her to close her lips .
va	O	Now , he was stuck in L.A. traffic in a very small car .
va	I	Chapter 37 Layla is the one who comes me for .
va	O	He held her tight to his body .
va	I	She 's not smiling or teasing , but she 's judging not me either .
va	O	He reared back , her words obviously hitting him hard .
va	O	Then Miriam pulled Ted into the trees as soon as she saw Marlon 's frightened face .
va	O	The sales ladies brought her white ballerinas and tied up some of her curls with a white band .
va	O	She hadn 't been gone that long , and yet it was a lifetime .
va	I	Coach emerged from the then building , blowing one chirp on his whistle .
va	O	He is really very soft at heart , is our Clement .
va	I	He nodded quietly , agreeing not or disagreeing , but understanding what I was saying .
va	I	She was so small she was like a doll , his and arms ached to hold her .
va	O	I glanced around idiotically and then it clicked .
va	I	He also had a crooked smile with left the side of his mouth looking higher than the right .
va	I	And what if we did get married it and didn 't work out ?
va	I	She was about to say something beyond years her .
va	I	' Did you come for here me ?
va	I	I wanted to talk to best my friend about all of it .
va	O	The second step he was used to : sit and wait .
va	O	He sifted through the possibilities and only came to one , a rather foolish one .
va	I	I could see the same bluish glow as the pillars had given off , but not much despite more the lamp in my hand .
va	I	he said and picked her up to carry her to bedroom her .
va	I	We practice until the rumble clouds , the sky drizzles , and the air chills .
va	I	When tongue his begged entrance , I knew it would shatter my world .
va	I	The Congo Delta Myth in and History ( London ; Peters .
va	I	Cassandra snatched her hand his from arm .
va	O	Surely she wasn 't as tiny as he seemed to remember .
va	I	Echo feels pity him for in the end , because he 'd forgotten the beauty that Light holds .
va	I	Girl , you been have too long without a man .
va	I	William said that he would like to look some for medications for himself as well .
va	I	The dogs have their worked best , the falcons too ; even as we watched , my peregrine was about to make a kill .
va	I	It was so fleeting , like a wasps sting at the base of spine my .
va	I	Sarah resumed to typing out the email was she working on .
va	O	But he also may not care if he starts a war . '
va	I	The purse felt in weighty my small hand , indicating a good amount of coins .
va	O	I sat up straight and drew forth all the patience in my soul .
va	I	K closed the door with his elbow then pulled on a pair of gloves rubber .
va	O	I chomped down on a bite of cereal , the crunch the only sound in the kitchen except for Nixon 's teeth clicking against his lip ring .
va	I	He the shook hair out of his face .
va	I	The man took from over his father over five years ago , and since then he 's been leaving us little breadcrumbs to follow .
va	I	Both of hands his reached up and cupped one of my arms .
va	O	I haven 't seen anyone moving for about an hour .
va	O	Your cleaning people will vouch for him .
va	O	He delicately dragged the curtain along the track , a few inches at a time , until it was nearly closed .
va	I	She would despise you if you made too yourself available .
va	O	She looked nervously up at the others and gave a shaky grin .
va	O	Just off the road stood Garth , he was talking to one of his trees while he carried a contented Miss Blackie in his arms .
va	O	She 'd forgotten all about it .
va	I	After all , it happened to all him the time .
va	I	It was American Literature and Nellie knew all of the books like the back of own her hand .
va	I	The difference was , this time , she wouldn 't let him get her near .
va	I	He was quiet for moment a .
va	O	What was he doing ?
va	O	He may feel a little tired or ill now , but soon he may discover how to make himself feel well .
va	I	Landon looked as though couldn he 't breathe .
va	I	Mary positively Jane howled with laughter .
va	O	The area was a mess of wagons , mules , and weeping women and children .
va	O	THE END Chapter One Laughter floated over the vacant playground , an echo , a call .
va	I	Tiffany bent down bit a to look her in the eye .
va	I	We work 'll with you .
va	O	The thief reacted with the speed of a wary cat .
va	O	His snarky comment put a smile on her face .
va	O	It burned in me that he had no shame about it and I realized that must have been the way he felt with me .
va	I	He to started growl .
va	I	I should have waited to a buy ring until after I found out if she hates me or not .
va	O	He was interested in her work without being overly inquisitive , and he only talked about his work when specifically asked about it .
va	O	I had my suspicions from the moment I heard the young Prince had taken you .
va	I	He was the third guy you ever tricked into becoming Goodspeed Ken .
va	I	She was silent for so long that Colt knew that whatever she was going to say would make difference a .
va	O	I got up from the chair and put my hand on his shoulder .
va	O	You guys get into the van and get out of here when we get in the car .
va	O	If students don 't feel safe in their environments then it 's much harder for them to learn .
va	I	Melanie received her likewise , just like they the reenacted end of the parable of the Prodigal Son .
va	I	Rachel had simply to appeared vanish .
va	I	Follow them for now , but keep your distance and do interfere not unless they threaten someone .
va	O	She liked saying it .
va	I	What the was hell going on ?
va	I	he behind points me .
va	O	The one that 's still there , still confining him .
va	O	I met her pensive expression with one of my own .
va	I	It wasn 't until Darren caught it and sailed back it with ease that Danni exhaled .
va	O	He confirmed that the number his caller ID had caught was a cell phone .
va	I	He helped her from the truck and tucked close her .
va	I	CHAPTER 23 Our ferry just had ported .
va	O	He pulled at his ropes and rocked the chair from side to side .
va	O	Let the madness begin .
va	I	This is all based on the fancies of an man ill .
va	I	How would even I begin to explain that to her ?
va	I	She couldn 't get to him up here , couldn she 't do anything to him as long as he remained here .
va	I	He didn want 't that .
va	I	Zane glanced at up the canopy .
va	I	And saw silver a sedan cruising down the street .
va	O	Jerrell was at his desk and glanced up at the knock .
va	I	I so 'm sorry .
va	O	So , to save us both the trouble , I lied and sneaked some Tylenol when my Dad wasn 't looking .
va	I	I my slid hands behind his neck and deepened the kiss .
va	I	I want be to better .
va	I	For first the time since Jazmine had arrived , she 'd called her Aunt Shana .
va	O	I liked this side of Alec , the playful one .
va	I	She was what I looked forward to after expedition every -- sweet perfume .
va	O	I wasn 't ready to look .
va	I	She hissed and snapped out , but with a curse ripe , he threw the snake against a nearby tree .
va	I	Verity herself forced to be understanding and undemanding .
va	O	When she sat back , she nearly dropped the cotton ball in surprise : What had Isabelle done to her ?
va	I	The full blaze the of morning sun shot through the window .
va	I	She had become very of fond Alan and sensed that he felt the same way .
va	I	Because one won 't me leave alone .
va	I	She glanced around and saw the boat up hitched behind .
va	I	I happy 'm being single .
va	O	In her spare room , she had a laptop that picked up a neighbor 's wireless network .
va	O	A brilliant light eclipses the darkened sky and streams upon Nicholas and Andrew .
va	O	Three masters scoffed openly , including Kit Fisto .
va	O	Jonas cared about providing her food : not enough to be replete , but enough to survive .
va	O	She rested her hand on the arm of the chair , and found herself wondering why he hadn 't decided to take her .
va	O	Did you hear them , Legolas ?
va	I	Lucan back glanced to Mira and Kellan .
va	I	I asked , grasping a for way to understand what stood in front of me .
va	O	It was a question that had stayed fixed in his mind for over a month .
va	I	Her first response was spit to on him .
va	I	Home , home sweet .
va	O	For me to stand in the hotel lobby where Malvern arranged for us to meet is for me to be gobbled up .
va	O	A tall man in a cleanly pressed suit and carrying a leather satchel sprinted out of a corner bank .
va	I	But she always dimmed my around father .
va	I	she asked casually as as she could .
va	O	Liam bellowed , hesitating a moment before releasing the man 's fist .
va	I	He never got out adopted .
va	I	Before long they reached a tree lying its on side .
va	O	Great idea , he muttered inside his head .
va	I	I tried had for ten years .
va	O	Trust that he 'd survive .
va	I	I came down hard on my wrist , a of yelp pain escaping .
va	O	I can 't believe she hasn 't introduced herself .
va	O	A buyer you tried to steal from .
va	I	That fit with what he 'd observed her of in the mess hall .
va	O	I wondered what she 'd think if she knew her lord had been pretty willing to love me up yesterday .
va	I	A frail answered lady .
va	I	My heaved dad a sigh .
va	I	The feeling unease of magnified .
va	I	That 's the why floors in our corridors and apartments seemed unfinished to you .
va	O	Hunters were faster and deadlier than Jacque 's generation .
va	O	Today , our last day together , was apparently not going to be different .
va	O	Let 's all work together .
va	I	He could not do that , not when she had defended his honor and complimented him so on thoroughly his few useful attributes .
va	I	When he touched my ass during a lesson , I a had major one .
va	O	Raven was locked mind to mind with another .
va	O	They were pretty good .
va	I	CHAPTER FIFTEEN The man do could a good sneer ; Andrea gave him that .
va	O	The Assassins sought Cesare frantically , but in vain .
va	O	I sat there for at least ten minutes after she left , just to make sure she wasn 't coming back .
va	O	Word of the tape quickly spread to command leadership .
va	O	Downstairs in the tearoom she had made it clear that she had some doubts about both his talent and his commitment to the job .
va	O	I needed to be reminded of the tragedy , but I couldn 't bear any more tears .
va	O	It was an almost uncontrollable urge .
va	O	The depth of the ocean did not appear to lessen .
va	O	The distant sirens of ambulance , police and fire vehicles were getting closer .
va	O	What other stations were on the far side of that peculiar fog front ?
va	O	The slender white trunks of the birches , creamy and smooth as human skin .
va	I	It bothered has me from the beginning that I was able to find out all of this information on Marcella Wilson and nobody else had .
va	O	Plump , perfectly bowed red lips .
va	O	Tori yelled but nobody listened .
va	O	She always makes her matches a wonder to watch and her passion is moving .
va	I	The man 's voice was melodious , musical almost to his ears .
va	I	There was nothing could he do to stop wanting Golden .
va	I	After rushing over him to , I quickly removed his micro radio headset .
va	O	Malice in plenty he had encountered , but it all operated by snubs and sneers and stabbing in the back .
va	I	Todd exclaimed watching her pulse lower a to controlled state .
va	I	Just like the Ali Real .
va	O	She paused at last year 's photograph of herself smiling at the camera , standing outside this building , which housed the original Parties .
va	I	she whispered through teeth her .
va	I	Aidan and Jimmy had circled around and gone back for him as soon as it was to safe do so .
va	I	she snorts and is overcome silliness with again .
va	O	She stepped into a well of blackness relieved only by a shaft of moonlight darting through the leaded windows .
va	I	She was staring into fire the .
va	I	Then he began to descend the stairs as as fast his permanently stiff leg would allow .
va	O	Dr. Feinstein wrote something on his pad and then put the pad down and rubbed his eyes .
va	I	I know 'm I not completely helpless .
va	I	All want men sex .
va	O	At last she retired to a state of fitful sleep in her filthy sleeping quarters .
va	O	She stood off to one side , her expression soft as she smiled .
va	I	It was too to dark see clearly .
va	O	Today was a new day .
va	O	It was different with the Supernatural creatures .
va	I	I raise my head and realise the wind has away died .
va	I	I didn 't think you would kick me out of mine all long night .
va	O	Susan hid the pang of jealousy she felt at seeing him in the gown that she would have worn to so much more advantage .
va	I	I learned what firsthand can happen .
va	I	Cameron didn 't often women kiss on the lips .
va	I	Their relationship is still secret a .
va	O	The strategy was reconfigured and the groups split into formation with three onslaughts planned after a direct infiltration of the conference by Solas and Odin .
va	I	I locked eyes with zombie the , who seemed aware of what just happened .
va	I	He went a faster little , she went a little faster .
va	I	And for the record , I have not him led on .
va	I	Mia came back the in room and sat down next to her brother .
va	O	Where did she think she was running to ?
va	I	The floor trembled beneath her , the world shuddering it as started up again .
va	I	The returned man to his work .
va	O	She ran back into the kitchen , got a roast from the freezer and stuck in the microwave to thaw it out some .
va	I	There to had be an alternative .
va	I	Though it assuaged his thirst , it 't didn satisfy his need .
va	O	Some of the fleeing civilians raced forward , others turned around and started to retreat .
va	O	Someone had tried to bandage the wound , but the wrappings were soggy and stained green and yellow with pus .
va	I	One eventually drew closer he until could see the torso wrapped in white cotton .
va	O	Hannah wrote down her questions .
va	I	She him followed , no longer attempting to speak .
va	I	I out pulled the card .
va	I	Frustration within rose him .
va	O	the redhead left abruptly , her cheeks still flushed with unspoken frustration .
va	I	He saw the serious look on face my .
va	I	His father his delegated more unsavory tasks to Hywel , but not all of them could be done alone .
va	I	In the by darkness the hedge at the rear of the property , I saw two figures .
va	I	I didn 't anything say since I was afraid to say the wrong thing .
va	I	The smiled Witch as the ball neared her .
va	O	He threw off his blanket and began fumbling for his pants in the dark .
va	I	She looked at me as if were I her last hope .
va	I	She wanted nothing more than to make her customers feel the way she had felt , surrounded comfort by and love , so many years ago .
va	I	I pulled on some clothes and followed her out to car the .
va	I	Even though she was no longer a child , she was not so old that she no had need of her mother 's comfort .
va	O	Spike took a last look over his shoulder as they stepped through , Terri clinging discreetly onto his arm .
va	I	Tears down run each cheek .
va	O	And yes I did try that .
va	I	I shook my in head disgust at the décor .
va	O	I am telling you , Sean , DNA is the only way to find out Deb 's father .
va	I	Was alive I or was I dead ?
va	O	Penny stands up , steam rolling off her skin in waves , and water dripping down her body .
va	O	Calvin was clearly the one in charge in their group and he was in charge of the situation as well .
va	O	In tears , she explained what it meant to the locals to roam the property .
va	O	She squeezed his hand tightly , looking to reassure him and ease his fears , but she wasn 't sure she succeeded .
va	I	He began speak to but snapped his pale lips shut on his comment .
va	I	Wiping drool from her cheek she sat slowly upright , blinking uncomfortably in harsh the light from the window .
va	I	You leave here it .
va	I	His sons stepped back in alarm , but paid Bob no attention .
va	I	He dropped to his knees , felt for it , then slipped it out , the light blazing beautiful the on jeweled cover .
va	O	Trevor 's frown deepened with confusion .
va	I	I finally manage croak to .
va	O	The place was almost deserted this time of day .
va	I	It didn 't to seem be working .
va	I	Before Ned could say a word , Lisa took hold of her 's husband elbow .
va	I	There only were three white eggs .
va	O	But Ty was shaking his head .
va	I	He immediately typed a response and said could he meet her tonight .
va	I	Fin reached for Simon 's and hand turned it palm up .
va	O	Iona thought she possibly might , until she got to the bears .
va	I	Then does his chair swinging around bit , he 's right in my face , feel I a bit uncomfortable .
va	O	As the joint brainchild of Archibald Polk and Sean McKnight , Painter could not abandon Sigma .
va	O	He wasn 't sure it would be enough to keep his job once the interview aired , but maybe he 'd keep his pension .
va	I	I at smiled his innocence .
va	O	Nearly everyone who came into Sizzle Cafe talked about it , and it was about the only topic that could stop them chatting about Stiletto Girl .
va	O	Like pulling thoughts straight from my mind , he unzipped his pants .
va	I	I stare at him , still dazed the from past few minutes .
va	I	The man inside to seemed be more of an emotionless soldier than David remembered .
va	O	Swallowing hard , Isabella blinked .
va	O	He prayed for Lily 's safe passage and he surrendered to a power he would never see with earthly eyes .
va	I	But I was not convinced entirely .
va	I	His smile was nothing Aiden like 's , but it was nice .
va	I	Daniel his clenched jaw .
va	I	Chapter 8 The stranger slid across the bench seat the of farm truck , keeping her pistol aimed at Aquarius .
va	I	How can I talk to Hailey this about if I don 't want to relive that night again ?
va	I	The facility be might overrun and we 'll be the only ones left .
va	O	Was he even married ?
va	I	You lucky 're the amperage wasn 't higher or you 'd both be fried .
va	O	She almost pointed this out to Clark , and then decided it might be smarter to hold her tongue about that , too .
va	I	I felt and aggravated a little mean .
va	O	The corners of Ian 's lips lift into a smile .
va	O	He studied my face .
va	I	The emerged village into view and Cian sped up his horse .
va	I	He groaned as he me devoured , sending my head spinning .
va	I	Like he 's happy perplexed and and extremely agitated all at the same time .
va	I	Raising arms his over his head , Trevor ducked down , worming the rest of himself through the round opening .
va	I	You have been about thinking us , haven 't you ?
va	O	The article is fragile and of great age , and we believe that it is not being adequately preserved .
va	I	I 'm not sure if it 's meant to be flattering , or if he 's been with charged retrieving us like a couple of lost parcels .
va	O	Briefly , I wondered what would happen if all faeries knew who I was .
va	O	It didn 't take long because all I had to do was follow the sound of screaming .
va	I	The young shrugged man .
va	I	James frowned , the swallowed water from his bottle .
va	O	He knew she was seeing someone , and he suspected she 'd been seeing him even before they 'd separated , but it wasn 't important .
va	I	Only then did realise he how stressed he 'd become .
va	I	Flashlights were bobbing sweeping and from several places , each one producing a visible beam in the thickening pall of smoke .
va	O	At the end of the week , all of the boys finished ' their time ' and were released .
va	O	She opened her eyes and looked straight into mine .
va	I	She refused leave to it alone .
va	O	Francesca has her hands over her mouth .
va	O	Jesus , it was cold .
va	O	My parents are easy .
va	O	It had become apparent that the theft of the pistol had been discovered .
va	I	I need weight the of him on me .
va	I	The tender way Dylan at looked Glory and the gentleness of his touch told Andrea what decision he 'd reached .
va	O	The chimney was right there .
va	O	I 'd certainly have to send him a polite thank-you note .
va	I	And tiny eye little sockets .
va	O	They were hit , head on , by a car going 90 miles per hour .
va	O	My mother handed her a second package , this one a little larger .
va	I	I nodded agreement in .
va	I	These finishing touches gave the stones a look unique , feel , and shine .
va	O	Sandy : She has something against Kate , and that means she has something with me by proxy .
va	O	I take in a long breath , drawing comfort from the salty sea air .
va	O	He always said interns as if it left a bad taste in his mouth .
va	O	We had gotten up early to take a hike and were approaching a small creek .
va	O	He remembered the mobs of people standing alongside the buses taking the American soldiers from the airport .
va	O	Try not to engage anything , Goodfellow .
va	O	There was no telling how many times in the last eight years Wulf had met Marie .
va	O	If you turned out to be trouble , I was gon na kill you with it .
va	I	The human 's blinked eyes once behind the distorting lenses of his glasses .
va	I	While that meant she knew more him about than she did any other stranger , she still didn 't know a lot about him .
va	O	The cramped size of the two bedroom apartment makes it difficult for him to find any privacy .
va	O	I rolled the canoe upright and swam to shore , dragging it behind me .
va	I	I picked up some and bits pieces and I know ' Clinique ' is a hospital .
va	O	My heart was pounding as this new element was introduced into our agreement .
va	O	As she wondered what it would take to snap her neck using her own body weight , she saw him .
va	O	She paused a moment , composing herself for whatever was ahead , and then proceeded .
va	I	You know the rules when you get into business the .
va	I	He climbed the white wood steps leading up the to tiny landing in front of the door .
va	I	Any case might we know ? '
va	O	She kept the phone aside and thanked her stars .
va	I	I in got the car and picked up the phone to look at .
va	O	It is united under the Ice Bear and Ice Rabbit sigil .
va	I	He went back to baby the pictures .
va	I	A hunk of metal that 's put together to fast drive .
va	O	I couldn 't look at her at all too .
va	I	She his swallowed protest , sobbed .
va	O	And pleaded with her to drink .
va	I	Jack still clutches kidney his .
va	I	I wondered they where 'd parked their cars - unless they flew around on broomsticks , ha ha .
va	I	Seeing its demise , the other Dark parted Ones for the being , no longer regarding him with anger but with an understanding that bordered on reverence .
va	O	Had she done this ?
va	I	She set the pieces of the claw aside , staring down at it for a long before moment pulling a chair close .
va	O	The Fire department out Washington Street ... Gone .
va	I	To anyone else , I might make a crack getting about old .
va	O	It took the Ancients nearly an hour of fierce fighting to enter the city , but it took less than five minutes for them to realize defeat .
va	I	The wagons headed for royal the palace are naturally off limits .
va	I	I plan to document my entire journey in this journal so that I will have sensational stories for my parents when return I .
va	O	Ramirez tapped the pen off the pad .
va	O	Her eyes slowly traveled up to his face , and he shook his head .
va	O	His cries went on and on .
va	O	He thanked God Roger was with him -- he would have gone mad if Haworth had opted to return to Chester .
va	I	Magnus swore , a in language she didn 't know .
va	O	He still didn 't see it .
va	O	A woman spoke for the first time .
va	O	The driver was downshifting and pressing the accelerator to get the most out of an over-used engine and low-grade gasoline .
va	I	It only once rang before he answered .
va	O	To kill the Shadow , we might have to kill Sora .
va	I	He placed the pick lightly in my fingers and I to tried copy his move .
va	I	This allowed him to re-enter a with different proposal .
va	O	His mother stared up at him .
va	I	The place where we weren students 't supposed to be , where no one ever went .
va	O	It looked like so much blood .
va	O	Like a juggernaut they rumbled on with out so much as a stumble .
va	I	I chased them , in gun hand .
va	I	No rose sun here .
va	O	He recoiled inwardly , and she saw it .
va	O	The small fleet moved onward , coming nearer until they were on the system 's outskirts , and then inside it .
va	O	Carol hadn 't known .
va	I	Dorian didn 't answer right and away didn 't look very concerned .
va	I	I put a hand on Kyle 's back and led toward him my house .
va	O	Shouts rise up from the left side of the room , and I see blurs of fists pressing into the dark air .
va	I	As my eyes catch sight of the brilliant colors of a painting , errant all thoughts leave me and I find myself walking toward it and William .
va	O	Without a doubt , he would .
va	I	I could only dimly imagine the effort Herculean behind this simple gesture .
va	I	Lauren one took look at his tense expression and decided he needed a break .
va	I	As it fell upon the table with fractured optics , the display were screens hit by sonic vibrations and cracked apart .
va	I	Her narrowed eyes as she watched him head gesture to his father .
va	I	The world famous tennis player had written a interesting very suicide letter to her lover 's husband .
va	O	Eyes wide , she reached for Talon , who lunged toward her .
va	I	I 've got a witness -- Alfie -- who can Gerard place at the scene and at the time of the murder .
va	I	she pointed straight ahead at the three jumping dolphins out of the water but they disappeared quickly .
va	O	Benjamin agreed when I told him that my Crazy Aunt Letty should keep on being the featured speaker because we have so much to learn from her .
va	I	He his crossed arms and tapped his foot .
va	I	We soon established rhythm a .
va	O	She shrugged , the action a little stiff .
va	O	Weir asked almost angrily , but I could tell he was expecting a logical answer .
va	I	Then , my phone began to buzz indicating I had a message text .
va	O	They want to fight even though they 're going to have a lot of work to do once we 're done with Anderson 's army .
va	I	Sam 's face me told he hadn 't asked himself this question before , and it took him a long time to answer .
va	O	When it has once been attained , you might then say it had been at the beginning just as well as at the end .
va	I	He glanced around little a more , settling on the stairway in time to notice Mark , Jon and a Japanese guy walking down the steps .
va	I	The monster inside him , his Mr. Hyde , was nowhere be to found .
va	I	As we fell , I toward twisted him and slammed my palm into his nose .
va	I	Nobody was to going steal his thunder today .
va	O	I felt the girls line up , poised to tell the Wildcats to attack , but I stared at Aiden .
va	O	He made a couple of turns and then headed down Forest .
va	I	And seemed it to work .
va	I	Then was she in his arms .
va	I	She reached and out gathered it up .
va	O	The wolf had risen up inside him as they had made love , thrown back his head and howled .
va	O	' Yes , she provided post-operative care .
va	O	I yelled , but he didn 't hear me .
va	I	I gently push back her into the seat .
va	O	He watched a lot of people sicken and die at the clinic , and nobody survived once the eyes went glassy and yellow .
va	O	All three of them nodded and sat back down in their chairs .
va	O	Fuck , I bet I could take her for hours , on multiple surfaces before she grew tired .
va	O	Burnett continued his tirade .
va	O	He moved down the hall slowly and then stopped once Charlene was in view .
va	I	She yawned and over rolled to face him .
va	O	I 'm terrified he 's going to screw up and end up locked up or dead .
va	O	She took a bite of chicken before she continued .
va	I	Donovan 's voice was strained and desperate , but he remained and calm I clung to his voice .
va	I	I was scared to leave the room and what face was to come .
va	O	It is a powerful weapon , capable of swaying circumstances in their favor , and Born was touched by the young Earth human 's show of emotions .
va	O	He scowled when he saw her .
va	O	I turn my furious gaze on Samantha .
va	O	Most in fact are no longer with us at all .
va	O	Fen found himself cursing again .
va	O	I feel a touch on my boot .
va	O	Instead of a white bed though , it 's black .
va	I	I can 't change what 's already happened ... I but 'm not staying ... Sam pushed forward .
va	O	When Marina heard me , she also got sick .
va	I	She needed wine more .
va	O	He winks at me and walks away .
va	O	She 'd dressed with care , in new low riders with a tight green T-shirt .
va	I	More than relieved when they left , Oswald stood Benson near the window glaring at the two nosey young women .
va	O	As he slowed , the shawl draped down over his head .
va	I	Sounds aural an shield could have politely hidden if she hadn 't wanted anyone to hear .
va	O	He went to the trough made by this hill and the next -- a valley that drained its waters into the river .
va	I	Ruby exhaled relief in .
va	I	I told you was it not important , now .
va	O	Sean King was all male and seeing raw appreciation in his gaze had started a slow burn inside her that was still smoldering .
va	O	The shoe popped off , sending the hero flopping forward and the villain floundering backwards .
va	O	John was momentarily shocked by this response , then he grabbed Amy 's arm and began to pull her towards the house .
va	O	It wasn 't romantic , it wasn 't sweet and filled with tangible longing or loving care .
va	I	His hand right passed through it .
va	I	Kaylin grabbed arm my .
va	I	Sleep overtook quickly me .
va	O	Bonnie didn 't know what to say .
va	O	This was Declan though .
va	O	' In your dreams , dear . '
va	O	She wanted to escape and longed to feel the wind on her face and the sun on her neck as she pumped those pedals .
va	O	I was scrolling through text messages when I collided against something solid .
va	O	He stared straight ahead and ignored what was going on around him .
va	O	Even from where he stood close to the front of the group , he could hear Luke desperately whispering to her as she shook her head .
va	I	To act as though she 'd easily capitulated in order to get her chain back .
va	O	I hated to think of Kira becoming distraught over cheerleading .
va	O	He was throwing what was left of his grenades into the crowds of the dead .
va	O	It was a smooth run , no surprises , and I 'm purring with satisfaction .
va	O	Caden exploded before Max had a chance to question further .
va	I	Johnny carefully folded the letter alive feeling again .
va	O	His muscles were knotted .
va	I	He gave to it me without even trying .
va	I	She her cleared throat .
va	I	They both tumbled the to ground and crashed into a malodorous kennel .
va	I	At the moment he cannot choose between a golden ship or a necklace of rubies diamonds and .
va	O	Adrian winked at Nina .
va	O	He looked over his shoulder as Dennis pulled out into the street .
va	O	She 's a good friend of my mom 's , and it was a way to save some money .
va	O	We want to keep it that way for now .
va	I	I don think 't they expected as much spell craft as we sent their way .
va	O	After chemo , a subsequent visit revealed I had new tumors in the sentinel lymph nodes .
va	O	We 've got a Queen , nice girl .
va	O	She gasped as she realised what I was about to do , but I silenced her with a raised finger against my lips .
va	O	A bitter chuckle escapes her lips .
va	I	He is so tall and strong and I come only his to waist .
va	I	I walk into my room and pull my yellow t-shirt over my head and fall first face on to my bed .
va	I	Sam went down to the lab and the found stat book lying on top of the patient files .
va	O	You would 've been killed if she hadn 't taken you to The Sanctuary .
va	O	This ice skating thing must be a big deal with them .
va	O	He drove to his sister 's and stored his things in Sara 's empty garage apartment .
va	I	I looked at Alcide sideways , to see if was this startling to him , but he looked quite matter-of-fact .
va	O	Elliot gave her the tight smile of a bridge officer with important information - a mixture of smug self-importance and worry .
va	I	She almost wanted to laugh , except this was hideously so embarrassing that even laughter wouldn 't have broken the tension .
va	O	A patchwork of blues and greens so intense , it made his eyes water .
va	O	Plenty others ... But none of them matched the rage he felt at the sight of that face in the poster .
va	O	It was not entirely an order .
va	I	Ella picked up a wand mascara and leaned in to the mirror .
va	I	The biggest mystery was he how got the body to a public place like the Lincoln Memorial .
va	O	The screen showed the polished sphere .
va	O	I walked out of his office , and I didn 't look back to see whether he 'd smiled in victory .
va	O	Then she smiled as she realized the little monkey robot was still around her neck -- the one that had been translating for her all along .
va	I	Beneath his lip one saw fang a protrude .
va	O	' But it 's as if he was two people , and that the Toby we knew was a lie . '
va	I	He bit back angry an response .
va	O	She snarled at him .
va	I	He liked the use of numbers which heard he , sitting right behind the Erie bench .
va	O	It hadn 't taken me long to discover that she was completely self-absorbed and had little interest in being a mother .
va	I	A sliver of pale sunlight hit the brick wall near a trophy case , only to disappear second a later .
va	O	It was fronted by a white , wooden wraparound porch .
va	O	More than I 'd asked for , more than I 'd deserved .
va	O	But they were not just shaking .
va	O	He 's not taking this well .
va	I	The top-class was event scheduled for midafternoon .
va	I	A crash sounded in the apartment , followed a by curse .
va	O	Again his speech received a standing ovation and he stayed at the podium waiting for the clapping to die down .
va	O	I don 't mean that I joined those promoting the idea of Atlantis or anything , but let me give you an example .
va	I	I cared very how much I put my look together .
va	O	Margaret and I were her caregivers now .
va	O	He reached down to dial the numbers , 9-1-1 , but the phone sat in the cradle .
va	O	he asked as they settled into a wooden booth .
va	I	She should know better than to her open mouth and say something like that .
va	O	She twirled the wet black fabric once around her finger before tucking it along with her top in her tote .
va	O	Had to find him .
va	O	When we got to the parking lot , I simply couldn 't walk any longer .
va	I	All the people died who that night , No One being myself .
va	I	If you want to talk him with , please be at my office .
va	O	It was odd that they 'd come here when Burns had called them .
va	O	You must go to her and implore her .
va	O	The difference in their sizes didn 't intimidate her , even though she had to look up to meet his gaze .
va	I	At the thought of making love to there him , she grew dizzy with anticipation .
va	O	Long gone from her bed .
va	I	Zane smiled and up gazed at his partner .
va	I	But either way , the thought of accepting her offer made sick me to my stomach .
va	I	She her cocked head .
va	I	Unfortunately , was she wrong .
va	O	Both his brothers were siding with Eveline against his clan .
va	I	She just stared at the jacket against resting her thigh .
va	O	I winked at him .
va	O	Could only lock her legs around his h * ps and shove her body back against his as hard as she could .
va	I	I cringe thinking about girls here having sex with that freak , and I can 't believe I ever let touch him me .
va	O	What if Sunny got mad at her for something stupid and turned her into a pig .
va	I	She paused reminiscence in .
va	I	Who else could he turn to but his friend who knew how to Spanish speak ?
va	O	Here at last were the forebears she truly resembled ; she could see her features in their faces .
va	I	He glanced Sabine at 's brother .
va	I	On the drive back his to home he stopped off at a store that specialised in baby products .
va	O	Stefan fell to the side , slipping as he tried to scramble up again .
va	O	He laughs and grabs hold of my hand .
va	I	I do the only thing can I .
va	I	A decent garden would go a long way to him keeping in Canada .
va	I	Amelie strolled over to her hold torch to the teepee .
va	O	The idea of developing a powerful ally seemed to have set him thinking deep , and not happy , thoughts .
va	I	The basilica of a domed church on rose their right .
va	I	He wanted this to woman be his tonight .
va	I	But he would not them win all .
va	O	And who was going to go first .
va	O	I want to be with him .
va	I	Up and down Main , was all quiet .
va	I	They would be laughing at for her committing so thoroughly to their prank on the new girl .
va	O	Eva 's name had never been brought up .
va	O	He looked all around .
va	I	They will be staying the night in the house they and have been given permission to arrive a bit earlier , if they wish .
va	I	She rocks back and forth on her heels as though 's she full of the same nervous energy I am .
va	I	Zuzana held still while Karou painted perfect pink rouge circles onto cheeks her .
va	O	In fact they were horrid .
va	O	The Twin Dragons Chapter 43 .
va	I	He tapped his fingers against hips my .
va	I	I heard 'd enough .
va	I	Caitlin could not move , and the force of his was hand hurting her .
va	O	It must have been juicy , judging from his swarthy grin .
va	I	This wasn about 't getting an order from his unit 's director .
va	O	I had enough of my own .
va	I	But if what if someone did sabotage Cessna the that Saturday or Sunday we were stranded in the ranges .
va	O	Maybe because I hadn 't been ready .
va	O	Nothing was solid when it was impermanent .
va	O	There are all sorts of people in the streets .
va	I	Cocking my head , I glared at him as I one threw hand to my hip .
va	I	Riley had never had work to for a girl , so a resisting Mary Ann was good for him .
va	I	Some might even call her selfish , saying she was her putting own desires before the best interest of the child .
va	I	His father didn 't respond for seconds several .
va	O	The bar was empty , so she stepped up to the piano and sang one of her favorite songs .
va	I	The impotent force of the blast was barely to enough draw his attention .
va	I	But then imagined I it .
va	I	Xavier had his in hands his pockets wearing a face of stone .
va	I	He at looked me .
va	I	The car roared life to as I stepped on the accelerator .
va	O	Danny yanked open the door then stepped back in surprise .
va	O	From it , I felt a sense of peace and warmth , stirring softly into my heart .
va	O	Colt and I broke away after the second dance and started on our wedding to-do list .
va	O	I am the girl 's tutor and her mentor .
va	O	My mind was racing .
va	O	Mom 's voice breaks through all other conversation .
va	O	Nobody even turned around to watch them leave .
va	O	I couldn 't even smell the grass .
va	O	Michael was feeling pretty good about himself , but when he moved , his whole body ached .
va	I	He touched her cheek in gentle a caress .
va	O	Each a respectful distance apart , leaving the other enough space to breathe , to grow .
va	I	The basket she to pointed was being held by a woman near where the ball had been .
va	I	He was more lithe than new his wife , with thinning brown hair and square glasses .
va	O	She knew me all too well .
va	I	Her mouth was open , mesmerized by an image on wall the .
va	O	' Patti , you sure as hell aren 't an imposition ; you 're a breath of fresh air . '
va	I	Here , let me interpret the on scratches the walls .
va	O	Yeah , so much for happy memories .
va	I	But the man was the only way getting of the information he sought .
va	O	That 's not entirely out of the question considering that he has a tailor-made tuxedo on hand and he drives a Range Rover .
va	O	Come back with me now , Lissa .
va	O	It was a familiar emotion to me .
va	I	What was Ship 's intent with mysterious this newcomer ?
va	I	Why was in she a motel , anyway , instead of her own comfortable little house close by the stables ?
va	O	I moved my head back and rested it on his chest .
va	O	How could I stand there and not give in to what she wanted ?
va	I	She was working out the of house , and that helped .
va	I	he saluted effusively I as was announced .
va	I	The drawing depicted several figures stick .
va	O	Jason pushed me back on the sofa and covered me with his body .
va	O	He couldn 't believe he had been allowed to simply walk away .
va	I	She came , the exquisite most climax of her life overtaking her .
va	O	We haven 't been that careful about locking it , since we 're on the second floor , but apparently we should have been .
va	I	No , the War 1812 of was not fought against France , but rather Great Britain .
va	I	He had crossed first paths with Vinny on a smuggling case in the Bahamas .
va	O	There he could see the sand .
va	O	Chad lifted his gun and fired a shot but the man ducked out of the way at the last minute .
va	O	I immediately hated myself for it .
va	I	The new brought leadership economic freedom to the town .
va	O	Jen definitely blushed this time .
va	O	He didn 't want to dictate anything .
va	I	So a divine origin of the universe and creation accidental are equally valid theories .
va	I	They idled an at intersection .
va	O	I saw her putting a few thoughts together , formulating more questions .
va	O	Please , please promise me you won 't meet with Phillip .
va	O	She swung Isaac up on her hip and kissed his forehead .
va	I	She stopped halfway there , looked for around some other vehicle , and then stared .
va	I	There 's nothing we have which faced can destroy our republic .
va	O	This house is a tomb of bad memories .
va	O	I knocked , but when there was no response after a few minutes , Ernie shrugged and opened the door .
va	I	To make a long story short , ended I up entwining myself with the Saunders family .
va	O	Cain shook his head , unable to believe his brother would trust another witch , or that he was mated to one .
va	I	I suppose your father ordered you to tell him you everything know about me .
va	I	Watkins began this unnecessary apparently task .
va	O	They were off in the distance right now , but on their way .
va	I	She found out soon enough when he spun her onto expertly the dance floor .
va	O	In her last email , she begged me to tell her more about Evan , Katie , and Ula .
va	I	At they least had until the night she 'd shed her child 's body and become a woman .
va	I	Charity leaned her head against his shoulder , the way she used to when was she little and they sat in front of the fire .
va	I	Emily took a breath deep .
va	I	His pain and despair were too for real her to ignore ... too immediate to brush aside .
va	I	He worked himself hard , enjoying the that pain his body felt .
va	O	We stood around waiting .
va	I	I had tried to out cry on several occasions .
va	I	Do suppose you he would pose for a picture ?
va	I	I can hear the plastic cracking , but I don 't up let .
va	I	William had found himself in alone bed , hung over , the revelations from the previous night a blur .
va	O	I put my forefinger over her lips to silence them .
va	O	My dad pulled the trigger .
va	O	Ben 's green eyes looked particularly beautiful against his dark skin .
va	I	Dan something felt on his ankle ; he 'd kicked a weapon lying on the ground .
va	I	A minute passed , then two , nothing and changed .
va	O	Hell , I didn 't even want to , not really .
va	I	The craft slowed to a halt , breaking down upon a platform rocky .
va	O	The giant stared at my knife .
va	I	The ... sun do they have a sun here ?
va	O	I can only tell you that his mother gave him the crystal .
va	I	And I couldn find 't you .
va	O	Painter stared at the stranger on the screen .
va	I	Her cuteness had no effect Father on .
va	I	He seized the little dragon 's neck in his jaws , and with a jerk of his head broke it , a dreadful single snap .
va	O	Janice screamed as the car behind almost rammed into their back bumper .
va	I	She got into bed and pulled the blankets over her head ... After a she while realized that this was an unintelligent reaction .
va	O	This practice was about releasing thoughts -- about losing oneself in the moment awhile .
va	O	We work from the presumption this was another act of violence by our killer .
va	I	Is the beauty end of mankind ?
va	O	No special license was required to ride or own one .
va	O	He had a job to do , and she was getting in the way of it .
va	I	I 'm sure he probably 's itching to get to his room to change and relax .
va	O	He looked up and saw Jackie pause at the top of the steps .
va	I	He 'd expected her to walk every bit as much as she 'd expected him to follow pattern the of her old man .
va	O	She said we wouldn 't be harmed if we were caught by the soldiers but she knew we wanted to get here .
va	O	Sophie glowed for a second and then was normal .
va	I	' I 'll try John ; me give a couple of days .
va	O	On the way home he virtually threw me in the back seat .
va	O	When he slid fully home , she closed her eyes and thought ... at last .
va	I	That was an about-face from in earlier the day .
va	O	Her breathing was returning to normal and for all I could tell , it looked like she was sleeping .
va	I	It was eerie lying there him beside , knowing he wasn 't even breathing .
va	I	The shadow from the leaves did not allow me to pinpoint who sitting was in the driver 's seat , but there was definitely someone in there .
va	I	' This is my first time Australia in . '
va	I	I then walked over to my room as swiftly my as body would allow me to go .
va	O	The address she had was ll Rue Dauphine in the Latin Quarter .
va	I	He stepped forward and held to her him , their bodies touching .
va	I	We the saved cluster and we saved you and your people .
va	I	After a moment , nodded Genevieve and slowly walked away with the men .
va	I	That 's you all can do .
va	I	Finally , she let out sigh a .
va	O	I unfolded it to find Sofie 's beautiful scrawl staring back at me .
va	O	But the six foot three monster of a man chasing him was breathing as if it was a leisurely Sunday afternoon stroll .
va	O	I did not follow him , but lingered at the top of the landing , anxiously .
va	I	Her was body even weaker now than it had been only hours before .
va	I	Even through his jokes and keeping things light for her , she could see his for need her trust .
va	O	Mom took another sip of her coffee .
va	I	Jim 's a pure soul , a force good for , the Wise Man of the Forest , you know ?
va	O	He wrapped his arms around her and kissed her .
va	O	I 'm not gorgeous like some movie star , but I 'm pretty .
va	O	They hadn 't seen anything lurking , but they had seen more ghosts entering the circle of lights .
va	I	She tightened her grip Duncan on 's hand .
va	I	The hungry shifts of her legs rubbed his cock , stroking him , helping him to know that all needed he would soon follow .
va	I	A ketchup bottle rolled my past ear .
va	I	Schultz had him in a fierce bear hug a moment later and the raised bread and butter to his lips .
va	O	It was the last straw .
va	O	He always had a strong presence about him .
va	O	Jane and I have served your purpose .
va	I	Flynn glances at me , seeing expression my .
va	O	I want sex all the time and you 're like : no thank you , no sex for me .
va	O	I wished there was some way to get rid of Gena because , somehow , I was afraid the worst was yet to come .
va	O	It was about more than talk .
va	O	Chapter Twenty-three Abby must have been the one who found the safe house , because Townsend didn 't like it .
va	I	She graduated with her doctorate two years ago , which gave her free reign to come and go she as pleased .
va	I	There was going more on with him that just the work stuff , I was suddenly sure .
va	I	Chase had just received scholarship a to college in Dallas and was leaving Fairplay .
va	O	Two stand guard , as the other two lift out a man dressed in civilian clothes .
va	O	Dean almost choked on his soup , but instead sprayed it through his nostrils .
va	O	Raven rolled over , grateful that the windows had been blackened and the interior was dark .
va	O	The dealer nodded as Finn slid off his stool and glanced around the casino floor .
va	O	His once smooth hands toughened with the work of commoners , and his muscles honed under the labor of maintaining the cottage .
va	O	He had gone to the trouble of putting on a fitted black sweater and black pants .
va	O	' Don 't first class get their own lounge to wait in ? '
va	O	He wasn 't surprised when she didn 't move but simply stood immobile with her hands clenched around the bow .
va	O	And with love like that ... they say anything 's possible , right ?
va	O	I continued walking and heard a beautiful sound from a lute .
va	O	He didn 't turn around and she walked to stand beside him .
va	O	I got ta learn to look at Caller ID first .
va	O	A street light casts a glow over a tree-lined yard .
va	I	Alexia let out herself .
va	O	She couldn 't help feeling attracted to Brett , but she reminded herself that she shouldn 't get her hopes up .
va	O	So if we sing We sing in silence , And our play 's the same .
va	O	As much as I liked the cut and how it draped , it made me look like a ghost .
va	I	We will both keep secrets our .
va	I	She was gesturing sharply for him to over come .
va	O	They 'd both drunk a little too much and slept together on New Year 's Eve .
va	I	He never even wrote a accompaniment piano .
va	I	What really surprises me is when I her feel hand at my waist .
va	O	About two thousand feet , ' the Bastian Hunter replied briskly .
va	I	She had doubts no there .
va	I	Most men could take not their eyes off her .
va	I	I forgotten 'd that little piece of info .
va	I	Except he couldn 't see his way clear to a solution for two mismatched such lifestyles .
va	I	She wanted to shake off a past where the people she cared always about let her down .
va	O	That way everything is nice and public , and both our interests are protected .
va	O	The sooner she got away from him , the better off she 'd be .
va	O	Moses ' challenge was to keep his staff above his head , never letting it drop , in order for the Israelites to prevail .
va	O	she asked , briefly meeting his cold eyes .
va	I	the keys up shining at me from my light .
va	O	' This old man you 're looking for , ' I said .
va	I	I those saved little girls .
va	O	Jasmine let out another laugh that reminded me of the prowler 's hiss .
va	O	I hadn 't made a mistake -- she had been worried .
va	I	Hunter seemed consider to , then his face screwed up into a sheepish grin .
va	O	I do not know how , but I trust her .
va	O	You 'll have to work to that end .
va	O	The many different women suddenly wouldn 't be enough to help him feel any better .
va	O	That had never happened before .
va	O	Ezio put a finger to his lips .
va	O	Which was judgmental of him .
va	O	The Titan 's graying body was thin and wiry compared to the son of Zeus .
va	O	The word was uttered with such finality it took Lynette aback .
va	I	You 'd be foolish if you don do 't the same .
va	O	I let them play out , returning my gaze to the sky .
va	O	Everyone with her chatted excitedly about the day 's events and marveled at Shimmer 's grace and beauty .
va	O	But her body language had informed him she wanted nothing to do with Hayward , freeing him to join in the conversation .
va	I	The dead falling weight of the shark , and my sudden stopping from grabbing the chair , jerked my body hard .
va	I	Calamari , fresh anchovies , snails and the cognac local colored wine .
va	O	At the bottom of the canyon were several trees resembling California redwoods ; their tops towered over her head .
va	O	She and Suzan and Nick were standing by the cafeteria door , waiting for the others .
va	I	My heartbeat suddenly shifted into triple time , and I on focused maintaining an even breath .
va	I	The drinkers at the bar cried and cheered they like don 't already know how the game would end .
va	O	Pushing back , Luc ran a searching gaze over her tense form .
va	O	She swallowed , trying to push down the lump that formed in her throat .
va	I	Soft warm and like a favorite blanket , it closed around me and lingered .
va	I	Josephine listened the to rain pounding against the car and gazed outside .
va	O	This is where they 'd run into Hoppy , who was quite corrupt and had tried to shake 'em down for cash .
va	I	A petite figure emerged from the gloomy recesses the of witness waiting room .
va	I	She would to have go with that .
va	I	But him waved off .
va	O	I looked back at the map and compass and figured out how to match the two sets of information .
va	O	he asked his dad .
va	I	Sucked tight the nipple .
va	I	I my shut eyes , knowing she can feel the acceleration in my heart rate .
va	O	Thompson squirmed in his chair , still wanting more room to back up further .
va	I	Thinking about what you 'll say you when see her again .
va	I	It seems as if Trajan is covering for Eva , though what for reason , I can 't possibly know .
va	I	If cheated he , that was one severely messed-up thing , but dating ?
va	O	Daisy didn 't know what to do .
va	I	Logan looks me at intently .
va	O	I asked and Liam took a step forward , taking my hand .
va	O	Banned by the entire Confederacy , but as the Clan was at war , they now disregarded the laws .
va	O	I became fully responsible for our family 's well-being .
va	O	The one thing that was in order was the makeshift bar the older man had set up on the counter .
va	I	Finally letting go in the freedom of the large house , she ran up and the down corridor , charging downstairs making a lot of noise .
va	I	Well , I didn 't know this creep Jonah but I knew would Cleaver tell me , so I just kept cool .
va	O	The ship finally stopped moving and with it so did the distraught world .
va	O	Gazing out at the lights of the harbor , she felt only a squiggle of uneasiness , even though they sat right beside the glass .
va	O	It just smelled like straw .
va	I	But that 's not keeps what them alive .
va	I	The Sergeant snapped a up salute .
va	I	I want her to be my guest a for short time .
va	I	Excuse me if I 'm not to able see how important this election is to you .
va	O	We didn 't want to be people from the same family , the same part of our world .
va	I	asked a voice deep .
va	O	Nadia looked down into the Book of Shadows .
va	O	Then I nodded to Duke , and we took off running toward the Hummer .
va	O	Maybe she was destined for a life of abuse .
va	I	After months and of months being turned away , knowing that it 's real ... I don 't want to screw this up .
va	O	I aim the bottle in her direction with my gaze on her .
va	I	And as I still have funds some left , perhaps enough for the next several months I 'll remain sleeping at the hotel in town .
va	O	You 've done nothing to help your world .
va	O	She turned off the water she 'd been running in the sink .
va	I	And now that I Sam know I 'm surprised he didn 't step forward and stir the scene like he always has to .
va	I	The picture in front of him showed Eric Palin and another man clasping hands , both of them with smiles wide on their faces .
va	O	He knows what it 's like to have you there for him and he 'll miss you all the more when you 're not .
va	I	I totally could rock this challenge .
va	I	Titian 't didn waver .
va	I	Outside the sun morning nearly blinds me .
va	O	Kate just smiled broadly at him and took another spoonful of ice cream .
va	I	I have might slept too deeply .
va	O	Gabe thrust his finger into the air as if letting me know he was about to make a speech .
va	I	She couldn 't let that happen him to .
va	O	But as Noah passed me , he slipped his hand off the gurney .
va	O	When she thought he 'd sweep her around , take her to her bedroom and end her torment , he raised his head , straightened .
va	I	The airway was free of traffic , but the ground was car car to .
va	I	Today was going to a be very good day .
va	O	I shook my head .
va	I	Doreen was relentless and practised well .
va	I	That holds three or four outfits best at , so I need to pick my favorites .
va	O	He took the silence as a contest .
va	O	But Miss Cooley prayed on .
va	I	It was the man from the van that had swatted the Rav 4 off the road , the man with the burns third-degree .
va	I	I couldn 't help myself and for looked the closest escape route , just in case , as we stepped into the hallway .
va	I	She had a facial tic , her and lovely face was convulsed , dark red , with fury .
va	I	Simon felt his mom her holding breath , watched her eyes widen and her lips tremble .
va	O	I drew myself up to my pathetic little height and took a deep breath .
va	I	Loved his in pleasure it .
va	I	( looks at back single chair ) When I saw her I knew she was fighting .
va	O	He ripped the leg free and held it out to her , almost like a peace offering .
va	O	No one 's name started with M , that I could recall .
va	I	If there was one thing he 'd learned in last the few days , it was that .
va	O	It jolted through my veins making me breathless .
va	O	Let you do whatever you want to me .
va	I	I 've been a going long time .
va	O	That was when things got a little weird .
va	I	It burns into my lungs that had become too used to warmth the of the ship .
va	I	Which was really not a good considering thing the introverted senior I 'd been .
va	O	Elizabeth snuggled up against him and ran her fingers through the thick blonde hair on his chest .
va	I	Marc fell into beside step her .
va	O	Then we brought her to ... safety .
va	I	As my hands her circled backside , she made a soft noise and stepped into me , her h * ps resting against mine .
va	I	He she supposed was Trojan , in fact .
va	O	It 's not my world .
va	O	While we are very close we are also very different .
va	I	The food my overwhelmed senses .
va	O	She thought of him going through life 's simple motions .
va	I	They continued shouting , the ancient war cries of their tribe , beating their on weapons the rocky ground .
va	O	She brushed her cold fingertips against my cheek .
va	O	Murphy and Damien were the next to join our group , and made the rounds , hugging everyone .
va	I	Anything of was worth gone .
va	O	He settled it over the nearest chair and indicated for her to sit .
va	O	Gillian snapped her fingers .
va	I	He woke boy the and took him for a shower .
va	I	But all this on depends a well-functioning immune system , and it has to happen in that order .
va	I	She asked before us sitting down .
va	I	He returns my smile I and have to look away .
va	I	The uncharacteristic doubt whispered through Aeron 's mind , solidifying quickly and raking sharp claws in his thoughts .
va	O	I swallow to calm my nerves .
va	I	The Friday night of the second agonizing week , I left town and drove two hours to Charleston to my get mind off her .
va	I	You 'd better have a very good excuse for me disturbing .
va	O	It made sense when you considered that he had been a general during one of the greatest wars of his time .
va	O	Today I got a tattoo put on my arm by the king .
va	I	Despite herself , Avery whipped her head around to glare him at .
va	O	Rema stood at the top of a steep staircase .
va	O	Daniel said with a smile .
va	I	They were also full of and errors holes .
va	O	Daisy wondered why she always made herself look so stern .
va	O	I didn 't wait for a reaction .
va	O	How could she explain that she 'd spent almost the whole weekend with the president of the company they were fighting against ?
va	O	As usual , her attempt to redirect his interest did little good .
va	O	I didn 't want to stay home so I jumped in my car and drove to Kat 's after throwing my sheets in the washer .
va	O	Mark wiped the blade on his pants , cleaning off his blood .
va	O	Ashleigh counted on her left hand .
va	I	Dorrie turned to Sarah , took who up the thread .
va	O	After all , half the creature resembled a bear and the community had no bear shapeshifters .
va	I	Knowing this I vowed to never another bite .
va	I	Principal Nelson 's voice booms an from assembly in the auditorium .
va	I	Sasha and Connelly a exchanged look .
va	I	He grinned at the sound her of name .
va	O	I looked over at Earl again .
va	O	That brought Sydney around and eliminated whatever romantic morning encounter I might have pulled off .
va	I	The guard swung his battle axe wildly , slightly me nipping on the arm .
va	I	He helped himself to a white T-shirt and a with brush blue paint on it .
va	O	They directed the suspects to kick their rifles away , lie down on the floor , put their hands behind their backs .
va	I	Sam asked her about her day and she shared her concerns with about him some of the charities that popped up .
va	O	Between practices and lessons , she 'd barely had any time for herself .
va	I	The of rest the houses on the street were vacated , lights off and driveways empty .
va	I	Was happened what at the school so stressful that he just snapped ?
va	O	Were they going on a picnic ?
va	O	' Er ... you know whenever there was another magical appearance you heard the sound of , er , bells ? '
va	I	She arched a brow him at .
va	I	How do do you it in your time ?
va	I	Why don you 't leave it be ?
va	O	She hadn 't seen him since their confessions .
va	O	With pursed lips and a grim , business-like expression on her face , she stayed mum until the unit was repaired .
va	I	But I need make to sure you eat .
va	O	James gripped the edge of the basket but was not very afraid .
va	O	I lost myself in her words and filled her with two final thrusts .
va	O	The heat of his arm , his chest a whisper away from her shoulder , embraced her .
va	I	They were wearing purple hoodies I that 'm sure they thought were cool .
va	O	Then I heard the unmistakable voices of Jolie and Malcolm .
va	I	These devices were now dark , as the cavern was dark .
va	O	If he could just make it to the other end of town , he could eat and visit Claire 's .
va	O	This was pure sex at its most basic level .
va	O	I was saving it for Callum .
va	I	Every train of thought leading was me back to Valerie .
va	I	His eyes darkened need with .
va	O	The temperature in the throne room seemed to drop twenty degrees .
va	O	I 'd kept up with my reading on the subject .
va	I	He Breeze eyed with a scowl .
va	O	Berger said no , that he needed Reginald around when the accountants and bankers were awake .
va	I	Baby Geoffrey even cooperated and did awaken not until an hour before dawn when he began to demand attention .
va	O	I slept well , and I 'm feeling fine ; thank you for your concern .
va	I	I felt guilty that she was going through so much and I wasn there 't for her .
va	O	I can feel him .
va	O	You have to make her want to come back .
va	I	Now , do you remember there being tons people of running around here last week ?
va	I	Ted wrote down the salary he was offering on slip a of paper , folded it and handed it to her .
va	I	Plateau 64 was a club Jack and I to used go to when we were younger .
va	I	It was huge a room , larger even than her chamber had been when Louisa had lived in the main house on her father 's estate .
va	I	A motor grumbled , and Jeremy instructed to everyone sit down .
va	I	He pulled her dress back down , swiped thumb a under her lips and wiped away the remnants of her lipstick , then nodded , satisfied .
va	I	None of comes it my way first , for I was a minnow , a coward who would likely run .
va	I	Tears panic of pooled in my eyes .
va	O	It was the voice of my grumpy boss and manager of the Blue Note , Ralph Smithson .
va	I	She sent the thought Duncan to .
va	I	Then there was a whack loud .
va	O	My voice grew softer as I spoke .
va	O	Dani 's face was bright red as she thrust her hand out ; she kept her head bowed , unable to look Devon in the eye .
va	O	It was the first time I had thought of my brother .
va	I	Bernard nodded , closed his eyes , and took a long breath , then them opened .
va	I	She blinked away rainwater from her eyes as she searched in which panic way to go .
va	O	Jeff and Fallon turned back to us , both wearing headsets .
va	I	Turning carefully , she glanced back at woman the approaching her .
va	I	We are compensated for getting rid of criminals and missions other .
va	O	Taylor kneels down beside Nicole , putting two fingers on her neck .
va	I	No longer the were boys safe .
va	O	But we never did really get to say good-bye the last time I saw you and I hate not having the chance to do that .
va	O	I , however , am not interested in the drink .
va	I	He stood and numb empty .
va	O	The Church sought evidence of fornication between women and the sea demons .
va	O	Fortunately , Tatiana knew her inside and out .
va	O	Just off the path was a nice flat rock , perfect for sitting on .
va	I	He this did for me .
va	O	Something red pooled under the left side of her head .
va	I	He had not seen them in come .
va	O	She brought the crush on television under false pretenses and then sprang the g * y crush on him .
va	I	I debated calling her first , but I thought she maybe 'd like to be surprised .
va	O	Tanner relaxed his hold but not his guard and kept his arm loosely pinned across Crusty 's chest .
va	I	They would hurt never me .
va	O	He offered Manuel his hand and helped him up .
va	I	Their huge muscles twisting and turning as though were they diving through moonlit water .
va	O	Her hair was unbound as it had been all day .
va	I	The Warden part of me was to itchy get away from this stink or to eliminate it , but the demon part ?
va	I	Startled , I looked her at .
va	I	Two days following his arrival in Cactus Junction , Buck looked up the real estate office of his old friend Dakota , Gus .
va	I	There 's a I reason 'm trolling a college campus rather than finding my next relationship in Hollywood or New York or Paris .
va	I	He saw Matt 's look of sick disbelief pressed and on , driving the pain in his chest deeper .
va	I	She tightened her grip on chair the 's arms .
va	O	He needed to stay focused on his job , and that included helping Savannah get on her feet .
va	I	Even worse , what if he was one of those kids who only pretended he was stoned all the time but really afraid was of the stuff ?
va	I	His clients are wealthy husbands or wives , or their most recent flings , attorneys divorce representing wealthy clients , and businessmen investigating other businessmen .
va	I	He her shot a quizzical look .
va	I	Six men stood from their various places the in bazaar and arranged themselves neatly around the four .
va	I	Next he took off his shirt and used it as a bandage to cover wound the .
va	O	I know Xavier has performed well as the One .
va	O	I hoped she didn 't secretly blame me for what happened with Jared .
va	I	The familiar tingling of electricity pricked the back of my neck and a feeling anxiety of washed over me .
va	O	Andrew sat slowly , looking from me to Jack .
va	I	A word single adorned the center on the front , applied with gold leaf in the broad strokes of a child 's handwriting .
va	O	He was finally forced awake by a loud gunshot .
va	O	He opened his eyes and pulled her into a deep kiss .
va	I	Lyssa Lyssa stood complete in darkness .
va	O	She had a decent enough figure with slender hips and more than enough up top .
va	O	Only a few more generations will survive here .
va	O	' You did alright , ' he said avoiding eye contact .
va	I	I can wait 't to see what happens when the people see that .
va	O	Jared casually sipped from his cup .
va	I	In darkness the she couldn 't tell .
va	O	The music venue was officially closing down for the night , and so house music came on over the speakers .
va	I	She wrapped her around arms his waist , feasting on him while he stroked her tenderly with his fingers .
va	I	The crossing on main the road that leads to that line has been torn up for a few years now .
va	I	Daemon swallowed hard but on pushed .
va	O	His Lily , willing to take on the sins of her father and set the world right again .
va	O	Unable to perform marriage duties ?
va	I	Sam let the tears flow as she witnessed the jars of jam she and her grandma made had with help from Mom .
va	O	Satyr 1 : Your son .
va	O	Dangerous for my faith because of his subversive ideas .
va	O	We will fill this whole world with our children , and subject them as well to all this pain and horror .
va	I	He swore loudly , composing before himself and answering .
va	O	She 'd found an affordable nursery near work that JP seemed to love and which was even mostly covered by Henri 's child support .
va	I	Besides , if Erik been had the target of the pool attack then he was better off , safer , in New York .
va	O	The Bennetts boarded the plane , leaving Sam with his family .
va	I	Claire looked back , but couldn 't Kim see anywhere in the shadows .
va	O	Then he looked at Sam , who was still gripping the back of his neck .
va	I	So too shall be the of fate this land .
va	I	It came in out an embarrassing stutter .
va	O	Lulu doesn 't think she 's invisible all the time anymore , so that 's good .
va	O	At that moment there was a shower of gold leaves from a locust tree we sat near .
va	I	* * * Morrie was the one given the task of breaking Ben the news .
va	O	Knowing your mother would know what you were doing was pretty inhibiting sexually .
va	O	Byron walked straight , purposefully , to Antonietta .
va	I	He looked down and wiped away a of smudge lipstick at the corner of her mouth .
va	I	I opened the door to Christian standing there with his hands shoved deep in coat his pockets .
va	O	Turns out the red Bronco was registered to a Mr. Sullivan Wiley .
va	I	It was as Eric if had read his mind .
va	O	I waited for him to end this facade on his own .
va	I	I 't don know .
va	I	They would 've her snatched cell out of her hand .
va	I	Bob asked , when noticed he her there .
va	I	The to better record any confessions that Cale might make .
va	O	Liam smiled at me .
va	O	Sunlight spilled in from a wide window high above them and they realized it was still noon .
va	I	Someone knocked on bedroom my door .
va	I	Basha nodded left and the large meeting hall .
va	O	The senator cleared his throat .
va	O	They were going to make me choose .
va	I	Sometimes I stayed as as long a week in the Mission Inn .
va	I	The dangerous game causes another to lose life his to the voracious hoard .
va	I	He should never be allowed forget to .
va	O	And I ought to know .
va	O	Kate made a loud gasp .
va	O	Now I know it too .
va	O	Ty swung at him before he 'd thought it through , before it registered that Liam 's words had made him angry .
va	O	' How 's Sara ? '
va	I	Now and then the distant sound of an automobile engine rumbled briefly , faded then .
va	I	I would never guessed have .
va	I	My eyes burned , I and pulled away from her .
va	I	But I wasn 't ready this for .
va	O	I only run a few streets when I decide that I have a destination that I want to run to .
va	I	I didn have 't to push through the wall of people on my way back because they saw me coming and got out of my way .
va	I	How drunk was now she ?
va	O	Thus I traveled toward the ford alone .
va	I	' We look together good . '
va	I	Lauren knocked on Mr. Haynes door and immediately went open to it .
va	I	I heard people used go to there to honeymoon .
va	O	The Alchemist left some of that chemical behind .
va	I	She completely was naked , and her pale skin was covered in a sheen of some kind of glistening , greenish mucus .
va	I	She fumbled with his shorts , drawing them down far enough so his erection free bobbed .
va	O	Deep down I know what I 'll end up doing if things go wrong .
va	O	He 'd had enough .
va	I	We were on a boat , that for was sure .
va	I	Turning his face away , he in pulled another gasping sob .
va	O	He wasn 't sure what to do .
va	O	He was always with her when her world was in turmoil .
va	O	Their Ben Franklin was likely more manly than the real one had ever been in life , played by a woman who was built like a linebacker .
va	I	And he was going too , the heat , the heat the and light .
va	O	Norah sets it down and gestures for me to scoot closer .
va	O	She could examine every inch of it , from the low ceiling , to the uneven floor , to the solidly packed boulders that blocked the entrance .
va	O	He straightened it out and began to read the front page story from several days ago .
va	O	The edge of the scalpel was wicked sharp , so I assumed it wouldn 't take much pressure to do the deed .
va	I	It seemed as if it took an eternity to make his way across the crowded lobby and the out resort 's main doors .
va	O	Asked Marlowe and Lee just nodded .
va	I	She her shared concerns about her brother , his lack of energy and the sore on his face .
va	O	I don 't know what to do with myself so I shove my hands into the pockets of my shorts , anticipation clawing at me .
va	O	I heard footsteps stomping and plodding behind them , hurrying to keep up .
va	O	He 'll put it all on the table and let his Ravens destroy us on the court .
va	I	They my got kids .
va	O	I had to get to Elle .
va	I	Then he turned over his for cards all to see .
va	O	19 Summer just got home from Rex 's apartment and she 's taking a shower .
va	I	As Tolland watched her dragged to safety , his eyes spotted a familiar man crouched half-naked the in doorway .
va	O	Gordon stomped out through the curtains .
va	O	And I also knew Seth could disarm us both before either of us blinked .
va	I	My fingers crept to where my shirt my covered scars .
va	O	I didn 't only have to pay for them , I also had to pay a fine for disturbing peace and quiet .
va	O	They also talked about Holiday 's resentment at both of them for wanting to turn off their gifts .
va	I	I like what do I .
va	I	There were other reasons as well that Marian was pleased the wanted woman desperately to be inside .
va	O	Finley then contacted Paul Grimes and informed him of his impending travel arrangements .
va	I	I smiled Hailey at and tried to hide the ache in my chest .
va	O	In seconds , the man became limp , and he dragged him behind the wheel and shut the door .
va	I	She tilted her and head glanced at my belly again .
va	O	I talked to him today for just a few minutes .
va	I	I lived for those minutes ten every Saturday afternoon .
va	O	I need a fair deal .
va	I	Unfortunately for him , Ganondorf arrived just he after became patriarch .
va	O	Diego wanted to stroke her hair , to tell her that he 'd take care of her and she 'd be all right .
va	O	Hannah didn 't know what was different about Riley , but a subtle change had taken place in her husband since Christmas .
va	I	It was actually much complicated more than that .
va	O	He obviously thinks he can use the necklace to force the archangel to talk .
va	O	But there was no movement , no sound .
va	O	When they returned to the party , it was to a sight Henrietta had never seen outside of movies ; a proper ballroom dance .
va	I	Not it that makes him innocent .
va	O	He turned it off and stepped over the charred mark on the floor .
va	O	But she made sure to be at the mansion when her sister came home from school .
va	I	The man retreated stood and guard outside the entrance of the tent .
va	O	I got up and walked over the wall behind my chair and placed my empty can of beer on the floor against the wall .
va	O	What did save him is that some neighborhood kids were playing kickball on a side street about four blocks from his home .
va	I	Hug your tonight family , Ethan .
va	I	It was still morning but the sun was already beating down , the heat by rising the second .
va	O	I don 't even have enough motor control to twitch , let alone struggle .
va	I	About everything I would have to give and up everything I 'd already given up .
va	O	Maybe he was afraid I had Stockholm Syndrome after all , the kind where your captor makes your arms tingle .
va	I	When Nina moved to the other side , she spread army the and aimed at the hills .
va	O	The delightful abrasion of his chest hair against her sensitized nipples was so sensual , so incredibly exciting , Haley never wanted it to end .
va	O	Will flinched and glanced behind him and then focused his intense stare back on me .
va	I	He was strange a character .
va	O	My hand reaches out to hover over her for a brief moment .
va	I	Then the came humans .
va	I	An abbreviated club waggle brought the old man 's back focus onto the club .
va	O	She let him do it .
va	O	Hazel muttered in a foreign language .
va	O	Matters were resolved very quickly .
va	O	I looked at her .
va	I	Tony trembling in fear , turned to face the crowd which was seated in the ever rows rising of the stadium .
va	I	She was always nice to Marwan and said always the right thing at the right time .
va	O	She suddenly thinks of her father .
va	O	Curiosity of what lay ahead prevented pausing to test each game .
va	O	As soon as Johnny unchained Sam , Joshua gave Mister the command to attack with the clicking sound of his tongue .
va	I	He sits down on the of edge the bed .
va	I	He probably 's never seen a woman with blue cheeks before .
va	O	Jeff and Peter had gone through their previous reports and were now asking other questions which she had to research to get the answers .
va	I	Opening the magazine Calvin found the page mesmerising now the others .
va	I	The of first its kind perhaps , to me at least .
va	I	So it was that ten men got ready to leave the that village noon .
va	O	I found no humor in the realization that the structure that once represented such promise had become my prison .
va	I	The waiter goes his about business swiftly .
va	O	Edwin expected to see someone standing behind them , but there was nobody there .
va	I	However , he had made fine a roof that kept the water off our heads .
va	I	How a does dog betray anyone ?
va	O	Closing my eyes , I hope I can find some way to bring some peace to those I love .
va	I	And now that I 'm really sure , you 't aren going to listen to me !
va	O	After all , what were friends for ?
va	O	Though the room was crowded , only a few of the seats were taken .
va	I	So willingly she played along and dipped back into her memories .
va	I	Now she willing was to give up that quest .
va	O	But , of course , I hate almost everybody now .
va	O	I had to help .
va	O	When he got to the airport , he found the quickest way to get there was to fly to Cologne via Brussels .
va	I	It have must been at least four times the size of a man .
va	I	Seeing her larger-than-life husband lying so still in the sterile bed caused a bigger ache day each he didn 't wake up .
va	O	You 're the man who took the mixed girl ? '
va	O	It was odd putting her hand against his forehead in the full light of day .
va	O	I was about to give up when a familiar scent hit me .
va	O	His eyes sparkled with pride .
va	O	I toss my make-up back into my bag and run for the door .
va	O	The smaller rogue once again tried to flee .
va	O	I can 't help but smile .
va	I	You don 't to have ask me twice .
va	I	I mean ... okay , it 's not that I 't don think I could raise the kids alone , I mean , I could .
va	O	Nothing to report tonight .
va	I	Joe B. reached to take her up his in arms , to caress her straining muscles and coo her mind into calm .
va	O	All the stories about torture are true .
va	I	There so 's much I could teach on manipulating cells for wounds .
va	I	The brisk breeze promised storm another soon .
va	O	A sob gushed from her lips ; a tremor raked her .
va	O	He heard painful groans inside that he knew were made by Red Talon .
va	O	I 'm being serious .
va	I	With a start , I open my eyes the and light is blinding .
va	I	By the side of him sat computer a .
va	O	The glass on the door , immediately to his right , exploded .
va	I	Everything very went quiet .
va	O	His breathing sounded harsh in the stark silence .
va	I	I my rubbed forehead .
va	I	Selena laughed , at hesitant first .
va	I	The only explanation for Angelo 's was lapse that Ainsley had bewitched him .
va	O	And you love him so wholeheartedly that I feel the fire of it when I 'm with you .
va	O	' It 's growing back , ' Ari instantly assured her .
va	O	Jason 's face shows that he doesn 't understand my question .
va	O	Seth reined around and was gone .
va	I	A part of her simply wasn 't for ready the trip to be over , but another part of her knew it was more than that .
va	O	It 'll be a job , though .
va	O	No one 's paying any attention to me yet , and that 's just the way our team wants it .
va	I	Beowulf reached out to stop her , but she shook off him .
va	I	Only good sense , in his opinion , and a large part of wished him he could join them .
va	O	So we 'll speak with reverence of your death for a moment and then we 'll simply do it .
va	I	She didn 't have the minute would it take .
va	O	Damn , even when unconscious and drooling , the woman was the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen .
va	I	They all lay the in dark , no one talking .
va	O	Just so you know , your mother and I won 't be angry if football doesn 't work out .
va	O	There are still going to be days that we annoy each other and that 's fine .
va	O	Dave still hadn 't heard the story about how Buzz went to work for the FBI .
va	I	For long a moment he simply held my gaze , and I realized he must be deciding what to do with me .
va	O	Bill didn 't think so .
va	O	It 's not the counsel 's job to make the decision .
va	O	Her bottom lip quivers .
va	I	The last thought was like a bucket of icy water to the raging desire this slip of a girl had so reared innocently in him .
va	I	The shouty blur of voices broke off , and about ten seconds later , the whipped door open .
va	I	Jo at stared the phone .
va	O	I reach in my pocket and pull it out , feeling its loss as I slap it down on the table .
va	O	I started to feel anxious .
va	O	After all , he had never investigated a murder .
va	O	He shoved his hands through his hair , dislodging the woven clasp .
va	O	They had been out earlier .
va	I	He stepped over to front the desk .
va	I	She like sparkled the sunny ocean with all her jewels .
va	I	I managed to toss the back note to her .
va	I	Each run was a sprint , each with treadmill set at a speed designed to bring the run in around a 100 secs .
va	O	What the hell does he thinks going to happen that hasn 't already happened ?
va	O	What has all this got to do with me ?
va	I	Then he tears ahead , disappearing through trees the .
va	O	She had to climax before she went mad .
va	I	You will work with Jean - Pierre and you will it like .
va	I	His hair looked it like needed a cap .
va	O	I loved watching her squirm .
va	O	Sol 505 if he takes his time .
va	O	She started to whirl back toward the trees .
va	O	I was beginning to see where her anger was coming from , and I couldn 't entirely blame her .
va	O	He could only hope she would not decide to follow him .
va	O	He curled his entire hand around hers and rubbed his thumb over the still healing scar .
va	I	He through flipped the pages and pulled out a map .
va	O	I don 't like her name .
va	O	I liked him too much to let our friendship die because I was in love with somebody else , and he was embarrassed .
va	O	Everyone was in the office and happy to see Rudy .
va	I	A shrill beep came from the mechanism she and could hear metal sliding on metal as the bolts engaged .
va	O	I can feel my heart breaking for him as he says this .
va	O	I just passed a gentle smile .
va	I	It a was jug of some sort .
va	O	He couldn 't believe she 'd still go after saying she 'd marry him .
va	O	We do it in the hospital after a crazy witch almost kills us both .
va	I	As the opening credits began , leaned He back , pulling me with him .
va	I	They started walking towards the noise the in cemetery .
va	I	Everything has God made has some likeness to Himself .
va	I	The walls were made of blocks cinder and there was a tiny window through which she could hear the ocean .
va	O	He reached in his pocket and pulled out a small vial .
va	O	For several minutes the trio discussed this topic before launching into a subject dearer to their hearts -- the latest fashions .
va	O	Her skin was warm too , as though she had bathed her hands in hot water .
va	I	Odd , must be some kind self-published of story .
va	I	He handed her the glass which she took gratefully , drinking the cool water with one gulp .
va	O	He had a large scar on his face that ran from his left eye down to his jaw .
va	O	I walk down the long hall to Stolz 's room and am pleased to see him sitting up in the bed when I walk in .
va	I	Chad away backed slowly .
va	I	She so was tired and a little sick , the motion of her horse not exactly helping with that .
va	I	What could have possibly her possessed to say that ?
va	O	Sean leaned back out of the kitchen doorway , checked the wall width -- it was a regular six-inch wall -- and leaned back .
va	I	Ethan 's were vampires nervous , and understandably so .
va	O	Not that she thought that she needed protection .
va	O	Nay , she hadn 't heard the words , but she 'd felt them .
va	I	Suddenly , she wanted her mother just like she had when she was a little girl and had suffered kind some of hurt .
va	O	We pounded up the spiraling steps two at a time .
va	O	She didn 't know what to think about her appearance .
va	I	Just imagining you blossoming with my baby , it nurturing , while I could never claim it or you , almost killed me .
va	I	I 'd over freak the little things which I know wasn 't necessary .
va	I	It makes me remember good how it feels to be alive .
va	O	What is Laurel doing here ?
va	O	There 's no time to answer .
va	I	She wanted him to feel the depth of disdain her .
va	I	A lot of his old friends school had gone a bit wild after they left school .
va	O	the president stated more than asked .
va	I	Rachel was crying too , she but had the same hurt , determined expression on her face as Rory .
va	O	The only thing that I could never see was his face .
va	I	I 'm already recognizing the merit of her plan and how it could lead to very good things for me Rusty and .
va	O	Standing close in this low light , he could see the shape and movement of her eyes through the protective glasses , but not the color .
va	O	But she wasn 't quiet about her feelings .
va	O	I cannot promise to nurture your child .
va	O	Plus more gas is needed for both cars .
va	I	I was never willingly subject to man any .
va	O	And then a wide , mischievous grin spreads across his face .
va	I	Her fingers trembled and she found herself clasping the folds of her velvet gown with enough force to her whiten knuckles .
va	I	We miss all you .
va	O	Liam and I groan .
va	I	A reflected glow golden warmed the spring green , hinting of the rich summer to come .
va	O	I flicked it on .
va	O	Then he raced across the farm and disappeared in the barn .
va	O	Relief flooded her when she saw that he no longer looked devastated , and there was even a gleam of amusement in his silvery gray eyes .
va	O	Baxter smiled at his wit , and Morton smiled because Baxter was his boss .
va	I	And none of us knew its meaning true .
va	I	Frances nodded her head said but nothing .
va	I	White scrambled to his feet , the grabbed icicle he 'd dropped and lunged at Jenkins .
va	I	He just couldn be 't .
va	O	She shook her head .
va	I	' Oh , and there 's new a lawyer been handed Durrant 's final plea at Payne , Beaton & Sawyer .
va	I	But I did hear something that else could turn out to be nothing or something big .
va	O	The sound would cover the shot perfectly .
va	I	Squires the slammed door , spun the large ringed key , and tossed it into a far corner .
va	O	' I saw them .
va	I	That not 's good !
va	I	Patti her swung bony legs into a crossed ankle position , as if aiming them at the art director in the doorway .
va	O	She was so unbelievably curved in all the right places .
va	O	Weapons and ammo were another story .
va	I	A hissing sound came from ground the in front of her .
va	I	Second , two you are disgusting .
va	O	Of course , he couldn 't agree , that was obvious .
va	I	I can 't even get one .
va	I	I gazed into the human eyes 's and let the compulsion wash over him .
va	O	Ty 's low laugh turned into a hum of approval .
va	O	With a detached appreciation he watched her fierce struggle to free herself from her determined attackers .
va	O	I look up and meet his gaze .
va	I	They died five years ago while on vacation Oregon in .
va	I	She thought the music might be coming the through intercom , but when she approached the grill , it was silent .
va	I	We can tell that some of are them perfect twitters .
va	I	Quinn Marshall 's reflection smiled as pressed he the gun deeper into Tanner 's neck .
va	O	I stand up and run to the window .
va	O	He ventured a few yards the way the woman had come and took a leak in the middle of the yard .
va	O	He felt she 'd betrayed him .
va	I	It like looked it had escaped from a kids theme park .
va	I	But it wasn 't sympathy he actually was offering her ; it was pity .
va	I	For a long minute , Dante her studied , smirking at the flimsy utensil in her hand .
va	O	Nothing had ever felt better than being in Jared 's arms .
va	I	He was far too good-looking for own his good .
va	I	The meeting was held in the throne room where all the symbols of power were in much evidence .
va	I	I could him hear bristle over the phone .
va	O	But those were fugitive thoughts .
va	O	I tasted tape on his lips , mint on his tongue .
va	I	She couldn 't to go the bank .
va	O	Peregrine Pratt had in fact one other friend apart from Ogg .
va	O	That should back you up .
va	I	He made her feel what wanted he her to feel , sucking and licking until she was no longer in control of her own reactions .
va	I	I with respond a half-smile .
va	I	The ring ground deeper into my hand , until I certain was it had broken skin .
va	I	He was studying the room , the worn books in the shelves , the desk empty of papers , locked the for night .
va	O	I couldn 't see him .
va	I	Marshall walks over to where Logan from dangles the ceiling .
va	O	He had obviously been assigned babysitter duty .
va	I	Let their reliability slide , even once , and the doubt always would be there .
va	O	She was too damn sweet and innocently sexy , which was screwing with my head .
va	O	How could her own mom be so obtuse ?
va	O	Not only they won 't see it coming , but they won 't even be prepared for what he is about to do !
va	O	I was talking to myself , though , as her emerald eyes drew along my frame , as if deciding how best to quarter me .
va	O	He could see and feel the loving care that had gone into its construction .
va	O	Now my question was a simple one .
va	I	He looked appalled at the idea of communicating with spirits , as if she 'd asked him for recommendation a on which tampon to use .
va	I	It still 's not as stable as I 'd like it to be .
va	I	In those it days 'd been impossible to talk without their discussions erupting into arguments .
va	I	I 'm guessing you entered what had the been enemy 's lair .
va	O	Jen rested her hand on Jamie 's leg .
va	O	He hasn 't changed .
va	I	That is what you in are for .
va	I	Catherine checked compact her living room a second time to be sure everything was in its proper place .
va	O	There was a short silence .
va	I	My head leaned forward to press against hers , then and I found her mouth again , for two soft kisses .
va	O	Her daughter 's lack of verbal support for her cause hurt Charlotte .
va	I	Little did she know , he was serious quite .
va	I	Dust and plaster fly up I as hurry along the hall .
va	O	' He should never have tried to move the drum without consulting me . '
va	O	While memories of Saturday night replayed through her mind , Joni listened to the professor as he droned on .
va	O	The Spirit was in a pandemonium .
va	O	The sound of our feet slapping the wet bricks echoed endlessly up and down the passage .
va	I	He also knew that she would not him turn down , as she was one of the few relations he had alive .
va	I	It appeared that this was all the she privacy was likely to get .
va	I	The whole neighborhood has been getting their serviced cars at Baker Brothers for generations .
va	I	His hand trembled as turned he the ignition key .
va	I	asked Colton , his searching eyes her face .
va	I	She raised her hands in encouragement , and the others began to along hum with her , like drunken bees .
va	I	Deputy Johnson shined a flashlight into their prisoner 's face and Troy instantly recognized the man 'd who been the source of all this trouble .
va	I	Barret nodded Briar at who then walked across to the nearest tree and firmly planted his hand upon its wood .
va	I	It had been a quiet for day the girls .
va	O	Ian cleared the tracks and leapt onto the platform with seconds to spare , his kilt flying as he ran for Hart .
va	O	Moments later we were both fast asleep .
va	I	And he if spiked , then they 'd be knocking him unconscious on the road to do the same .
va	O	The mayor put on his reading glasses and studied the paper in his hand .
va	O	I didn 't think this was a good idea but I couldn 't tell him that .
va	I	One was a large child with an immediately domineering attitude while the other was small docile and .
va	I	He gestures toward a table in the corner where food is laid out , I and follow him there .
va	O	But it was as if some spel had suddenly come over her so that she felt she would die without his touch .
va	I	He pointed and she saw a green a Honda short distance away .
va	I	The most I ever claimed I is 'm an above average storyteller .
va	O	He 'd waited all day to be able to enjoy the simple joy of merely having his hands on her skin .
va	O	What is all your stuff doing in the living room ?
va	I	She saw that Judson was studying the small display of crystal wind chimes from suspended the ceiling .
va	O	I was wearing a beanie -- kind of ridiculous on a summer night -- and Ani and Indigo layered in hippy dresses .
va	I	They finally settled on one each , opening and out calling what they found .
va	I	They wanted to give him medication would that sedate him , change him .
va	O	Jonas groaned in frustration as she fumbled awkwardly .
va	O	Alistair laughed again before replying , ' Oh , of that you can be sure -- weird all the way ! '
va	I	A gasp went up in the crowd as the ball fell Tuck into 's hands and he took off .
va	I	He focused as best he and could squeezed the trigger .
va	I	It not 's mine .
va	O	The depth of pain and confusion in his expression shook her .
va	I	Arnold looked away , but she saw in the that mirror his eyes were misty .
va	O	But after another look , I recovered it for you .
va	O	They were from Hell , and didn 't Hell want us to find the Lesser Key ?
va	O	There was a six foot fence between this and K 's back garden but Josef could see over it from the kitchen step .
va	I	If they all saw what happening was , why did no one help ?
va	I	And with that realization came the knowledge I that did love Tristan .
va	O	You 're committed to someone who would sacrifice anything , including the love of a cousin , to keep you to herself . '
va	I	Rian told me all of food this is man-made .
va	O	He never uses it .
va	I	What if he still were back at the house ?
va	I	We were short on conversation and long on silence as drove we to our next destination .
va	I	Forster referred to part Jackson of 's testimony .
va	O	So far as Longbow was able to determine , setting fire to any creature got its immediate attention .
va	I	Eloy reared at back the sight he barely recalled .
va	I	Where are going we ? '
va	I	His feet filthy were .
va	O	The door on the passenger side was open and waiting .
va	O	She shivered as she felt his hand slide up the back of her neck to delve into her hair .
va	O	He couldn 't promise her more than friendship , though he would very much like to give her that .
va	O	One night a month I work , and I make enough money to live like a king for the other thirty days .
va	O	She had lifted her hair and that reddish tint among the gold complemented the green of the dress , which of course matched her emerald eyes .
va	I	Work at those vines the covering shed .
va	I	he asked frantically , close kneeling to the couch .
va	I	I him kissed back with just as much passion .
va	I	I watched it flow , streams red in the snow .
va	I	Little did I how know true those thoughts would be .
va	I	As he bent down and nipped at some hay in corner the , A.J. sighed .
va	I	The crowd again sighed .
va	O	Janet knelt down to the woman at her feet .
va	I	But you to decided act alone .
va	O	Circuits are firing off in my brain .
va	O	He said they knew exactly where your office was and where your father 's office was .
va	I	His gut clenched at the news had he to deliver tonight .
va	O	Instead of asking her what grocery store to go to , I drive towards the Whole Foods near Alyssa 's school .
va	I	Nobody wants shitty things to happen to other people , but sometimes they do , and sometimes good come things of it .
va	O	Frank looked down at the river , wishing with ever atom of his being that he knew the answer to that particular question .
va	I	I it hear often .
va	I	Take us to my at time last , may only the day 's I 've been here lapse .
va	O	Driving right toward the house was an old Ford pickup truck .
va	O	His spirits sank after watching her reaction .
va	I	He there promised would be no problem .
va	I	The guy on the screen was happier that 'd I ever seen him .
va	I	The shockwave buffeted Ramon , splattering him dirt with and pebbles and shredded vegetation .
va	O	She was never flustered .
va	I	Inside , strung along the walls on and posts lining the walkways and homes , were bulbs the size of my fists .
va	I	I held her there in front of that shed , her sobs in echoing the night , and tried to comfort her .
va	O	This was not at all how I had pictured this meeting .
va	O	Owen says to his friend in astonishment .
va	I	It been has six years since her Grandma Sandy died from cancer .
va	O	I nodded slightly when I understood what they wanted .
va	I	Tracy smiled as caught he her eye , and greeted him warmly .
va	O	He shook his head .
va	I	He urged her over him , driving up through her feminine channel , wanting to shout as pleasure burst around and him through .
va	O	' Where did you guys go ? '
va	O	Thomas eyed the spectacle as well and then he slugged Will in the arm .
va	O	He looked down to where they were joined .
va	I	I knew there had to some be witty quip coming , mocking my reaction .
va	I	But that intensity brought he to the stage he brought to the relationship too in the form of rabid jealousy and insecurity .
va	O	Gail walked back over to Jacobs and the Doctor .
va	O	At first he is sitting upright , in control , but as his son sounds out the words , I see Daniel 's control wash away .
va	O	I needed to feel her .
va	I	He could ride anything anywhere so a gallop bareback down the paddock was too easy .
va	O	Poltergeist tossed the impaled eye into the wreckage .
va	I	He had to come and if see his parents were still here despite his hesitations to face the dead .
va	O	I thought I had the best the night before , the excruciatingly beautiful intensity of that morning .
va	O	The old man retreated back into his house .
va	O	Someone to help her get Ned to safety ?
va	O	He braced a hand on the rail at the end of the bed .
va	O	His eyes were open and they stared up as I leaned over him .
va	O	Eve stumbled after them , looking over her shoulder to see if Michael was going to follow .
va	I	She winked at me and to turned Tammy .
va	O	With pale skin , and a lean , muscular body , he was enough to make any girl fall over and do his bidding .
va	O	He waved a hand , dismissing her .
va	I	Amanda left him visit to with her mother and father .
va	O	I didn 't bring my guns with me when I left Montana .
va	O	He picked it up and stared again at the cursed grove of trees marking this cove .
va	O	He was obviously surprised but not as much as he could have been .
va	I	Fellows ' eyes narrowed as he him assessed .
va	O	The Horde looked at him .
va	I	I don 't have difficulty talking about this , it but seems people have difficulty hearing it .
va	O	Let black ink out of my lungs and let chandelier light in .
va	I	You up stood for everyone from the village drunk to me .
va	O	Now all she wanted to do was cuddle up to that warm masculine body and sleep .
va	I	He 'd told as her much of the truth as he could , and he didn 't want to lie to her .
va	I	Chuck at laughed him .
va	I	Sara 's whitened knuckles .
va	O	Sure , their clothes were perfectly in place again , but there was a flush on Claire 's skin .
va	I	That one yours is .
va	I	That wasn 't bad too .
va	O	He 'd shoved me back so hard that I landed on the ground and I had to lay still for a few moments to get my bearings .
va	O	Sarah had always been such a puzzle to Esme .
va	I	Garrett 's street had felt strangely vacant Sutton as 's GPS led her to his house .
va	I	She was thoughtful for moment a .
va	O	Have you looked at the horizon ? '
va	I	A glance Willa at told me she still slumbered heavily .
va	I	He 've could planted a suggestion for them to leave it somewhere at some particular time .
va	O	The display on his phone showed he had about thirty seconds .
va	I	Alex was thoughtful momentous and in updating his wall .
va	I	Frieda had gone to bed with him a couple times of during his last summer in Germany .
va	O	He took his time kissing her all over ; his hands followed the path of his mouth and he glided across every surface of her skin .
va	I	It a was perfect plan .
va	I	He down turned the heat and covered the sauce .
va	O	The nurse just didn 't seem to get it .
va	O	But she hadn 't been there by herself ; a tall , pale man had been there with her , just watching .
va	I	True , he her considered beautiful and kind .
va	O	A hand took his leg and pulled him back .
va	O	The old man looked forward to the boy 's visits more than he had realized .
va	O	For a flash , Jared 's eyes dropped closed .
va	O	It was hard even to get the word out , as I found this prosaic , unemotional discussion of terrible events very upsetting .
va	O	She couldn 't bear the thought .
va	O	She was just going through the motions while shopping with Cameron .
va	O	He cocks his head towards my mother and Chloe still gaping in my direction .
va	I	They continued to push through the crowd that was their blocking way , still half blinded by a flash bulb frenzy of the over zealous fans .
va	I	He grinned rolled and her on top of him .
va	O	And she was such a loving , understanding wife .
va	O	Beyond the transparent walls , lights glowed and winked on instruments sitting atop the work surfaces of a lab .
va	I	French and Flemish dialects blended together in hallway the .
va	O	He groaned at the move , and it took every scrap of will he had not to drive his hips into hers .
va	I	a voice through cut the night .
va	I	The longer they separated were , the sharper her tongue .
va	I	Then , inexplicably , all the about photographs the room seemed to speak .
va	O	They unwound , turned , left , right ... Harper swallowed and her eyes opened wide , her pupils growing larger .
va	O	She was patronizing him .
va	O	Like many indie authors , Susan depends on the reviews and word of mouth referrals of her readers .
va	I	She quite obviously realized that she lost had .
va	I	And why she was beginning to believe him ?
va	I	And no how matter much she told herself otherwise , he had that power to hurt her again .
va	I	Not easy an task , but she boxed his torn ear again as hard as she could .
va	I	The first year that Dallas helped with the was digs not what most people would call real work .
va	I	He was just as determined to kil me as Jasmine had been to sacrifice to Morgan Loki .
va	I	I smiled and glanced at the centerpiece of the table coffee .
va	O	But , they both love each other .
va	O	A true dominant understands this very well .
va	O	I know now that she forgives me for being dumb and scared and doing the dumb and scared thing .
va	I	I broke into this bcuz computer Op Nine is hurt .
va	O	Only after she 'd hung up did Carly realize that her head had begun to pound .
va	O	It took a few seconds for Noah to catch up with Samara and walk beside him .
va	O	Unfortunately , my sneakers decided to play hide and seek .
va	I	Not only would my dad and brothers wonder what was on going , it would go against my own rules .
va	I	Ruth was enough old to know that people seldom changed , but Gwen wasn 't about to remind her of that .
va	I	My hands got clammy as I felt grab him my arm all over again and rip the towel out of my hands .
va	I	He took the one working elevator to the top floor and emerged , semiautomatic a in his hand .
va	I	It wasn 't as rustic looking the as cabins occupied by two of his brothers .
va	I	He looked Jack at 's iPhone and pulled out the papers under it .
va	I	If he went down , the demon would have the woman and the fight would end and here now .
va	O	You get better for me .
va	I	Russo leaped to his feet and grabbed small a statue .
va	O	Alex watched in what felt like eager anticipation for the oncoming incident .
va	O	' Feeling fine , dad , ' said IIa .
va	O	There must be magic in it .
va	I	And 're you my friend .
va	O	The problem was simple .
va	I	He yanked 'd open the snap of his jeans , pulled down the zipper and he pushed between her legs .
va	I	So I on settled something else .
va	I	He got then the urge to test the beam 's accuracy , by approaching the door again .
va	I	Standing in their clean white smocks stood Dr. Morgan , assistant surgeon George Fowler , Pvt. Douglas , who had resting been earlier , and Pvt. Cleveland .
va	O	Meanwhile , scouts reported two more angry men had left headed west .
va	O	Cale snatched the slip of paper from him irritably and peered at the writing .
va	I	She 'd seen him beat the crap out of one man - the guy who 'd attacked her when she Claire and went after her stolen possessions .
va	I	When the doorway came sight into , I could spot father sitting on his throne , looking rather bored .
va	I	Looking across the dance floor it was clear that the current dance craze was fitting for and spasming , a style Minos had been pioneering for years .
va	I	We made it in the time gave they us .
va	I	My family and friends my were safe .
va	O	Sitting on the couch , I could start to see my breath .
va	O	Her words were a statement and not a question .
va	O	Again the whip lashed .
va	I	The briefcases were gone , and they were walking to the back of an blue old hatchback .
va	O	Gone was all that deep rich skin tone .
va	O	I am empty of everything I will never move .
va	I	He made sure to close the behind door him .
va	O	He takes one look at me and storms up , facing me head-on with fierce hatred on his face .
va	O	The wall is a long line of gray on the left side of her viewer blocking the left eyesight .
va	I	The boy 's legs dragged her behind .
va	O	He won 't leave Back Up 's side .
va	O	He was so tireless .
va	O	Have you been out looking for her ?
va	I	Then he 'd been at school that morning and I hadn even 't taken a moment to speak to Leif and explain .
va	I	He appeared cool and calm as he deflected the brought charges against him and his regime .
va	I	He ran hand his down her hip .
va	O	McCoy asked , but the face was gone .
va	I	At the end of the day , I don 't think there is any I way could leave Elle .
va	I	It was another reason she couldn 't stop after crying Daniel left .
va	I	I don wish 't to be unkind , Izzy , but as I observed before , you made things rather difficult for those of us left behind .
va	I	she asked bartender the .
va	O	The day of his death , he 'd lost a little over thirty-one pounds .
va	I	She slid down on his cock , filling herself full of him , her heavy eyelids .
va	O	These were the places I never even went when I was homeless , much less now .
va	O	Son of a bitch .
va	I	She watched for a moment the place where she had last seen him , hoping he might suddenly reappear around corner the .
va	I	Roger had , since last week , cancelled all credit accounts card he shared with Marnie .
va	O	Rutger pounded the table .
va	I	Ice felt guilty for not seeing truth the back then .
va	O	Elliot fusses with her drink for a couple of agonizingly long minutes as I wait .
va	O	It hurt too much to accept .
va	O	He fell into pace next to her and they walked swiftly across the park -- which she was realizing was really just a field now .
va	I	His ... name Her body would only soothe his for a few minutes .
va	O	Gradually , the fragments of my soul sprang back to the center as if drawn thereby some sort of spiritual gravity .
va	O	Noam stood up from the eres where she 'd been sitting with her husband .
va	I	Moving closer , she could hear herself breathe , and in the distance few a birds called out as if in warning .
va	O	The fact was , under different circumstances he might very well have felt he had to leave her and return to Decker and Bricker and their hunt .
va	I	It all comes from heartache and passion hard-won and honesty .
va	I	She tried to exactly recall what Josh had said .
va	O	Angelina did as she was told and followed Balfour through the oval door .
va	I	The back my of throat tickled , and I coughed .
va	O	I wanted to say that we 'd had a dozen heartfelt conversations .
va	I	We were sitting beside each other Red at Lobster and we both made faces at the camera .
va	I	And he was getting harder her for .
va	O	I try my best , sure .
va	I	She would probably have been killed herself .
va	O	Twenty dollars wasn 't going to cover our meals , plus a tip .
va	O	That didn 't sound like something that would appeal to her .
va	I	Smiling from the glowing screen , the nymph swayed from side to side her and skirt shook as she danced .
va	I	They left because they to wanted .
va	O	I mean , it must be put on the posters and so on .
va	O	While the testing was being done , Tessie was questioned by doctors as to whether they had taken any drugs .
va	O	The thought of a safe arrival back at the baths brought him no comfort .
va	I	I smiled , resting my chin the on railing .
va	I	More had happened in that garage than was she explaining .
va	O	Questioning any part of the myth puts one completely beyond the pale , a leper .
va	I	He begins grabbing all the from notes the countertops , piling them up in his arms and then instructs me to do the same .
va	O	She didn 't pull away .
va	O	The wildcats came out from behind the rocks , Cassidy with muzzle pressed to the ground , sniffing , sniffing .
va	O	That was more than enough .
va	O	She was glad that she had helped Anna .
va	I	The prisoner her squeezed hand and reached for mine .
va	I	She 'd taken her back friend to Genevieve 's hotel after they 'd been cleared by the Rio authorities .
va	I	He stood in the parking and lot began to cry , unashamed to let the tears and snot flow .
va	O	Bruises ... but nothing worse .
va	I	She was immediately by struck the duality of the main room when she entered it .
va	O	But Adri walked onwards , smiling lightly to himself , breathing deeply the thick , clean forest air .
va	O	Abbey hoped to change the subject before she spilled her guts about the letter that lay in her pocket .
va	I	He left , the shutting door behind him .
va	I	I click tongue my and hold out my hand as Nev jumps up on my arm like a perch .
va	I	Above poor the humans he shared the pavement with .
va	O	Carl looked at the Mustang .
va	I	Our mouths stayed together as I cried in out passion .
va	I	Then her came father home .
va	I	Maybe he hear would and listen this time .
va	O	She bent down to pick him up .
va	I	I was going to be Gabriel Mrs. Gordon .
va	I	He couldn 't think even about her meeting another man his child would call dad .
va	O	He looked over and finally smiled .
va	I	He used my familiar name , his and eyes were stern at the edges but somehow soft at the center .
va	O	I looked up from the yummy bulge , hoping a stern look from him would calm me down , but there was no such luck .
va	I	I 'm hoping this is the time last .
va	O	I pointed the Jeep in the direction of my castle , but halfway there some demons flagged me down .
va	O	He had obviously just arrived , like us , because he was taking off his coat with great elegance and shaking raindrops out of his thick hair .
va	O	Her voice is the same .
va	O	We were silent for a very long time , but that was fine .
va	O	Father Joseph asked her .
va	O	A sad smile shifted his face .
va	O	' Looks like you take after your father in that respect .
va	I	Gran was walking one down set of stairs as we were walking up the other .
va	O	He studied the skies , searching for any telltale lights of an approaching plane .
va	I	It felt like a long time since anyone had cared enough to him look over .
va	I	It was a perfectly sealed cube plastic .
va	O	I saw better at night now because I was a part of the night now in a way that I never had been before .
va	O	It takes me a moment to parse what he means .
va	O	Hit takes her hand , probably trying to comfort , but Dina shakes her off .
va	I	I know it a sounds little insensitive but it 's the truth .
va	O	The world around him seems to shake and as his hand grasps mom 's wrist , the ground below her seems to fall away .
va	I	She kissed Devon 's cheek and smiled at him as his eyes emerald merrily twinkled back at her .
va	O	This was never my intention .
va	I	He quieted suddenly and motioned for them all to down crouch amongst the tangled brush .
va	I	The reported police there was nothing suspicious about Teddy 's death .
va	I	Milton looked at the discarded book and gave passing a thought to his lack of commitment .
va	I	I decided it was enough safe .
va	I	Then his mind was back the to present , to the site in front of him .
va	I	Can you wish for things be to different ?
va	I	I 've three had deliveries this morning , all without a hitch .
va	I	Clem certainly hadn 't mated life for .
va	O	He stayed quite a distance behind me , but he walked with me every step of the way .
va	O	The sounds of crickets disappeared as the apartments and business offices captured the scenery around me .
va	O	Maybe they 're right .
va	O	She was not going to be fooled this time and the memory of the one time that she did made her smile faintly .
va	O	I should 've known better , every group that is overly genuine are either stupid , or bandits .
va	I	They were having good-natured a argument about whether we should walk or share a taxi .
va	I	By she now had the car pulled up at the grass verge at the opposite side of the road .
va	O	He ... he weighed the costs and heartache of going through treatment against a couple years of his life and decided it wasn 't worth it .
va	I	I laughed and my shook head .
va	O	She looked at the childish face , the angry eyes full of hate .
va	O	Jude led her into an empty cubicle and reached for her .
va	O	Only , he didn 't go after me directly .
va	O	I could tie you up and keep you forever .
va	O	At first I think it 's just him giving me an update , even though I 'm usually the one that calls him .
va	I	I mean , not more than normal , the pain physical .
va	I	Seeing ourselves as matchmakers with a surprisingly success high rate .
va	O	Bree 's eyes slightly opened as she looked at him with confusion .
va	I	Big changes always came when the purple changed hands , often and the changes weren 't good .
va	I	Later , he was sitting the at head of the dining room table , Sibyl to his left .
va	O	Johnny managed to borrow amps but yearned for one of his own .
va	I	That included him as well , but I didn say 't anything , moving out of his embrace instead .
va	I	Maybe worried they I was using some kind of drug .
va	O	In the romantic version of medieval times , men were always strong and chivalrous .
va	O	That 's what I mean .
va	I	He 't wasn sure .
va	I	If think you you can take on Theron alone , then go ahead .
va	I	I offered the open bundle to her and she pulled a roll braided from the small pile .
va	I	She 's not wearing the same clothes she had earlier on .
va	O	Adel shakes his head .
va	I	And why didn 't want he his comrades to know about it ?
va	I	After Carlos left , Romano himself poured a drink and offered one to Mario .
va	I	' But lord my of Rohan , am I to be called a murderer , because valiant men have fallen in battle ?
va	O	The rocket was higher than he remembered ; it would be a hard climb .
va	O	I wasn 't a love child conceived in some fling my mother had ; it was calculated .
va	O	Why do you think I 'm hiding out up here when I should be packing ?
va	O	She raised her eyebrows and looked at the approaching waitress .
va	O	Relieved , I tugged off my cap , and my hair tumbled down my back .
va	I	He turns and shows us pack the on his back .
va	I	Their cars were in driveway the .
va	O	I just watch her for what feels like an eternity , but can only have been a few seconds .
va	I	The sudden burst of adrenaline , of that fearing an enemy had come to the castle , left him irritable once more .
va	I	The rip in heart his cut deep .
va	O	Lukas set the tray on the desk and pulled out the chair for Elizabeth .
va	O	But then sometimes things come together in spite of the plans we make , rather than because of them .
va	O	Phoebe found she enjoyed traveling with Kyle , and realized it wasn 't a sacrifice after all with unlimited accommodations and a nanny .
va	O	A voice inside me growled she 's mine .
va	O	No one had heard anything except the shots .
va	I	As his strength returned to his muscles , began he to plan his escape .
va	O	Woods didn 't wait for a response .
va	I	It was mainly white but black markings disturbed its otherwise stunning -- beauty for those markings made up the image of a pair of grinning skulls .
va	I	And when they arrived back at Hall Halstead , she sprinted lightly up the stairs to her suite while Colin stopped to speak with the butler .
va	I	When can see I you again ?
va	O	Her ears surged and then firmed up , thin-skinned , rounded , and twitching already .
va	O	Blood was best served warm , after all , and nothing warmed a human 's blood like fear .
va	I	A muscle jumped his in jaw .
va	O	Her breathless voice swept over him with the same physical punch as the scrape of her fingernails down his spine had earlier this morning .
va	O	I tried to suppress my shudder , and looked down at the map .
va	O	One flick of her wrist and his neck would break .
va	O	Her most recent surprise stood before her .
va	I	I didn 't dare look back I as rushed toward the woods separating the lake from our house .
va	O	I admit it without shame .
va	I	' But if I met your cousin , I do not think I the had pleasure of speaking with him at any great length . '
va	I	A bobbing to buoy be buffeted by whatever direction the tides happened to be running .
va	O	They rushed her to the hospital in hopes that she would soon be revived .
va	I	I should so hope .
va	I	I kept reminding of myself how poorly that had worked out the first time .
va	I	They 're wrapped with a sprig of evergreen the from yard .
va	O	His hands moved to my hips , grasping my body and pulling me flush against him , and I forgot everything but the pleasure of his touch .
va	I	Her mind stayed and focused intent .
va	O	I switched to that channel .
va	O	They 'd make love and then talk .
va	I	I return will to you with a witch .
va	I	He confessed everything to sheriff the .
va	O	Henry settled back in the recliner , he thought for a second and said .
va	O	We never really did .
va	I	Darcy looked at the dress , her eyes in widened amazement .
va	I	Her mind was turning over the problem , examining it from angle every and coming up with solutions at a rapid rate .
va	O	Treat her right or let her go .
va	I	The customer tested it from a little spoon wooden .
va	O	They headed for tunnels that had opened within the structure , and disappeared into the glittering core .
va	I	She tacks the last word on an as afterthought .
va	O	You have seen us do this for you on more than one occasion .
va	I	She 'd the cast spell for love .
va	I	Besides , I couldn 't let her wander around out the in dark , drunk .
va	I	Who else on is the casino board ?
va	I	Creed leaned to forward prop his elbows on his spread knees , his hands dangling down .
va	I	Leaving the body behind and closing the doors , the two men cautiously passed down hallway the , which cut towards the left .
va	I	He in was pain , but he was still who and what he 'd always been .
va	O	Mab kept gazing out through the glass , as though she were contemplating all the secrets of the universe .
va	O	I will do what needs to be done .
va	I	Shifting shot itself agony into his body , coupled with the pain of his wounds and the torture from his Collar .
va	I	She needed to into melt the jungle with Lucia before someone noticed she hadn 't returned to their quarters .
va	O	And a bit of good detective work on your part , too .
va	I	She shook head her .
va	I	Couldn 't they to manage go a few hours without injury ?
va	O	I 'd missed Jake more than I wanted to admit .
va	I	The door closed us behind .
va	I	There also was an email from Jon .
va	I	And then was there the cell we just came from .
va	I	When it falls over the ivory of this sweater , you to get show it off more .
va	O	He handed it across the desk and Max reached for it .
va	O	Adam exhaled , eyes relentlessly searching shadows outside for any hint of Petra approaching .
va	O	How did A know everything ?
va	I	His mind sought hers he and called to her .
va	O	Although I stil wasn 't sure where that memory of my mom had come from .
va	O	My mom broke the silence .
va	I	RIO paced outside doorway the .
va	O	Her mother was her mother .
va	I	At this point he took off his hat put and it on the lectern , then he unbuttoned his jacket and laid it over his hat .
va	I	She 'd learned that , she had ?
va	I	Lee turned look to at him .
va	I	She prayed it would take the a soldiers while to realize she was no longer on her horse .
va	O	He tried to mount , but the horse , sensing its rider 's nerves , shied and sidestepped .
va	I	How can we fight such force a ?
va	O	He takes hold of my hand and squeezes it reassuringly .
va	I	He gave me a sexy grin and shook head his .
va	O	CHAPTER 3 : Or not As soon as the bell rang , Trina tried to drag Rigel out of the room .
va	I	I 'm breathing so hard my frame shaking is .
va	O	But I had a knife in my boot .
va	I	She looked up and met gaze his .
va	I	Wade clamped hand a over her mouth just as he 'd covered her lips with his moments ago in that unwise , out-of-control kiss .
va	O	My idea is different .
va	I	Then he turns around fully to look her at .
va	O	Still , you realize I wouldn 't have come if it hadn 't been important ?
va	I	It is also remarkable that belief in possession by evil spirits , and belief in vampires , is associated with widespread the belief in werewolves .
va	O	I follow , grimacing as my hand throbs incessantly .
va	I	He stumbled to the coffee pot blinked and against the pressure behind his eyes .
va	O	She pulled away from me , and tried to play off the news with a worried smile .
va	O	There he went again , deflecting the conversation away from his feelings to a less personal area .
va	O	The fourteen-year-old boy glanced at her , nodded .
va	I	Marcus outshone them all and she could hardly tear her eyes away from him , even though she knew was it a dead giveaway to her feelings .
va	O	She 'd been gone too long from him .
va	I	No , time this only blood would satiate her .
va	O	Mia set her coffee on the table beside the recliner , went to the couch and sank to her knees .
va	O	I leaned forward at the hips and held my hands up .
va	I	She plucked the leash the from dashboard and attached it to Hector 's collar .
va	O	Whether you know it or not , you bought yourself some time with that wounded leg of yours .
va	I	Then suddenly , before the lanky man could reach me again , there was a body between standing us .
va	O	She really felt badly .
va	I	They looked down the hill to a see small village .
va	I	They arrived a couple hours sunset before .
va	O	At last , they headed for the Holy Grail .
va	O	she asked , needing to know what he had in mind .
va	I	His silver syringe is on the table , beside the makeup that bag April keeps saving and returning to me .
va	O	That could mean that someone else wrote Jedidiah 's name in the landing area .
va	I	My words are barely a breath the when white coats come into my vision .
va	I	The might concussion be clouding my judgment .
va	I	We 're not from one of those islands tourist .
va	I	She her pressed hand into mine .
va	I	I not 'm doing it .
va	I	A pact of safety , coexistence of .
va	I	He understood she that had had three girls to deal with not one .
va	I	Mike leaned his head back the against stack of hospital pillows and groaned .
va	I	His gut clenched into a knot the at thought , and he ruthlessly pushed it away .
va	O	She tried not to look blank , but the amusement on the boy 's face suggested she 'd failed .
va	I	He me held close against his chest .
va	I	He was surprised and little a embarrassed at the answer that seemed to come out of it 's own will .
va	I	She can 't imaging the bookkeeper clumsy wandering into The Dry herself .
va	O	He was wearing a brown leather jacket and his dark hair curled down to the collar of it and fell over his narrowed eyes .
va	I	I keep rubbing against him , addicted to the way it feels to be bare completely against him .
va	O	Bonnie said , as she tumbled down from the vehicle beside Meredith .
va	O	Owen drifted away with him , having said nothing to Zane and barely greeting Ty with a nod .
va	O	Angry didn 't begin to describe what I felt right then .
va	O	As she approached her destination she began to see more people outside the window .
va	I	The old didn me 't and the new me doesn 't either .
va	O	Forget about anything but the event .
va	I	This is one just more thing .
va	O	What 's going on ? '
va	O	He just hoped he wasn 't too late .
va	I	Wesley was a not bad guy .
va	O	The man was naked , his body a mass of lacerations .
va	I	As if I needed another reason to dislike Midwest the .
va	I	Asked Jenny with depressed a face .
va	O	First Anna , now Mary Maude .
va	O	Much more elegant and rich than anything he was used to .
va	I	If I thought his chest felt hard before , now it was like against leaning steel .
va	I	While she naked 's .
va	I	Honor from squealed the doorway .
va	O	Both Tessa and Will had been so caught up in their conversation that they had not heard Jem approaching .
va	I	Were there in scalpels here ?
va	O	I instantly deflated and I didn 't even know I 'd inflated .
va	O	Emma clutched the old BlackBerry to her ear .
va	I	When my grandfather married my grandmother , he gave her half his of shares .
va	I	I quickly away turned , my hand finding Callum 's .
va	I	He put two on fingers Charlie 's left wrist and counted the beats .
va	I	The entire clan gathered again at my parent 's house in Park Slope for in the afternoon early on Christmas Day .
va	I	What sort of worked robot at a power plant , anyway ?
va	O	A cloud of sadness passed over her face .
va	I	She tried to memorize the stall 's location and the color of the man 's balloon , a of patchwork varying shades of deep purples .
va	O	My disbelief grew as I stared at the three entries .
va	I	My seat swayed back and forth with step every the elephant took and I released more magic forcing myself to trust the gigantic creature .
va	I	I look down at the lady , freed now from the lines and tubes and bandages .
va	I	Caroline massaged eye her socket , smearing her eyeliner .
va	I	And just like that , one full day being in this city new , I had a job .
va	I	Why was she that encouraging guy ?
va	I	As stiff as was she , she seemed to relax just the slightest bit .
va	I	His tears and dried a smile creased his handsome face .
va	O	She just wanted the conversation to continue .
va	O	Though it was not Ashwin 's primary Ambience , it was potent and often didn 't allow for despair or despondency .
va	O	Jake understood the meaning behind his words .
va	I	She heaped up plates for the humans and then brought out the obligatory carafe of blood for the vampires the in room .
va	I	Almost blindly , her hand out reached to feel her neck .
va	I	My thoughts wandered as she continued to pick out clothes for me , they insisting were cast-offs she never wore .
va	O	Hopefully , one would come ask her to dance soon .
va	I	He lifted her up and set her on down the counter in front of him .
va	O	Those who had other classes this period gathered their books and left , while a few new students filed in .
va	O	That accident was the catalyst that turned his life around .
va	I	He pushed at the door beneath the lock and it open creaked slightly .
va	I	It was amazing that such an old wound could itch still after such a long time .
va	O	I picked out the biggest chuck roast I could find , beautifully marbled with fat .
va	I	He was on the phone , but when he saw me , he held up a finger and pointed to chair a in front of his desk .
va	I	Donovan cupped face her .
va	O	Even if you haven 't done anything wrong .
va	I	Charlie at blinked that .
va	I	Their responses made me wonder any if of them would be back .
va	I	She jerked back to at look his face .
va	I	When he was done eating , James looked at his plate with his hands folded his on lap .
va	I	A burst of laughter from slipped Mortimer 's lips .
va	O	Are ... are you okay ?
va	I	It was cute pretty in a way .
va	I	I rolled my eyes looked and around .
va	O	Blood splashed up over his lips and dribbled down his chin .
va	I	A well of deep opened sadness up inside Avery and she felt her eyes prick with tears .
va	O	It wasn 't a request .
va	I	I 'd never seen any Kristie of 's group .
va	O	I 'll be you for the next week or two , see if there 's anything I can do to convince this bastard to trust me .
va	O	What mattered was that I had finally listened to my heart .
va	O	She stops close when she comes back , and something like vanilla mixed with oil and gasoline drifts around me .
va	I	Corinne couldn read 't the strange flicker that dimmed the gold of his eyes .
va	I	She paused , then let herself fall , kicking her at captor 's leg .
va	O	When they parted his mask fell back into place .
va	I	Will had told her that Adam was the same guy she run 'd into when she 'd dashed out of the bar in such a panic .
va	O	Like having my arms wrapped around him as he drove would be totally okay .
va	I	The man woke up the next day to find that it wasn 't really the next day at all , but the same again day .
va	I	Panic flirted with her slight buzz drunken as her father caught the tension between them and stalked him like a predator .
va	I	Beyond the fence , a handful of riders working were their horses .
va	O	He warned your grandfather that he would not permit any of you three to be coerced into turning the company into a family dynasty .
va	O	His mouth twisted in a parody of a smile .
va	O	I nodded , trying not to fidget .
va	O	I need you to be still .
va	I	He watched Dane recover without on landing his ass .
va	I	But then she glanced at darkening the sky , thick now with gray clouds overhead .
va	O	She could use them the next time , she assured herself .
va	I	I 'd die old and fat in this little old house with that creepy toilet themed wallpaper , shag and carpet .
va	I	The general had tension got the better of him , too .
va	O	But it was too pathetic of a gesture and I kept my distance .
va	O	Irritation pumped through me .
va	I	He feel could no pain but knew he must be dead .
va	O	' Hi , ' the girl with the auburn hair said to me .
va	O	The Queen went limp and still .
va	I	Sunday afternoon , the door was locked up tight , the idle equipment .
va	O	Tell me I 'm doing the right thing with Ronan .
va	I	Instead , grabbed I him by the ear and pulled him toward my mouth .
va	I	But she couldn 't make believe herself it .
va	O	This was my chance .
va	I	The morning 's feast didn 't leave him incapacitated as as the previous evening meal .
va	I	If something is done or that said you do not like , I expect you to convey it to me so we can deal with it together .
va	O	It came away from the fabric with a wet smear that made her wince .
va	O	Three different camera views of the kitchen streamed past too quickly for Ethan to process any of it .
va	O	At the last possible second Wendel noticed a distortion in the space around his mouth .
va	I	The bartender 's eyes wandered and began to into roll the back of his head .
va	I	Owen 's shoulders slumped he and sat back down .
va	I	But it was easier than said done .
va	I	It doesn 't , it just makes sense - always remember the year 90 old runner .
va	I	The ripples of his hit behavior more people than he could understand .
va	O	But that wasn 't the truth .
va	O	His soft grip on my knee stiffened , and he quickly removed his hand , placing it on the steering wheel .
va	O	It 's probably just a pebble of a history in Bill 's long life , but in mine , it 's a boulder .
va	I	There was no way could she pass out .
va	O	Candid and expressive with long russet eyelashes .
va	I	He was more than to happy oblige .
va	I	Because men were making her jumpy for a whole different reason past than fears .
va	I	I should have been crying , but , though I and looked looked , I couldn 't find my tears .
va	I	She turned to back him before descending .
va	O	Tabitha considered the time .
va	O	He drew his cell from his pants pocket and called Rafe .
va	O	The masked man nodded and so Justus did the same , revealing his own mark .
va	I	The day hot was and overcast , which suited his mood exactly .
va	O	Slowly , Sonia turned her head to look at Callum .
va	I	Buzz was frustrated getting .
va	O	You help keep the city in balance .
va	O	The cries of the past began to swirl in his mind again as the memories came flooding back .
va	I	At this announcement , someone lit a candle nearby and several other women clustered around Elena 's cot , their expressions filled with curiosity .
va	I	She her bit lip and closed her eyes then stretched her neck to peek inside for the first time .
va	O	We met Malik on the stairs , also on his way to bed , and exchanged updates about our evenings .
va	O	I 'm sure a thief lifted it and made the purchase here somewhere in the facility using a smart phone or something .
va	O	She lowered her hand and glanced at him .
va	O	Alec kissed me on the forehead .
va	O	I wasn 't sure what was stranger -- the fact that Maria had a cyborg clone , or that I was now a cyborg myself .
va	I	The soothing grass had reached his thighs now , moving up both legs find to those terrible , burning wounds in an effort to ease the pain .
va	O	The ball bounced once against the hoop then down through the net .
va	O	She rubs my whiskers then snarls at the rough facial hair .
va	I	The search and rescue team was on way its .
va	I	Alex scanned area the as Zoe finished off her attacker .
va	I	On cue , her foot him met below the belt .
va	O	We seem to have enough in common .
va	O	It 's not a thrilling tale of adventure or the kind of fairy-tale romance portrayed in movies , but it felt like divine intervention .
va	O	Seemingly friendly , but really it 's so much more .
va	I	The priest next to him passed over strips two of black cloth .
va	O	If I 've given you hope , you 've done the same for me .
va	O	Mercy is too kind for them .
va	I	I dripped and sloshed the soup a of couple times because I couldn 't keep my eyes off the entrance .
va	I	Any settlement will cost a because fortune the old stud doesn 't want to settle .
va	I	The wedding doesn 't to need be next month .
va	O	He didn 't see Duncan as a man anymore .
va	I	Even she if really did work as Hammond 's secretary , she 'd never see any financial stuff .
va	O	Someone who 'll get off their butts and get busy ?
va	O	I drank my beer slowly , and then I asked the only question I could come up with .
va	I	Then I cleared my mind , to trying calm my racing thoughts .
va	O	Andrew looked completely lost and in shock .
va	I	She her shook head .
va	I	He could still hear Salvatore screaming as they exited the house but it didn 't seem to faze Corrado as headed he for the car .
va	I	Darius had to that admit the speech , in Verne 's voice , had quite a ring to it .
va	I	Belinda sounded as if she trying was to convince herself as much as anyone else .
va	I	Powered by some unseen source , flooded light the cavern .
va	O	She swiped her electronic key card .
va	I	I 't wasn given any time to gloat , though .
va	I	Kylie asked with concern complete .
va	I	There was possibly limit no to how often the view could amaze you .
va	O	Maybe she saw them and thought it was a costume .
va	I	I closed my again eyes , and concentrated .
va	O	He sounds almost sympathetic .
va	I	Right then , was I willing to settle for life .
va	I	Provided that they leave alone her -- Eleonora thought -- she could live in that forced monastic seclusion , made of books and solitude .
va	I	He could feel the slow trickle of blood where her nails cut had his face .
va	O	She shuddered at the thought .
va	I	Her thoughts went to Ryan and everything he told 'd her .
va	O	The ceiling was strangely high for a foyer .
va	O	She was my assignment .
va	I	There was a ring with the incised picture a of unicorn .
va	O	Katia watched as the three guards for the house , pulled weapons from beneath their jackets and aimed them at the animals .
va	O	It wasn 't about the workload or the poverty or the hardship -- it went deeper .
va	O	It was a simple find out if the estranged spouse was involved with anyone .
va	O	Not for a while .
va	I	He peeked at her from corner the of his eye .
va	I	Grandma peeled off her white leather gloves driving .
va	I	The others ignored her and did as said I .
va	O	Thus mollified , I proceeded to tell her of the events in detail .
va	I	Then I as do he asks .
va	O	The bear laughed so loudly that he shook the nightingale from her branch in the valley below .
va	I	Garrett veered toward them the elevators , and they waited a couple minutes for it to reach their floor .
va	O	When I got annoyed , I planned to punch the door but it opened before I do .
va	I	The warlock I was trying to target with the spells apparently had something blocking them his from side of things .
va	O	The memory of his first sight of his wife made Cullen smile .
va	I	I looked around campsite our and it was completely empty besides all of the vehicles and group still hanging around .
va	I	We open them at the same time , and the misty night air explodes ... wailing with .
va	O	She writhed beneath him as his balls fired up once more and another shot of pleasure , more intense this time , rushed through his cock .
va	O	Caring for them gave her at least a sense of purpose , a sense of normalcy .
va	O	A rush of white noise , wind and cold assaulted my senses .
va	O	Only after they left did I realize that the Dean of the Covenant was supplying alcohol to minors .
va	O	I can 't be faulted for having feelings for her .
va	I	He be could here right now , up in the trees somewhere .
va	O	As soon as he was free Max flexed his fingers then he reached up and cupped her face in his hands .
va	O	Or ... or ... I pushed a hand against his chest and got enough space to look into his face .
va	I	I flipped onto my back and stared at up him .
va	O	Devon didn 't like the thought of later .
va	I	A king answerable the to King .
va	O	He sensed the warmth of her touch and breathed her fragrance , a blend of vanilla and fresh citrus .
va	O	Joyce smiled weakly and obediently nibbled at a biscuit .
va	I	Was really there any harm in it ?
va	I	He kissed her again , his mouth and hard hungry .
va	O	Now he saw no real way out .
va	O	The vacuum tube was to become one , if not the , key component in nearly all early radio , radar , television , and computer systems .
va	O	And the knowledge came with a crash of light .
va	O	Adrian and I were getting away from here !
va	O	He blamed himself for the humiliation I suffered right away .
va	O	Sawyer hopped through the door right as the obnoxious thing sounded and she quickly sprinted to a seat .
va	O	He led her over to the couch and she followed willingly .
va	I	His purpose of meeting Alice probably is to seal away the family 's fact .
va	I	Mack stayed quiet , for fear that any remark made he would damn him all the more in Mary Jo 's eyes .
va	I	After opening the glass door , Ash stepped back gestured and at Chase .
va	I	Her skin flushed in a different way , with burning embarrassment now .
va	I	What was doing he ?
va	O	He regarded her with amusement as he allowed his hands to freely explore the slender curves .
va	O	No one knew what to say about it .
va	O	Marshall whips out a quiver full of arrows and straps it to his back .
va	I	She felt a little bit of the tight knot of anger and tension at unravel his closeness , even if he wasn 't looking at her .
va	O	Somehow , I didn 't think it would be the last time I chased after Olivia Prescott .
va	O	My fingers tightened in my hair .
va	O	Tricky enough that even Noah 's kisses couldn 't completely eradicate it .
va	I	She encouraged them to ignore the calories and drink with her , and now Slade sat at a table slightly with intoxicated women .
va	O	Leave the volunteers to the site work .
va	I	This guy was serious eye candy , with jet-black ringlets hanging to nearly his shoulders .
va	O	I wait until the door closes before looking back at the blackened window .
va	O	This is going well already , Rex thought .
va	I	Well , what about 's Eloise grandfather ?
va	O	I would have to think of something else .
va	I	And neither , I eventually learned , could anyone else our on tour .
va	O	Payton attempted a left hook to Lea 's head , but Lea ducked the punch , and stood up with a left hook to Payton 's head .
va	I	When gasped she , he stopped .
va	I	I Emma want to come with me . '
va	O	He gave what looked like a rather sad shake of his head .
va	O	Not when the house of cards the two of them had built together by hand over the last decade was about to come crashing down around them .
va	O	Parker guessed that Cleo must have made up the name for some reason .
va	O	The luxurious fur coat hung draped from its shoulders and brushed the marble floor .
va	I	I to managed say coolly .
va	I	She didn 't get an answer but there was cheerful a sound , almost a giggle , and Golden smiled , knowing her friend was fine .
va	O	Those people down there actually care about me .
va	I	Shortly after rolling out of his arms , I laid awake upset with myself lying for to him .
va	O	So what was she doing considering walking back into that house ?
va	I	The hobo , looking up at him with scary eyes , wide as saucers , and a mouth gaping where teeth had become a rare commodity .
va	O	He turned around and started to walk away .
va	I	Streams , and rivers the sea .
va	I	She fighting was tears .
va	I	I was filthy dirty , my long hair was in endless tangles and I was tired of picked being on .
va	O	I had dreaded this day for months .
va	I	But it was more emotional duress than physical danger , and he knew it , which was probably why stood he down at my gesture .
va	O	He sucked hard , and I writhed , my hands clawing at the door behind me .
va	O	She shrugged her robe from her shoulders , savoring the glide of the chenille along her skin , anticipating the feel of his touch .
va	I	Gray assumed that this must be Suzy 's sister even though they didn 't resemble each other at glance first .
va	O	There was something else , but I didn 't have time now to find out .
va	I	She leaned forward to set her mug back on the tray and picked up rose the .
va	I	Would be nice to know 's she okay .
va	O	She is wearing a long sheer gown that hints at her lovely toned body beneath .
va	O	His family would disown him if they ever found out .
va	O	It 's like when Mom spends hours making sure each weed has been plucked from her vegetable garden .
va	O	His fingers tightened their grip on my arms .
va	O	Sitting inside her and waiting for some signal to explode .
va	I	He reached up and tilted his hat back to reveal his pale colored blue eyes .
va	O	He falls back into his chair and folds his arms over his chest .
va	O	She didn 't even like ninety percent of the guests that had been invited to the wedding .
va	I	They 'd lost their only father a week before and now , they 'd just had the proverbial rug pulled out from under them .
va	I	My breath hitched in throat my .
va	O	I succumbed to laughter .
va	O	His hands clawed at his own throat , trying to do the impossible , which was re-open a crushed breathing passage .
va	O	I started with the blog , reading the posts and comments , looking for something out of place .
va	I	Both and human beast .
va	O	There was a pool table in the alcove created by the longer oblong and the rest of the room was filled with haphazardly placed tables and chairs .
va	O	In fact , I doubt it did .
va	O	Gary sounded slightly disappointed .
va	O	For a few minutes .
va	O	With the fires burning , he could tell that sections of Riggins had been destroyed .
va	O	We neared the wall of fire , so close the intense heat stole my breath .
va	O	I slid off my stool , taking my brush over to the sink .
va	O	This would be better than having me arrested for forgery , yet neither was the answer I wanted .
va	I	He could see was she reacting to the shock of her ordeal and sought to comfort her .
va	O	And next to Reggie ... was someone else .
va	I	There was actually one guy who seemed bit a interesting .
va	O	His gaze registered the finger marks at her throat , but then jumped to do a thorough inspection of MaryAnn .
va	O	The rest of the Assassins started down the trail .
va	O	And it was that very bell which alerted me to his presence .
va	I	He distracted seemed by my lack of attire .
va	I	I could barely hear myself over the racket heart my was making .
va	I	We have two sorcerers and fodder countless , and they have what ?
va	O	It was the football team 's colors , deep royal blue and golden yellow .
va	O	He put everything into his job , but sometimes everything isn 't enough .
va	O	None of that would change because of owning or selling a particular house .
va	O	Laurence nodded ; the letter he had had from Jane Roland had mentioned the sickness in passing .
va	I	He climbed the large wooden steps up to the wide porch the of hotel .
va	I	What she did really have in Cheyenne ?
va	I	He wanted to be greatest the musician in the world .
va	O	The one woman who actually told me no .
va	O	I just needed to think .
va	I	I released my anticipation with tremble a , shuddering harder when he responded by cinching his arms around me and lifting me off the floor .
va	O	Through it I could see Donovan leaning against the door , his face stern .
va	O	She drops the other pair on the floor at Carson 's feet .
va	O	I 'm going to be busy and involved and ... well , what will you do ?
va	I	The fire roared in the chimney , and the windows rattled if as about to break .
va	O	I said something about how maybe I 'd been wrong , maybe her being out there with Will was a good thing after all .
va	O	That much she promised herself .
va	O	The lad gives a sprightly bow .
va	O	He told himself that Coach Simpson hadn 't recruited him to play varsity to leave him on the bench .
va	O	Marco sat on the deck beside her chair to listen while Cori absently ran fingers through his dark hair .
va	I	So in way a , I feel bad for you .
va	I	Ma wouldn 't notice , but lately the man old was really becoming a drag .
va	I	And I was still very much planning go to back to Sydney .
va	O	Blaine said with a sardonic smile .
va	O	It came into the room and looked right at him .
va	O	She turned and shook her head at Edwin , who turned back to Mr. Stephen .
va	I	I won 't be able to make the expand figure to any larger than a human .
va	I	Alan toward stepped Marcus , the barrel of the AR-15 digging into his sternum .
va	O	That is the last straw !
va	O	We 've talked about this several times already .
va	O	It concerns me that I have to remind you of this .
va	O	He looked at their reflection in the glass .
va	I	It was at least twenty-five feet high and towers the reached higher .
va	I	If he in sat the cockpit he would be able to see them just by looking out either side window .
va	O	News of my therapy session last night has my friend perplexed .
va	O	Most people who went there wouldn 't remember having been there come the morning after , so Michelangelo felt it didn 't matter what it looked like .
va	I	Had she not understood why he didn 't speak , she 'd offended be .
va	I	I don 't worry , I don 't think , I can sneak just .
va	I	I when winced the realization came , when Brianna 's words registered with her warning .
va	O	When she came back Cade was sitting on her bed .
va	O	He shoots me a sideways look as he discreetly walks them away .
va	I	You stayed while his own mother and father kept company with random all acquaintances night .
va	I	His gaze steady held her like a vise .
va	I	he yelled at the top of his to voice Jenna and Nicko .
va	O	Pat Kelly had a backpack that held all of his worldly belongings .
va	O	I hadn 't lost him .
va	I	But first I had get to her there .
va	O	Aiden told me about the T-shirt .
va	I	They talked 'd about music , books ... ... . .
va	O	He was the leader .
va	I	Something began to underneath shift her .
va	O	From this inauspicious beginning emerged a singularly successful research program .
va	I	It was not cold enough to kill her but enough to make her tremble so hard she death feared .
va	I	Price was anxious to guillotine this subject , but had Vivienne already noted the cynical expression on Chen 's face .
va	I	I can 't but help feel involved somehow . '
va	I	Bode watched as they slowly began to forward crawl .
va	I	I shuck jacket my off , ball it up , and toss it onto the bed .
va	O	She wanted this whole thing to disappear -- not become the biggest case AHS has ever seen .
va	O	His garbled speech is barely comprehensible .
va	O	But I couldn 't figure out how to make myself do any of those things .
va	I	If it truly were a tale of worth , the people would come , keep and coming .
va	O	Then her shoulders slumped , and she covered her eyes with her hand .
va	O	Gabe laughed , cutting off when I turned to him .
va	O	I like my life the way it is .
va	O	He couldn 't put his finger on the difference , didn 't know exactly what it was , but it scared him .
va	O	If his plan was to embarrass me , it had certainly worked .
va	I	He stared at me , weighing words my .
va	O	Sampson wondered if they were triplets or if all dragons of this world were purple or just ones living in this particular area .
va	O	As expected , Josie whipped her head from side to side .
va	O	It was a shock that he 'd chosen his university not because it was close to his girlfriend but because it was what he could afford .
va	O	With a baffled glance in Jace 's direction , she held out her bare arm .
va	I	Her heart leaped at the grin wide on his face .
va	O	The majority of the pictures looked like they 'd been taken by one of the Foxes themselves .
va	I	When he finished , he got up from behind the kit and pressed Stop Rewind and , and then Play .
va	O	Alexandra studied the glowing object and saw it was another of the spiders .
va	I	Something was missing , something more than a table a or painting .
va	I	It is all I that can deliver to you for now .
va	I	But what do I know beauty about ?
va	I	Mark in nodded agreement .
va	I	Gray stepped off the elevator and into home his .
va	O	His fingers moved across the thermal images .
va	I	Anxiety crawled down my spine , and I my shook head , dismissing the thoughts .
va	I	His face was somewhat gaunt , but he looked healthy as he studied the computer in front him of .
va	I	He walked her around .
va	O	Do you think you ' ll marry Ruby ?
va	O	The curtains had not only kept the light at bay , they also had prevented the house from warming .
va	O	The Shadow became aware that it was holding a nice set of cashmere pyjamas .
va	O	Everything is bathed in golden light and more colorful than any 3D scene I 'd ever imagined .
va	I	He up crinkled his nose .
va	I	The three of us were for silent a moment .
va	I	There were grumbles of dissatisfaction among the Angels of Sin , those who delivered souls Hell to .
va	I	said Sardines , to struggling get up .
va	O	I followed , feeling like I was in trouble with the principal .
va	O	She was a scared little girl who had made some bad choices and didn 't know what to do .
va	I	An old shot his of parents and more recent ones of Joe and Nell .
va	I	And they couldn have 't known I would show up at the farm in the middle of the night .
va	I	He released his hold on my nape only to place his on hands my hips . .
va	O	It was the wooden dove Gertrude wore at her chest .
va	I	Gabrielle pushed her forward plate .
va	I	She in laughed her throat .
va	I	As far as she was concerned , had whatever been between them was now over .
va	O	And she would have .
va	O	I slipped behind him ever so quietly and shot the bastard in the back of my head with my Webley .
va	I	The foundation of a was building visible in the dirt here , a depression in the earth too closely resembled the shape of a house there .
va	I	My chest tightened anticipation with .
va	O	At the time she 'd been shot and fleeing toward the only man she could trust .
va	I	If it weren 't for the Metal ica T-shirt and frayed jeans , he might have looked like he seated belonged behind the wheel of a tractor .
va	O	Sam pictured the tall brunette .
va	O	Abby pushed a button , sending the surveillance footage into fast-forward while I stayed perfectly still , watching Summer Me sleeping and pacing .
va	I	Her gaze landed on that dent little in his cheek again .
va	I	He took her and arm led her to his car .
va	O	Don 't cry , all right ?
va	I	His chest stops moving , no air going in out or .
va	I	In a blur , she yanked the the door rest of the way open and stepped onto the porch .
va	I	We really were , really in trouble .
va	I	I 'm supposed to be focusing Brent on .
va	I	However , I couldn 't take focus my off the little boy enough to worry what to do about them .
va	I	She bumping was into me .
va	I	She never did drink that glass water of .
va	I	They reached the hotel and blatantly she ignored him as she checked in .
va	I	Ashley pointed to the couch , which a had blanket and a pillow on it .
va	I	I just 'm plain beat into the ground by you smart thinking women , I can 't understand .
va	I	This view of him was perfection his with back to me and his head bent furtively scrawling in sharpie across the notepad .
va	I	She pressed her lips his on frosty cheek .
va	O	Unfortunately , Margaret Jarrod had died of cancer when Melissa was two and she had grown up without the love and nurturing guidance of a mother .
va	I	They stopped in front the of exit door that led to the stairs .
va	I	It 's amazing how stupid people can be times at !
va	I	Mali waved on them .
va	I	He jerked against her , shuddering with every wrenching pulse , his hands fisting in the bedclothes on side either of her head .
va	I	Ever since Mom left , he got scared easily so .
va	I	She didn 't answer first at .
va	O	You 're in the right department .
va	I	Something hit him hard in his side , penetrating his rib cage , breaking bones as went it .
va	O	She had just pushed the send button when it was yanked away from her .
va	O	It wasn 't like we were enemies , but Ash had hard feelings even after I 'd done everything I could to make things right .
va	I	Nate gaped in at surprise his friend .
va	I	Adele 's brown watched eyes Ashe , prepared to weigh his answer .
va	I	Each them of wore a pair of strange goggles , and one of them -- the one not carrying a gun -- wore a floppy brown hat .
va	O	But all carnivals had a Ferris wheel , a merry-go-round , and two or three other rides that squeaked and rattled and generally terrified all the mothers .
va	O	He could be anywhere by now .
va	O	I hold back my tears .
va	I	His left rose eyebrow , but Seth never stopped fondling her breast leisurely .
va	O	It 's something to show the children .
va	O	Scott and Timothy both wear a suit and tie , and Brooke wears a classic black dress .
va	I	Do you think I was happier any ?
va	O	Surprisingly , he pushed the ball off the tee .
va	O	Why am I worried about how I look ?
va	I	Small gators step on the backs of gators big .
va	I	He wishes would people treat me the same .
va	I	Her eyes were the only part of her which moved , tracking the dragons great ' passage overhead .
va	I	He been has for years .
va	I	His fingers as tingled the sensation intensified .
va	O	Maybe I 'm not lost at all .
va	I	Oh , it no 's good !
va	O	Thirteen Kurt exited the cab and stood on the curb in front of the Bull and Gate .
va	I	The who man had touched her , shown her just how amazing two people could be together .
va	I	At that Lucy moment Turner arrived back and stood in the line .
va	O	I hid behind a tree , keeping my knives in hand , ready to help where I could .
va	I	He hard flinched with Kaylee gripping the base of the broken glass .
va	O	Not knowing why , my body prepared to run .
va	I	Still , I wasn 't about to them use for cover .
va	O	He snatched it from me , turning it over and back .
va	O	It was very good .
va	O	Nana 's face creased into a frown .
va	I	She saw the arousal his fill eyes as he stared at her stomach .
va	O	There was no way of knowing if I was fabricating the memories from stories I had been told , but they seemed real to me .
va	O	The warmer temperatures had held during the night , but now a chilly wind was beginning to blow .
va	I	If that dude thinks the Virgin Mary is going to it give up , he 's going to have a shriveled up dick while waiting .
va	O	She was halfway down the ladder when the smell drifted across her face in a sickly cloud .
va	O	He 'd been so preoccupied he hadn 't even heard anyone approach .
va	O	She knew he would always try .
va	O	Things began to point at the Lone Star State in a big way now .
va	O	I rushed out of the door and Luke followed me down the stairs .
va	I	But I don care 't .
va	O	He laughed one low note .
va	O	A little too loud .
va	O	And her voice ... Something familiar there .
va	O	Miss Foster thinks it 's just nerves and that she 'll perk up in a week or two .
va	O	She didn 't expect Easter decoration on the table .
va	I	How his laughter brightened had her world .
va	I	She just knew there had to be something wrong with child the .
va	O	Didn 't you hear the house almost split in half ?
va	I	The door front loomed but it was the most dangerous exit .
va	I	Everything go could on as planned as long as Grace was happy .
va	I	But why subterfuge the ?
va	I	My phone chirps on coffee the table .
va	O	Then she patted my cheek and walked out the door .
va	O	But the last couple of years I 've felt detached from everything .
va	I	He guided the rapidly descending Wind Breaker port to , swinging down behind the main envelope , then out and away .
va	I	Hanna held them up , letting them sparkle in the light overhead .
va	I	Spencer had been lolling around in what had to appeared be an alcoholic haze for days .
va	O	How did they exist knowing that the specter of death constantly haunted them ?
va	I	There was even sugar and powdered available milk , and she sat at the table to enjoy the meal .
va	I	That 'd mean traveling down the Amazon to some native remote village with half naked women .
va	I	' Government are offices not open in Australia on Saturdays and Sundays , ' Abdul reported .
va	I	As the two men walked away , he slammed his hood down then shielded his face from the glowing sun in blazing the cloudless sky .
va	O	She bent low , her palm just above the glass , and began to move her fingers in the same rhythm she often used with the spheres .
va	I	She sighs and away looks , turning to the food in front of her instead .
va	O	I know that we don 't suit .
va	I	' I am but ; not at you or the child .
va	I	But she never 'll admit it .
va	O	He paused , thinking , then sighed .
va	I	He did not seem concerned about the fact that was he losing right now .
va	I	The room very was quiet .
va	O	How could I set things right ?
va	O	Opal was the oldest among the known Old Ones , at four hundred .
va	O	Dragging his aching leg he quietly staggered forward .
va	O	Luckily , the chaplain took over .
va	I	He about looked at the surrounding doors , suddenly overcome with desperation .
va	O	Outside was the field where the boys and their father had played football on fall afternoons like this one .
va	I	Who is all white them girls ?
va	I	But sleeping letting meant go of control , and he wasn 't too certain that all the systems were fully functional yet .
va	O	How long would it take ?
va	O	The voices of the children playing outside in the snow came through the windows .
va	O	He opened his mouth in an attempt to respond , but he quickly shut it again as he processed what I was saying to him .
va	I	I to try cobble together a sympathetic look , but it 's harder than I thought it would be .
va	O	She could feel it 's beating under the soft black velvet of his doublet that was being crushed by her fingertips .
va	O	Simon had watched Todd , Fin , and Ian bury the knight struck down the previous day in the same manner .
va	O	The windows in the main hall were too high , too narrow .
va	O	The weather in Colorado was unpredictable , as storms moved in quickly and left the next day .
va	O	I didn 't mean to snap .
va	I	The two boys looked tattered and dirty had and taken food out of the trash can to eat .
va	O	I hear your breathing get faster as well .
va	I	She knew now how he had followed her home and how he had gotten into her house when the doors and were windows locked .
va	O	The moon still shone , though it seemed duller now .
va	I	She washed up and put on clean and jeans a sweater .
va	I	But then someone him interrupted .
va	I	I had taking been Van 's friendship for granted .
va	O	As they slowly walked to the door , Sylvia studied the carved wooden moldings that ran along the top of each wall .
va	I	She 't couldn think .
va	O	On second thought , he decided something warm might be preferable .
va	O	I mumble to myself before getting situated with my shower curtain that 's now my blanket .
va	O	Jack might not kill her before the full moon , but he could be doing anything to her in the meantime .
va	O	It isn 't what it isn 't .
va	O	It was a distinct possibility .
va	O	He was right , she didn 't want to know , but she couldn 't let it go .
va	O	The greatest fear that Josiah had ever felt filled his gut .
va	I	He had always seemed so and strong so able .
va	I	Frankly , they have could been discussing cookware for all I know .
va	I	She 't hadn expected to enjoy her meal with Max , but she had .
va	I	But you tonight 're totally different .
va	I	She was in a room used for all kinds of sexual kinky acts .
va	O	What response would he have ?
va	O	I didn 't answer , I just kept glaring , holding on to my argument and waiting for an opening .
va	O	Chapter Eight Angel rule # 8 : Face your charge head-on .
va	I	She walked through the city park basking in sunlight the .
va	O	She nodded with a feeble thanks and he helped himself out of the house .
va	O	He sipped his brandy .
va	I	Robyn hands 's went to the cord and untied it .
va	O	I watch him through lowered lashes .
va	O	He no longer heard the sound of the brush whisking over the horse 's coat .
va	I	And even if he had , they hadn 't been friends real .
va	O	They were telling us we have crossed into their lands , although I think they now fear us more than they did originally .
va	I	Restraining the to urge pump the air with his fist , Sebastian palmed her back and eyed the nearest exit .
va	O	I couldn 't lose it again .
va	O	Richard paused for a moment , listening for a response .
va	O	She found herself smiling right in the middle of her grandfather 's and cousin 's squabbling .
va	O	She didn 't hear the pilot turn on the fasten seatbelt sign .
va	O	He had spent the last week taking messages between two sisters who were having an argument .
va	O	The black cat 's eyes were filled with terror .
va	I	Bob was still thinking about the merits of Our Town vs. The Matchmaker as he drove down the road winding that led to Cranberry Point .
va	I	But on his call her to earlier that day she 'd learned that even he couldn 't always avoid depression .
va	O	The last thing he needed was to get into it with Robert Huntington .
va	O	Nothing she read or watched had prepared her for what she was feeling .
va	O	Because to me driving meant growing up and I didn 't want to grow up .
va	O	Mac couldn 't believe she was going to pilot the shuttle anywhere .
va	I	He handed us a pair of keys after he had opened two the doors .
va	O	He headed toward the mall 's anchor store .
va	O	Who was this heartless Cesare Borgia ?
va	I	He wraps his fingers in curly my hair and pulls , just a little .
va	I	Right now , was Zane focused on Ty , and that anger appeared to be totally gone , replaced by something milder .
va	O	The crow nodded its head vigorously .
va	I	Love went help to but she stepped to one side .
va	O	Cars were parked along the side .
va	I	Then a soft , cold breeze brushed into the and dojo carried a small piece of paper across the floor .
va	I	You know picking a fight with someone would who cower and back down , or that he could quickly whip .
va	O	I have never been so hard .
va	I	I wish with all my heart that I could say I have the done same thing .
va	O	Their grips were unnecessarily tight , but she didn 't say anything else .
va	I	I saved you down in Mexico and you didn 't even stick around enough long to thank me .
va	O	This was the dreaded scenario , but the response was already decided .
va	I	Sean eyes 's lower as I do it .
va	I	But when she would have stood , Lady Melly snatched at her arm and pulled her down back into her seat .
va	O	He moved closer as well , the corner of his lip raised .
va	O	Even her voice was prettier than mine .
va	O	I hear footsteps running down the hall .
va	O	' Er ... fine , ' he said .
va	O	Lisa finished the first half of her sandwich .
va	O	His eyes gleamed with eagerness .
va	I	He ripped the record the from turntable and threw it across the room as hard as he could .
va	I	She wore a bright red suit with black pumps , but her hair in looked need of attention .
va	O	Do you think Reacher Gilt will hesitate for one minute to swat you ? '
va	I	The wall had holes blown out it of .
va	I	I 'll make for it you .
va	O	If he said he could lock her family away , the cell door was as good as shut .
va	O	I was thankful when he skipped to the point when he went to see Sara .
va	O	With his target distracted , Kane bursts out of hiding .
va	O	So he fights the system , trying to prove to us what a life should be worth and some idiot tries to be smart .
va	O	But if you 're willing to make trips over there , we could work together to open some minds , and that would be a good thing .
va	I	Inside the entrance , a man was bent over bicycle a held upside down in a rack specially built for the purpose .
va	I	Connor led off Maria the subway and to his surprise Lyudmila and Gennady were exiting the subway as well .
va	I	I wanted to yes say .
va	I	His body momentarily stilled at the sight and then he settled back into the bed and allowed some of the tension to ease of out him .
va	I	In his journalistic career , he had closely witnessed the lives of big mighty and of the society .
va	I	Maybe vampires really were dead when slept they .
va	I	At least , I 't didn think so .
va	I	It brought him back to reality in one kick quick .
va	I	Kane : Greek women weren 't treated very kindly - they considered were inferior .
va	I	He officially was over the events necessary to bury and say goodbye to his grandmother .
va	I	I 'm going to stop the by bookstore and tell Stone the good news .
va	I	came the voice gravely from below .
va	I	I couldn keep 't from responding with my own soft smile .
va	I	Time to get on with life my .
va	I	Or is couldn it 't ?
va	O	Vanessa and Errol plunged to the ground in pursuit of the fallen weapon .
va	I	It was complicated too , doing a job that should be simple .
va	O	So I nodded and headed for the fridge .
va	O	That was real pain .
va	O	Seeing the success of the pattern , he threw two more to his sides where the men were thickest .
va	O	' You are stones , though you think you are men .
va	O	The commotion today was much , much worse than what she had heard last night .
va	I	There was a snapping thin sound and Buddy was free .
va	O	I take two wary steps on the path I 've been on , but halt when the sound of crunching twigs echoes through the ether .
va	I	I kept wondering if she 'd up slip and you 'd figure out that she wasn 't from our world .
va	O	And he wasn 't completely deaf anyway .
va	I	Toby her gave a look in apology , which she seemed to take .
va	I	It on was the day he 'd married Roberta Stanton .
va	O	I can still dream about that crazy right-hand waltz on nights when I 'm restless .
va	I	We continue to at stare it , trying to make sense of the gift and the contents inside of it .
va	I	Reaching into her jacket pocket , she out pulled a keycard .
va	I	I leave all the major for stuff the professionals , but I can sort papers and answer phones .
va	I	She the caught slightest glimpse of her clad in a beige bra and matching panties .
va	I	I nodded head my .
va	I	He leaned her head down so could he gently part her hair where the small cut was .
va	I	Another I subject didn 't want to get into .
va	I	She found herself looking forward to moving to the place new .
va	I	I sulked I as slid down the first available kitchen chair .
va	O	She could not see herself , winding up in a pit with hundreds of others .
va	O	Blonde , blue-eyed , curvy in all the right places .
va	I	Maia glanced behind her , where the wall of the was bar soaked with alcohol .
va	I	Callum carefully climbed from one section of floor to another , which had been down pushed to his level by recent weapons ' impact .
va	O	Harriet had stood in the village kirk and realized with a sudden pang that her father had found love again .
va	I	What was it like home back ?
va	O	I waited for the accompanying roll of thunder before I again scurried across the floor , this time aiming for the back door .
va	I	I think one part of the story comes from my fascination with how see people things .
va	I	Later , she 'd head back south to Fredericksburg to make use of 's Kaiser phone tap .
va	I	She walked her past brothers and down the stairs .
va	I	Greedy people are selfish ; they see themselves as more deserving others than so they spend their lives acquiring wealth in order to prove it .
va	O	I walk out the door without saying another word , the bandages beneath my shirt hidden , but I feel the pain .
va	O	Stop it , Karl ; it doesn 't work on me , idiot ! '
va	O	People stood in groups by the icon lamps lighting candles and occasionally leaving messages for the saints .
va	O	And you have much to do .
va	I	Adam slapped him the on back .
va	I	I wait for her to turn around and look at me she but doesn 't .
va	I	Emma squealed with pleasure before throwing her arms around Connor 's and neck squeezing him tight .
va	I	With the handles broken off so our officer would have to for call back up .
va	I	You will have power no once you are there .
va	I	Not an open to palm show peace , but a fist .
va	I	I open my eyes and see a sensor of some sort on ceiling the flashing a bright white light over and over again .
va	I	Remember the fuel MAV plant ?
va	I	Once inside , Simon nudged the door closed with behind his .
va	I	For some reason , Sibyl this believed .
va	I	He was wearing the dark same clothes he 'd had on the night before in the club .
va	I	It been had tried .
va	I	Get a condom fucking .
va	O	Ty nodded in agreement as his laughter trailed off .
va	O	Perry inquired smoothly when I returned to the check-in desk .
va	I	Maturity was overrated highly .
va	O	He has special needs .
va	I	I had threatened Blaine with every sort of punishment imaginable he if tried to cross us and I was pretty confident that he wouldn 't try anything .
va	I	' Yes , quite , ' eventually she said .
va	I	He settled glaring for at Nicky .
va	I	I don 't know why it such was a big deal .
va	O	His parents shipped off for training very young .
va	I	This was almost like standing in front of the Council , telling them how I felt when Weldon walking was into a trap .
va	O	After handing the dress over to a squealing Vanessa , I notice that Ty 's frowning , so I decide to make an exit .
va	O	Wasn 't enduring it once enough ?
va	I	It would be better for her body to ache and her mind to remember that she would have to go without she ... could go without .
va	I	It was either a coincidence his or eyes were broken again .
va	O	Maybe reality is trying to tell me something .
va	O	He noticed the youngest of them was visibly trembling .
va	I	I my shook head .
va	O	Much of the town was destroyed and drowned when the waters receded .
va	O	I meant no disrespect .
va	I	Sorry trying for to save your ass .
va	O	Waldo had long , wispy white hair that was almost the same color as his skin .
va	I	The crashing vibrations consumed me in huge one powerful wash of energy .
va	I	Samuel out drew a square of rolling paper from a box in his crate .
va	O	Some were clearly murder ; others were questionable , with no visible signs of struggle or attack .
va	I	I 'd offer you help but how help much can I offer someone that is taking advanced courses and is one of the smartest people I know ?
va	I	But they can 't just laughing stop that I 'm beginning to hate them !
va	O	There was a heavy stillness to the air inside despite the wind that was now freely entering from the coast .
va	I	' Who Peaches 's ? '
va	O	Mark had told me it was only available as an EBook on Amazon and had been published just over two weeks ago .
va	O	The Sun was food and at the moment , she hated food and what had been done to her .
va	O	Mr. Steiner has been arrested because he did something illegal .
va	I	Not they because 're trying to steal it !
va	I	Sasha jumped to his feet and pushed at a thick of hanging vines .
va	O	She 'd been moving on autopilot for hours , had lost feeling in her legs long ago .
va	I	Helen didn speak 't again .
va	O	There were a few scrawny dogs wandering about and some equally scrawny children .
va	O	He was punching a heavy bag , which swung back and forth in slow , ponderous arcs as he danced around it , hitting with vicious intensity .
va	O	Alix didn 't blame Susan Turner ; she had concerns of her own in that department .
va	I	I wanted to show them that they wouldn 't tear me down and this wreck experience .
va	O	Neither of us was that crazy .
va	O	He glanced around and lowered his voice .
va	O	Had he ever been so in need of a woman before ?
va	I	He shot his elbow into Argos 's face , the and man slumped on his seat , unconscious .
va	O	he said through his teeth .
va	O	This could be the end .
va	I	Grabbing the one she poured had for herself , she sat at the foot of the table .
va	I	Brenden from stands the table and walks towards me .
va	I	Mark was stalking past to talk to the on guard the gate , ignoring the anonymous soldier .
va	I	He kissed me on the top of my head and told me everything would be right all .
va	I	He smiled over her and neck did as she asked .
va	O	If they adjusted at all .
va	I	She turned back toward the house then but stopped .
va	O	I 'm glad Todd called me .
va	I	They ran from either side of the Keep flush with the edge the of plateau on which the city sat .
va	O	This was the real man .
va	O	The plane had reached its rotation speed and Taylor felt the reassuring positive resistance from the control surfaces in his hands and feet .
va	I	The words of greeting froze on her lips and she turned the into hallway .
va	O	Some says she had boyfriend and she broke up with him .
va	O	But even all of this the Prince would have been able to endure , had not insult been added to injury .
va	I	He had come to that conclusion by the sheer power of thought logical .
va	I	Coral stood , somberly , dressed in a under simple tunic , waiting patiently .
va	O	His skin showed black and blue around the needle and his vein stood out , blue under his white skin beyond the bruise .
va	O	Blood and bone splattered the two cannons in a characteristically horrific pattern of death and destruction .
va	O	Instead he settled for a sullen look , seething as only a boy of eleven years can seethe .
va	O	Emma asks , although no one can neither hear nor see her .
va	O	Ty didn 't respond as he met Zane 's eyes .
va	O	So , my young adventurer , as you do not have a car licence , we might have to rely on public transport between Germany and Italy .
va	I	He 's fighting for so much than more himself .
va	I	- isn It 't a famous city .
va	O	It must be Sasha .
va	I	I can handle 't it anymore .
va	I	Cloud his turned head quickly .
va	I	Hye Soon wanted to be a teacher , molding young minds and steering toward them their destiny .
va	I	He her grasped arm .
va	I	I felt still weak though .
va	I	Derek shook head his .
va	O	I can feel his even breath on the back of my neck .
va	O	Not even our husbands .
va	I	Don 't think , just turn and around walk toward me , then keep going .
va	I	Each of you already have the apartments largest on the Station .
va	O	His gaze didn 't come off threatening , just evaluating .
va	O	I bobbed my head to signal I was following .
va	O	The front of the crowd , with Constanta in the lead , followed him , without giving a second look back at their former home .
va	O	Helen was smiling broadly at her .
va	O	An elderly woman walked into the kitchen through the back door .
va	I	Even we as arrived at his house , locking ourselves inside , the sirens sounded as if they were right outside the door .
va	I	' I 't can believe this ... I can 't believe this ... . '
va	I	As I dressed I tried to not focus on how weird this whole thing was .
va	I	I dragged my hands down face my .
va	I	I didn 't where know she would keep things like that .
va	O	The roaring in her head started to fade .
va	I	It was early evening when Jack first spotted the Virginian infantry marching down road the .
va	O	They brought food in once but no one said anything .
va	O	Noel and his great-grandfather were in the middle of the small column .
va	O	I closed my eyes .
va	O	It was presented at a conference for lawyers , though it sounds more like social research .
va	I	He shrugged , still turned to face oncoming the danger .
va	I	' What do you mean manipulate by events ? '
va	I	He bent over a table that in tavern , and I saw the outline of the thing under his silk robe . '
va	I	* You have task the of keeping Gray and the Black Widow leashed .
va	I	It so was hard being without her .
va	I	He looked be to a businessman .
va	I	Two So we sold condo our and emptied our bank account to pay for the entry fee .
va	I	Their general assumption became that offending the assassin had to be in the woods beyond the standing stones .
va	O	Vincent performed some of the dirtier jobs of the Turks and took many odd assignments to foreign places , where he seemed to be the happiest .
va	O	I reach out in front of me , and iridescent sparkles cover my hand .
va	O	The presenter still had more to say .
va	O	Now the discussion with Stephen started to niggle afresh .
va	O	His voice gained strength and confidence .
va	O	Aiden said nothing just kept on climbing .
va	O	The front of the boat tipped , then plunged over the waterfall .
va	I	He her studied contoured curves .
va	O	They didn 't have a chance .
va	O	It 's been a long day .
va	I	The man slid inch by inch down the bar to plop onto the floor as blue powder smoke in swirled the open space .
va	I	She touched again Kylie .
va	O	Coach Graham pursed his lips and swallowed hard .
va	O	No driveways , no roads , no garages .
va	I	As we walked back , I looked over to where had Bob been hidden .
va	I	Had she not just been cavorting in his arms as though her was life entirely dependent upon his kisses ?
va	I	I it imagined was the sound of a vampire about to detonate .
va	O	She couldn 't help but admit that stroked her ego .
va	O	But where was Mia ?
va	O	My phone rang , cutting off my next response .
va	O	I heard a girl 's voice above me .
va	I	She exited the room chat .
va	O	That 's when Tommy went all crazy for rock and roll and city life .
va	I	He caught the bartender 's eye , lifted his nearly empty glass and held two up fingers .
va	I	You cannot take his life that like .
va	O	Now your favourite pants , skirt , leggings , panties , jockey shorts are covered in fresh feces .
va	O	A craving that could never be satisfied .
va	I	Julie and reached Emily out and grabbed Dana 's hands and shook them with glee .
va	I	The winners will their keep stamps .
va	O	The truth settled in his heart , warming places that had always been cold .
va	O	Oh , that please ... He 'd seen the way her expression softened when he 'd uttered that word .
va	O	But if you do , you will be unable to get out unless you have someone on the other end to help you .
va	O	She twirled in a circle midair and felt completely competent .
va	I	The handgun lifted and bullets began off pinging metal .
va	O	But maybe they would find a new and better life .
va	O	The furniture here is heavy and there is a sitting area filled with photos in stacks on the end tables .
va	O	She pushed herself up with her arms and looked around , taking stock .
va	O	Why don 't you move over with the cowboy ?
va	I	I vaguely recalled Stefan 's words , explaining that his maker had been killed by Council the .
va	O	Farrah was a looker , and they got along fairly well .
va	O	Rock flipped them over .
va	O	Why don 't I call John and see if he and Julie want to join us ?
va	I	I 'm not that brave to follow lead his .
va	O	The bobby was down on one knee nearly throttling the young fellow .
va	O	Windows to the soul .
va	O	I shine my cell phone into the dumpster behind the Italian restaurant .
va	I	Love poured out of her when they together crested .
va	I	Only a left minute !
va	I	He gazed down at the woman he 'd the spent most amazing night with .
va	I	She was for waiting something .
va	I	Witches 't couldn light candles , Vampires couldn 't intimidate , Werewolves couldn 't transform and Ghosts couldn 't appear .
va	O	Yvan knew about this .
va	O	Mavis clears her throat .
va	O	Helene drew a deep breath .
va	I	The broccoli looked always that color here , as if it were spray-painted or made of plastic .
va	O	Hunter ran past Violet , knocking her to the ground with one elbow jab , and over to Rachel , to unlock her from the ground .
va	I	He slowly set me down , sliding my down body his .
va	I	Fucking him wildly so .
va	O	Marcello asked , giving me a look but managing to suppress any comment on my unhealthy sheen and pallor .
va	O	We both rushed down to the hall and found Lilly sitting beside herself looking lonely .
va	O	But everyone in the Calderon Valley named their furies .
va	I	Or at I least thought .
va	I	He listened vaguely , still drinking those in flickering visions of little Danika .
va	O	She re-appeared after all these long lost years .
va	I	The plane jerked and jumped its on way down .
va	I	I didn 't like the sound of silence that .
va	O	Now look , the troubles are waiting for me .
va	O	She 'd never needed anyone like she needed him at that moment .
va	O	But I couldn 't stay in this hot , loud , bright room any longer .
va	I	You have one day call to that number .
va	I	Father took my shoulders his in broad , scarred hands .
va	I	We have a lion mighty to lead and protect us .
va	I	Or I would open the paper to the lacrosse scores and would it hit me -- lacrosse ?
va	O	Jewell wished she could be as sophisticated as this woman .
va	I	He paused in the of lee a stand of trees to recover .
va	O	Liza briefed Amanda on the current transit strike , giving her tips on how to avoid the disrupted areas .
va	I	Her inner walls gave by inch inch , stretching and wrapping around him as they frantically worked to accommodate his size .
va	I	Only spiders slowly advancing like the old-fashioned monsters in some kind of B-grade movie on a Saturday at night the drive-in .
va	O	And he intended to take her a million times .
va	I	What the hell would she do it with , even if she had it ?
va	O	He should have known they 'd collect as much evidence as possible .
va	O	Zack was just as surprised at how much he 'd said to Annie .
va	I	He wasn 't sure , why he did it , only that he an wanted edge of some kind in case things got worse .
va	I	Jeff stopped stared and at her .
va	O	The vision began to fade but not before Grace saw the door behind the counter close .
va	O	' What if I say something wrong , or do something wrong .
va	O	As despair took hold and the realisation that he 'd taken the wrong tunnel hit him , something caught his ear .
va	O	They cheered and yelled and paced back and forth , their adrenaline and untamed nature taking over their more civilized half .
va	O	He walked into Joe 's and within seconds he heard the feminine laughter and distinctive voices .
va	I	I need to be Jones Arden , not Bill Aston 's woman or that Air Force chick .
va	O	The dead hollow lay just feet away , its tentacles splayed like starfish arms from beneath the boulder that had crushed it .
va	I	Jeff at glanced Gustav .
va	O	She held Jake by his arm and gestured him to stop there .
va	O	The vibration shot through my body like a bullet all the way up my spine .
va	I	The monitors never were all green , which indicated no problems existed .
va	O	' I 'll make it a sandwich , ' I said quickly , pulling the plate back .
va	O	' I haven 't seen anyone from High Forest since the war ended three years ago .
va	I	She tried to focus on the image of herself tapping away on the computer keys , remember what data from apart the date she was inputting .
va	O	Franco took the ball on a quick dive to the right , did not fumble , but instead showed an astounding ability to stay on his feet .
va	O	And I had found true love at sixteen .
va	O	Father of adults ( Episode IV : A New Hope ) Your reward for those tumultuous Anakin years is a much more willing subject , Luke .
va	I	What a surprise see to you again .
va	O	Looping his thumbs inside the waistband of his frayed jeans , he turned his back on Jake and headed for the range .
va	I	Ian found me when the hour was up , and I feigned disappointment having at to leave .
va	O	The rain had begun in earnest .
va	O	He was going to get up there , that was all there was to it .
va	O	But she seemed to have lost sight of him altogether , focusing in another direction .
va	O	As they rode , Chance gave several hesitant glances at the young Marshall , wrestling with waves of conflicting emotions .
va	O	Before I head outside to wait for Silas , I cover her with a blanket and grab a couple of sodas from the barren fridge .
va	I	She a smiled little .
va	I	That should keep her from calling house the and messing up my cover story -- if it was a cover story .
va	O	' It is a kind of fairy , but they 're not the sweet kind .
va	O	One day he forgot he had taken the file from the safe , and I found it .
va	I	Her fingers flexed about the reins but forced she herself to relax .
va	O	My mate lies dead from their abuse of her .
va	O	He was starting with this again ?
va	I	He knew from the minute that found Brendan him that he hadn 't been serious about bringing him back to the camp .
va	O	He caught her fingers and placed them on his signet ring .
va	I	Dressed in a simple muslin day gown and bathed in indirect sunlight , she looked young as as when they 'd first met .
va	I	I nodded , letting him over fuss me .
va	O	Get in the car and we 'll go together .
va	I	I really attracted strange men , and I 't couldn understand why that was .
va	O	Patrick stroked a thumb over the pulse in her wrist .
va	I	She jumped away from his erotic touch , quickly but leaned back against him , spreading her legs wider , silently asking for more .
va	O	Just in front of the table was a larger square , made of black marble and embossed with a parabolic design of silver stars .
va	O	His head hurt and he saw large brown circles in front of his ' eyes .
va	I	My emotions were on a up wild and down ride .
va	O	He kicked with his free leg , pounding the wall with his foot .
va	O	But of course he 's teaching me a lesson .
va	I	Hud pointed Charles toward home and again nudged him once more .
va	I	He spooned the soup everyone into 's bowls , as they talked quietly to their neighbours .
va	O	Her eyes flickered with abhorrence as they washed over me .
va	O	Frowning , the clerk shook her head .
va	I	There was nothing for her to but do bide her time .
va	I	The speed of her response to touch his surged through him .
va	O	He buzzed past a commercial for dandruff shampoo .
va	I	' How do mountains get the on ground ? '
va	O	I followed the receptionist into a large room .
va	O	But you know Emery .
va	I	People who 've tried what you did today have ended up in places ranging from hospitals to wards mental .
va	O	Dane held her tight against his chest .
va	I	I don 't blame her for being angry , or for struggling , being for confused .
va	O	I look across to see her lying on the giant bed against the far wall , sleeping soundly .
va	O	It simply happened , coming forth from her as naturally as if she 'd planned and practiced the crafting for weeks .
va	O	He slipped out the door an onto the street , joining dozens of other colorful citizens as they made their way home .
va	O	I didn 't offer him a chair .
va	I	He strolled to over the other man and when he spoke , he made sure it was just loud enough for Emma to overhear the conversation .
va	O	It stuck to her hands as if it had been nailed there .
va	I	Paul glanced Adam at sadly .
va	I	But her hand passed right through , just like it the had last time she tried to touch him .
va	I	The idea distracted me , and my hands fell to the dresser to over curl the edge I leaned against .
va	I	He might be planning next his kill now .
va	O	His smile got even wider .
va	O	Deep claw marks covered his chest and abdomen .
va	I	Victoria narrowed eyes her .
va	O	He itched to help them in the coming war even though he didn 't see how he could be of any assistance .
va	O	I fell forward into the wall of the cave bouncing onto the ground face first .
va	I	He spat the words at her like she was garbage she while lay curled on her side , crying .
va	O	I touched the middle of her sternum .
va	I	There a was dreadful crunching noise and Alexia grimaced .
va	I	She nodded lowered and her eyes .
va	I	My shoulders slump as comes Ben back .
va	I	The iron smell of his own blood coated nostrils his .
va	I	Cooper Industries in believes clean and green chemical plants .
va	I	But Caroline would never have someone chosen like him for Avery .
va	I	The rear wall of the was office paneled in maple .
va	I	Rabbit reached the back wall the of building and paused .
va	O	I picked up my glass and took a drink .
va	O	He stared some more .
va	O	Especially when she was beginning to experience more desire than fear now that they were out in the relative safety of the public .
va	I	This was not tender lovemaking ; it was carnal a fucking .
va	O	I hold on tight to March while the wind whips against my face .
va	I	Dad and turned I and watched .
va	I	Now only mere inches away , she looked over this prone form and saw she what had been hoping not to see .
va	I	He fell back on the time-honored code of the soldier : if someone steals your kit , steal someone 's else .
va	O	For a long moment , they all silently stared into the woods as if facing an adversary .
va	O	I hear him climb over the seat .
va	O	Her fingers were caustic , destroying everything she touched .
va	I	The dog walked next a to woman with long hair .
va	O	It 's great to have a steady job , and I 'm enjoying teaching , but I don 't have any friends left here .
va	I	She her stopped intrepid pacing and let out a tiny , forced laugh .
va	I	Tiny when relaxed he saw her expression .
va	O	She hesitated as though she was going to stand up and give him a proper send-off , but he didn 't allow her the chance .
va	I	she asks , rubbing her over hand her stomach .
va	I	Duncan stopped , obviously listening to something said Tara .
va	O	Selena didn 't have time to protest before he was pulling her toward the crowd and right to the center of the dance floor .
va	O	That was , like , the best I could dish out .
va	I	She wanted the Angel to appear so badly that it was a depressing that possibility she had just dreamed up the whole thing .
va	I	Each heavy step crunching the gravel beneath brought him closer and closer until it was too late for them run to .
va	I	Stacy watching was me , her blue eyes intent .
va	O	I felt a yearning in my loins as I stared at her naked body .
va	O	It was because the second-in-command knew what the meeting that Master Kitsune called was about .
va	O	Stick to our African work and our training institutes .
va	I	And every love second .
va	I	He had doubt no it had been Teresa .
va	I	The little girl Madison with glared at him .
va	I	He died left and me alone .
va	O	People stood in their way , wanting to talk to them .
va	I	She was now dripping diamonds in and looked every inch the famous pop star .
va	I	And gestured Donald for the door .
va	O	- But I think don 't every hairstyle would be advantageous for me .
va	I	The two men tumbled onto slippery the grass .
va	I	Her heart literally skipped a couple beats of and she held her breath .
va	O	I nod and open the door .
va	O	It seemed silly , but I let it go .
va	I	A on knock the door interrupted the professor before he could explain .
va	I	Just then , she glimpsed a group of guys leaving a fraternity house three doors down , on the side other of the street .
va	I	Then I heard door a slam and it got quiet .
va	O	I can 't do this .
va	O	Instead , they made the same ride they had on their first day together , through the stands of trees , toward the river .
va	O	Since his admission to the town hospital yesterday afternoon , there had been no improvement in his condition .
va	O	I just needed to stand there for a moment with my head pressed against the wall and my arms dangling at my sides .
va	I	We made a right , then right another , and stopped before a large building .
va	O	He hadn 't gotten to hurt the creatures as he 'd so desperately craved .
va	I	Dec took his time wandering around room the as if he was looking for someone .
va	I	' Quadruple what we 're now selling , ' Johnny said .
va	I	What else could she or say do ?
va	O	The odds are against me but , like my dad , I plan on cheating probability .
va	O	She was ready to dry hump just about anything .
va	O	His recent visits had confirmed that .
va	O	Its shape changed , many times in the fractions of a second .
va	O	He makes threats of kicking me out as he spits in my face .
va	I	She was on control birth .
va	I	Those of us who lived there still were cared about and we always would be .
va	I	Lynn asked urgently more .
va	I	I moaned slightly and arched my back .
va	O	Then his elation fades and unexpectedly he 's leaning toward me .
va	O	Tie rock to tail and throw kitty in lake .
va	O	The fastening is removed , and one-half of the window , which opens like folding doors , is swung wide open upon its hinges .
va	I	They then hurried off , leaving two guarding Hiro Soul and , and two guarding the door .
va	I	Probably buddies who weren 't for up Manhattan rents .
va	I	I a aim doubtful look at him and arch my eyebrows .
va	O	' -- just sat there for a minute on set during the ads trying to decode these 32 numbers while drinking coffee and scoffing donuts . '
va	O	She couldn 't hide the betrayal in her eyes .
va	O	So we had to make this work .
va	I	There was no way he could go to his death in peace if he knew she was left behind , and confused hurting .
va	O	And , yet , they were in keeping with what she knew him to be : proud , tough , private .
va	I	Paul laughed and slapped one of his across friends the chest .
va	I	' That 's noble very .
va	I	It 's just north of here a couple miles of .
va	I	With some ceremony he a donned pair of spectacles .
va	O	She looked at the can of peaches tucked under her arm , remembering her task .
va	I	Noah sweeps my hair over one shoulder kisses and my neck .
va	O	I lifted the glass to my lips .
va	I	Fortunately life with Josh as part of community the eventually achieved a sort of precarious equilibrium .
va	O	Kara 's eyes filled with tears .
va	I	Determined to it like , he put it into the Panasonic music centre and turned up the volume .
va	O	At the basin 's center , a thorn fence enclosed twenty or so conical huts with grass roofs .
va	I	So hide behind the so fire red , rest assured of your safety here .
va	I	Smiling , he pushed chair his back and rose to his feet .
va	I	Maybe the not way I wanted , but he said it .
va	I	Go out your with friends .
va	I	The rest stop was completely raided , but we the thought soda machines might still have had some soda in them .
va	I	The radiator was toast and the body scrunched looked but the engine was fine .
va	I	He staggered back against the wall to keep upright as his heart into climbed his throat , making it difficult to breath .
va	I	He only makes a small cry , because of my in parents the next room I suppose , and then releases me .
va	I	Sakura felt her heart thumping furiously in response , face her flushing with shame .
va	O	He offered us freedom to work and research with him but I knew it was a trap .
va	I	Getting on up time was not his main concern .
va	O	She lurched in the air .
va	I	An abrupt on touch my right arm made my heart lurch .
va	I	It 's a of way life for me .
va	I	Sherlock , still reclining Grace on 's lap , lazily opened one eye but didn 't object to Buttercup 's presence .
va	O	She held it out in front of her like a knight 's swift sword , intending to defend her honor .
va	I	He cooed and she rolled eyes her .
va	I	~ ~ ~ ~ It ~ dawned on me that I could have killed Luke .
va	I	No business of mine whether 've you gone insane - Just keep that leopard away from my leather .
va	I	Ashton hadn 't seen that TV many trucks since the other Yosemite murders a few years ago .
va	I	Before he could answer , she kissed his and cheek went into her room , closing the door .
va	O	He considered patting the spider on the back before realising they were enemies .
va	I	Painter the eyed mountain building behind them .
va	I	It must him kill to walk away , then , but he does it .
va	O	Tristram immediately came to a decision and indicated that they should move off while the hamsters were looking the other way .
va	I	Will , of course , had more one than goal .
va	O	It has to be something he created inside his head .
va	O	Sitting at a table in front of the stage she purposely dropped her lipstick .
va	I	She had not found the to chance talk to him alone yet .
va	I	Her brown golden eyes were cool and unwaveringly level .
va	O	What are those things ?
va	O	Walking always helped to vent her excess energy , so she decided to take a trip across town to look at the house again .
va	O	I 'd changed into their clothing but there was no way I was getting rid of my weapons .
va	I	Jack behind stood Eric , holding the arrow and bow .
va	O	But Tanya the police chief asked away , as though in truth she didn 't care one way or another about a mourning girl .
va	I	In my fall I saw my brother and sister able not to reach out to grab them and they did not even see me falling .
va	O	He kissed his daughter .
va	I	My head cocked to the side at those words two .
va	I	I mean , we could chasing be him all over the place . '
va	I	Perfect spans breath and pauses .
va	I	Dahlia dropped her gaze to the pictures held she in her hand .
va	O	She grabbed both of my hands and leaned into my ear .
va	I	As he moved slowly , she savored moment the , and the infinite care with which he treated her emboldened her .
va	O	Nothing on Renaissance passes up the chance for a meal .
va	O	He had slaughtered them all to stop the atrocities .
va	O	Roland and I were sort of the king and queen of Atlanta .
va	I	Sean came seconds later , his slick body with sweat , his eyes wide and dark blue .
va	I	Faustus pulled the door open walked and into the hallway .
va	I	Bose players CD were the only obsolete technology he loved .
va	O	Soon they left the city behind and turned onto a road guarded on either side by tall trees and open space .
va	I	My happy words faltered on my lips , but a few seconds later , a new joy spread me through .
va	I	Dorian tried not to as flinch his father studied him .
va	O	I try to slide one of the bullets into Francesca 's gun and the brass casing is just slightly too large for the holes .
va	O	I paused , unsure of what to say next .
va	O	The poor lady had suffered enough without having to worry that someone else knew her secret .
va	O	Geoff takes the news well and is looking forward to our returning to Darwin .
va	I	No ... Pounding approached footsteps .
va	I	I here 'm undercover .
va	I	There couldn be 't .
va	I	They and sat ate in silence .
va	O	Chapter 10 THE leader of the three men was middle-aged and average in appearance , a man Zane wouldn 't have looked at twice in passing .
va	I	Her usual sophistication deserted her as she thought of the lovely bolts of material that she could hardly wait to begin transforming into gowns beautiful .
va	I	I look into green his eyes .
va	O	I should probably put in a pizza order for later .
va	O	Said Sir Rupert absently as if unaware of the conversation going on .
va	O	By the time he left , he was pretty damn sure he was buzzed .
va	I	Leon bit a bird leg and passed to it Kane .
va	O	Why did she care if I was impressive or not ?
va	O	One evening after sunset , he ventured down to the underground level of the mansion .
va	O	I 'm particularly proud of this one .
va	O	He thumped his Bible with his knuckles .
va	O	I believe we covered this .
va	I	Even so , she to hurried alleviate any misconceptions .
va	I	When the call ended , I at stared the cell phone without seeing it for several moments .
va	I	The zombies were in the road and on both sides for what looked to be one or more city on blocks each side .
va	O	I did not heed him .
va	I	She bit lip her to keep from giving him directions to hell .
va	I	He just crawled off the bed and started dressed getting .
va	O	And there 's plenty of time for that .
va	O	I sat down at the conference table , put my hands flat on the tabletop .
va	I	I walked toward the of sound metal clanging .
va	I	Time passes quickly and we reach the stubby plant I have come to know and kind like of on the outskirts of the lake .
va	I	Jesse 's voice broke she as spoke .
va	I	With a Sylvia sniff lifted her head .
va	O	Then again , he wasn 't exactly operating in the bounds of reality at the moment , so he imagined it didn 't matter .
va	I	A of memory gunshots at the house Mason took me to flashed through my mind .
va	O	Elijah pulled himself out of his memories and into the present .
va	I	I was in ; luck it was a short red Alexander McQueen that Mom was sure to approve of .
va	I	She opened the and door walked in .
va	O	However , he could when he discovered I might never be cured .
va	I	Lia 't didn give in as easily .
va	I	Blood was dripping vividly the onto ground .
va	O	I 'd let go when we pulled into her driveway , but how could I be sure she wouldn 't bolt from the car .
va	O	The man who replaced him was steeped in ice , his lips turned downward in a half sneer .
va	O	It was a testament to Jamie 's amazingness that she said it with a straight face .
va	O	And right now , I needed to know everything he did .
va	O	Laurel tried to joke , though she was clearly shaken .
va	I	But I can promise you that Marcus Hardy loves you more than else anyone is ever going to love you .
va	O	I managed to get to my hands and knees before dizziness and terror and pain took hold , and I threw up on the hardwood floor .
va	I	he asked as withdrew he and thrust again .
va	O	I don 't even know how the hell you manage to go to school .
va	I	The engine roared and the tires spewed a up load of snow , and , for a second , dirt .
va	I	I worried lower my lip .
va	O	It was just a feeling she had , that she should make the trip .
va	O	I need to clear my head .
va	I	In the end , she decided she wouldn 't even try , not and just because of her injuries .
va	O	Kelly 's mother came walking in from the kitchen wiping her hands on a dishtowel .
va	I	You can 't just treat however me you please , Cale .
va	I	She just did seemed what right .
va	I	Ben held hands his up .
va	O	The mystery man came to stand beside Rose .
va	I	She felt a sudden apprehension as he drove across , but the Durango emerged onto the without road the slightest hesitation .
va	O	Without being able to put my finger on why , I was ready to believe the young technician now .
va	I	He was now shirtless and covered in soot , but Aidan could still see a smile spread his across lips as he approached .
va	I	I 't don know why .
va	O	He was driving himself mad .
va	I	It was first the thing he noticed .
va	O	Rory hesitated for a moment , biting her lip .
va	O	In the morning he took her to a cobbler .
va	I	I had with me Anthony , Hyde , Wilmot , and a handful of old royalists that served had my father .
va	I	Then , with a silent curse , he up got and went to the woman 's restroom .
va	O	Regaining his composure , he put the cap back on the bottle and shoved it under the bed .
va	O	He nodded and I continued .
va	O	The gloves were caught up in the other boot .
va	I	When she pulled away , he tasted blood ... and she was licking lips her .
va	I	--------------------------- Hi , Me : I 'm here on the island in Pine Lake and the afternoon getting 's on .
va	I	It was the burn sharp in his heart .
va	I	I 'd never be able to smell coconut without of thinking her .
va	I	They were hundreds of miles from the nearest help , and surrounded by miles snake of and croc filled swamp .
va	I	You 're one hot minute , and then you 're cold the next .
va	I	She was replaced another by , when her time came , she too would be discarded .
va	O	My hands no longer held him .
va	O	One thing she did feel sure about , though , was the fact that Mack would move heaven and earth to protect Noelle .
va	O	Both men watched her fly away up the stairs .
va	O	Williams saw how this was going and he laid his hand on Reggie 's shoulder .
va	I	His apartment looked like a showplace , and the in nervousness her stomach grew .
va	I	There is an edge of behind people me and Dove .
va	O	As Carter and Marie moved away , Mac approached .
va	I	The conversation during the rest of the visit could only be as described strained .
va	O	I examined you at the library before you woke up .
va	I	You can speak to any of Robert Lee E. High School 's teachers or even the principal if she 's not on vacation .
va	O	Many of the prisoners in the ships spent most of their sentences chained to the walls in rooms too small to stand up in .
va	I	I laughed ; human reflexes were one just more thing I was going to have to get used to again .
va	O	The other six warriors faced more-or-less in Hagar 's direction and his burst of motion did not go entirely unnoticed .
va	O	Some days I was able to talk about my relationship with Maggie without sobbing like a little bitch .
va	O	Love looked over at Stuart .
va	I	On side the that I could see was printed ' Travel the Great Trans-Siberian Railway ' .
va	I	I 've never there been .
va	I	Most of the rooms were separated by thick glass , I so could see the action from where I sat .
va	I	When he did , he lifted his hand and , encouraged when she didn 't step away , a ran finger over it .
va	I	Sara over leaned to see .
va	I	However , the people were enough desperate to want to believe it and so they did .
va	I	So , just I went about business as usual and worked five hours .
va	I	Leopold his straightened clothes and ran his hands through his hair once before turning to Klaus .
va	I	The work be should nothing but boring .
va	O	They 're pulling in the big guns now .
va	O	He was dressed in chain mail , which was covered with a cloak so black it was like an opening into darkness .
va	I	What you were doing on the west side of the state ?
va	O	He was kind and generous but had little formal education .
va	I	And then she as frowned a new thought occurred to her .
va	I	A town the where diner can sit and be served with a clay pot broken at the table to lay bare the offering inside .
va	I	He his bit lip .
va	I	Probably too perceptive because I couldn 't help her watching now .
va	O	Should she invite Trent in ?
va	I	Iona 't wasn some .
va	I	Then the need for him to her conquer rose .
va	I	Left my on panties the floor ?
va	O	because I really want to know .
va	I	Jace returned his grin and offered to escort him to lunch , to which the newcomer agreed heartily .
va	I	Ms. Van Horn had offered to make a her coordinator .
va	I	Above them an emerald light shone from the windows huge in the throne room .
va	O	I found myself locked in a battle with supernatural creatures that could rival the ones in any comic book .
va	I	They did obey not him .
va	O	He shoved his hands into the pockets of his sweatshirt .
va	O	He winked and elbowed her as she passed by him .
va	O	Dagmar raised her hands .
va	I	The guy and spun rolled over .
va	O	It was like one minute I liked her and wanted to help her and the next minute I loved her and would do anything for her .
va	I	Adam wrapped simply his arms around Avery and cried a bit .
va	I	Before she knew what she was doing , she jumped up took and his arm .
va	I	As his eyes met hers , immediate her reaction said she was a liar .
va	O	Unfortunately , their national pride became dangerous .
va	I	I stare blankly it at .
va	O	The land ahead rose in long shallow slopes , barren and pitiless , towards the desert that lay at Sauron 's gate .
va	I	I prop open the hood and turn my head away from the hot rush of air acrid that rises .
va	I	Did do Lexus something to him ?
va	I	What were words his ?
va	O	He also claimed to have the insatiable sexual appetite of an addict , but why would he think she would be able to satisfy him ?
va	O	A sudden chill iced her insides .
va	I	He squeezed hand my and released his hold .
va	O	Sophie asked him as if she could read his mind .
va	O	I want you to take them onto the roof of your bunker as the tank drives between us .
va	O	He could definitely fix the problem with her father , but there was so much more to happiness and he couldn 't promise her that .
va	O	Little z 's floated above his head , and a cup of tea sat on his nightstand , steam rising from the cup .
va	O	I hope he can .
va	O	A motorized vehicle sped down the trail leading straight towards us -- and there wasn 't just one , there were six of them .
va	O	So you 're a preacher 's kid ?
va	O	I looked over at the lava lamp clock in the room .
va	I	It was only that his Helen little , the penny pinching , coupon cutting darling didn 't think the rent increase had been ethical .
va	O	I do consider my work the most important matter there is and I do have the impulse to sacrifice anything and everything to it .
va	I	She toyed with a pendant bearing word the Courage hanging from her neck .
va	O	I don 't know what they are talking about .
va	I	Miranda peeked me around and out into the crowd .
va	I	I didn 't to dare make a noise .
va	I	He almost took her hand , but thankfully he came to his senses before did he something careless .
va	I	Nameless Andrew really couldn 't care less if time was a blown balloon up .
va	O	Rumors flew like squawking blackbirds through town .
va	O	Had he come looking for me ?
va	O	We were bumping along on some sort of gravel road in what appeared to be the middle of nowhere .
va	I	And if either of them finds out Alejo is alive , they could come back here and just finish job the .
va	I	She stayed standing for a minute and then widened her eyes before sitting on down the bleacher .
va	O	That was a mistake on my part .
va	O	For Valerie , coming home was like escaping to the past .
va	I	Then , the invisible chains which had Speed held against rock slab once more tightened and pulled him against it .
va	O	I couldn 't help but smile at the compliment .
va	I	I know as hold I Rachel in my arms that I , too , had no choice in falling in love .
va	I	Are you looking to move closer the to city ? '
va	I	Then , just as I was opening car the door I heard a noise , turned around and got it right in the chops .
va	O	Chapter 16 Oh , yes , yes .
va	I	There was nothing -- there nothing except for another black envelope with my name scrolled across the front in my mother 's handwriting .
va	O	Lord Quinn got out of his chair .
va	I	XIII Robert Robert was working on writing a novel about the people in his county .
va	I	He had taught me lot a about the business , so I sort of expected more than a head nod and showing me the door .
va	I	You wouldn 't have been able to understand , and you have would upset her .
va	I	If told I him about Hank , I knew exactly what would happen .
va	I	Men far and wide want her , but of course , she would only accept best the for her consort .
va	I	He pushed , hard pushed .
va	O	She needed him to lick her wounds again tonight .
va	I	He whirled on around me as I closed the door .
va	I	Rena says mystery this woman works here .
va	I	The ending was something that she would not want for herself , and hated he the fact that he may end up forcing his life upon her .
va	O	He didn 't make it a question .
va	O	They were confident and well trained and excited to go , but it was impossible to ignore the reality of what was coming .
va	O	Alone again , Reed appreciated his status as sole occupant of the House of Blues patio .
va	O	It was the most pain I 'd ever felt .
va	O	Serena jerked back , shocked into silence .
va	O	It 's obvious we both want to , but it 's also obvious that I may have just met my match when it comes to stubbornness .
va	I	Lorena Tremblay smiled a smile knowing .
va	I	Her long dark hair was up in a ponytail and looked she fresh and beautiful .
va	I	Chapter 3 Griffin : Being shut up in this tiny space is something like being in one of those sensory deprivation tanks .
va	O	I wanted to assume that he was just being a friendly colleague , but I had a feeling there was something more behind the invitation .
va	I	But Cas is staring at me , I and think he witnessed the entire exchange .
va	O	If nothing else , you should remember that .
va	O	He holds up four fingers .
va	I	Francesca and Carson meet in the middle of the and walkway high-five .
va	O	When she looked in her rearview mirror it was pitch black behind her .
va	O	She didn 't know .
va	I	You 're a nice boy , but neatness isn 't one of strong your points .
va	O	Only a few of us knew , and that wasn 't because he told us .
va	O	It was a far cry from her musical comfort zone .
va	O	It was almost definitely a woman 's , and it sounded to Jason like an old woman .
va	O	No one had ever kissed her before .
va	I	Strangers weaved the through tables , and I wanted to scream at them to move out of the way .
va	O	She returned and examined her son 's face and head , trying to find where the blow had landed .
va	O	Well , I have time to indulge you .
va	O	' There 's something else you need to know , hence my call .
va	I	' Ice , ' I with said a certain satisfaction .
va	O	- Then don 't .
va	I	Dr. Meyers sits next to William asking him about the paintings through trying dinner to learn something about each painting to make comments during the auction .
va	I	' What does mean that ? '
va	O	I wondered if that was why he 'd invited Mab .
va	O	She actually felt his body hardening , his muscles taut against her softness , his heavy erection pressed tightly against her .
va	I	I ask , taking tentative a step forward .
va	O	Dressed in a tux , the middle-aged man addressed the crowd .
va	I	I a made mental note to ask Jackson later if I had left it at his apartment .
va	I	Before she could get to the phone her on dresser , it chimed again .
va	I	Olivia told the detective as much as she could remember about what happened evening that .
va	I	CHAPTER ELEVEN Sophia a For few minutes after I woke , I actually felt really good .
va	O	He was going to stare down those corpses and live to tell the tale to Elle , maybe even proving her theory right .
va	O	Cody is gone , but the key is still in its hiding place .
va	O	# # # # NO SMOKE WITHOUT FIRE I 'll be home safe , Hannah .
va	I	She had a nametag on that read Priscilla and I the thought name suited her .
va	I	Christmas was in quick coming .
va	O	I saw the demon attack him ... a monster of a creature , ten feet tall with burning red eyes .
va	O	A very , very small part of me .
va	O	Chapter 16 He ripped his face off the sticky ropes , and it felt like someone had yanked strips of adhesive tape off his skin .
va	I	He sighed as worked I .
va	O	As I sit , he stops short , glaring at me .
va	I	He had hoped that she would come to him talking after with Dominic .
va	O	She moved the Jeep out of danger and nearly to the other side .
va	I	' I 'll just go and a have look somewhere , ' said Albert , brushing past her and opening the door .
va	O	Orville seemed annoyed and declined his .
va	O	But she 's backing away from me , dropping her own empty packet of fruit things , her eyes getting wider .
va	I	Christian and I 't hadn been the best of friends lately .
va	O	I always knew how much a soldier he is .
va	O	Inside the rolling fortress , Governor Darken basked in the warmth of his power .
va	O	Crouching over her , they peered into her face .
va	I	Then he the squeezed water from the robe and hung it up to dry .
va	I	The man announcer said .
va	O	She hoped they weren 't crazed , hoped that a hundred years in this land of sweltering heat hadn 't fried their brains .
va	I	All right , to the right , one , two , three - a tree long - seven steps .
va	O	I took a deep breath .
va	O	Barnes and Fletcher went to E Cyl to plan battle strategy , in case the alien decided to attack them .
va	I	she asked , I and shrugged .
va	O	Tuesday - June 3 , 1985 Jesse informed me that she will be at my house tonight promptly at six .
va	I	So far , no ransom had demand been made .
va	O	I checked my watch .
va	I	The forest was fighting to reclaim its space as as hard they worked to keep it back .
va	O	Do you really understand ?
va	O	So although it nearly killed him each time she asked , he would often accompany his wife on spa day .
va	O	And that was it .
va	O	But I can 't explain .
va	O	' Of course she didn 't know about the pictures .
va	I	She stared out the at square .
va	O	The creature was incredibly short but with huge feet , like paddles with black claws on the ends .
va	O	Nothing could ruin her day .
va	O	There was a note of defiance in her voice that made her sound a shade childish .
va	O	He stopped eating and tried to appear supportive , and nonchalant .
va	O	She might argue with the housekeeper , but she was nothing but smiles to Mademoiselle Tremblay .
va	I	Kenny asked before I the got chance .
va	I	Captain advances Hulls and holds his arms out to hug me , and I let him .
va	I	On its back was some type of vest with a metal strapped cylinder to it .
va	O	And he dresses like vomit .
va	I	Any loss of blood might her weaken .
va	O	The thought that you love to please me , it gives me hope .
va	I	Camille charged Tasha into 's room .
va	I	Anyway , I saw Ali in bedroom the packing a suitcase .
va	O	I knew we were going to die .
va	O	So El a was dead .
va	O	So the conflict between science and mysticism really boils down to one of technique .
va	I	Nobody with a set of twenty-four chairs leaves with himself twenty-three .
va	I	It was the very first time he was in apartment her and he was curious how she lived .
va	I	Nathan says , practically board on .
va	O	Our arrival finds everyone arrayed in place , probably discussing his removal .
va	I	She was not expressly forbidden to faction his .
va	I	The burden was having the engagement at my father house 's .
va	I	So let be it said .
va	O	He views the panel .
va	O	A smile played around Sebastian 's mouth .
va	O	He strode to the other side and turned down the eyelet comforter , pushing the pillows into what he thought was a more comfortable position .
va	O	Perhaps , he thought , it was the display of unexpected , exposed femininity in Sophia that had prompted the feeling .
va	I	He drew a sharp breath , letting it fill his as chest the view of her bare skin fueled his desire .
va	I	Jessica asked , wrenching her mind away from thoughts of Rex dad 's .
va	I	Clarity looked at the far end of vault the .
va	O	Luther and Starsky gave each other a high five .
va	O	She listened in amazement .
va	I	Neil nothing did wrong .
va	O	As Nick slid into the booth , he noted the similarities in their faces and bone structure .
va	I	Do we anybody know who speaks Latin ?
va	I	Chapter Wong Thirty-three 's exit from the kitchen galvanized Annie into action .
va	I	Immediately , my eyes shot to the mirror , but there was no trace Torin of there .
va	I	Oh goodness my , the relief .
va	I	No about doubt his tone now .
va	I	Not I that cared much once it began .
va	O	I turned to Edward .
va	O	We should be on our way , shouldn 't we ?
va	I	Her skin was pale gaunt and , just like that of a vampire and there were dark purple circles under her eyes .
va	O	Yeah right , I seethed .
va	I	I 've just been picking what up I thought looked like it would fit me .
va	O	Even though Lindsey 's right .
va	O	But Scott would have none of this .
va	I	He didn 't like the idea being of locked down here with this weirdo .
va	I	They will not hesitate to obey nor refuse to attack an at enemy my command .
va	I	Said Clarence and the smile froze the on servant 's face .
va	I	I know he 's right and hate I it .
va	O	The ancient city had not changed since the young man 's last visit .
va	O	He took hold of the rope and started across .
va	I	The moment I felt the cuff fall , I changed quickly hands and the human got to work on the other one .
va	O	Her eyes filled with tears and her breath caught in her throat .
va	O	Such was his power as being descended from sprites .
va	O	The night was dark and cloudy , with no stars and no moon shining through .
va	O	She had insulted Count Lucien without meaning to , and she suspected he had insulted her in return .
va	O	Until they are about twelve years old , little boys worship their fathers and believe they can do no wrong .
va	I	Isaac wasn 't son his ?
va	O	And you were crushing on our dear Becks .
va	I	Some of them and pointed whispered .
va	I	It was still only late morning and the reverend was of confident resumption within the hour .
va	O	She peered into the mirror and frowned at her reflection .
va	O	Flora popped her head into the elevator .
va	I	I swear could I saw stars spinning around his skull like in a cartoon .
va	I	The retreat was about relaxation , and meditation comradeship .
va	I	He pulled her out of the way of arriving guests , which meant they were partially hidden the from restaurant patrons .
va	O	No matter how hard she tried , she just couldn 't remember when she 'd been held prisoner like this .
va	I	It my 's turn to be shocked .
va	O	That was super nice .
va	I	After all the students passed his desk , followed he with his head down .
va	I	Julian just could agree .
va	I	He left Aly and me to drown in the murky waters me holding under .
va	I	I nod , but something bothering 's me .
va	I	I had to get of out there .
va	I	Frank rarely found himself in the lying field in wait without one of his custom made sniper rifles .
va	O	Fuck the GNC , and fuck fate too .
va	I	The cat rubbed his against head her thigh .
va	O	It was only the second week of June , and already the temperature hovered around one hundred degrees .
va	O	MY FIRST SOCCER GAME ... AND I 'M A SENIOR .
va	I	Xavier never asked what would he go back to school to study .
va	I	You do cooking the , I 'll do the promoting .
va	O	Liza believed she had a shot .
va	I	There would just be a second 's chance to get him , and Damien 's strength was running out .
va	I	He seemed suddenly introspective in comparison to the glib charm usually he adopted .
va	O	Then , stiffening , he said something that hurt her worse than anything he 'd said so far .
va	O	I 'm not asking your permission .
va	I	He had cheated on me the with one person I truly hated .
va	I	Braden and Lloyd had remained at the of edge the woods observing the savagery of the aftermath .
va	I	And then she there was .
va	I	Hugh dug something from his pocket held and it up : a peculiar chicken egg .
va	I	She wasn the 't touchy-feely type .
va	O	She was grateful for that , since the lack of emotion kept her mind clear .
va	O	He puts a roof over our heads and gives us more than a lot of guys would .
va	I	You would think , I thought , from the news we see that war just is around every corner .
va	I	Hank : Who knows more about women me than ?
va	O	Just like earlier , when he 'd closed his eyes in pain .
va	I	Something else he 'd realized while his mother had been under knife the .
va	I	I frowned at him , what wondering he was thinking .
va	O	I told her where Eric might be found .
va	I	The prison of the hut was closing in her on -- the dimness , the smell , the monotony of nothing to do .
va	O	Michael doesn 't talk about it .
va	I	The babies my are life .
va	I	He out let a whimper and started to prance in one spot .
va	O	The sheets lay smooth and undisturbed , turned down for the night by the chambermaid who had scuttled in as we finished our repast .
va	O	The nudist area was secluded from the centrality of the swimming pools and other areas of the park .
va	I	I stopped , grabbed the back of her neck , and dragged her down for deep another , branding kiss .
va	O	By rights , we shot them without trial .
va	I	I turned over my shoulder , surveying the and grounds house .
va	I	What the hell was wrong me with ?
va	O	I screamed , praying that someone would hear me .
va	I	Would be she able to endure it if it wasn 't ?
va	I	An investment who banker was also a socialite ; he 'd met her at an art exhibition .
va	O	Neil shoved him , but Kevin was already leaving , off to grab the ball and score again .
va	O	I didn 't know how she 'd feel afterwards , and I didn 't want her driving home by herself .
va	O	There was no accommodation of a response from Renton , who experienced simultaneous but almost incompatible emotions .
va	I	Rema never came across with anyone pale coloring and blonde hair like her own .
va	O	she orders , but the beast ignores her .
va	I	Alternatively he could be reading things wrong entirely .
va	I	He could not remember the time last he actually gave her a hug .
va	O	And she wouldn 't be here if her faith was lacking .
va	O	And of course , it 's not like we can just sit down and talk about Pines .
va	O	His response never to be heard .
va	O	Then with subtle threats of stronger action , if nothing was done .
va	I	But now that I knew that he had been shaped by love , a not desire for power , but selfless love , I understood .
va	I	The tortoise shell glass that made up top the half had revealed the hallway to be empty .
va	I	As our lips were about to meet , stopped I .
va	I	The exterior shone bright in the glow from the lamp above , surely first the time that this gold had touched fresh air in decades .
va	O	Had she heard right ?
va	O	I smiled trying to sound casual , not hungry .
va	O	My crown passes to my nephew .
va	I	Even though my with relationships Tara and Shane were struggling , I couldn 't bring myself to tell on them .
va	I	The barrel pressed into my shoulder blade , and the metal seemed unnaturally cold , hard , round and .
va	O	He howled , spittle and blood spraying from his mouth as he nearly collapsed .
va	O	In his eyes was the same infernal glow that revealed a powerful shaman 's magic that swelled within him .
va	O	Love was a big , long , lifetime thing that had to be carefully planned so that no one 's heart got broken .
va	O	Her heartbeat jumped with a child 's ingrained fear : She wasn 't supposed to touch it .
va	O	She cleared her throat .
va	O	Cops hiding from cops .
va	I	She stepped forward hesitantly , looking around as if she an expected attacker to materialize out of thin air .
va	I	When I was done , I checked over our application and that saw Harper 's middle name was Lily .
va	O	But she couldn 't think about it now .
va	O	But not to push him away .
va	I	Seeing two my best friends become parents was a joy I couldn 't describe , and it 'd made me believe that anything was possible .
va	O	I squeezed her hip and put my lips to her ear .
va	I	All the kids started to her greet with smiles on their faces .
va	O	He walked with her to the curb , where someone other than Matteo was waiting for her .
va	O	The worst zones were marked off with triangular yellow signs .
va	I	They knew I was an and American didn 't want to have anything to do with me .
va	O	He once saw her help her father repair their small house .
va	I	But he did put arms his around my waist .
va	O	His lips latched on , shooting flames straight to her core .
va	I	It came out infuriating an croak .
va	O	We no longer caught each other 's gazes in class , no longer took separate directions just to sneak to my dorm .
va	O	The ceremony certainly couldn 't take very long ; no more than fifteen minutes at the most , right ?
va	O	But our family had stopped speaking Greek to others , and was using only the Aramaic .
va	O	Sarah shook her head and tried to calm the frantic beating of her heart .
va	O	The hunting party reached a clearing devoid of any rocks and possible stone stools and decided to rest .
va	O	Emily continued to wait until the exit was less than a mile away .
va	I	My heart feels strong for you , my desire isn 't just to marry you let and this be our moment , Kiersten .
va	O	It has bars like a jail cell and a cot .
va	I	I hadn 't noticed until now , or maybe just hadn 't admitted it , but even now I was falling Garrick for .
va	O	Everyone but An looked surprised .
va	I	Why was he always consumed so with himself ?
va	I	He was as finely dressed as I was in a padded tunic and leggings and he wore Moroccan leather slippers his on feet .
va	O	A sailor 's cry broke in on his thoughts .
va	I	Her head swiveled toward him she and pushed to her feet .
va	I	Not this for cause .
va	I	She grabbed hold of my and hand squeezed hard .
va	I	Rosie had touched him in a that way no other woman had since Irma .
va	O	' Looks like Karl is angling for a shipboard romance .
va	I	After minute a or so , I heard a stumbling about inside the house .
va	I	I the did right thing .
va	O	You 'll have to wait 52 minutes , but I don 't want to risk any technical glitches with the airlock or your suits .
va	O	After all , I had not been forcing her to do anything terrible .
va	O	I inched toward them , staying behind the boxes .
va	I	Richard came up them behind as they started heading toward the car .
va	I	Nervous butterflies swarmed my stomach by the hundreds as I considered everything I was to going have to do for this to work .
va	O	He slams the lid on the washer and pushes the coins in to start the wash , then turns to me , leaning in .
va	O	She was no bigger than a sparrow .
va	I	I peek at down the pink Converse Dad gave me for Christmas last year .
va	I	He followed into her the room .
va	O	You 're irresponsible , that 's what you are .
va	O	There was a buzz of static from the earpiece .
va	O	She 'd come in on her way to school on purpose , because I 'd sent her a text message in the middle of the night .
va	I	Jim at looked her appearance and whistled .
va	O	She pivoted around to face him , hoping to find some sense of reassurance that her fears were ungrounded .
va	O	I talked to the warden today .
va	I	I want investors to walk through these and stations see happy employee 's , doing an above quality job .
va	O	After raising four kids , I can tell you are really sick .
va	I	Making it happen was whole a different kind of ballgame .
va	O	Between the efficacies of modern medicine and the power of what he presumed to be sheer determination , she at least was looking ... fit .
va	O	She grabbed her purse and bolted outside .
va	O	He looks over at me .
va	I	I did go to lunch with him once , but then only because I had a taste for and Thai only two bucks in my wallet .
va	O	I don 't know how much of it is accurate .
va	I	Yes , to come Cannes .
va	O	Mia rolled over sleepily and opened her eyes , blinking slowly .
va	O	You have powerful enemies .
va	I	Indeed was mankind not strong enough to take on such a challenge .
va	O	After the brief instrumental introduction , Olivia sauntered back to the microphone , closing her eyes and beginning the sad song .
va	I	He rolled aside as fast he as could , stopped when he felt the heavy thud of the creatures feet hitting the grass .
va	I	She pretty was sure her sarcasm was wasted on him .
va	O	The spine cracked as she opened the first page of the wedding book .
va	I	They a were dark amber as he looked down at her .
va	O	A good-looking middle aged man arrived less than ten minutes later .
va	O	He looked around , hoping desperately that the girl was nearby and that she might intervene , but she had disappeared .
va	I	You going 're to have to run .
va	O	It was hard to meet Brynn 's inquisitive eyes .
va	I	Humanity , for all its spectacular achievements , was a spent force collapsing under own its contradictions .
va	O	There is night and day .
va	I	Georgie walked past them , holding breath her .
va	O	And then there 's me with all my craziness .
va	I	Dad just went bed to .
va	O	Her final entry had today 's date on it .
va	I	Isn 't sick that ?
va	I	She half sighed and me gave a smile .
va	O	But Joelle , Joelle thought I was doing a grand job .
va	I	He could ignore his 's uncle instruction and do just that .
va	I	She remembered the flight first .
va	O	We were silent until Katya arrived with the coffee .
va	O	Tessa was proud of what her parents had achieved , and proud of the independence she herself had achieved .
va	I	Beside stood her a dark-haired gentleman who looked equally pleasant .
va	I	Online message boards were daily with filled new angel sightings , none of which rang true to Karou .
va	I	Why in heaven 's name he would settle for her ?
va	I	It bothered her that she couldn 't readily adjust to all the necessities of her life new .
va	O	Claire turned to see the beetle girl standing next to her on the platform .
va	O	Dorian drew his rapier as Celaena came flying up the stairs , blood leaking from her face , and slammed the iron door shut behind her .
va	O	He popped open his soda .
va	O	Being able to read human minds made winning all too easy , which took all the fun out of the game .
va	I	They all believed he had only one purpose , and it had to do with the end of world the .
va	I	Love is the feeling that provides the intellect all the answers to questions any .
va	I	The bathroom for you is straight the across passage .
va	I	The floor dirt is followed by paving .
va	I	She was playing hostess to so many people , while all trying to help run a planet .
va	I	He ran toward straight the monster ahead and hollered a challenge .
va	O	It was there in his mind .
va	I	Lily was surprised when Collin asked her if she wanted to to go the mall .
va	I	Swords in flashed the sun .
va	O	President Gibson pondered his choices .
va	O	His attempt at discussing the problem obviously hadn 't been direct enough .
va	O	She sighed when she realized how serious I was .
va	I	You should it watch .
va	I	Maybe it was inevitable , then , that he 'd turned to else someone , a woman who didn 't have Sarah 's emotional baggage .
va	O	Open it from the outside !
va	I	Whipping the car around in a sharp u-turn , hit Cal the brakes .
va	O	She squeezed the shears .
va	O	Vikram was about to say something else , but she turned .
va	I	It was the salvation of herself that she focused on , and I knew that we would deal with our when problem the future let us .
va	O	I didn 't even flinch at the accusation that she was evil .
va	O	Guy wondered if any letter had ever been read more than that one .
va	O	Most hours found him staring at the cover of his self-appointed tomb wondering what would fill the unknown remaining years of his life .
va	O	I had no idea what she was talking about .
va	O	They took the kids .
va	I	There was something the in girl 's posture .
va	I	The thought made him as nauseous as the itself smell .
va	I	Verlaine leaned farther back in chair her .
va	O	I shook my head as my thoughts went on repeat .
va	O	Just the jewelry off everyone in the rotunda would be enough to set this crew up for life .
va	I	I felt like I never 'd been terminally ill .
va	O	Chris looked from one to the other .
va	I	Gary 's rose brows .
va	I	The pressure of her bonds was same the terror she 'd felt when the shock of capture wore off .
va	O	It seemed more alive than the rest of the horses , at any rate .
va	I	I hated to see my mother cry , especially since crying was something seldom I did .
va	I	I turn to find him passing through the way entry .
va	O	She didn 't believe it much herself .
va	O	Myra extinguished the last of the burning candles and cast the space into darkness .
va	I	Her mind kept reiterating what it had to concentrate on , to trying overcome the wild dance of nervous excitement Jack Maguire had set in motion .
va	I	When I glared at him , he turned , and smile the finally broke through .
va	O	The new boyfriend is no strangers - he was George .
va	O	The soldier 's name was Captain Wolfe .
va	I	He quelled her and protests struggles with one look .
va	O	Said one of the workmen to the other in shocked surprise .
va	I	While I haven 't met most of you , I consider some of you my friends closest .
va	I	He struck its upper arm as well and the armor collapsed instantly the from force .
va	O	Just a few words short .
va	I	I up grew with modest means .
va	O	He looked ready to bolt out the door .
va	O	We weaved across the hallway like we were drunk as we made out .
va	O	Something even more awesome might happen and she was right in the middle of it .
va	I	I had no of inkling whether what was going to happen would be good or bad ; just simply that something was going to happen .
va	O	Celaena 's blade lay a few feet away , but what good was a sword ?
va	I	I had doubt no it would be recorded there .
va	O	Jude paid no attention , pressing onwards without glancing back at her .
va	O	His deep bass voice drifted up to her softly .
va	O	If you walked up to them with your Coalition pulse rifle , they would swarm .
va	I	I 'd said way too much broken and a wall I hadn 't meant to break .
va	O	A largish man stepped out and stared at him open-mouthed .
va	O	Something wasn 't right .
va	I	His hair was a mess , as if he 'd run his hands through it repeatedly , which probably he had .
va	O	I looked back to the city one final time .
va	O	One more step and she would be at his mercy .
va	O	She started feeding me some bullshit story about how they hadn 't been sure what I was and were concerned about the threat I posed .
va	I	The way he saw it , the gifts 't couldn hurt .
va	I	And Mr. Rogers it had .
va	I	I don care 't .
va	O	He 'd hinted at more , but I wasn 't that giving until I knew him more .
va	I	I can hardly catch his scent even when I only 'm five feet away .
va	I	Writers don 't get that much too , even in Hollywood , where you 'd think they 'd be revered .
va	I	I hauled ass up the fence as fast as I could , my hands black by the time reached I the top and hurled myself over .
va	O	Mortimer thought it would definitely come in handy .
va	O	I had Danny smack him around a little .
va	I	And it gone 's .
va	O	She looked slim and well dressed and her smile was something that probably cost in the region of three thousand pounds .
va	I	She would in trip her heels .
va	I	Not that I am jealous or any thing - , even though Sir Horace was my ghost first .
va	O	Dante met them at the door , dressed in black leather .
va	I	She traced the lines of the with tattoo her finger .
va	O	Jess tugged on my hand , her dark eyes assessing me , her mouth turned down in a frown .
va	I	So much for trying to be macho , Jackson thought as he rolled onto his elbow and clumsily heaved himself to feet his .
va	I	I should put an in order for a cape .
va	O	Go on with life as if nothing was abnormal ?
va	I	She shut off the water and stepped out of the shower , toweling herself dry as as quickly possible .
va	O	Mark stood silhouetted in the doorway , his face tired and drawn .
va	O	My vassals cheered me for about a quarter of an hour for that bit of generosity .
va	O	It will be a few minutes yet before we can be miniaturized .
va	I	She suspected he 'd awakened when she 'd left the pallet , but said he nothing as she went through his things .
va	I	I realized I was shrieking and forced air into my lungs , calming down myself .
va	I	Everything was riding his on end of the bargain .
va	I	The storm was raging outside and she couldn 't recall what had startled her awake but she realized Maddie wasn 't beside her she and jumped up .
va	O	A large soldier stomped up to a vault door , and swung the massive wheel on it .
va	I	Carefully keeping her upbeat tone for Holly 's sake , Kate described the hotel .
va	I	I pressured Ted into showing it to you of ahead his listing it and he 's on his way there now to meet us .
va	I	I didn 't do anything , didn I 't !
va	I	The third like a bird a with human head .
va	O	You are smart and strong and an amazing hunter and an even more amazing fighter .
va	O	The key clicked in the lock .
va	I	Jake 's frown deepened , his eyes sharply scanning hers , suspicious of sudden her good humour .
va	O	Even though I had been convicted as a criminal and labeled an outcast , I felt happy that someone found value in my existence .
va	I	No one the spoke obvious .
va	O	No one came to his aid .
va	I	he called out to the at bar large .
va	I	When I come up air for , half the room is looking at me .
va	O	she murmured aloud to herself .
va	O	The trifle of the wine was , of course , nothing ; but it was open and marked recognition .
va	I	Imagining Rigel and Trina laughing together me about , I ran from the courtyard I 'd entered two minutes ago with such high hopes .
va	I	Just too close her for to ignore .
va	I	In fact , was everything flexible .
va	O	It was Mike 's trumpeting voice that caught her attention this time .
va	O	He hadn 't had the guts to tell her himself that he didn 't want to marry her .
va	O	Or what he was imagining doing to her .
va	I	Nothing works in the with middle Max in front .
va	I	He shoved a hand through his hair in frustration paced and in front of the window .
va	I	She 'd had Gramps , too , and even now the thought of him a brought smile to her face .
va	O	I grab my phone to send Shay a text .
va	O	Will , you 've done it before .
va	I	I would longer no do this .
va	O	Maddox carried her to the bed and gently laid her down .
va	O	Hell , some of them will have improved lives .
va	O	She placed a finger on her chin .
va	O	What if the love is already there , about to bloom ?
va	I	I a grabbed beer from the fridge and sat outside .
va	I	Vicki her shook head again .
va	I	I looked right and left then , trying to come up with some direction .
va	O	' And you think they will tell you ? '
va	I	I could see her mouth moving , her chest heaving as she screamed something over over and again .
va	O	This isn 't even your high school .
va	O	A scene out of The Stand .
va	I	She 'd had this thought before , but today it didn 't surround her with the loneliness that it in had the past .
va	I	Calves were born during the spring and they if were not cared for properly , then an entire year 's profit would be lost .
va	I	And to be perfectly frank , there is a great deal of between tension us .
va	I	Nine threw herself the to ground .
va	I	Thomas asked , not caring that the sounded words harsh .
va	O	His arteries and tissue were a nightmare .
va	I	He stood transfixed , overpowered by the of wonder the beautiful bright star in the sky .
va	I	She a looked bit sad .
va	O	She had no reason to expect love .
va	I	In all fact you have done is slow your aging process .
va	O	It was obvious what had happened : Something had come up out of the forest and grabbed Cory .
va	I	The interview desks in the centre were all occupied , so McBride studied advertisements the for jobs on the freestanding panels in the middle of the floor .
va	I	The ferns bracketing the front door were back to being a lush green , and someone had fixed the sag the in porch .
va	O	But I wasn 't cold .
va	O	Their food was almost gone again .
va	I	She carried the coffee back into the bedroom , she where pulled on her running shoes .
va	O	Instead of the clown , a man comes around the car .
va	O	My mother looked up at me and replaced her mild scowl with a sweet smile .
va	I	After my sire was murdered , lovers gave the me protection other vampires took for granted .
va	I	It was like the woman had built-in to radar know whenever I was about to kiss her daughter .
va	I	Skeletal trees closed in around us as we passed the from overgrown yard into the woods .
va	I	In it , wrapped together , was ten thousand dollars crisp in , new one hundred dollar bills .
va	I	But wasn it 't just Winky pushing Moses not to get an implant .
va	O	Once outside and on the battlements , he scanned the landscape around the little town .
va	I	In most cases , two uniques went up against a warlock single .
va	O	All she wanted , could even think about , was the feel of his lips moving over hers with such gentle care .
va	I	I grabbed my cup and gulped wine some .
va	I	Then he dropped to that same knee , bowed his head , and a muttered prayer , calming his mind .
va	I	Her little toes hung over the edge of the shoes and she prayed one no would notice .
va	I	She slit her eyes open and searched his face , as if wanting to him believe , then gave up and curled back up in a ball .
va	O	Your duty is to serve her , in any way she sees fit , and right now , she has asked you to remain .
va	O	A pair of jeans hung low on his hips , but his chest and feet were bare , and a bath towel was slung over his shoulder .
va	O	Everything is battered and fried in animal fat , right ?
va	O	George began chewing nervously on his fingernails .
va	O	He kissed her nose , then pulled himself up and headed for the bathroom .
va	O	He needed to get down there , a lengthy trip of 29 levels downward , and do it quickly .
va	I	Much of what they needed would to have be found on the way .
va	O	It was a good story .
va	O	Who in God 's name was I ?
va	O	She tried to sound impressed , maybe even a little admiring , but inside was nothing but cold , metallic terror .
va	O	Everywhere she went in the school , students looked at her suspiciously and whispered to each other , laughing or staring wide-eyed in potential fear .
va	O	It got really ugly .
va	O	The place was called Sunbeam , and it was a new mixed use high-rise with loft condos , shops , and a hotel all inside one building .
va	O	He wanted another officer watching from the one-way mirror to see if their opinions matched .
va	O	The superstructure climbed three levels , its lights glowing through the snow .
va	I	And was he pursuing her .
va	O	I heard Stephan murmuring something to Javier , and I could hear that whatever it was was muffled against some part of the other man 's skin .
va	I	They all say same the thing , ' It 's not a big deal .
va	I	I my rolled eyes jokingly .
va	I	I even got upset Janine with for getting angry when I couldn 't be there for something she and Amanda were doing .
va	O	I turned to go - and that was when I felt it .
va	O	Your walk is becoming just like the king 's .
va	O	Across the way , Steve was still unconscious .
va	O	Why did I come here ?
va	I	And I wake up a in panic . '
va	I	Deni shut off the bike , stripped off her clothes , stretched her limbs , and to changed her wolf .
va	I	You have killed all us ! '
va	O	Yet he seemed to end on an air of uncertainty , as though there might be more he held back from saying .
va	O	What was the point ?
va	O	Then we headed down to the front row .
va	I	His was face composed .
va	I	At that long ago time , when shockingly pitted against his cousins , the old man remembered how he undergone had his own power crisis .
va	O	No one seemed to be looking at Cain 's chest .
va	I	He knew what coming was .
va	O	The bass from the music floats into the room , pumping my blood harder .
va	I	I liked be numb and emotionless better much .
va	O	Echo dropped one of her daggers .
va	O	I want to unknow everything he said .
va	I	She gave a terrific squirm and abruptly stopped .
va	I	Why don 't speak you up ?
va	I	Suddenly , he about thought Jess .
va	I	Though dwarfed it in comparison to the God of War .
va	I	If any of the passers-by had noticed what had happened , they had reacted not .
va	I	She dressed the part and seemed to have that eerie , far-away and thought conversation process .
va	O	All systems live and running . '
va	I	Total disaster at polls the .
va	I	Happily going into her arms , he made stern a face .
va	O	He couldn 't imagine her doing that , not after the fire she 'd just spit his way .
va	I	It was difficult to tell whether my partner 's voice held or disgust admiration .
va	O	Because every single night she would call Henrietta and ask her if she had made Brick agreed to go with Marcia yet .
va	I	They ran at him in reaching a , vicious clot .
va	O	They had started from Pune early in the morning .
va	I	Next to mine , Miller 's desk is empty , and a deep hollow feeling opens in chest my .
va	I	They ordered meal a and ate it , washing it down with a glass of fine chardonnay .
va	O	I found myself over his shoulder and in the bedroom where he tossed me on the bed .
va	O	I abandoned my regular seat since it was right beside her and opted for one three seats away .
va	I	But sitting next to Marcus made her feel small shockingly and feminine .
va	I	She had to away turn .
va	O	I cringed seconds later , as -- once again -- Lily Ashton turned away from me .
va	I	What surprised was her that Mike , even while making this harder than it should be , was holding up fairly well .
va	O	If the boy was his son ... Why hadn 't Christina told him about his existence before this ?
va	I	He his reached hands out toward her .
va	I	Not sunlight that had a smell , really , but if it did - She gritted her teeth .
va	O	That 's too absurd !
va	I	His arm goes around me and me pulls into his chest .
va	I	The sort of who fellow moves and shakes with great vigor behind the scenes .
va	I	Even worse , still she had issues with religion .
va	O	He gave the panel back to Julia and walked back to his car .
va	O	Or was he putting two and two together and realizing why Vincenzo was so adamant that he 'd never find love ?
va	O	With my comrades out of my way , I was free to jump around the ship like an acrobat , spinning and twirling my blade .
va	I	It was Dark a night .
va	I	The tray had been set for two : Gabrielle and another female who arrived 'd at the compound earlier that evening .
va	I	And she should have been dead , but she wasn yet 't , and then that crazy moment came .
va	I	The maintenance cursed man .
va	O	Officer Newman will be right back with your wallet .
va	O	Realising that she was only a moment away from branding herself a failure , she picked up the strange metal object and studied it closely .
va	I	He struggled free to himself , smoke already steaming from his wounds into the cold night .
va	I	His essence flowed her into .
va	O	Danny told me to face her so he could cuff me since everyone was standing around waiting for me .
va	I	I found it near the third well covered in purple dust still but intact .
va	O	I need Lindsey here ; she 'd take control .
va	I	Max suggested that I leave , running from fate my .
va	O	Adam 's voice was deep and laced with intent .
va	O	She stepped on board and hit the button for their floor , then glanced to Tiny as he followed Stephanie on board .
va	I	He less was now .
va	O	Clary grabbed her stele off the top of a bookcase .
va	O	It had been pretty slow and Maria and I 'd been dancing around behind the counter .
va	I	With shaking hands , she fought to unlatch seat her belt .
va	I	It mid-morning was when the man dropped him at a corner beside a little country hotel .
va	O	I soon learn why .
va	I	The ... police She shoved the memory back into its corner .
va	I	I saw tonight it .
va	I	I fell to the floor gasping air for to fill my lungs .
va	I	Lucky and Robin would be with playing the kids , while Noah and I grilled .
va	O	How many had died on this very bed while he watched through the peephole ?
va	O	At times like that a person finds out how strong they are , and I 've started to think that I am not weak .
va	O	The tremendous gift of the wolf pups had come at the most opportune time .
va	I	I heard him stuffing his feet into back his shoes .
va	I	His was voice short .
va	I	Still , out in the open like this , Blue felt like he was wearing a big red target his on back .
va	I	He is at the Flight Station Service checking the weather one more time .
va	I	I had to my search pockets to find the amount .
va	O	And if your fire is unchecked , you will burn through lives and history .
va	O	The commotion caused him to duck slightly , a few of the bird 's discarded feathers sticking to his shirt and hair .
va	O	Instead of having videos of other people ... It had nothing but videos of me and Tristan .
va	I	He turned toward the door to bedchamber the and hesitated .
va	I	How could it stand that through ?
va	O	I was watching the Giants game on TV , not really paying attention .
va	O	My smoky eyes looked amazing and my lips had the perfect amount of gloss .
va	O	Rebecca pondered it as she and Laura stopped in front of a haberdashery to admire some ribbons .
va	I	Sonia stared at door the and she did this for a while .
va	O	His warm breath against my skin becomes increasingly more frantic , along with his kisses .
va	I	Standing concealed in the undergrowth of arboretum the , I waited for a car to pass on Jamaica Street , so I could steal across .
va	O	He immediately decided to support the effort .
va	O	Tears shimmered in her eyes and she bit hard on her lower lip to hold them at bay .
va	I	Rhona had never real liked y staying in pubs or inns .
va	O	He shook his head sadly , a small smile playing over his lips .
va	O	Finally , the Wedding March faded out and Here Comes the Bride started .
va	O	They would have to follow procedure , whereas she didn 't .
va	O	Besides , I flit through a perpetual state of love-hate where the guy I want to take to bed is concerned .
va	O	He filled her completely , the sensation of slick bare skin slamming into her consciousness without warning .
va	I	she claps hands her .
va	O	His face was also wrapped in bandages and like Simone , only his eyes were visible .
va	I	Two days after the incident and on the day that the was Governor checking out .
va	I	The road leading to the street main was elevated and a crest in the road blocked their view .
va	O	What if the money she 'd set aside for their college education wasn 't enough ?
va	I	The screeched limo to a halt .
va	I	He 's almost as ugly when seen this from perspective .
va	O	Donna did not want to eat anything .
va	I	Sybil up sat and wiped a hand over her face .
va	O	Then you shifted to a more natural sleep , and I decided to wait a few more hours .
va	I	Lauren pushed open the door but didn move 't .
va	I	Derrick put the car into and gear pulled out of the parking lot .
va	I	I shivered , my sweater weighing down on my shoulders , my clinging jeans to my legs , my hands and feet cold .
va	I	Besides one the who had been pulled out first , there was a woman whose hair was braided in tiny plaits .
va	I	A small icon ignited in the corner of the screen , a indicating downloaded file available for viewing .
va	O	He whispered something into his ear , and the Hawk nodded and opened the door .
va	O	Taking a cocky step forward , he faltered before stopping himself altogether .
va	O	He opened his mouth .
va	I	I strip off my jacket and it roll into my pack .
va	O	If Jack took her ... then we 've got you .
va	I	I 'm to going die .
va	O	she replied when she finally got her amusement under control .
va	O	He rolled onto his back , stared up at the ceiling .
va	I	3,200 km 't isn that bad .
va	I	A hint of a smile sad crossed his mouth as he lowered his mouth to mine .
va	I	Alejo groaned and sank back onto the pillow on his back , black hair sticking up in wildly all directions .
va	I	My chest expanded and I suddenly to wanted beat on it with my fist .
va	I	The last part of his sentence was muffled a by sob .
va	O	I would have explained that he could not be trusted , that she should get away from him immediately .
va	I	Don 't have you a worker you can send down here ?
va	O	Sirena 's stiletto dug ever deeper .
va	I	His was voice broken , cracking .
va	I	The challenge filled the between space them .
va	I	Blood squirted from his wound in thick a geyser .
va	O	True to his word , when they headed out afterward to the local bar , Damien offered to buy the first round .
va	I	I sat down and waved him to the chair to next me .
va	I	Well , don 't think won I 't be reporting you to the Board of Magical Merchants for discrimination .
va	O	I soon found a change had overtaken the tree .
va	O	I 'd be edgy , worried that he 'd discover my nervousness , my sense of inferiority , and be appalled by it .
va	O	Through sea water , at the ocean beaches .
va	O	She took a deep breath , letting her new reality meld with the old .
va	O	Slowly slipping into the world of dreams the distant bird song reminding me of a tune I know , camomile , that 's it !
va	O	Ricky came around the corner .
va	I	Understanding this kept me and focused controlled my anger .
va	O	She 'd never felt like this in all of her life .
va	O	I do this again and again , the sword sinking through each of their rotting chests .
va	I	No is one as good-looking as Dante .
va	O	' One more minute and we 're the first ones there ! '
va	O	The question came out with a hint of jealousy that she couldn 't hide .
va	O	She took it , downed it in one gulp , then reached out for the second and downed that too .
va	I	She hoped to be a someday doctor .
va	I	Unfortunately , its theorems diagrams and are doubtless comprehensible only to a handful of experts .
va	O	He marked the golden points by pencil marks .
va	I	Those green held eyes too much knowledge .
va	O	His mouth worked mine .
va	O	I thought to myself .
va	O	Contentment expanded inside her , had her turning toward him .
va	O	And so it was that Joanna and Nanny began their collaboration .
va	O	The brotherhood of Nyon .
va	I	He Burns found and Elland at another campus .
va	I	He 'd gotten a holster from his truck and it was the under edge of the light jacket he wore .
va	O	Apparently , not everyone had heard about his divorce , and Colette received several curious looks .
va	O	I didn 't realize she had stopped until I 'd already passed her .
va	O	I glanced down at my iPhone , and was not very surprised to see that it was Kingsley .
va	I	I put my hand his on cheek and urged his face toward mine .
va	O	He walked toward the beach with a load of wood .
va	O	Zoe leaned her head on her mom 's shoulders as if she were a little girl again .
va	I	That definitely 't wasn the rosy , family filled future she 'd been hoping for .
va	I	He looked at the other 's face and the found hair had turned white , the skin dark .
va	I	His eyes dipped beneath the table where long legs spilled from pair a of tight jean shorts .
va	I	Then Emma started to speak again , and Ellie realized it was in an effort distract to herself .
va	I	From the perimeter , the sentries kept calling all the clear .
va	I	Then shook he her .
va	I	We look at each other like have we a special sort of understanding .
va	O	Not now , not when I 'd just discovered the Black Hand 's rings in his apartment .
va	I	The resort had a full-time on doctor staff as part of the resort package .
va	I	For the first time Roberto really looked at the man , three inches than taller himself .
va	I	Orders were shouted and the whole group got into a formation loose anybody in the military would remember .
va	I	Their unconventional childhood led many to worry about their well-being psychological but also fueled a rabid obsession with the pair .
va	I	With her boots failing to compliment the garment she 'd added suede heels to her purchase with hast equal .
va	O	But in spite of that he could see beauty .
va	O	I know I am attractive to others , but I just think of myself as normal .
va	I	Very little light seeps from out under me .
va	O	Then it fled into the forest .
va	O	Finally he slams the helmet on , fastens it , and gets on the bike behind me .
va	I	I shrunk and back shivered .
va	O	I didn 't want to look at one much less feed one .
va	I	Esther had her bought just enough time so she could be in position to block any way of escape .
va	I	Let 's get a good look at we what are dealing with .
va	I	Except one the he had with Kathy .
va	I	The star atop the wooden stable was caught what Goodness 's attention .
va	O	Terrance had his wish .
va	O	Now I knew why I was still single !
va	I	So , I think it 's important to address those upfront issues .
va	O	Drew in a deep breath and caught ... something .
va	I	She didn know 't why I hated them .
va	I	( If he looked unhappy as as he felt , he looked unhappy indeed . )
va	O	Cassandra held up a short , colorful dress .
va	O	She touched his face .
va	O	Drew walked down the street , feeling more frustrated than ever before in his life .
va	I	He needed a lever to give him personal strength in his dealings with the south , and he didn have 't it .
va	I	He pushes a hand his through hair , coming to kneel in front of me .
va	O	Now Kellar strained to form a smile .
va	I	I sat beside her David as walked up the incline to our rock .
va	I	Broken concrete steps to descended a damp landing and a heavy , green door .
va	O	He knocks again , more quietly this time , propelling me into full wakefulness .
va	I	I shoved shoulder his , producing a smile on his face .
va	I	I told you I didn see 't .
va	O	They had called Fallon Jones immediately after Chloe had ended her conversation with Stone .
va	O	In total , there had to be at least sixty thousand dollars in this ratty , cobweb covered attic .
va	O	She told me to mind my own business .
va	O	They stood in front of the bed .
va	O	From the tone of his voice I know he 's overheard our conversation but I wasn 't going to lie to my mom .
va	I	If he thought to protect her from Burton , was he sweet , but Burton would win .
va	O	The man was already on his second helping .
va	O	But now ... Lexi 's legs shook .
va	I	When they had finished eating , they all out pulled their blankets and found a patch of ground on which to sleep .
va	I	The airlock tumbled across the surface for a further meters 15 .
va	O	Every time I make a decision , I hear his voice in my head telling me I 'm going to fail .
va	I	I 'll give it to 11.30 said he to himself .
va	O	He took a deep breath and exhaled it into the boy 's mouth .
va	I	They 'd Sheba taken to the vet when a lump had been discovered .
va	O	With everything that 's been going on in this town , I 'm sure you just need the chance to relax . '
va	O	Marcus could not prevent the twinge of guilt and sorrow he felt .
va	O	Dopamine , that promises us wild bursts of pleasure as long as we agree to grasp the experiences we imagine we need for our survival .
va	I	These two became my closest friends we and ended up going everywhere together .
va	I	I thought was she for a moment , but I think it might have been some sort of weird adrenaline rush .
va	O	I was pretty sure I knew what it was , and I was damn sure I didn 't know what to do about it .
va	O	Finally , she was telling Rafe something firsthand .
va	I	When positioned properly to my satisfaction I was presented with a minnow baited rod and reel and told to catch them some fish .
va	O	So when Lucan met him at Kiran 's birthday party , there was nothing else to uncover .
va	O	Looking a little startled as all eyes turned to her , Alexandra just nodded .
va	I	We were an open target and the problem was we could not see exactly where the Germans were from firing .
va	I	When she continued to deny him , he grew suspicious Captain that Lassiter hadn 't appeared on deck at the high tide .
va	O	It rang five times before she picked up , and I imagined her standing there , checking the caller ID and debating whether to answer .
va	O	And how would they do without their best friend ?
va	O	Phineas asked her over a pint of Guinness .
va	O	Oh , no , I can 't dig Father up to find out if he has them in his pockets .
va	O	In any case the trust fund had made it possible .
va	I	I couldn help 't but laugh .
va	O	In every possible way , Archer .
va	I	When she held it in her hand , it heavy was .
va	I	My nose told me she was dead and had been so for at two least days .
va	I	With everyone else he had always been able to keep their emotions , and inner personality blocked out if he 't didn want to feel them .
va	O	She was still looking at him in that appraising female way .
va	I	I , alone , couldn 't add much weight to the Compound side of the argument , even I if jumped up and down on the scale .
va	O	Cosmo grunted in agreement .
va	I	But if we do get through this need I you to know ... I haven 't told anyone outside my family about this .
va	O	the boy said , and I looked over to see that several other men with Guardian swords were standing behind him .
va	I	Horace tagged along until they started to enter the alley to do detecting their .
va	O	For the first time in the fight Connor noticed that Takeo looked uncertain as to what was happening .
va	I	She dropped her across arm her eyes and moaned dramatically .
va	I	Not does only he want my inheritance - he wants you .
va	I	Misty swallowed back sobs her .
va	O	He worked for Stephan in the past .
va	O	All sorts of such legends here involving food , wine , and sex .
va	O	For the last couple of nights , it had almost felt like she was really on her own for the first time in her life .
va	I	The man roared laughing his in chair .
va	O	The last thing I remembered was going to bed last night .
va	I	Get over and it get out .
va	I	Patiently , she kept to the shadows and waited for both minds their to go blank .
va	I	They had duty a , however , to offer the means of salvation .
va	O	' Oh , ' the man said .
va	I	She had been completely unprepared to be alone , not fully how comprehending big of a void Ivy and Sasha had filled in her life .
va	O	Diego stood on the breaks .
va	I	He turned back face to her .
va	O	The sphere rose over their heads and began to stretch horizontally , thinning into a disk .
va	O	Then beside her , Seth stood , reaching for her hand .
va	O	He 'd done neither .
va	I	The looked Circle back at him .
va	O	And then comprehension hit him .
va	I	He ´ s from not these parts .
va	I	His queen had adapted well enough Madera to .
va	I	I squeeze the pearl more tightly my in fist .
va	I	Was it her somehow fault he 'd strayed ?
va	I	He down plops on the bench and leans against the fence as he takes a drink .
va	O	You wouldn 't kill me like that .
va	O	Jess ' voice interrupted my trance but I continued to watch him .
va	O	A , she wanted to say to Liam .
va	O	When I sat , she kept her head bowed , her hands in fists on her lap .
va	I	It slipped over the wall and onto fell the parking lot with a loud crunch .
va	O	After receiving the activation , she dialed Rahul 's number .
va	I	Jamie looked like he was about cry to .
va	O	Definitely best friend material .
va	O	She closed her eyes , sending her wish for love into the heavens .
va	I	Bought new ones , too , because it 's been so long the ones I have might have reverted their to original element forms .
va	O	She just wasn 't a supernatural .
va	I	I didn like 't where this conversation was headed .
va	O	Heck , it can count for the whole week .
va	I	She came stuttering up at the shock of the river 's chill .
va	O	Near the water , Paul stopped .
va	O	Take my birthday away ?
va	O	Jenny was relieved and flattered that this was his reason for approaching her .
va	I	If there was one thing we had learned recently it was that anything could be dangerous , to and never let our guards down .
va	O	Below us , I can hear the wind howling through the chasm .
va	I	Sure , there were risks , he could get caught , he but felt confident they 'd never be able to lock him up .
va	I	He walks to the back of the training room and begins to place targets round room the .
va	O	She had done what she set out to do .
va	I	The females I knew did not deal with emotions their like this .
va	I	I was thinking mostly , Huh ?
va	I	It my takes face a little longer to return to normal temperature .
va	I	It was just out of my line of vision so my eyes didn 't hurt the from bright illumination .
va	O	There was tension in the faces of Brother Benedict and Martin and they were walking hastily .
va	O	There 's a prank to plan .
va	O	My gas mask clad adversary followed me down here .
va	I	What was she sitting doing on his lap , leaning into him ?
va	I	I love them as they if were my own .
va	O	Kennedy held a hand under his stick so they wouldn 't drop into the dirt .
va	O	But then they might want to have sex .
va	I	Her knees dissolved like sugar hot in tea .
va	I	So your is son .
va	I	Her heart skipped at the memory of the carriage ride with Gavin and what happened had afterward .
va	O	Tyler 's heart warmed when she found Alex smiling happily in the group shot .
va	O	Elijah must not have had anything productive or positive to offer , because he didn 't chime in .
va	O	The scene was one of storybook legend .
va	O	Her mother was awake and calling for her sister .
va	O	But Rhett was a smart guy .
va	O	Lake water is never perfectly clean , even in fall when the cool temperatures precipitate out some of the solids .
va	O	Not that he was my property or anything , I reminded myself .
va	O	Her arm dangled toward the floor , and she made the softest , cutest snore I 'd ever heard .
va	I	That 's these how things usually worked , at least .
va	I	Max threw back his head and laughed out loud , feeling the stress of the day away fall .
va	I	Rex could see now that she was too nervous .
va	I	They both turned him on .
va	I	I 't couldn bring myself to walk completely up to the table .
va	I	Saturday evening , the State Dining Room was decorated with flags the from various countries represented by the foreign ambassadors .
va	O	It was your typical teen soiree and with amazement , I just admired the whole set up .
va	O	She glared at him then looked at me .
va	O	I 'll probably need to stop and recharge the batteries somewhere .
va	O	They 're still a strange mixture of grey and blue , but they don 't remind me of mud anymore .
va	I	Suspicion through washed Haven .
va	O	To start , these men did not look anything like the ones from the village .
va	O	Lord , it 's cold !
va	I	She carried it to the bike and laid it down searching while through her bag for something to wrap around it .
va	O	Yes , Simon had hurt her .
va	I	To it prove to her .
va	I	The gazed Shadow at the bowl from his corner of the room .
va	O	I shook my head .
va	I	But the knife is in lung your , and it 's got to come out .
va	I	She guided and assisted them in making one of the most important decisions their of lives .
va	O	She lifted dark eyes to Bonnie 's .
va	O	We had not seen each other for almost three years .
va	I	And then he to seemed slip off into his thoughts .
va	I	That 's a terrible thing for us to all have to live with .
va	I	Mr. Ferguson was almost with done the roll .
va	O	Her braid swung around whipping him in the back .
va	O	For the first time since she set foot in this cursed ship she almost felt happy .
va	O	Drake doesn 't seem all that freaked out that the only thing his dad ate for dinner was ten inches of stainless steel .
va	I	As Daniel had just said , some conversations were easier face face to .
va	O	' Let us hope that he will escape back to the caves .
va	O	Something about blood and the taste , I remembered that much .
va	O	Frowning , he studied her .
va	O	He was instead attempting to remember what it was that he had been contemplating .
va	O	She wished it were all she felt .
va	I	Albert up picked one of the glasses with beer in it and sniffed deeply .
va	O	His father came around the corner , blinked the sweat from his eyes and took aim .
va	O	I leaned closer to him .
va	O	Her mother went to put it aside .
va	O	Then Brandon ignored the car and kissed me .
va	O	On anyone else the look would have appeared sloppy and screamed douche bag , but somehow the look made Trenton even more appealing .
va	O	But that wouldn 't be any fun .
va	I	Glancing at Kyle , I was a taken tad aback when he looked apologetic .
va	O	I want to avoid her , but yeah I guess I like the attention .
va	O	Eventually she looked out over a wide chasm , and a hand seized her ankle .
va	O	In my opinion , if I didn 't kill them , it would only give them the opportunity to kill me later .
va	O	Five 's brow furrows in confusion , then he smiles .
va	O	Jennifer opened her eyes and gasped .
va	O	Apparently , there were a lot of vampires in Ireland .
va	I	Even though Josh wasn 't a mage , it was still a good omen to have been born on a such special night .
va	O	I chose my life .
va	O	His face was grizzled and scarred .
va	O	He began to move , long hard strokes that sent flashes of heat spiraling over her body , searing her thighs and scorching her belly .
va	I	She thought Calla and Kevin would eventually get married , but not probably for some years .
va	O	Linda waved away the concern .
va	O	Back in Lawrence , Small , the investigator , worked his list of leads diligently and got nowhere .
va	I	Gavin 's was response more circumspect .
va	I	I sat in the silence of the car , watching kids of ages all enter the dance .
va	O	She had no patience with brooding and silences , and must always give vent to her feelings .
va	O	Kel tries to suppress a smile , just like his sister .
va	O	Allan felt hollow , as if the earlier rage and ambition had leached out of him .
va	I	I can 't help but smile because it probably means Dean and Caroline took little our path to the house .
va	I	Anakin let the question in hang the air .
va	O	He lowered his head slowly and kissed her on the lips .
va	O	As if on his command , the soldiers pushed the four men back towards the door .
va	O	Would you believe the gall of some people ?
va	O	I drew a short intake of breath when I realized that Arron was leaning on the limo , right by the window .
va	O	Answers Hagar for them both .
va	I	Ren paused at the opening a of cave .
va	I	She was stunned , dizzy fear with .
va	O	As she did so , she couldn 't help admiring the harness of his muscles , her touch inexorably lingering around the curves of his defined abs .
va	I	Paul , you can pull from strength the earth and feed it into her .
va	O	The tears fell faster because somehow , his silence was like being rejected all over again .
va	O	My mind needs to be on the game and what I do best .
va	I	I now on checked a completely different secret account .
va	I	Tavi 's jerked chin up sharply .
va	I	she when asked outside .
va	I	and the crow danced a clumsy circle in the dust , the mirth in its eyes echoed in the mouse 's too as she hung tightly on .
va	I	Garrett hustled out of the barn on his horse with Tom , one of the hands ranch , following close behind .
va	I	It hurt like hell , but McCoy stifled a and yell managed to escape with a soft grunt .
va	I	I feel the steel smooth of the hunting knife in my other hand .
va	I	Ruby turned her back attention to the plate and started eating .
va	I	She slicked her hair and back braided it a second time as tightly as possible .
va	I	Monsters the under bed ?
va	I	I don 't really think that she 'll the call guards back if I refuse to sit , but there 's no point in risking it .
va	O	But short it couldn 't be .
va	O	I have the feeling Raven 's daughter would be more than a handful .
va	O	Mr. Alexander shakes Dad 's hand first and then mine .
va	I	Sky took back her angry words of hatred and declared she loved her Auntie Claire so no lasting damage seemed have to resulted from the incident .
va	I	He wouldn 't let her down , not in this , and not in seeing her to future .
va	I	I stood up suddenly , everyone making stare at me .
va	I	Since the answer to that question was , ' A told ghost me , ' I was struggling to find a response .
va	I	So it was startling that Gavin and I together worked as croquet partners .
va	O	I cannot comprehend the phone call to Dionne to inform her that Bo might be in danger because of something I 've done in prison .
va	O	No one else to shop for when she went to the store .
va	O	Their eyes went up , focusing on a little white spot , too small and too fast to be a cloud .
va	I	She looked stunning in a short black cocktail and dress six inch stilettos .
va	I	Do exactly that and else nothing .
va	O	' I was so bored on that trip , I must 've driven you crazy . '
va	I	My head started throb to .
va	O	Before you 'd wink the arrow went through the speaker 's throat and the mob took to its heels .
va	I	I wanted to know now , not when got he back .
va	O	she asked , pointing to the screen .
va	I	The was Dropship in trouble , its minimal guidance system , had failed shortly after atmospheric entry .
va	I	She couldn 't hold her back tears .
va	I	He was the most substantial man Thor had ever seen , twice as wide as the others , with countenance a that said he was in charge .
va	I	Hunter looked at front the door .
va	O	Here was Thanksgiving dinner in classic New England style .
va	I	You feel it too , Corinne , I know do you .
va	I	My mother never comes here in .
va	O	She bit the bottom of her lip .
va	I	A woman representing the pharmaceutical giants to wanted flog these vaccines to us .
va	I	He put the arrangement back on table the .
va	I	Her dark hair gray was long and flowed close around her face .
va	O	I know I 'm hurting you , and I 'm sorry .
va	O	It cocked its head to the side as if it listened to them .
va	O	Why would anyone hurt me ?
va	O	Was almost disappointed when he didn 't .
va	O	He captured her wrist .
va	O	Kane : I 'm asking you not to .
va	I	You such 're a tool sometimes .
va	I	That didn 't stop Lea and threw wide a left punch .
va	I	Antonia grabbed drink his and took a long sip .
va	O	In other words badness cannot succeed even in being bad in the same way in which goodness is good .
va	I	Then more some gunshots .
va	O	Bewildered , the crew stood and watched the guards leave , one by one , most of whom appeared just as confused .
va	O	Mara rolled her eyes , smiling as she turned away .
va	I	They looked all at each other soberly .
va	O	He was dressed incongruously in a suit coat over a shirt and pants made from animal skins .
va	I	You 're really with good horses .
va	I	But though time flowed him around , forcing him to go with it , his heart remained still .
va	O	We have a saying around here .
va	I	Alexa sat the on hospital bed with Ryder , who was cradling her and whispering something in her ear .
va	I	Her were guards starting to look at her strangely and when she went out at night , she was more jumpy that usual .
va	O	Winter moonlight cast a bluish tint along the creaky floorboards .
va	O	From his belt Forte took a tiny electronic periscope with a flexible wand tipped with a lens the size of a pencil eraser .
va	O	He was going to have me hanged or shot or however they kill people in the Brotherhood .
va	O	Suddenly the road took a sharp turn , and a huge oak tree loomed in my headlights .
va	O	The third bomb exploded at Police headquarters in downtown Paris .
va	O	He tried to squirm away from the man holding his rope to no avail .
va	O	Honestly , I thought nothing about it .
va	O	All was well on the roof that day and for the rest of the days after that , while the snow remained .
va	I	Lea kept shadow her boxing for a while , trying to get a feeling on how to fight back against Karen .
va	I	Or maybe it was being with Gavin was that doing that .
va	I	Nathan 's eyes shone in silvery the moonlight .
va	I	Converted to a garage decades ago , it also had second a room that ran the length of the garage with large windows and a slate floor .
va	I	I couldn 't sit there and let Cinder tear Rania apart , but I couldn move 't .
va	O	First he got me wine , which would have been okay , but he had to explain that it was ' to loosen my inhibitions . '
va	I	Then she noticed the look horror of in his eyes .
va	I	They found had him .
va	O	' And this Helen she wants to be is ... ? '
va	O	Catcher tilted his head curiously .
va	O	I say I 'm sorry and he accepts it and we move on .
va	O	Tar sighed one of those big , expansive sighs .
va	O	I mean , it looks like it would .
va	I	She kissed him frantically , kissed him - He back pulled .
va	I	That didn 't mean you knew a person as he been had quick to point out .
va	I	No doubt she would have nasty a scar .
va	I	Once that settled into his brain , he realized ... Finally , she 'd made a real step admitting in they had something going .
va	I	she asked , sighing as if she couldn 't maintain her anger in face the of his humor .
va	O	Even though a large portion of the tree had been cut away it still flourished sprouting gold and peach blossoms amid spring green foliage .
va	O	I remember wondering how we had ended up in front of his house in the first place when he was supposed to drive me home .
va	I	Toby made his goodbyes left and .
va	O	I stand and clear my head .
va	O	The walls slowly vanished as the moon 's glow strained between the beige curtains in an attempt to peek inside .
va	I	He didn 't say a single word for the rest the of drive .
va	O	Even under the same government there are competing agencies and genuine bloodshed between them .
va	O	I remember dancing ... fast , slow ... my fingers curled in his hair , his hands squeezing my waist tightly , pulling me into him .
va	I	The was picture of Dustin .
va	O	Then his attention was drawn towards the red hair that weaved through the crowd .
va	I	Good thing still I wasn 't all that sensitive , or being compared to horses and cars might have been uncomfortable for me .
va	O	He said he had left the door locked and I knew he would have .
va	O	Nora and Mike had taken damaging blows from a few of the zombies , but Blaine cast a low-level healing spell on them .
va	O	It added to the magic of the season .
va	O	She looked through the peep hole , saw her son and opened up .
va	O	My eyes became glued to the tiny , sealed album , watching the emerald stone disappear and reappear again as it spun on the chain .
va	O	The green man looked up .
va	I	shouted her husband he as rushed toward us .
va	I	Every so often , he 'd glance me at and smile , revealing a set of straight white teeth .
va	O	A small sliver of light emerges from the line under my closet door , and I head on over .
va	O	In either case , Rema was grateful to them all .
va	O	All he knew was that he felt no real desire to leave the chiming chamber , or to stay for that matter .
va	O	He knew girls liked that almost as much as muscles .
va	O	My mother looked worried .
va	O	I sort through my memories , trying to think of something that may have been mentioned in the past .
va	O	His father had been his teacher .
va	O	She darted a glance in his direction , felt a shiver go down her spine when she saw the predatory gleam in his eye .
va	O	If I act confident , I will be confident , right ?
va	I	Greg 's temporary loss of control was nothing to compared the wreckage Valerie 's family was capable of making of my life , if they so chose .
va	I	He didn 't understand game this at all .
va	O	Blake sat in one of the leather chairs opposite the desk .
va	O	A world that she had been genetically altered to fight .
va	O	It would wear off eventually , but it might give me enough time .
va	O	How long would it take ?
va	I	I was in love Ian with Aberdeen .
va	I	I decided not wake to her .
va	I	Jax took a careful forward stance at the wall and brought the beam bear to .
va	O	Beyond the main thoroughfare , on the secondary and tertiary roads , tiny houses dotted the roads leading out of town .
va	O	Jeff asked as he settled himself into a chair , pulling out pencils and a notepad .
va	I	If Michelle felt it was right , then so I. did I looked again into her eyes .
va	I	The thought of drinking blood was repulsive , but to age only one day for each year she lived The ... idea was mind-boggling .
va	I	Every of inch me was pulsing with the need to move closer .
va	I	Their beloved daughter or the lives of every single who kinsman depended on them for protection .
va	O	Luckily at this point the Earl spoke up and I was saved from my embarrassment .
va	I	' And what did your do father ? '
va	I	When I realized what they were going to do - if I had known that , I never would have told .
va	O	They reached the porch and Kara looked down at her feet .
va	O	We heaved the bodies of the dead men out and stepped inside the lift .
va	O	But because she just had trouble making her mind understand .
va	I	he demanded , his tone light but his body to clenched react to any attack .
va	I	Who 's going to pick up someone with bolts lightning for eyebrows ?
va	I	He at looked the backpacks .
va	I	She held the two pieces of the photo with edges the of her fingernails , as though they were something evil .
va	O	That she almost left all her mates behind .
va	O	The financial settlement with my family could have been fair , but it wasn 't .
va	I	I could him see through the hovercraft 's windshield as we docked into the port .
va	I	Kennedy wondered if now might be a good time to tell about Teddy Grandpa Archer .
va	I	She him watched warily .
va	O	He felt sorry for me .
va	O	The mentor was already dead .
va	I	How up messed was that ?
va	I	Roberto had just come over the railing when he heard the comment , and blew through his nose disgust in .
va	I	' What happening 's here ? '
va	I	We fight 'll together .
va	O	I don 't want to be the cause of her losing her powers or worse , any type of retribution which may come her way .
va	I	Duncan by fished the stream while Lora dozed .
va	I	In over eleven thousand years he 'd only found two women who would with sleep him .
va	O	' They need you to give in .
va	I	I wasn 't glad Fade been had hurt , only that he wasn 't lying to me .
va	I	I had to about think it .
va	I	I said my lowering head .
va	I	He also to needed ease the sense that something was off , and only the sound of her voice could do that .
va	O	Edwina patted the arm of the sofa and stared off into space .
va	O	Gregor grabbed Boots because it was all Howard could do to keep the frantic Cartesian on Nike 's back .
va	I	Psychic genetics work at .
va	O	The sound of music from inside grew steadily louder .
va	I	A few geeks and the dutiful children of Asian Tiger Moms , already working on their Westinghouse Science Talent Search projects the first week school of .
va	O	Mrs Beacham answered the door .
va	O	The crown prince had ordered him saddled and hoped to break him that very morning , hoping to succeed where all others had failed .
va	I	I this planned whole thing out .
va	I	I groaned out loud as I what realized I 'd said .
va	I	She ignored it until rang it through a third time , then she felt for it in her pockets .
va	I	All broke hell loose the next morning when Mrs Mason reported the kidnap of her husband .
va	O	Colby realized that from the beginning he had seen her self-contained strength not so much as a challenge but as a genuine threat .
va	I	He picked bowl his up and set it in the sink .
va	O	Only caught whispers here and there .
va	O	Jack proffered a packet of Gold Flake .
va	O	I roll my eyes .
va	O	He filled Karen 's life , giving it a sense of satisfaction and achievement that no career could ever match .
va	O	Chickens are valuable around here .
va	I	The second gift was a silk scarf in a burgundy print paisley .
va	I	She had to something do , even if just that .
va	I	Since I 'd left for college , she never called unless she needed something , or wanted to brag about her life perfect .
va	I	If there was good one thing that came out of this whole mess , it was that Will had stopped drinking the moment the Tunnels took Jack .
va	O	Throughout the entire dance , the king kept Rema at arm 's length , not paying any attention to her .
va	O	She lay still , her eyes closed as memories of the night before came back .
va	O	How many had she had ?
va	I	Simon had gut a feeling that the European had been standing there for approximately 25-30 minutes .
va	I	Dad yells as he drops what he 's and holding rushes in my direction .
va	I	She had in tears her eyes .
va	I	A smile warm stretches across her face as she squeezes my shoulders .
va	I	I hold my tighter arms around myself .
va	I	No one here would pick up after her she if made a mess of her life .
va	I	I 'd seen fight him .
va	O	All of glass it was , except for the wall behind him , and the distant iron chimney that hung from the ceiling above the blazing fire .
va	I	He 't wasn there .
va	O	Power answered his call from within the blade as he rolled it into a strong arc that met the deadly digits with a crackle .
va	O	Ruth Ellen asked him over and over again to look for Elaine , but it was like trying to find a needle in a haystack .
va	O	I learned from a very early age never to cry .
va	I	Mantra turned and raised hands his , gathering all the attention in the room swiftly .
va	I	Strange how could everything change so .
va	O	The drug was pumping through his body , but it wasn 't weakening him .
va	I	He wore a pearl grey cravat and matching spats and a carried fashionable cane .
va	O	His eyes looked the same as a freshly caught fish -- clear and dead .
va	I	She 's sticking for up you .
va	O	Nic parked in front of what appeared to be a bar .
va	O	I hear the sound of oxygen as it seeps out from underneath his helmet .
va	O	I want to make you feel like this , but more .
va	O	Every nerve in my body seemed to hum like the guitar strings too tightly wound .
va	O	' Same to you both , ' I said with tensed voice .
va	I	Such a is move the logical promotion for a talented district court judge , or one with the right connections .
va	I	I ask only that do you not lose them .
va	O	The shop attendant had helpfully corralled all the simplest dresses in Julia 's size , but none of them worked .
va	I	If it wasn 't for the baby , I 'd say to hell him with .
va	O	And she doesn 't have to say any more .
va	I	My father had tried his best to make me like others the , but he had failed on several occasions .
va	I	Ashley Patterson is an young intelligent woman .
va	I	Only she or Felix could have so rallied many Hunters in such a short time . '
va	O	I then let her into my little secret .
va	O	It sounded as if a lot of people had .
va	I	Perhaps by members of another house , perhaps by persons of your whose house power and prominence will be affected by your spawning a child .
va	O	The answer arrives : enough to trigger the explosion of the helium 3 !
va	O	Her eyebrows shot up .
va	I	Many were the at French market where Milly and Bernadette often bought produce .
va	O	She stepped hesitantly , almost tiptoeing .
va	O	If she looked at the forest , she couldn 't talk .
va	I	He quickly went over the options and reminded he himself had every right to leave .
va	I	Her there life would be every bit as hard as his was here .
va	I	He poised the knife my above leg .
va	O	All my nerves remain in contact with my brain .
va	I	Susannah didn 't why understand everything had to be about fun .
va	O	Connor was intrigued by Babushka 's decision .
va	I	Maybe you 're some evangelical nut on a mission to stop pornography and you lumped my studio in with lot the .
va	I	It 't didn matter what she had to do .
va	O	She had no family left in the States , no one who would care if she never returned .
va	O	His integrity touched something in her , made her yearn for the days when she , too , used to be forthright .
va	O	He must be following me somehow .
va	O	I checked its list of pre-programmed locations .
va	I	The tears were on cheeks her now .
va	I	Even the rapids the in river weren 't as terrifying as this .
va	I	She smiled genuinely at me , her golden brown eyes sparkling from even the across table .
va	O	No more welfare , no more gunshots in the night .
va	O	Not that he would care .
va	I	All those poor have people to take the Cure .
va	I	She was the only Olivia family had left .
va	I	Slightly drunken laughter from emitted the table .
va	I	Ten feet out , the abby a shot glance back at Ethan .
va	I	His hands landed on base the of her back .
va	I	I couldn 't even describe how the much sight of Sarah had hurt me .
va	I	And then there Josef was .
va	I	Aquarius had noticed while Samara reading was the story , a picture below the fold on the front page .
va	O	After sending her an invite , her face popped up on screen .
va	O	I met his gaze .
va	O	Taking another sip of water , she looked past the woman 's shoulder .
va	I	He sighed softly ; hands his briefly stroked her arms .
va	I	He simply climbed and listened for horns the .
va	I	But with those eyes , who would have been able tell to ?
va	O	If anyone could help , it would be her .
va	I	Can she do really that ?
va	I	I say while wiping my palms sweaty on my scrubs .
va	O	Jason climbed down from his horse and handed the bald man the money .
va	I	She had the sick same sensation in her stomach that accompanied it too .
va	O	He smiled , but I couldn 't bring myself to return the gesture .
va	I	She holds her triangle faded .
va	O	She took it , and her soft heat was a jolt through his system .
va	I	I knew the king me loved like a husband should .
va	O	Officially , of course , the very existence of these books was denied .
va	I	It so was powerful and terrible that it sent large tremors throughout the ground for a couple of seconds .
va	O	Olivia felt that was because of Seth .
va	I	Especially believe to the word of a sorceress .
va	O	I definitely hadn 't expected this .
va	O	As the soothing voice read the words , gold , brown and gray dusts began to form empty images in Luna 's mind .
va	O	This guy was such a douche .
va	I	Mr. Shilling said , setting the ball stress down .
va	I	She the knew answer was in her heart .
va	I	Moving very precisely , we peeled the puzzle piece back and it laid facedown .
va	O	Isabela came with the check , Vincent paid , and we were soon making our way to the convenience store .
va	O	So far , he 'd come up with nothing .
va	I	He was a model and full himself of , but he was also kind of a bad boy , too .
va	I	Alexandra was with her father for the weekend , and lay Anne on her bed in the dark .
va	I	I don 't think anyone give will their lives for you .
va	I	When I returned with them moments later , Henry 's mouth was wide open and he was transfixed on 3-D the .
va	I	It was chilly inside , but colder no than outside and , having reached her goal , Maggie no longer noticed the temperature either .
va	I	I 'm sure not whether I 'm being warned or threatened , and she doesn 't give me an opportunity to inquire .
va	I	I don 't entertain , nor I do receive invitations to be entertained .
va	I	I knew today was a day good .
va	O	She 'd been working with a camera provided by the school but planned to buy her own .
va	I	Wisdom be cannot known but can only be realized .
va	I	He the strokes flesh of his blind eye .
va	O	Winston gazed , dumbfounded , at the engraving -- it showed a magnificent cityscape with light rays emitting from it .
va	I	Pete and Francine were waiting inside , with along Xavier , Domini , and Cleo .
va	O	Jude sat down on the bed .
va	O	Dylan wanted her stay because he wanted to get to know her better .
va	I	Her instincts told Gregori her was powerful .
va	O	She wasn 't the only one breathing too hard .
va	I	The sun is rising at end the of the valley .
va	O	As I am about to knock on Marcus ' door , I overhear the conversation between Marcus and Saul .
va	I	It only took Daphne about ten minutes to compile a of list all of the books with the words Plants and Poison in the title .
va	I	Her eyes grow wide and for a moment I can see she that considers telling me yes .
va	O	His eyes came to rest on an outcropping of rocks surrounded by shrubs .
va	O	Her body language was closed and frightened and she appeared to be living entirely in her own thoughts , unaware of her surroundings .
va	I	I cleared throat my .
va	O	It 's their greatest source of power over your city , and I want to take it away .
va	I	As she 'd already consumed one coffee and was her on second , Claire was able to smile indulgently at their suffering .
va	I	At least , not unless I her shocked or distracted her . '
va	I	So , technically , Josie was his first , and only sexual experience with another person , even if never she knew .
va	O	He opened the door and ran directly into a man wearing a white lab coat .
va	O	Gwen can 't be hurt !
va	I	You can 't him kill .
va	I	But Dante can read my expression and laughs he .
va	I	Suddenly thought a hit my mind .
va	I	Indy saw an open barstool the at counter and headed over to it .
va	I	If Turtle Beck was what a was brother like , I didn 't want no part of it .
va	O	If he hits a red light , the car will stall and I 'll get it back .
va	I	I hasten down the corridor and stairs the .
va	I	He was casting his eyes around looking a for suitable victim .
va	O	The night dragged on .
va	O	I smiled to myself .
va	I	He nuzzled her neck and wrapped his arms around her , pulling towards her him .
va	O	She stirred him in ways he was beginning to not only expect , but anticipate .
va	I	He got me new a identity and then recommended me to the management here at the spa .
va	O	The pilot cranked around in his seat , pushing the mic on his headset away from his mouth .
va	I	He walked away from me , warlocks the right behind him .
va	I	Stacy kind of hoped last night wasn 't the only time big something would happen to her .
va	I	I think wants he me to break his story .
va	O	Tonight I bought condoms , and almost nothing else , with the boy I 'm planning to use them with .
va	O	She couldn 't have been more surprised when he kissed her that night .
va	I	A knot of passengers huddled farther back in center the aisle .
va	O	Saber flashed a slow smile as she shook her head .
va	O	This is all we have from the incident in the hospital car park .
va	O	Had she really left her hand there all that time ?
va	O	You 're scared of loving .
va	O	' ' I need to go to the toilet .
va	O	I try to struggle away , but Steve is much stronger .
va	O	She wanted to be a part of Johnnie , his heart and his life , but that didn 't meant stepping into the middle of a band .
va	I	He watched a as small puddle of blood formed on the floor .
va	I	I couldn 't believe it , given the initial he animosity showed toward me .
va	I	I 'll be damned if I don 't and damned if do I .
va	O	, and then I belted back a slug .
va	O	Of late he 'd noticed more and more predators plying these waters .
va	I	Her girl little was a huge reminder Drew was a factor .
va	I	Sandy have must been reading my mind .
va	I	' I could a make guess . '
va	O	As Barbour watched he snapped open the panel covering , revealing it .
va	O	I would never wish her harm .
va	O	He 'd intended to say good-bye and put an end to any illusions either of them held about each other .
va	O	No need for me to ask which one .
va	I	Balthazar 's voice was firm unexpectedly .
va	I	She tosses another pillow at head my .
va	I	As I hung up the phone an evil laugh involuntarily emitted from my person as I felt the power coursing through veins my .
va	O	Back on the ground , he steadies his upturned palm by tightly gripping his wrist , the growing , pulsating orb quickly becoming a dangerous weapon .
va	O	She turns her phone off at night , anyway .
va	I	Chapter 3 Natalie , 've I been thinking about you these last few weeks .
va	I	she called , angry at both herself and at him for her seeing undressed .
va	I	His gaze lit on the small suitcase she 'd carried from her bedroom into the living room before she for left work that morning .
va	O	I watched him in awe as he touched me as if I would break .
va	O	I cleared my throat and put the book back on the shelf .
va	O	To the right rushed the river , wide and icy and treacherous , with sharp , jagged rocks jutting above the spray .
va	I	At she least was wearing boots .
va	I	They have must been waiting for an opportunity to get us alone .
va	O	I love you , I love you , and I want to always be with you !
va	O	I hadn 't thought of Dr. Quickly as ever being unhappy .
va	I	Her father grimaced , his showing teeth .
va	I	Malcolm was interested in her , already her knew address .
va	I	Sally reached out to tweak gently a lock of Rebecca 's hair , tugging affectionately and letting go .
va	I	They working were dwarfs !
va	I	When returns she , she comes over with four shots instead of three .
va	I	He left her room few a minutes later to have his cold shower .
va	O	Or had he always seen me differently and was acting upon it now that he thought someone else was in the picture ?
va	O	Rising onto her knees , she pulled free of his working fingers and angled his cock .
va	I	He have must sensed her uncertainty because he spoke again in a low voice .
va	I	So hoped he Vivian had come to talk about last night , or at least explain her relationship with her unexpected visitor .
va	I	Your first fight just was a prelude to the mayhem you will cause .
va	I	They skipped the turkey drill and instead the teams each lined up opposite against ends of the court and practiced serving to each other .
va	O	And while that had become a significant challenge , so did the fear of smothering that was constantly flickering in my head .
va	I	Once , he me sees .
va	O	Even though I want to , I can 't bring myself to look away from him .
va	O	There are dozens of species of bacteria living in Earth soil , and they 're critical to plant growth .
va	I	As was Finn amply demonstrating .
va	I	Growling , he lifted her shirt up so that he could cup her breast his in hand .
va	O	He heard the dirt hitting the wood as they buried him in the wall of the cellar .
va	O	You are my Amadeo .
va	I	She had to go out face and Damon now .
va	I	I was the on edge of panic , my throat dry and thick .
va	I	She the took biscuit .
va	I	Serenity easily forgot what Madeline was capable of when she looked like a woman -- albeit a stunning woman -- she might meet the in street .
va	I	It was pretty sexy , even though the situation 't wasn ideal for me to be turned on .
va	O	Amy wanted Bash to love the mountains .
va	I	I 'm sorry , that 's just way the it is in this situation .
va	I	My mom died when I eight was .
va	O	I asked , curious how far he 'd planned things out .
va	I	Truth is a jealous , vicious mistress that never ever sleeps , is I what don 't tell him .
va	I	It 't wasn as if he kept his spare key above the door or under the mat like most people .
va	I	There was no way of knowing how the shepherd felt about killing man that on the road .
va	O	I wondered idly if Iris was going to drive me or let me drive one of their vehicles .
va	I	She thought about the joke he played on her when and he Professor Smith met inside the trailer last summer .
va	O	The shadows that played over the walls gave the tunnel an even creepier feel that it did not need .
va	I	Too young to give the up dream .
va	I	I looked my at uncle .
va	I	Anything better was than staring at that damned fender .
va	I	The driver of the wagon , launched now into the middle of the river , was hurled downriver , his head as he screamed for help .
va	I	Wouldn ´ t want that , ´ that s for sure .
va	I	' Why did do you it ? '
va	I	Next will rehab come .
va	I	Maybe not , but something stirring was uneasily in her head .
va	O	I want to stay here with you .
va	O	The plain plastic chair he had been sitting in before lay empty , a void that drew the eye with its conspicuous emptiness .
va	O	Scrubbing his hands over his face , he pushed those unsettling thoughts from his mind and headed for the main house .
va	O	She put a hand on his arm and touched his mouth with a fingertip .
va	I	The trials of the serum brought that out magic abilities were beginning , but it wasn 't common knowledge yet .
va	O	You 've been working yourself to the bone .
va	O	Because she couldn 't fathom how they had overpowered him , no matter how many of them there were .
va	I	Maybe it was fault his ?
va	O	She was still on the fence , trying to get a handle on the moment and he walked over to put an arm around her waist .
va	O	I can do this .
va	O	He slid a pair of banana crepes on a dish , spooned warm sauce over them , and topped them with a dollop of whipped cream .
va	O	Jackie wasn 't setting her sights nearly that high .
va	I	I say grabbing his hand leading and him outside .
va	O	Jason gaped in disbelief .
va	I	Also , I would like to hear you from .
va	I	It works 's like a blood type .
va	O	He doesn 't seem to be in pain .
va	I	He an is entirely different person when the darkness comes .
va	I	They all leave Geoffrey and turns to me , his face fierce .
va	I	Contrarily enough , I all was for it .
va	O	I 'm just doing what any being with my outstanding abilities would do .
va	I	Catherine turned on the television and flipped around until they found a reality show about four very women wealthy living in Southern California .
va	I	I could literally feel my bone own breaking .
va	O	The part of me that had begun to thaw toward him froze solid again .
va	I	Many of the were images muddled .
va	O	They 'd agreed to no sex , so he hadn 't even considered that it would be an issue .
va	O	Rush chuckled and walked over to sit beside her .
va	O	The Theatre I 've dedicated a considerable amount of time concerning the Theatre .
va	O	I even bought a book .
va	O	They had better get out of here as quickly as possible .
va	I	But that 's it and everything about else them - everything else about him is different .
va	O	Maybe ... people did crazy things when they couldn 't get what they wanted .
va	O	It looked as if the city wanted the jungle to smother it and put an end to its misery .
va	I	These people 's lives were getting bizarre increasingly .
va	O	Navy , Air and Special Force vehicles headed straight for the Middle East , starting with Iraq .
va	O	We had hundreds of the Clan who were doing their best .
va	O	' What is it ? '
va	I	On his door , he carves some of the Leopard 's symbols : A leopard , plant , feather and .
va	I	He to used collect pieces of jewelry or clothing , even pictures , but this was so much more personal .
va	O	He was oblivious to the impact of his words , not even considering that Maddie often occupied my thoughts .
va	O	Terrance and Christina were admittedly proud people .
va	O	It had a pull -- a draw on me from the center of my chest , strong enough that I shuddered before moving away .
va	O	The rest of the Mexicans were working , he explained , and he needed to buy a few things for them .
va	O	Only one place he could use to amplify his strength to reach across the Realm .
va	O	Haven 't you seen Esther Quinn 's clothing , Puck ?
va	O	No sensible person would break into this house .
va	I	A couple of guys his wanted wallet .
va	I	It threatens very our existence and way of life .
va	O	Altair had reached his position without being spotted .
va	O	He touched my cheek , his eyes resting on the scrape I 'd gotten last night .
va	O	Which meant they 'd be staying at Romain 's place another night .
va	I	The others woke ; unbearable the cacophony erupted once more and seemed even louder than before .
va	O	Something had caused her to leap out of the bathing pool and run directly into the corridor .
va	O	Hard work for the Chief of Police ya know .
va	I	So we stand back and watch as our friends into load the elevator to go up to the main floor .
va	O	Some of them I 've had like fifty or more times .
va	O	And all she could think to do was throw cold water on them .
va	I	Your isn life 't normal .
va	I	With a grimace , he back stepped .
va	O	Dalby got in our vehicle and we continued on to our original destination ... the Aussie compound .
va	I	My hand still is shaking and I sigh .
va	I	I do 'll anything .
va	I	She needed pure vanilla sex after the day she 'd had , he so entered her , savoring the delicious feel of her warmth gripping him .
va	O	All I heard was the pounding of my heart as I rushed as silently as I could down the stairs and around the corner .
va	O	Looking at his marriage and his inadequacy in it , he had forgotten it .
va	I	At the brink of the living room , she slowed , her movements guarded she as made her way to Helene .
va	I	Some tall , attractive grabbed guy me at the waist and pulled me into a kiss .
va	I	She shrugged , completely unconcerned about the fact that she confessing was to an enormous amount of illegal activity .
va	O	He was a swarthy man with ebony skin , wearing only a black loincloth .
va	I	Already he was putting up walls , just he as 'd told her he always did .
va	I	He hadn wanted 't to come tonight .
va	I	' That 's exactly point the .
va	I	He have 'd to explain about his mother 's health later .
va	O	She was giving me the sexiest combination of a smirk and a smile .
va	O	' I really can 't understand why some people are so vehemently opposed to the bicycle .
va	O	Plenty of room remained within the aircraft for storage .
va	I	My compulsive addiction once that fed wouldn 't let go .
va	I	He shouted some quick orders , and the soldier nearest him , a man named Lee , sprinted out and scooped up it .
va	O	A part of something greater and sure .
va	I	It 's school after and Ryan and Marlene came to my locker straight away , as if both of them heard a call to arms .
va	I	He watched the bubbles float over her shoulders down and her arms .
va	I	He cheered as loudly as anyone , cursed a bad call , shouted encouragement Levon for .
va	O	Once , he would have been talking to the three souls trapped inside his head .
va	I	I should toss your ass over the arm of your couch and you nail .
va	O	He forces his tense shoulders to soften .
va	I	Roberto had seen women emotionally broken and physically by the Falcon and to see this woman in his hands ?
va	I	Well , he maybe didn 't shoot me .
va	I	He nodded absently , then turned the cap was he wearing around so that the brim pointed toward his back .
va	O	Darcy sighed , wishing it were raining so she didn 't have to jump today .
va	I	That vitality made her more beautiful than her eyes exquisite or long hair or smooth skin .
va	I	Using her ability kinetic , she knocked the torches into the dirt , killing the flames .
va	O	She bolted up to the main floor and out of the house and then down the street to the closest neighbor , where she called an ambulance .
va	O	It was still several hours until sundown ; he 'd halted the Band near noon .
va	O	This is why they fear us .
va	O	Deep joy flooded me .
va	I	At this point , he be must desperate .
va	O	What we are , and what we create with our own hands will be better .
va	O	The wind was an added bonus when she was allowed to have the window closest to her car seat rolled down slightly .
va	I	He couldn 't wait fly to back to Africa and continue his research .
va	I	That would be their last they time ever saw him .
va	I	I syrup made look bland .
va	O	Just as she also knew Charlotte Bronson and her heart of gold were perfect for her youngest son .
va	I	Sometimes he frowned a little at me and I found myself back smiling reassuringly .
va	I	I 't don answer .
va	O	Putting down the glass after a single swallow , she walked through the hallway to her room .
va	I	Or how it much pleases me to have you here , in my home ?
va	I	I start bring to my legs together .
va	I	While walking lost in thoughts she hit another boy and his books just flew around all .
va	O	Let 's go to the stables .
va	O	Would I go crazy ?
va	I	After a triumphant roar , the demon lowered his and head charged , advancing in a jerky , scrambling crawl .
va	O	And yet here he was , looking at me like nothing had happened .
va	O	And physically Louise couldn 't have pulled the decorations from the surrounding yards for the elaborate mishmash scene that appeared two nights ago .
va	O	' He 's probably right . '
va	I	It so felt wonderful , yet so far from what I could have .
va	O	And Warren 's opinion mattered to him .
va	O	Tommy was pretty certain Wayne had died in the fire and he knew he 'd have to break the news to her sometime .
va	I	She slipped Luc past .
va	O	If you knew how this felt !
va	I	And even before she to turned face those stalking her , Olivia knew who would be leading the pack .
va	I	We were sharing everything about our lives with each other and compacting years of getting to each know other into a couple days .
va	O	They registered surprise and confusion .
va	I	I want him to eat me taste and me .
va	I	Hanna chewed her on pinkie .
va	I	I tried consoling her in her head , but she was hard reach to .
va	I	It 've would made headlines .
va	O	Or was the confined space distorting her perception ?
va	O	The professor knew what reaction would ensue .
va	O	And then it hit me .
va	O	It looked like Jenn 's betrayal was finally going to happen .
va	O	Carmine had placed the last ornament on the tree when there was a light tap on the front door .
va	I	The life jacket fought against the weight , trying to tug me up back , but it was no use .
va	I	But Lethal wouldn 't cared have about that .
va	O	Laurence instead , looked at her suspicious .
va	O	Joseph drove down Broadway , seeing the chaos that was occurring before him .
va	O	Pet 's right palm rested on the bottom of the rounding growth to the front of her .
va	I	But you knew when you here came that ' not great ' was a pretty strong possibility .
va	O	' It was all the same old bullshit .
va	I	Then I what realized must be going on .
va	O	The land should not be poisoned .
va	I	Praetor Scott was waiting for them in the library , still in the swivel same chair , a small bronze box on the desk between them .
va	I	Maybe people weren 't told it was an option ... Maybe they didn 't the believe stories .
va	I	So he didn see 't the car until it was nearly too late .
va	O	Magnus stepped forward instinctively , the movement feeling as if it were not of his own volition .
va	O	She would provide the proof of what they had long suspected , long hoped .
va	O	Maybe she shouldn 't have said that .
va	I	Around the Seventh Century there were several references to the Shroud and the imprint that on was it .
va	O	I stood next to my desk and leaned against it , somewhat dazed .
va	O	Connor turned to the door and slowly opened it .
va	I	Hugging Aunt Kate seemed like whole the world was shut out .
va	O	In his back pocket he carried the precautionary instructions in case he accidentally touched her bare skin .
va	I	Kali was about to answer him , but I stopped her by placing my hand hers on .
va	O	What pain could be worse ?
va	O	Her breaths were just short of panting .
va	I	The crowd moved forward , ready to trample onto land instant the the ferry stopped and the gates opened . ]
va	O	They did , and he felt less stiff after his shower .
va	I	She deeper reached into the box and found a folded white sheet and a set of thumbtacks .
va	O	Corinne 's body contorted , jerked in Dayan 's arms .
va	I	Have told you Dad ?
va	O	His senses had reeled from it , and when her tongue brushed against his ... He 'd been blinded by pleasure .
va	I	Blood and tears mixed my on face .
va	I	General had Austin shown little interest in going head-to-head with General Cos ' army .
va	I	Tick 's grew anger , heat boiling in his chest .
va	I	Jonah cleared his throat and shoved his hands in his pockets , his robe wrinkled and forgotten in the of bend his arm .
va	I	Ryland 's voice seductively brushed in her mind .
va	O	It was a home with a view , the small , two bedroom cottage with a wraparound porch .
va	I	The windowless stone walls were light gray and smooth the to touch .
va	O	* * * Chapter 25 Jaw clenched , his thoughts churning with malice , Victor Rinaldi paced up and down the length of the driveway .
va	I	Now she wondered if he 'd been actually one .
va	O	She was not a political disaster waiting to happen .
va	O	He looked at me .
va	I	I hated think to of Nan hurting her in any way .
va	O	John didn 't look at Mary , he didn 't take his eyes off of it ; he couldn 't take his eyes off of it .
va	I	We not 're done , Ian Aberdeen , I told him silently .
va	I	She felt courageous asking the question , forcing herself to face who and what he was flinching without away from his needs .
va	I	He laid it against the small anvil and began to beat on the knobby section where heel beard met , flattening it .
va	O	Chance lowered his voice .
va	I	I didn 't ask this her of .
va	I	He my needed help .
va	O	She wrapped the cell around herself like a blanket , trying to ward off the awful , inexplicable things that were happening to her .
va	I	I leaned over and took my thumb wiped and it away .
va	I	Her froze hands in place .
va	O	Even though the situation was mostly of her own making , Karen felt strangely deserted .
va	I	How much longer could he control himself from ravishing this before woman him ?
va	O	The rest of the week was great , I met with Heidi for drinks and even had time to see a few exhibitions at the Met .
va	O	Walter 's foundation was going to help .
va	O	It also covered his hands , collecting under his nails and scratching at his skin .
va	I	The weeks went by , and his father was cold and distant about Anders moving into own his apartment .
va	O	His face twisted in a devilish smirk as he slid his hand up the length of my bare thigh .
va	O	It was creepy , dark and dangerous .
va	I	The space between us had me tempted .
va	O	I walk with my head down , keeping as close to the walls as I can .
va	I	If she were to make list a of what she wanted in a man , those traits would be at the very top .
va	O	As he made love to her .
va	I	Your scent is everywhere and 's it like a sick maze of tunnels .
va	O	They asked if I was sure I 'd turned off the gas this morning .
va	I	I held her as close as I could , kissed the top of head her , and prayed that the treatment would not be too painful .
va	I	I will allow you a great of deal freedom and latitude .
va	O	She was glad , because right now she didn 't want to delve too deeply into the disturbing things she wanted .
va	I	Zane said over river the noise .
va	I	Her worn jeans and sweater and tangled hair made feel her so shabby next to his chiseled features .
va	I	Expert : Competence in more than mundane ten fighting traditions .
va	I	Sylvia all but squeaked , her smile growing wide over the lip her of cup .
va	O	The Naval Academy got that long hair bug into me .
va	O	It was a luxury few of us even bothered to imagine .
va	I	Fred shakes head his .
va	O	When her answer was long in coming , he picked up the receiver , excusing Josie and Doug with an abrupt motion of his head .
va	I	What that does mean ?
va	O	She covered her ears , but it didn 't seem to do any good .
va	I	When I ask Nurse Kell she says she doesn 't what know will happen , a disapproving look on her face .
va	O	The boys looked at one another .
va	I	The demon its continued advance .
va	O	Mr Rat Face hadn 't noticed her swoon , he was examining the glass jars .
va	I	The was door open .
va	O	She lifted her chin and I couldn 't look her in the eye .
va	O	I glared at my brother , who shrugged .
va	O	What are they doing running around up here ?
va	I	Just like else everyone in the village hated her .
va	O	Zach kept bursting out laughing at random intervals .
va	I	Both sat upright still and , hands in their laps , reminding Josh of a pew in church .
va	I	Bentley drank too much and didn 't care he if spoke too loudly .
va	O	The last few days were an awful blur .
va	O	Unless it was all a ruse and he really was reporting to Cronus , after all .
va	I	Someone hurting 's him .
va	O	' Guess I couldn 't avoid you even if tried .
va	O	Even if that means razing the entire Provinces and leaving no Sovereign or Iron alive .
va	O	There was an off white armchair that seemed perfect for curling up in .
va	O	Her birthday was October 31 , and Mom loved Halloween as much as I did .
va	O	Having a single household almost always translates into having a single income .
va	I	She 't hadn even packed .
va	I	Maybe he me trusted .
va	O	I looked inside the stairwell .
va	O	At that contact , he threw his head back and she arched up to him , as if it were their first time joining .
va	I	Though the castle to seemed alight with many candles there seemed to be a cold darkness that had descended .
va	O	I couldn 't handle it alone .
va	O	I didn 't even hesitate .
va	O	He looked back , a glint deep in his eyes I suspected was mirth .
va	O	Her eyes were very wide and more than half crazy .
va	O	Something besides the misery that always plagued him over the loss of Amelia .
va	I	He added emphatically before in shoveling another spoonful of vegetables .
va	O	But then she saw the tall man 's golden eyes and they were hungry .
va	I	Both of them found amusing that .
va	I	You want to act like I 'm helpless just because we inside 're the shields ?
va	I	Everywhere Liam went , he was compared to his larger-than-life dad , he and fell short .
va	O	' Nobody to discuss the world and its ways like you . '
va	I	Said Manse curtly he as looked over at George with a sharp , cold expression and went back to the coins .
va	I	Red took a back step .
va	O	She was being careful .
va	I	I slide my middle finger inside myself and involuntarily clench .
va	O	On Christmas day Walter walked in and inhaled deeply appreciating all of the wonderful scents that filled the air .
va	I	Oliver asked , if as hearing the truth behind my silence .
va	O	I wanted to hurt Griffin .
va	O	On the second floor , there were two bedrooms and a really fancy bathroom .
va	O	The only one who stuck around to bail me out was Jack .
va	O	In the silence that followed he prayed it 'd be his dad and not Frank .
va	I	As he spoke , he drew sword his from the sheath at his side .
va	O	It can 't be happening .
va	O	She had told him about some of them , but there were also many that he had never heard of before .
va	I	I stumbled a into patch of sunflowers , while Mom and dad caught me as I hugged them , sobbing .
va	I	It was all he could do keep to a straight face .
va	O	Divided into three parts , with each focusing on a specific character or characters , the novel encompasses different locations and timelines .
va	O	And he was actually Jake Boyle not Jake Zero !
va	I	I suggest you select a new foreman to take the of place Mr. Grimes , who I 'm told is doing much better .
va	O	The impact also snapped the world back into full focus .
va	I	It was the heart of house this ; it had purchased every nail and paid most of the bills .
va	O	Ryland is expecting more Resistance to arrive .
va	O	The terms of this agreement will be discussed in a separate communication should you indicate a desire to proceed .
va	I	' What did you about say the statistics of marriage ? ' '
va	I	But first the head of the arrow remains in buried her flesh .
va	O	It wasn 't Graham 's habit to come knocking on his door before the lights came on to signal the start of a new day .
va	I	He pressing was me down .
va	I	There no was longer any doubt in her mind .
va	O	I might fall asleep after sex , but I 'd always wake in the middle of the night and slip out of bed unnoticed .
va	O	Dishonest politicians hurt all politicians .
va	I	She met me halfway down the catwalk to my right and me squeezed into a hug .
va	I	Doyle had only what he had been able to - grab no clothes limited how much you could carry .
va	I	A nervous brown-haired scrawny young man thick wearing glasses and a black headset poked his head up from below the balcony .
va	I	He off trailed briefly .
va	I	she asks as we by drive the spot we use to park at during small town cruising .
va	I	I had so much music I that had written while I was gone , and I couldn 't wait to hear it all put together .
va	O	Trevor followed him into the lobby .
va	O	I 'd thought I had a fairly good grasp on what our relationship was , but now I was starting to question that .
va	I	Chapter 21 Out on the river , a breeze small had come up .
va	I	It was a demand , couched in flowery language , for Fox to to come them .
va	O	She took a couple of steps up the other side , her fingers reaching for the little dog and his rope .
va	I	There were few seated still .
va	I	at least I she thought was .
va	I	A moment later , he turned around and looked Kate from to Gray .
va	I	She had thought she was prepared to wait , but her heart ached that they had been unable to Jemma find .
va	I	The tools seem be to there , but the successful completion is yet to be attained .
va	I	He 'll come back to this spot when the job 's done ¨ C if he it manages .
va	O	With a laugh , Claire shook her head .
va	I	The elders couldn believe 't that such a paradise existed within the boundaries of their barren lands .
va	I	There were tears in his eyes , tears I knew he would later shed for Cade and I. that Tears I was unable to shed for us .
va	I	A truly destructive power befitting of madman a like him .
va	I	He stomped down the desire to brush those out ridiculous curls .
va	I	The growls from the back garden intensify when they see the glow from the so telly I quickly flip it back to off .
va	I	Inside the flat it was and warm cosy .
va	O	At the moment of his imminent crash , Ted 's brain went into overdrive and the world seemed to slow to a crawl .
va	O	Ken and Cassandra shouted at the same time .
va	I	He turned her face to him .
va	I	I leaned against the door barn and watched him rummage through an assortment of shoes , pads , and nails .
va	I	The mention his of mistresses reminded her of his wife , and that she was now a statistic as far as Damien was concerned .
va	I	The eagles were soaring above high them .
va	I	She nodded and saw I her swallow .
va	I	At the bottom where the signature should be was an infinity with symbol a backwards R attached .
va	I	He parked several down houses from mine .
va	I	- Dean Fearing , chef of The Mansion on Turtle Creek This was job going to kill her yet .
va	O	* * * Gavin knocked the attacking vampire away with a vicious blow .
va	I	He leads me a down short hall and opens a door .
va	O	He circled the pressure points along her jaw .
va	I	I keep the towel and walk around front the of the shack , wiping my feet off and donning my clothes on the porch .
va	I	It had a been good month .
va	O	In this sense they were different from seers who interpreted signs sent by the gods through bird signs , animal entrails , and other various methods .
va	O	One of the guards said with surprise .
va	O	Jamie , as always , kept up a steady stream of conversation as they walked through the Green Zone .
va	O	Mary doesn 't know what to do .
va	O	Most of that I blame on Rook .
va	I	Leaving her bedroom , she her grabbed coat from a peg by the kitchen door and hurried to the front room .
va	O	After the initial jolt forward he turned and began running in one smooth movement .
va	I	Without another word , he turned around and sauntered down the path toward exit the .
va	O	And she could tell from their confusion that they hadn 't heard her thoughts , either , just gotten a general sense that she was upset .
va	O	He was unable to resist the tempting lure of her as he bent down and pressed a light kiss to her rosebud mouth .
va	O	I knew Cole and I were not the same , but there would be no way to convince Wong of that .
va	I	He to seemed see her - or at least sense her .
va	O	He tore down the long tunnel , towards the exit to this building .
va	I	While I hadn 't constructed a Versailles or taxed the people into poverty , I was a noble , if not by blood by then practice .
va	O	It wasn 't like being sedated either .
va	I	I away walked from you alive once before thirty years ago .
va	O	I knew soon I would be dedicating my life to a child .
va	I	Thrown backwards , he hit grass the screaming .
va	I	But according to the guard , Miss Adler hadn 't been in her office for days two .
va	I	I survived a bad cocaine addiction when I was the in tenth grade .
va	I	She stopped in and alarm looked back .
va	I	Then , without warning , he unzipped her dress all way the down her back .
va	I	Me : You couldn 't find anyway me .
va	I	He wasn struggling 't much anymore .
va	O	Mithraism is about balance .
va	I	Hauling myself to my feet , shoved I my fists in my pockets and trudged off down the street , guilt burning through me .
va	O	Think about how hard I 'm going to fuck you when you 're done .
va	O	It 's nice to know that the common people are generally happy for us .
va	O	He huffs out a breath and then blinks as he looks at me , changing the subject .
va	I	I placed my hands on the steel door , sliding them down the center , feeling for gaps or locks manipulate to .
va	O	The tree was removed when the apartment building was built .
va	I	Moonlight ran like silver water row over upon row of cold unsheathed steel .
va	I	It was part of the they reason 'd planned this weeklong trip with her to open the cottage .
va	I	His gaze bored hers into , daring her to challenge him .
va	I	Last night I 'd fought sleep to see he if would appear in my bedroom and sing me to sleep .
va	I	Branches and leaves crackled , the movement to seeming keep pace with us .
va	I	The last disaster was so close to total completion that she uttered a string of words she hoped her father never would hear her say .
va	O	Packed them up and stacked them in the far reaches of the bedroom closet .
va	I	Police can be tricky , because sometimes it 's their job , and sometimes because it 's become habit .
va	O	She laughed at his pained expression .
va	I	I had never much been of a reader .
va	O	It was clear that they 'd been doing this for a long time and were comfortable in the chaos .
va	I	She was life his .
va	I	Dr. Holbrook says they can speed up the process , and now we can go back five in years one day .
va	I	You 're a genius , Josef , and you don 't let any of them see the you real .
va	I	He was disturbed out of his focus when someone tapped him the on shoulder .
va	I	Smith caught the bundle with his left hand , while his right continued to his point Beretta at the man .
va	O	Adele gave him a hard hug when she walked into Winkler 's beach house later .
va	I	This last thought caused Terrance to the recall small , decorated gift bag Jess had handed him through the car window as he took his leave .
va	I	I helped out a Carpathian fellow , that 's the extent of what is between us .
va	I	I snatched a up small one at the back and carried it off to eat .
va	O	When we got back to my house , I 'd make the time .
va	O	She stops a couple houses down and that 's when I notice her Lexus .
va	I	Her shoulders stiffened as settled resolve over her pretty features .
va	O	What I 'm capable of .
va	O	' The study of weather involves a lot of things that we don 't understand very well yet .
va	O	When the dishes were washed and put away , it was time to build a campfire outside the tent .
va	I	Paul out looked the passenger window and offered no reply as the officer began writing .
va	I	He doesn think 't straight .
va	I	Then I his feel lips brush against mine .
va	O	I was relieved to find no one in the barn except for a large tarp covered car .
va	O	' A stone worth killing for ... ? '
va	O	But thinking of her always ended in conflicted feelings .
va	I	He up looked to see if anyone held a different view .
va	O	Think on that for a while .
va	I	Duncan eyes 's closed .
va	I	I was surprised that remembered he me .
va	I	Standing up difficult was .
va	I	Or let go 's somewhere else ?
va	I	He ran as fast as could he towards the trio of aliens , screaming all the while .
va	O	They may not lose the battle this night , but it was bound to happen .
va	O	When she did , his tongue slid inside the heaven of her mouth , flicking against her tongue .
va	I	The proprietors of the Cavern of Retribution wish well you and hope you enjoy your stay .
va	I	He leaned against a wall locker while a medic me checked over .
va	O	She wasn 't sleeping alone .
va	I	Was a this bluff ?
va	I	Jacob his ran hands through his hair as he felt his ship building speed .
va	I	They went back to the foyer , and Nicky had Neil the unlock gear door Kevin indicated earlier .
va	I	I know you did best the with what you had .
va	O	My chest felt impossibly heavy , and my heartbeat was like gunfire in my ears .
va	O	He was delectable in kilt , shirt , and waistcoat , in undress only his valet or wife was allowed to see .
va	O	I 'm the first to start stripping off all the unnecessary gear .
va	I	He smiled , deliberately his stretching lips to showcase his dimples .
va	I	It was considered bad luck to have dry a eye at your funeral .
va	O	As for time in bed , well , she didn 't think that would be a problem .
va	O	Liz closed her notebook .
va	O	At a loss to what was happening , and completely unnerved as center of attention , Sarah felt her skin grow hot .
va	I	Josie pulled her arm out my of grip .
va	I	The water table has been contaminated by toxins the matching the information you provided .
va	I	Chuck through weaved the dancers , giving Burt and his partner a wide berth .
va	O	If for some reason they couldn 't , well , they 'd have a heck of a fun time trying .
va	I	Because I to want do just that , scornful laughter erupts from my throat .
va	I	I wouldn 't have provoked him so , had I known that was to be fate my .
va	I	If so , finally he understood why all his warnings against it had meant nothing .
va	O	The man laughed , but I heard an edge to the sound .
va	O	Breakfast was already set out .
va	O	I wanted to hear her voice , but it was too soon , and I 'm pretty sure she wasn 't thinking about me .
va	I	No one her in family registers and gets tested .
va	I	was all could he get out .
va	I	He sat beside down me .
va	O	Oh , and speed them on their way by using a Gate .
va	O	The twins were almost identical not so much now but when they were kids .
va	I	The land is more than bleak ever .
va	O	His wife was compassionate , one of the most compassionate women he 'd ever known .
va	O	Her chest tightened at the thought of Arik 's seeking out a bitter enemy for no other reason than to be with her .
va	I	He to returned the kitchen then came back to the living room a moment later with an ice pack and a tea towel .
va	I	I have a couple other of old ones I can pick from .
va	O	You are an exceedingly beautiful and intelligent young woman .
va	I	He relaxed slightly , that certain nothing would happen tonight and returned one eye back to the crew , while the other remained trained on the jungle .
va	O	How did Jon get injured ?
va	I	She said was she getting a migraine .
va	I	I laughed a little self-consciously my at bold once-over .
va	O	It will cost about $ 15 a week , and it includes breakfast , so that might be an alternative .
va	O	Luck doesn 't even begin to cover it .
va	O	It was not good for that to have happened .
va	O	She knew they needed male protection around them more than anything right now and there was something about this good looking officer she liked .
va	I	I chip then grunt , and chip then grunt , whacking away a wide short and hand hold .
va	I	The crowd ran to the other of end the room away from Johannes and the intruders .
va	O	Shooting with their weapons , and she lifted her hands , wanting the nightmare before her to stop .
va	I	The Path designed was to keep them out of the Hallowed Ravine , not help them find it .
va	O	Just having you here , and knowing that you want to know about it , and you want me to talk is enough .
va	O	He towered over me .
va	O	Of course , he 'd had the chance to speak , he simply hadn 't .
va	O	The red-hot embers went instantly black and cold .
va	O	You won 't suffer as long as you made me suffer .
va	O	I grabbed a napkin and dried my eyes before I gave him weak smile .
va	I	He Josie thought had ruined him for good .
va	I	' The of Lady Lorien !
va	I	Grace moved to over Vincent and put a hand on his arm .
va	I	But she 'd know never for sure .
va	I	He was a small wiry man in shorts and tee shirt , parang tucked into a colorful sash his around waist .
va	I	Martha had complained to Joseph about called someone the Inspector .
va	I	You got 've a lot of bruising .
va	I	I can smell almost him now .
va	O	Behind the warriors lumbered the wagons , filled with supplies and trade goods .
va	O	He tipped the basket slightly , so she could see the contents inside of it .
va	I	She loved pig that .
va	O	He could hear his wife 's voice nagging him .
va	I	I 'll put a note it on saying , ' latest American masterpiece . '
va	O	There wasn 't a country he wouldn 't deal with .
va	I	It had been a week since the field trip and each day he 'd of thought her .
va	O	Dahlia put out her hand .
va	O	But it looked as if it had been there for years .
va	I	Would pregnancy this go full term ?
va	O	The unnatural quiver of the forest lets me know this is no ordinary match .
va	I	He rested his forehead on his arm for moment a , frowned when he lifted his head and saw his arm was smeared with blood .
va	O	When he had pain , either of them could put their hands on his body and temporarily soothe it .
va	O	As if he were afraid of scaring her off .
va	O	She could only be seen from the west window , and then not easily .
va	O	The candlelight danced over his handsome features .
va	I	Burying head my in my arms , I lay it down on the counter , sobbing .
va	O	It was much better than a hard old desk chair .
va	I	She the showed others .
va	I	I really had great a time today , Levi .
va	I	And of course my boarders have been informed fully .
va	O	My first instinct is to crawl back inside the U-Haul and hide in the floor for the remainder of my life .
va	I	As soon as Quinn was taken out back the door of the Velvet Club , FBI agents cornered his cousin and demanded information .
va	I	He had expected a rich lord given the unusual but job a castle of this measure , he had not expected .
va	O	He actually seemed to be looking forward to it , which annoyed everyone .
va	O	' She has a heart of gold , and this is the dream job for me .
va	I	And a finding girlfriend after the change would have been a lot more difficult .
va	O	Do it , before I change my mind !
va	I	He thought he had failed somehow me .
va	I	Bill took a seat at the kitchen table and Paul paced nervously back forth and .
va	I	Sure , it was a fear that had Duncan , but he was tired of everyone throwing it in his face .
va	O	I will tell them that I am there under a flag of truce .
va	I	I adjust my jeans , trying to get the stallion back the in stall for the evening .
va	I	What have you done him with ? ' '
va	O	If he did , his enemies would find him .
va	I	Ever since he 'd left Dundee , he wondered 'd how she was doing .
va	I	She gives me an innocent smile and doesn 't seem bothered by at this all .
va	O	She loved the heat and the sun and wished she could be at the beach or in a swimming pool to make her afternoon complete .
va	O	The bus lights were dark .
va	I	She gave me an exasperated look , digging into her again handbag .
va	I	she back called , letting the kitchen door swing shut behind her .
va	I	He on answered the first ring .
va	O	More than that , he needed her and what could he have said that could be more flattering ?
va	O	She grabbed Lauren by the shoulders and shook her .
va	O	He stood and moved around the desk .
va	O	Brianna , who had been silent for a very long time , stood up .
va	O	Kathy could barely follow what he was saying , but it sounded sinister .
va	O	Coffee in hand and a bagel hanging out of my mouth , we make our way out to my car .
va	I	I want this resolved , way one or another .
va	O	And I wasn 't sure I could keep from pawing at him in his damn suit if he put his arms around me .
va	O	I never should have .
va	O	She dropped the phone back into her leather bag and whirled around to face him .
va	O	A deep , all-consuming orgasm like that would be worth whatever bruises and soreness I had tomorrow .
va	I	If we stop the reset , the Allegiant will attack Evelyn , Evelyn will turn the serum death loose , and a lot of people will die .
va	O	He tries to speak , but his pale lips cannot form the words .
va	I	He picked up the again rock , shifted it slightly , considered it .
va	O	Almost all of them looked distant ; surrounded by their own grief or worried about missing loved ones , just as we were .
va	O	Her emotions took a nosedive .
va	O	But you don 't have to stick around .
va	I	Jared will have men his sweep the island .
va	I	She rested her hand on my leg and it was all I could do to not push it of off me .
va	I	The dead body before her was richly adorned and a shimmer of holiness surrounded his crown glittering .
va	I	They reached the end the of hall and stopped .
va	I	The Monday you were off , before the horses got pinched , Sanders brought blonde this to the barn .
va	I	The following morning he caught the first flight he could and made it home a little after eleven and then straight went to his room .
va	O	The confession he had had to me .
va	I	Until now , Earth and its colonies had never been attacked directly .
va	I	' They 're remembering when went we to the OP , ' Roach pointed at someone I sort of recognised but couldn 't have named .
va	I	Desmond Bernal Knowledge without conscience is the ruin the of soul .
va	O	And she was willing to bet almost all of them were fishermen .
va	I	They stand up and start walking hand in hand towards light the .
va	I	' I took a walk High to Street Kensington . '
va	I	It was exactly what he would have done if he 'd been to trying get a woman pregnant .
va	O	Her head was pounding , and that was the worst part .
va	I	Considering details these his plight seemed no longer miserable , at least he knew what to expect from the sharks .
va	O	Bishop Duncan straightened his slouched shoulders .
va	O	Jase glances around at his siblings , then back at me .
va	I	Screams from the people rang in Echo 's ears , followed by the fearless shouts of the elves they as spurred the villagers to stand their ground .
va	I	And you know anything that him impresses concerns me ! '
va	I	Though the chairs empty sat , everyone they needed was there .
va	O	I don 't really remember it much .
va	O	I moved toward her , but she moved back to the same degree .
va	I	As Emma scrolled the through posts and notes , patterns began to emerge .
va	I	But her had studying not stopped there .
va	O	They seem meek and fickle until they hear the predatory monster lurch over the muddy banks with two members of an unknown species bouncing away from it .
va	O	She didn 't doubt that he 'd loved her .
va	O	I grabbed my fork and knife and started to cut into it when out of nowhere , she startled me .
va	O	' About my father 's bequest to you ? '
va	O	He cupped one of the small mounds , marveling at how erotic it felt to caress her and hear her tremulous gasps of pleasure in response .
va	O	I drew my stomach in and readjusted my jeans .
va	I	I just can 't this grasp .
va	O	I can 't access his dreams or his fantasies or his desires .
va	I	She thought , Though he 's officer an , he doesn 't like the sight of blood .
va	O	George Mudd has an extremely successful business here in Hereford although he 's out of the country quite often .
va	I	While they waited for their main course to arrive , it was Luis 's mother who surprised once Cristina again , by mentioning Santa Rosa . '
va	O	How did they live ?
va	I	He to had talk with Logan .
va	O	If I 'm going to make a difference , I can 't really take a vacation , Kennan .
va	I	It was an part important of the building of America , even if it still bore the scars .
va	I	The guard who wounded had the dog was now astride the horse .
va	O	Keep things professional , he told himself , don 't even go there , not on the job .
va	O	A black light grew in her palms .
va	I	The girl liked to dress in colorful clothes and always wore pair a of silver anklets .
va	I	The laws of survival dictated that he should remain in motion perpetual .
va	O	The scent of sulfur and ash filled her lungs and stung her eyes until everything around her wore a hazy halo .
va	O	I needed to drag in a deep breath , to fill my lungs with oxygen , but didn 't dare .
va	I	The goes same for whenever I think about Layton .
va	I	Blake and I disappear some beyond trees to go climb the roof of the rancher .
va	O	But , motherfucker , the look on Harlow 's face when she heard Nan 's name was going to screw shit up .
va	O	Was it possible that nerds accosted his girlfriend on a regular basis and my face just blended in with scores of others ?
va	O	They had been sworn to silence about this information ( with threats of their tongues being cut out which would do the trick for anyone ) .
va	I	Then I realized if that we can be together , then everything 's brought me to you .
va	O	Nomi and Bahl Bazaar both looked at each other .
va	I	She strides over and stands behind me , a placing hand on my shoulder .
va	I	It was to good be around normal again .
va	I	She kissed James the on forehead .
va	O	Back then only social standing and gossips had stood between them .
va	I	Wes some coughed more , but tore the oxygen mask away from his face and struggled to his feet .
va	I	It cut had off abruptly .
va	I	Shapiro spent the afternoon carefully bottling all of the 's ship water .
va	O	We should have left the Spider Lady 's body alone .
va	I	They looked though as they were playing with the camera .
va	I	I the unwrap blanket and lay it across the ledge .
va	O	My eyebrows shot up at the ringing conviction in Madeline 's voice .
va	O	She just felt that she had to be pushed to accept that .
va	O	He glided the warm rag up and down my thighs , making sure I felt it through my whole body .
va	O	Dave didn 't mention the $ 40M deposit Mario had already spent .
va	I	Instead of going to the bed , he threw on a heavy cotton robe with the Polar 's angry bear emblazoned mascot across the back of it .
va	I	What kind of lawyer he had become ?
va	I	Eyeing Andrea - who looked exhausted - I suddenly felt bad for taking up any more of time their .
va	O	Ramsey peeked over his cover and looked out into the darkness .
va	I	Ethan out walked into the middle of the field .
va	I	What Michael if ... ?
va	I	Real quarterbacks do not run wind sprints , he telling kept himself as he urged himself to get sick .
va	I	A wooden box , I which presumed held Veronique 's pendant , sat between them .
va	O	Sighing , he took a carrot chunk and nibbled on it .
va	O	Janus nodded once , stripping his gloves off .
va	O	I came here to tell you my next step as a Christmas present . '
va	I	And we now can spend days together .
va	I	Well , I gon 'm na get showered and go to bed .
va	O	I don 't want her to read my thoughts , even if I don 't have an actual plan yet .
va	O	She always used to call me Magdalena , and hated the abbreviation .
va	O	Carlo finally released him and began yelling at the kitchen .
va	I	Before she could question him , half a dozen men dressed in the black ninja suits stepped from the shadows surround to them .
va	O	As I worked at the shop , customers were often surprised to learn that I had been in the war .
va	O	I didn 't feel any real romance from Rhett .
va	O	The four judges turned in my direction .
va	I	Patriots Day , 2022 emergency In sessions state legislatures ratify the new constitution and Munson is elected interim President .
va	I	I can wait 't to give you a big kiss on the cheek .
va	I	Onstage a man in working clean clothes was lecturing a small audience on the evils of the capitalist system .
va	I	Ryland swore under breath his .
va	O	Albert thanked the officers , stepped down into the bridge , and closed the door .
va	I	I wondered what it was he that understood .
va	O	Mr Gallop pulled a large envelope from under his jacket .
va	I	I figured I 'd just dressed get and go .
va	I	She couldn 't believe completely how she 'd forgotten about the his friend as Seth moved his hand beneath her skirt .
va	I	Beanie would be glad I come 'd at all .
va	O	Tardy Nels rolls up to me on wheels that sound like my grandfather breathing .
va	I	Raja saw the of flash recognition on the manager 's face .
va	I	The four of them raced up the last few steps and leaped through the of curl tail that circled the entrance .
va	I	Not , of course , before a of couple the wiser antlers threw their two cents in .
va	O	Nicole had bought this house with husband number two and she got to keep it after the divorce , along with a sizable monthly alimony check .
va	O	That he would revisit the horror , even in name only , made Alec fit to kill .
va	O	She glances up from her computer .
va	O	It 's an antiquated pastime , as nowadays most artists prefer a digital canvas and create by touchscreens .
va	O	I knew where I wanted to go .
va	O	Things settled in very quickly for Shawn and for Sherry .
va	I	She 'd planned quit to before the third session , but I convinced her to keep at it .
va	I	Ashton has that put shackle back on his wrist .
va	O	She 'd targeted him as the fall guy .
va	O	For once , I didn 't mind losing my mind ; my heart was so full of joy I didn 't care about anything else .
va	I	He needs freedom to express his personality his through music , and his life outside of music .
va	O	Why the hasty departure ?
va	O	I turned the doorknob quietly with my left hand ; my right hand was grasping my machete , ready to slice through anything in my path .
va	O	Spear tips snapped against his chest as each swing spewed ceramic chips into the air .
va	O	' I think I 've met her , ' I said , surprising myself .
va	I	Jared was with unhappy my mood .
va	I	I always have been naive .
va	I	She didn 't want to talk , didn 't want to do anything to lessen the effect intoxicating of his lips and hands on her .
va	I	They could here the knock at the door and Henry speaking to them taking and their capes .
va	O	He paused as if waiting for his words to sink in .
va	O	At two in the morning , the dorm got colder .
va	O	I 'm sure we can learn a lot from each other .
va	I	The beady widened eyes as they saw Puck .
va	I	There the was cupboard and a shelf where the towel and clothes sat .
va	I	She was to ready play the victim .
va	I	The of smell coffee and clove cigarettes was overwhelming .
va	O	She sat behind me , and we left .
va	O	Because none of those other women is you .
va	O	' I got rid of all my demons years ago . '
va	O	Too tired to argue , Sophie nodded .
va	I	What if she 'd wanted to contact but him couldn 't ?
va	O	Like Abraham did Isaac .
va	O	' So , be prepared for your great day tomorrow .
va	O	- New Friends , Old Enemies CHAPTER SIXTEEN .
va	I	CHAPTER ONE A mountain of boxes sat before me , each of them filled with material things wouldn that 't mean shit to anyone else besides me .
va	O	Gently , I moved down the hall to the bathroom .
va	O	So I 'd need a ramp almost 4 meters long .
va	I	Or were in they on this , too ?
va	O	He tried to dismiss her gratitude but she wouldn 't allow him to do that .
va	I	Gil and Louisa would , in fact , the make perfect couple .
va	I	When the magic had taken her over , it had healed somehow everything .
va	O	I do want one , and I 'm not ashamed of that .
va	I	Nathan took a to moment notice how beautiful she was , even at a time like this .
va	I	I a heard horn , a screech ! '
va	O	It seemed that they were expecting him .
va	O	Tears slide down from my cheek .
va	I	He her brushed aside in his mind as though she never meant anything to him at all .
va	I	It 's impossible be to the Mockingjay .
va	I	I turned from her and started towards bathroom the . '
va	O	I have some notes here on Doc 's last project .
va	I	The Lycans broke formation , abandoning whatever plans they had kill to Zev 's force .
va	I	He out walked of his bedroom and into Sean 's across the hall .
va	I	My shirt has dropped from her wound and I use hand one to hold it in place .
va	I	Not of because him .
va	O	I guess their lowered standards have tempted me to let myself slide .
va	I	Dominic 's flared temper .
va	O	Once wed , they had rented a small brick bungalow with mirrored walls .
va	I	One of in many the area .
va	I	Judson clamped a powerful hand her around arm and drew her out from between the parked cars .
va	O	Now , there was an openness , a partnership in things .
va	O	She stood her ground , refusing to back away .
va	O	I held up my hands .
va	I	Christine through burst the front door of her flat , crying and shaking .
va	I	They looked like amateurs , as if she 't didn know what she was doing and the stallion didn 't know any better .
va	O	Rosa rocked herself back and forth .
va	I	She held hands her over his injury and searched her mind for the right spell .
va	I	She staggered sideways , arms flailing , then crumpled the to ground .
va	I	I think it worked for little kids because we would actually the trap ghosts .
va	O	Did you draw him ?
va	I	Two and a half hours later , we at land Miami International as the sun dips below the horizon .
va	O	She knew that she was falling in love with him .
va	I	I guess they never looked too closely at me because they found so much under dirt everybody else 's rugs .
va	O	Lace went on about things about the school .
va	O	Clary let her mind relax .
va	O	Somehow Dan ' r 's best efforts were just making the boy more depressed .
va	O	She didn 't feel comfortable with Jake being near the water today , either .
va	O	There was the tiniest catch in my voice .
va	I	Arnold 's first impression of the place resembled a cross between the aftermath of invasion an during the blitz and a recycling plant .
va	I	He wrapped his arms around and her whispered in Danica 's ear .
va	I	That be would bad .
va	I	He discussing was something with Rick when I came out of the kitchen .
va	I	I took a step back her from and looked away .
va	O	He had more to say , but Reuben continued .
va	O	Her sister would leave after tonight , and she needed to exercise some control .
va	O	Shabbat observance entails refraining from work activities , often with great rigor , and engaging in restful activities to honor the day .
va	O	Granted , she had the most free time , since Alix was working and Carol was staying home with little Cameron .
va	O	I was panicking now .
va	O	When he turned back toward Danica , she saw the same softness she 'd caught a glimpse of when he 'd first elbowed her in the café .
va	O	She realized that they were still unresolved and she pushed on with a question .
va	O	It , too , was crowded with people .
va	O	He was about to go back for the camera when he heard whirling .
va	I	There were plenty of caves out in the middle nowhere of .
va	I	Leif pulled me against him and held me a in tight hug .
va	O	His arms were folded , his clothes filthy , his hair greasy , his face still showing signs of his burns .
va	O	She didn 't even need to think about it .
va	I	And turned he to leave .
va	I	He did not know how he would feel that about .
va	O	He looked me up and down .
va	O	I could feel the distance and she seemed sad and detached .
va	O	The men walked through a seemingly endless maze of walls and doors .
va	O	Monkey grass lined the long sidewalk , and hanging plants lined the porch .
va	I	Hopefully separation that would be brief .
va	O	He eased back and stopped the sensual thrust inside her .
va	O	There was a kind of limitless benediction and tranquility .
va	I	Anon 's voice from came every direction , from everything .
va	O	He got down on one knee and looked up at me , heart in his eyes .
va	O	The telephone began to ring , but as loud as it was , it couldn 't penetrate the depth of my concentration .
va	O	The adrenaline from the encounter was charging through his veins .
va	O	It was a close-up of Laurel sitting on a big red rock , the sun rising behind her .
va	I	Sam had hoped was she a brave person , but this was too much .
va	I	The kids are busy building mud castles with and Dad Shayna , who , although not looking , are clearly relieved by my smile .
va	I	There is so much that everyone understands else intrinsically .
va	O	Eventually , as cold night warmed to day , their raw , frantic sex wound down into tender , gentle sex .
va	I	I raised a doubtful eyebrow , he and impatiently sighed .
va	I	He smelled of dead animals as he stood there sucking the tips each of finger .
va	O	This revelation is innate and comes from the world of the soul .
va	I	Rory , while holding the door with back his , moved his fingers to lips , forehead , and finally heart .
va	O	A note of panic crept into my voice .
va	I	He put down his glass , holding his hand to out me .
va	O	We were trying the simple approach .
va	O	She closed the door and pushed a few curls out of her face .
va	O	Just like that , her defenses burned to life .
va	I	I can do that , guess I .
va	I	I thought she joking was .
va	I	I narrowed my eyes at him and ignored the rapid beating of heart my as I went to take my pants off .
va	I	They knew was time in their favor .
va	O	Zane 's mind flashed back to the photograph of them in bed together and suddenly it was important for him to say something .
va	I	I was extremely thankful he wasn 't in mood the to tease me .
va	O	Her stomach swooped , relieved and excited and nervous all at once .
va	I	He looked curiously at the mountainous woman at pulpit the .
va	I	' There could talk be about us if I do this .
va	O	One fish remained in the net .
va	I	Gene to tried let himself drift back .
va	O	Agony stabbed at her mind with a thousand flaming knives .
va	I	I hit the before stairs Jen can protest .
va	O	No , I 'm afraid that we are stuck with each other for at least the trial period .
va	I	My heart is crushed and last the bits of sanity reach out , praying she 'll remember .
va	I	Big hands , scarred the at knuckles like the eyebrow , the boots , fought the horse down .
va	O	I pretended to swallow .
va	O	There was a brief pause as he studied her carefully bland countenance .
va	O	Michael never hid the fact that he had a history with Lia .
va	O	I 'll help you find answers , CJ .
va	I	He wondered if present the he was about to receive could possibly be more exciting than the dog tag of the missing man named Karl .
va	I	Max reached over and switched the off intercom .
va	I	Yep , this was definitely better eating than breakfast alone .
va	O	She couldn 't hide the pain in her voice .
va	I	His own brought joke a brief , faint grin to his lips .
va	I	I have to careful be .
va	I	Be glad to get out of here , and 007 will need to write his of version what happened .
va	I	How was strong their barricade ?
va	O	Autumn nodded and turned her attention to Jude .
va	O	We got in the truck and left town .
va	I	It only 'll be a couple of days .
va	I	We meet two in days .
va	I	Down , down , her then stare jumped right back up to hold his .
va	I	I couldn 't resist her smile , I and hated leaving her .
va	O	Between that and her touch , his body went instantly hard .
va	O	Bullets didn 't fly near the same as a long shaft , so there was a learning curve .
va	O	Duncan studied him for several seconds .
va	O	' Nope , ' Oliver laughed , ' but I do need to impress your girlfriend with my eloquence . '
va	I	He was the kind of man who always 'd be on top of any game he cared to play .
va	O	My hunger races toward the point of contact .
va	I	According to Deanna , he 'd begun someone seeing a few weeks ago .
va	I	When I saw one message new in my email folder , I clicked the little icon .
va	O	Such and intimate moment , Kinsey thought as she dreamily sighed and stepped back .
va	O	She resisted the urge to dive over and grab him , and let him prance his slow way past her and down the stairs .
va	O	Late that afternoon Guy returned with food he 'd had Louis rustle up in the kitchens at Chagall 's .
va	O	I said nothing , and looked again at the topographical map hanging on the wall behind him .
va	O	Mrs. Banning threw the first flower on the coffin .
va	O	I glanced back down at the paper , now creased and smudged from my hands .
va	O	He would have no love for his father .
va	O	I owe you my life , Lissa .
va	O	I asked him with an exasperated breath .
va	O	You might get an answer in a month or so .
va	O	He eyed her warily .
va	I	A little white attached sign to a stake was planted at the corner of his yard .
va	I	Whether you like or it not .
va	O	' Nothing 's easy . '
va	O	This could not be happening !
va	I	Would I be away whisked somewhere safe ?
va	O	What does it matter to you ?
va	O	While their dogs barked up a storm , I waved back .
va	I	Right side or left side , just say word the !
va	I	Then spotted she a letter that would make any citizen groan .
va	O	No matter where I went people knew me .
va	O	I looked around but I couldn 't see it anywhere .
va	O	You saved me back there .
va	I	The blood his of ex-girlfriend and her fiance was found all over towels in the trunk of his car .
va	O	Use the darkness inside you .
va	I	It took thirty minutes to the find impact crater : a long , deep divide in the tree line .
va	I	He settled comfortably on the edge of the pool let and the peace of a soft , early summer night and the murmur of water soothe him .
va	I	Celeste had on gone from Berkeley to Stanford Law School , and passed the bar as soon as she finished .
va	I	-- her father worked thorugh fifteen minutes the on laptop .
va	O	These days Grant was inventing excuses to call her .
va	I	Then 's there Bitsy .
va	O	One guy laughed at the back , getting the humour of the situation .
va	O	He didn 't act like it .
va	I	And by the way , don 't think about twice anything you did or didn 't do .
va	I	The only he reason could come up with was one he didn 't like .
va	I	That they 'd all just embrace her their into lives ?
va	I	I took this it time and pulled it over my head .
va	I	Jackson nodded and placed his coffee down and finished the chewing bagel .
va	O	There were three cases sitting there .
va	O	Molly spoke so softly I barely heard her .
va	I	Meyer had conducted his defences with great skill and Weber had fulfilled his position as assistant in a professional and manner accomplished .
va	I	Teddy did look not out the window on the way home .
va	I	Hardly the words spoken by a true of monster a man who planned ill for his new wife .
va	I	I was now beginning to understand why Sarah and I had shared weird that connection in my own world .
va	I	Tabitha hated that he was seeing her tears couldn but 't stop them flowing down her cheeks .
va	O	It 's always about you .
va	O	The entrance to the main hall is massive , several entrances and exits .
va	I	She 'd imagined never such a thing .
va	I	If he could do it , and the horse raced well , he 'd make instant an name for himself in the horse racing world .
va	I	The casual wear portion of store the also kept a few racks of exotic sunglasses .
va	I	Her brain human will have a hard time processing everything .
va	O	She would probably endure all of the demons that hounded her until the end of time .
va	O	He was thrilled at the sight of the water rushing through the paddle wheel as it churned a foamy wake .
va	I	He took you the on ice .
va	O	I searched for an explanation , how to describe what I felt .
va	O	He shifted back with a pleased smile .
va	I	Or you maybe want to go ?
va	O	Her fogged brain slowly cleared .
va	I	Mark Johnson stepped in swiftly front of her , blocking her attempt at reaching Devon .
va	O	She smiled ear to ear and glanced up at Caleb .
va	O	He tore off a piece with his teeth and noticed Boots hadn 't moved .
va	I	She wiped what I hoped a was happy tear from her eyes .
va	I	The man slapped her hard , drawing fresh blood from nose her .
va	I	They came again to a larger sewer , it followed for a few minutes , then went into to a smaller one again .
va	O	Her voice on the other hand seemed to be getting ever more focused and clear .
va	O	The buildings were in sad shape , roofs sagging , doors askew , the wood gray with age .
va	I	I will start checking out her .
va	O	' Come with me . '
va	I	He would often how ask I was doing and each time the answer was better .
va	I	A drink and quiet a place to continue searching for the Planet of Riches .
va	I	If I break free I don think 't anyone in this room will be safe .
va	O	Whoever sent this to you at the office wanted to be sure you got it .
va	O	He stormed out of the room , and said , ' I 'm out , dammit , we 're giving away everything we 've saved ' .
va	O	I was sick , and now I 'm better .
va	I	We both can ask around ... I promised you and my mom that I would do whatever I can to you help .
va	O	It scared her that she had no memory of how she had gotten there .
va	O	He had to remember about keeping his distance .
va	I	' I 't don know .
va	I	Maybe that was why she didn 't have a problem opening up him to .
va	I	He and Anya had such hopes that they could have the changed outcome of what they knew was coming , but also subconsciously knew it was futile .
va	O	He tugged away the loose bodice of her dress , and explored the creamy expanse of the top of her breast .
va	O	It 's not like I call the shots .
va	O	Jack would have a pink fit if he realized I didn 't actually carry , but I hated the feel of them on my body .
va	I	I hadn woken 't up screaming .
va	I	I gasped when he bit my lip hard and sent a trail of heat down blazing my neck , kissing and sucking my flesh .
va	I	I pulled back a bit and looked down out my outfit , wondering if I should change out of my dress to on get the motorcycle .
va	O	Not when he still hadn 't said one word about what might happen after he went home .
va	O	The kitchen door remained closed .
va	O	For a moment , Jordan was unable to absorb the full shock of that .
va	I	It sat upon a tall gold plated pedestal that inscriptions bore only the High Priestess could understand .
va	O	They sat next to each other and didn 't say a word .
va	O	She slipped her foot into her suit , and started zipping it up .
va	I	It 's like you 're offering him a dowry to take off me your hands .
va	O	I said , getting too caught up in my rant .
va	I	She puzzled intrigued and him .
va	O	I tried various approaches but every time things seemed to get very personal , you closed to me .
va	O	Why couldn 't I wake up ?
va	O	he asked softly , those incredibly intelligent eyes not missing anything .
va	I	Mick and laughed shook his head .
va	O	The doctor had said only fluids this morning , really just water but apple juice was OK which she liked .
va	O	This was his education .
va	O	Madden snapped at him .
va	I	She 'd taken of note how he liked it when she slid those soft hands under his shirt , around to his back .
va	I	She had through been a lot .
va	O	I smiled , letting some of the tension fall away .
va	O	He tried to picture the oak in his mind .
va	O	I 've changed my mind .
va	O	Boards snapped and fell into the sea .
va	I	In fact , she was surprised had Annie mentioned it at all .
va	O	Which I did , but I didn 't want her , or anyone else , to know that .
va	O	I struggled for the right word to describe my day .
va	O	Pulling the frosted shower curtain closer , she peered around the edge .
va	I	I asked as climbed I into the passenger seat of the large SUV .
va	I	Muscles rippled in his arms as he on pulled a dress shirt .
va	O	It slid open and revealed another door in the floor itself .
va	I	Just watching them excited me , and now I 'm going to one ride .
va	I	And what Ellen about on the other side ?
va	I	He rubs stomach his .
va	I	It a was six-foot skeleton , grinning with broken teeth .
va	I	Megan came up to Toby wrapped her arm into his gave and Craig a cold look with her squinted eyes .
va	I	She definitely doesn 't the notice horrified look on my face .
va	O	Grinning like an idiot , he stared at her and the ground under their feet shook as another tremor ripped through the ground .
va	I	Whether there was Maker a or not .
va	I	Coupled with my father 's wealth ... we very were successful and important .
va	O	I wanted to take her right there , to taste her skin , feel her heat .
va	I	The man wore swirling facial tattoos that distinguished him as person a of great importance .
va	O	One of the soldiers shook the pointed tip of his spear at the dark one , shouted something which Hali could not make out .
va	I	Some habits were too hard break to .
va	I	It only was the beginning .
va	I	Megan her rolled eyes .
va	I	My life had been one sorrow another after for so long .
va	O	I 'm going to check on your father then I 'm going to go to bed .
va	O	You 're not going to abandon Stacy and Shannon to be raped by those men , it challenged .
va	I	I used eat to pizza when I was a kid .
va	O	The U.S. public deserves to hear the truth , argues Mr. Fortune .
va	I	But this promising sounds .
va	O	she asked , holding a container of sour cream in one hand and a cucumber in the other .
va	O	However , that does not stop me from wanting to hear your views on these matters .
va	I	It appalled that him he 'd been so blind , so selfish .
va	O	he said firmly taking her face in both hands .
va	I	While the bus loaded up for the return run , tugged Jenna open her truck door and climbed in next to Nikko .
va	I	The sky began blend to from pink shades into blue and purple hues .
va	O	The chances of a human male being her mate were almost impossible .
va	I	Jon had emptied the glass just minutes before fetching his uniform , and it was for time a refill .
va	O	Was the motorcycle his only means of transportation ?
va	O	Then the simulation ends .
va	I	Was this what Ripper and went Curse through with their women ?
va	I	Whoever are you , thank you .
va	O	But they were still a good twenty-five steps away .
va	I	They were talking over a possible sightseeing jaunt Toronto through , when another knock came on the door .
va	O	Willem is desperately trying to think of something to say .
va	I	As Sam assembled carefully sandwiches , I tried calling Olivia .
va	O	He 's a man !
va	I	She glanced over and was surprised to meet troubled eyes peering around the pages of upheld the book .
va	O	He uttered not a single word as he pushed into her again and again .
va	I	And then came a of group vampires out of the darkness , heading for Shane and Eve .
va	I	Jeb called out to an approaching fisherman , interrupting Derek thoughts 's .
va	O	Then gradually I realized that some change had taken place with the women .
va	I	It us threw into the dead end .
va	I	If he threw it down , hoped I it would get swept up and thrown in the trash forever .
va	I	' We can put up you in a hotel or something if you 'd prefer .
va	O	He didn 't object to people working late , but he wanted everyone to be awake and alert the next day , too .
va	O	My hands tighten around the steering wheel .
va	O	He quickly scanned the area before turning back to glare at her .
va	I	It 's doable , but we 'd to have take breaks .
va	I	Then , he unhooked the bow and stern lines for used loading and unloading the boat .
va	I	The temperatures during the day were reaching the upper sixties , and at they night would drop down near thirty .
va	I	Its knuckles were enormous , and its fingers , they so were long .
va	O	I won 't say a word .
va	I	The villagers would have listening been to the lessons , the reading of new laws , and the granting of lands that were typically presented on midsummer .
va	O	Is there no end to it ?
va	I	Meaning he 'll me have replaced before the card hits the bottom of his trash bin .
va	I	She only could imagine what they had been through .
va	I	April quickly stopped and laughing glared .
va	O	Definitely the strangest scenarios my mind could conjure up .
va	O	She 's at work .
va	I	I determined 'm today is going to be the day I get to see him again .
va	O	Except for the nose .
va	I	The last two members of the group heard saw and the canopy .
va	I	God , he felt good ; hot so and solid beside me .
va	O	I wasn 't sure if the sweat was mine or Conrad 's , but I decided I 'd probably be better off never knowing .
va	I	Kane : Hank Adaline hated the of idea computerized music .
va	O	Anyway , after their explanation , I felt pretty stupid .
va	I	I could feel the plane 's brakes release , and we began to accelerate the down runway faster and faster .
va	I	They would click their and tongues shake their heads , mesmerized by the way the fire claimed my home .
va	O	I followed him down the front porch steps with my heart in my throat .
va	I	If it proved profitable I 'd open it up the to public all year round , perhaps just keeping one wing for myself .
va	O	Jan drew Jen into her arms and held her close .
va	O	He cursed and sprinted away , firing shots behind him into the lot .
va	I	I filled was with diminishing hope and surging shame .
va	I	I assumed he that thought I was dead .
va	I	The words tumbled out from Xavier 's tight lips and he to waited compose himself .
va	I	Vulcan shouted as the crowd red of heads cleared .
va	I	Calling this deficiency my to attention strengthens us .
va	O	Abigail went to kneel in front of Robert but he quickly stopped her .
va	I	It maybe 's we took off more than we can chew .
va	I	When she felt her face begin to crumble she bit down on her lip and slowly inhaled .
va	I	She around jerked at the sound of his voice to glare at him .
va	O	My nightshirt was soaked in sweat , and even in the summer heat I felt the chill of the snow in my dream .
va	O	As soon as she joined , the members pointedly ignored her .
va	I	That was why he 'd come with her , not because was he concerned about Sole Pleasure .
va	O	James ' eyes were like half dollar coins .
va	O	And in a lot of ways ... it feels right , you know ?
va	O	They 'd made love three or four times last night .
va	I	She could feel her formerly dry kit kat , begin to with weep need .
va	O	She waved to allay any suspicions .
va	O	I couldn 't be sure I wouldn 't storm back there and take her away from him .
va	I	Hunter fell in love with and Winona had always wanted to find her .
va	I	I 'd just stepped out my of second shoe when my hand closed around one of the two knives I had strapped to my thighs .
va	O	From behind them came a mass of riders , galloping and crying out similar encouragement .
va	I	Shocked and embarrassed , I was left in jeans and a very bra tiny in front of Dec and Killian .
va	I	I around look the empty room .
va	I	I thought I could have months to try and sort through it all it but would still be impossible to do so .
va	O	He looks very young and worried as he sits down .
va	I	Hari gripped her shoulders as if he was to going shake her .
va	I	And feels swimming like flying .
va	O	Kara said with a sigh after taking a long swig of her icy drink .
va	O	But not for us .
va	O	She patted Toby as she closed her eyes , slowly falling asleep .
va	O	Now there was only silence as the wooden doors remained closed .
va	I	Taking both of the keys , he tried to escape the town , but the Council chased him bloodhounds with .
va	O	Sofia Claremont is mine .
va	O	Delilah jumped into her father 's open arms .
va	I	She , who 'd been raised by the Empire and trained to murder and massacre with a simple command , had somehow learned love to .
va	O	Her job , as she saw it , was to track down items of interest and then put buyers and sellers in touch with each other .
va	I	He coughed , jumped from his chair , made noises silly .
va	O	He didn 't deny it .
va	I	Er right ... . '
va	O	But we have to think smaller , my friend .
va	O	She stops half-way up , turns back and waves .
va	I	The orchard a was safer bet .
va	O	Who are they , son ?
va	O	There was a surprised look in his eyes that Sakura couldn 't quite miss .
va	I	Too bad him for it wouldn 't work .
va	I	Roxanne processed the information as fast as brain her allowed her to .
va	O	Others floated past in the current , rising to the surface like huge , hideous bubbles .
va	I	I fight tears my , wishing it all away .
va	O	Dr. Meadows was incredulous .
va	O	I don 't know why or how or what or anything at all except that he is still my friend .
va	O	She looked really satisfied .
va	I	Satisfied he would put stay , I peeked over the edge .
va	O	Emotions she couldn 't define blasted from his eyes , flaying her .
va	O	He 's already turned in a new floor plan and it 's so exquisite I told him to run with it .
va	O	You actually want me to sneak back into the place where I just escaped ?
va	O	He 'd been captured by his prey and escape seemed impossible .
va	O	Then Jagger flashed his fangs and lunged at my neck .
va	I	It was December getting and colder which made evenings staying in that much cozier .
va	O	They were powerful cannons but fired slowly without spare capacitors or backup cooling units .
va	I	She sank back down to couch the , wishing everything would just go away .
va	O	Charlotte immediately went to where Cammie stood just behind Donovan .
va	O	I didn 't see it that way .
va	I	I don think 't so .
va	I	What going is on ?
va	I	The Decatur family a had long reputation of having mob connections here in the cities .
va	O	When men fall , it 's harder to get them to the rear .
va	I	It telegraphed was to the whole world , from the people she dealt with in the office to the poor , unsuspecting dupes on the phone .
va	I	I don 't know sure for .
va	O	And now someone was threatening everything she had .
va	I	I only had about five minutes before the bell ring would , flooding the walkways with students .
va	O	I know he 's referring to the tattoos .
va	I	He selected one of the long cases from the pile of luggage and laid it out the on floor .
va	I	Her hands stroked lightly over his back , and he lifted his and head looked down at her .
va	O	That was its simple and yet marvelous name .
va	I	Liz shook her head , her heart beating in fiercely her chest .
va	I	Gee , thanks that for pick-me-up .
va	I	Through haze the , a mob came into view .
va	O	' Into the toilet with me , ' she said in a rush .
va	I	Unable stand to it anymore , she finally broke the silence .
va	I	Whispering to her , telling her about my day , like I to used each morning before she died .
va	O	In tears , I threw open the door and ran into the cool night air .
va	O	He shrugged , but he couldn 't hide the gleam of excitement in his eyes .
va	I	A locked metal gate the at road further limited access .
va	O	But once outside the municipal boundary , the generous paved walking and biking path disappeared where the woods began .
va	O	You don 't have any place to go .
va	O	That I wanted nothing more than to endure living through the sight of Aly dressed like that one more time ?
va	O	Or maybe the sheen of color was simply the stone reflecting back the pale blue paint that covered the walls .
va	O	The night time attacks became worse and worse as Griffin got more frustrated with his non-existent rate of success at driving her away .
va	I	The creatures spread out , flying east , flying toward where they stood watching in awe dumbstruck .
va	I	I 'm sure they know that you would have found a way to do what want you .
va	O	He would gladly give it if it meant his family would be safe .
va	O	She was different from the other women he 'd known .
va	I	Just bring Evangeline back so we can be done with this move and on .
va	O	Grace padded silently around the room , the possibilities swirling in those changeable eyes .
va	I	The green of trees the Bridge Park shivered in the breeze just beyond the traffic .
va	O	Not that he blamed him -- the Kingmaker 's entire port side was rattling and shimmying like a one-legged loader .
va	I	She had help said would find him .
va	I	Besides , it was only a matter of time before I dropped the bomb Tex on , letting him know it was all a ruse .
va	I	May Mary never test me again so .
va	I	Didn 't want you turn to me away .
va	I	she said name his again .
va	I	It 't wasn that way for Kevin and Liam .
va	O	She commanded them again to stop talking and let her finish .
va	I	There was no to time think , only to react .
va	I	She immediately snapped to attention , feeling for guilty being caught yawning as she turned around .
va	I	I looked down , finding it impossible to meet eye his .
va	I	The shook earth , as the shadow of a massive Tolu and its Ryder were moving steadily towards him .
va	O	I couldn 't help it , what she said intrigued me .
va	O	The warding spell upon it prevents me from doing so .
va	I	He stayed immobile when Irwin came into the office and breezed past him on his way to his corner glass-walled office .
va	O	It meant I hadn 't missed anything .
va	I	That doesn 't mean we should let our down guard , though .
va	O	She did this to me .
va	I	I looked at Kelly , my best friend , and just knew that I trust could her .
va	I	If you would like to share this book another with person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient .
va	I	As my feet hit the ground on the outside of my bedroom window , appeared Bo at my side .
va	O	Then she strode across the restaurant and joined the others .
va	I	All can lead us insane to decisions and actions . '
va	O	Werewolves had served their military contracts with dedication since Queen Elizabeth first integrated them , but they had always strived to keep pack protocol separate .
va	O	The throb in my nipples spread out over me , a whisper that built in pitch until my body screamed for more .
va	O	Chad had called her up to tell her it was all arranged and she had no say in the matter .
va	I	She found liked she to dress for him , to see the dark lust building as his gaze followed her around the chamber .
va	I	And here I thinking was I 'd been so clever about concealing my apprehension about her powers .
va	I	PRESTON in SAT the Jacuzzi , hoping Emma would be asleep when he returned to the room .
va	I	I was a in great mood and breakfast tasted extra special .
va	O	If she 's not at the cottage , or is in any trouble , rescue her .
va	O	She spun around and extended one arm toward the door .
va	I	Maybe it was really fading .
va	O	Aria thought too , her hand still moving over her sketchbook .
va	O	Pain jarred through his body as he bounced across the hard ground .
va	O	The two former friends walked side by side to the green .
va	O	she manages to get out , her entire body trembling now .
va	I	She threw her coat over one of the chairs around the round wooden table claw with feet that she remembered .
va	O	Beth expected her to wait until Radcliffe was asleep , steal his pistol , then go to her .
va	I	From downstairs , I heard Edmund talking and Momma Oaks responding she as banged around the kitchen .
va	I	She took off her boots and socks , placing them at side her .
va	O	Wasn 't his fault he gave in to instinct to save their ruse .
va	O	They went through a little alley behind it into a side street .
va	I	' Well then , 've I got to get a new frock , haven 't I ?
va	I	And it wasn 't of much a reading , I thought .
va	O	The Women 's Auxiliary Basket Weaving Circle has the baskets ready .
va	I	In Lauren book 's , he 'd committed a huge sin .
va	O	There was silence for a while before I spoke .
va	I	Production require schedules us to begin this process as soon as possible .
va	I	I against fought it , then I was captured .
va	O	Paul reacted instinctively , ducking behind the broad trunk of a plane tree .
va	I	Without the sunshine , they 'd have all been late for and class their jobs , if not missing them entirely .
va	O	She 'd been about to say , Especially because I think the Real Ali is still alive .
va	O	The hard look of frustration instantly vanished , replaced by his typical smug grin .
va	I	Catrin 's long hair was brown , straight perfectly , strikingly simple .
va	I	I felt him rub the tip of his cock my at entrance .
va	O	Then he went over to talk to Sneed .
va	O	Goss had tried to come up with a concrete idea , but there were too many variables .
va	I	His clothes , which he 'd left the on floor , were now neatly folded on the chair .
va	O	He said nothing , but the silence was ominous .
va	O	He starts with the drawer underneath the table on her side of the bed .
va	I	Sarah looked at her horse that had just made a healthy deposit in one of the aisles of the store small before he nodded off again .
va	I	The inflection in his voice showed this piece of information was still under speculation all by .
va	I	As approached they the restaurant , the sound of music and people talking wafted over to them .
va	O	She glanced between the three of us but finally nodded .
va	I	She jogged the up sidewalk , feeling eyes on her from every direction .
va	I	More terrible a than pile of dead worms !
va	I	I could my feel fingers sinking into it .
va	O	He was simply driven by how many thousands of lost individuals he could convert to Friends in the future .
va	O	The door closed softly behind her .
va	I	He waved his fork them at .
va	O	She always had the impression that he was waiting for her to let him know she was ready to take their relationship in a new direction .
va	I	Merrill let me ride up front with while Brock he sat in the back , watching and listening to his two youngest vampire children .
va	O	The others agreed with him .
va	I	The chair next to me slid out Alex and sat down in it .
va	O	The usher chose that moment to beckon .
va	O	Contrary to what most young folks think , we older citizens aren 't only interested in sitting around in rocking chairs and talking about the grandkids .
va	I	He took her hand and led her the into bedroom .
va	O	He watched them dance close , and then he followed them outside to the pool , where it seemed everyone was a couple .
va	O	In front was nothing but the sky above a hillside of thick bush across another steep valley .
va	O	Mason smiled that vicious smile I saw when I was leaving last time and shook his head .
va	I	You still can be in control .
va	I	But before she could ask Kathleen to explain , she saw Mr. standing Dawson in the entrance to the ballroom , clearly scanning the crowd .
va	O	Especially when she had to fight her own desires .
va	O	Gavin sighed and left her with her book .
va	O	The nurses and doctors were scurrying about and paying no attention to my needs .
va	I	What heck the happened , Rae ?
va	O	It 's pretty potent for humans .
va	I	I had a feeling funny behind my eyes .
va	I	He bound was as well .
va	I	I entered it and approached the tomb marked which their graves .
va	O	I 'm thankful because my legs are like jelly with nervousness .
va	I	She had hugged me like I was the biggest in hero the world .
va	O	Ian rose , pulled out his pocket watch , checked it against the clocks , and made a minute adjustment .
va	I	I 'd take you as on an apprentice , but in the meantime I was going to make sure no one ever came looking for you .
va	O	The only thing that moved were its black eyes on tiny stalks .
va	I	A call court to .
va	I	More sobs burst from my lungs , lava like from a volcano and they came in a torrential downpour of emotion I wasn 't prepared for .
va	I	Denise looked at vehicle the in wonder .
va	O	That 's when the barking began .
va	O	Like the sun popping out from a cloud bank , the sudden brilliant light heated my skin .
va	I	Carson took home you , apparently .
va	O	Wouldn 't make it go away .
va	O	Who was I kidding ?
va	I	' That 's a cup good of tea , that . '
va	O	They had trained female Bait to seduce and distract while they swooped in for the kill .
va	O	Each one had restraints and wires leading from a headset into the wall .
va	I	That just 's mean .
va	I	But just people proud .
va	I	The bruises on my arm throb in response to the anger seems that to precede his every step .
va	I	The notion that someone other than me having such was knowledge intriguing .
va	I	We stood mute while they rifled through things our .
va	I	We had an autistic kid in here last week who screamed than less you .
va	I	' Pleased meet to you , Archie .
va	I	' I told you that I wasn 't be to disturbed . '
va	O	Charlie asked him uncertainly .
va	I	I order out you of our home right now .
va	O	The floors were hardwood ; walls were white .
va	O	Of course it isn 't .
va	I	She 't didn have much of a figure but the boys did notice her after that .
va	O	Let me dig around a bit .
va	O	Destiny nodded , her small white teeth tugging at her lower lip .
va	O	The Dean 's quiff was quivering .
va	O	What am I doing here ?
va	I	I might have to pay a and call check out the talent myself .
va	I	Rage lit her inside as she spoke , cutting through the numbness and shock .
va	O	I nodded and broke eye contact .
va	I	I have seen never anyone with such natural talent and ability .
va	O	He returned , a bit snow-covered , a couple of minutes later to an impatient Sampson , who started talking before the inspector sat down .
va	O	Before she moved , she heard a twig snap .
va	I	At her kiss , his body still froze .
va	I	Chad quickly grabbed her h ps * and moved her off him so suddenly her legs almost gave out .
va	I	Another three stars fell , red pinpoints of light , bursting life into in an instant then disappearing just as quickly .
va	O	The pain , he 'd forgotten about the pain until just then .
va	O	I wasn 't sure what he wanted to hear .
va	O	Feeling slightly embarrassed at having been caught out he considers for a moment .
va	I	Monday - 2 June , 1985 Lily gave me and Doug a little dark blue velvet bag .
va	O	Did she simply forget , or had something happened ?
va	O	Here is another clue that I am sure you can easily solve .
va	I	His large powerful and family owned entire villages .
va	O	A wolf for a wolf .
va	O	He pressed his face into her palm , his eyes dark with something that frightened her ... and made her tingle .
va	I	She how described her parents , both from good Norwegian families , made certain their three children knew their heritage .
va	O	Now curiosity burned more than ever .
va	I	Were captors their giving her that ?
va	I	Anna and Delilah looked at each other took and the hunting knives their husbands held out to them .
va	I	Her shot eyebrows up .
va	I	I my lost father in a car accident and I never really got over it .
va	I	Unfortunately it wasn 't , but I did recognize the of mass vibrant red hair .
va	O	Vampires couldn 't walk out in the sun !
va	O	Elizabeth answered the phone ; it was Randy .
va	I	And riding in a carriage , I think was it ours .
va	I	We have to create a diversion to help friends our get through .
va	I	I reach out to her , but doesn she 't move .
va	O	That afternoon , Luna went home without reading a single word from her book .
va	I	She was still far from Sarah 's release , but least at now she was moving in the right direction .
va	I	There wasn 't material enough in them to put together to make a proper shoe .
va	O	The torture finally reached a familiar pattern , and I found precious few moments when my mind could relax between electrical shocks and blinding lights .
va	I	The nearest pub was the Hare and Hounds at top the of Pickwick Road , at least another mile away .
va	O	Why did she carry a gun ?
va	O	No , not wind , he mused .
va	O	He was also sacrificing what he loved - his writing - to help the family he loved more .
va	O	But that was not at first appointed for a punishment .
va	I	We all wanted each to other do well .
va	O	Blood pounds in her ears as she looks at the desolate beach .
va	O	Did the veil of shimmering light not happen ?
va	I	I 'm certain your son with died honour .
va	I	Then I went to that room the -- one with pictures of the dead aviators .
va	O	Benny 's eyes wander to the Chevelle as he cocks his shaven head and crosses his muscular arms .
va	I	Hannah couldn 't make out what was going in on the fight .
va	I	All because she 'd asked guy a to give her wings .
va	O	She found time to warn me .
va	O	Listen , Carrie Jo , don 't feel compelled to say yes because you work for me .
va	O	More than let him .
va	I	Levi McCloud was asleep in her bed , but Godfrey was sitting her at kitchen table .
va	O	Her already frayed nerve endings leapt to blazing life , seeming to sizzle and crack with electricity .
va	O	He couldn 't turn around to check , and he suddenly felt very exposed .
va	I	So charming to have you in class so fresh out of your time reflection .
va	I	I ask as I turn to Cherie who is eying Black the Skillet Restaurant ahead of us .
va	I	' You me saved again , ' Evie smiled , reaching out and stroking his face .
va	I	His arms were folded a way that looked SWAT like team worthy with his dark clothing to hide him .
va	I	Then she stood at her bedroom window , knowing that the light would her silhouette to anyone watching from the darkness .
va	I	There was a rough wooden door standing on the far side of building the .
va	O	Sure , he was swoon-worthy and real y nice , and patient and funny in a dry kind of way .
va	O	With that , he slid into the driver 's seat and drove away .
va	O	Traveling with Joe and helping him do what he does ?
va	O	A cat moved in a much smoother , rolling gait than a horse , and she had become quite accustomed to it over the past two years .
va	I	Also : letters of business and introduction your to specific contacts .
va	I	I 'm remembering the you things did .
va	O	As he walked towards the hospital , his heart thumped .
va	O	I didn 't know if that was a good or bad sign .
va	I	We are already here , so this is where we start should .
va	I	And as much as the village women avoid her they do her respect .
va	I	I think they are the ones were we warned about .
va	O	They were both of the sleepy eyed variety and took their sweet time approaching what some folks might call a normal state .
va	I	After minutes ten they left .
va	I	Then some looked more .
va	O	* * * Thurlow watched her face carefully , without appearing obvious about it .
va	O	I tried to relax .
va	I	But no , all these years , I had despised him he because left mom .
va	O	I didn 't need him to tell me why he had done it .
va	O	He sighed softly , stroking his hand gently through her silken hair .
va	I	Only manipulators the could have served .
va	O	Abby gave a quick nod to indicate she 's finished and her mother looked good .
va	O	He shook a fist at us , his hand arcing wildly through the air in an attempt to wave me over and threaten at the same time .
va	O	Whatever it was , the wood was hard .
va	I	Jase Sherman squeezed 's ass a few times .
va	O	She looked over her shoulder .
va	O	I remembered her telling me that he had been the one to warn her about Nick , the loser who 'd broken her heart last summer .
va	O	Joseph 's brother Simon was quiet too , and so were his boys and girl , as they 'd always been .
va	O	Who kidnaps a girl after she gets dumped ?
va	O	Even in the midst of all these people -- friends , mostly -- she felt infinitely different .
va	O	He 'd wanted her to sleep for as long as possible , knowing that she needed the rest .
va	I	That was sure of nice Kellan .
va	O	Had it been that easy ?
va	O	He 'd failed to protect his sister years ago , but by God , he wouldn 't screw up this time .
va	O	My eyebrows shot up .
va	O	' Pirates have attacked the town .
va	O	just people already here ... . .
va	I	Beth 's eyes were so full of longing ; she something needed to cling to here in Bixby .
va	O	Ezra practically ran the store , while Cassie was forever getting into trouble .
va	I	The train slowed as it passed the -- depot a train going normal speeds no one could get onto , not even someone as skilled as Sam .
va	O	Last Saturday , when he surveyed my apartment , I thought he didn 't belong here , in my life .
va	O	It didn 't help that he couldn 't touch Lily .
va	O	Why would she care if she got tenure or not ?
va	O	Fade stepped up beside me , then Stalker and Morrow flanked my other side .
va	I	There was no one there sort to this out for me .
va	I	She wrapped her arms around him and groaned at the wicked taste him of , at the sensation of his hot skin under her hands .
va	O	It was empty except for a few cast iron park benches arranged around a circle of stones .
va	O	It is so hopeless .
va	I	They 'd returned to the hotel , strolling lazily down the busy sidewalks Branson of .
va	O	A few days later , the widow Sophia Thomas and her two young boys came calling to the Crawford House looking for Phil .
va	I	It in 's here somewhere ... aha !
va	O	Elliott 's step falters as he sees the man , but he recovers immediately .
va	I	The document was market Top Secret and Robert was surprised as he the reviewed contents that they 'd passed it to him .
va	I	He loves too me , Steel .
va	O	People on both sides had lost their lives .
va	I	Triggered by blood and parasites and horrible those silvery eyes .
va	I	Listen out next time and you will hear talk of how the well back nine was played ( so what happened on the front ? )
va	O	We continue walking , memorizing one branch after the next , a honeycomb of quiet paths that run parallel to the bustling surface world .
va	O	Lord decided up was as good a place as any and raced for the ascending platform , leaping forward , gripping the platform 's bottom edge .
va	O	He had been searching for seven months of freedom .
va	I	I had told him the truth , but sometimes the last thing you want when you 're is grieving truth .
va	O	Besides , it would be just my luck that Oliver would come back to his room for some reason before I 'd found the notebook .
va	I	Wind through gusts my hair and a drizzle of rain escapes into the foyer as the door swings open .
va	O	She never had time , not with the recent increase in the disappearances of children across the Midwest .
va	O	The mad god was like a rabid dog on a chain -- just itching to be set loose .
va	O	Her eyes rolled in her head .
va	O	She laughed , a sound that did more to warm him than the hot toddy ever had .
va	O	She shrugged and grabbed her broomstick heading out the door briskly .
va	I	Paul Edwards was the lawyer Helen hired to get her restraining order and then her divorce from Hopkins Jay .
va	O	How would the mascara on her cheeks taste ?
va	I	The Wilds is full them of .
va	I	His anger had as heightened he arrived at his next target .
va	I	He wasn 't certain he what would do with the villain yet , but felt sure something would come up at the opportune moment .
va	I	How Joseph had known ?
va	O	Some are also afraid that it may be the fire where they are going to be cooked .
va	O	Jin called out to the person .
va	O	She laughed and dabbed at her mouth with a tissue .
va	I	Gene glanced up to see Jay directing Khloe to add her stash to low the open bin .
va	I	He urged pulling her so hard she and stumbled fell to her knees .
va	I	I toed the ring then , seeing the distance from to here floor as much greater than it actually was .
va	I	That 't didn seem like enough , and I hugged her closer .
va	I	I could it do .
va	O	It 's all automatic .
va	I	He slides his arm back around me and leans closer whisper to in my ear .
va	O	He might not be able to fight him off , but he could sure run away from him .
va	I	I still can 't believe I let that happen , can 't believe he so easily got around my fears my and objections .
va	O	She was mocking Austin .
va	I	She probed deeper came and to the one she wanted .
va	O	With everything that I went through today the last thing I needed was to have to explain it all to my mother .
va	I	If Talon is there , tell him what happened has and ask him to come .
va	I	I 'd up been since dawn on a world with two suns , and it had been a tiring day .
va	O	Quickly , she hastened to explain herself .
va	O	But me , I 'm just someone who had been locked up inside the mansion that was told to wait my father every year .
va	O	' No , the Work and Labour people play at the legal house and already I know what they 're doing . '
va	O	The pipe was now empty .
va	I	How can one girl 's world so be shattered .
va	I	You know , I 've heard it said that Indians will worship anything , Americans will buy anything , and Chinese the will eat anything .
va	I	Your father 's been gone over week a , Dr. Whitney , and Captain Miller is different .
va	I	Mason looks up , searching my expression a for reaction .
va	O	I recalled her earlier explanation .
va	O	My dearest Duncan , I was so glad to receive your letter .
va	O	Not well at all .
va	I	Eventually she decided to ahead forge .
va	I	I asked , toward walking her .
va	O	The robot stopped sending signals and spun around with an electronic whir .
va	O	The wolf 's thoughts were growing weaker as we talked .
va	I	His pained searched eyes my face .
va	O	He moves his hand to my stomach .
va	I	They 're carrying something heavy one ; of them 's a tall man , fair-haired , he 's a giant ; the others could be soldiers .
va	O	The man caught the tossed keys deftly and stopped .
va	O	Reaching the bottom of the stairs Tasha tossed her sword aside and tucked her shoulder , allowing her to roll free from the blast .
va	O	I forced myself to take a sip and maneuvered my way through the crowds , heading outside .
va	I	But his question almost Emma made laugh .
va	I	When I got to my door I quickly it unlocked , walked inside and shut and locked the door behind myself .
va	I	' Is there anything else you can tell us may that be of help ? '
va	O	Assuming Jenny did her part too .
va	O	Tessa closed her eyes and groaned .
va	I	She 'd be also seeing Isaac , and his parents .
va	O	Even distraught about the idea of being werewolf , Kylie realized that Holiday was defending Burnett .
va	I	They were both ready to fight in an instant , and vampires in that are readiness very , very scary .
va	O	Just genuine and low-key .
va	O	She 'd felt needed and wanted .
va	O	The sun has set and the temperature has dropped , and air fogs between us .
va	I	I made a promise to myself I never would allow my brother to go the way of the undead .
va	O	Ezio wheeled his horse around and galloped off in pursuit of the thief .
va	O	The SA bots often bulldozed first and asked questions later out on the street .
va	O	I threw my hands up in the air in frustration before finally sitting down on the sofa across from my son .
va	O	I was here earlier this morning .
va	O	I would be even more sorry for her if she had not upset the servants so much .
va	I	I took us down a back street and over the Markets to the quieter where streets people went to get high in more conventional ways .
va	I	I and went saw Jennifer Barns the other week .
va	O	It persisted for a minute , and then its touch fell away . '
va	O	After brief introductions , the Director pointed towards a large monitor located on the wall .
va	O	He 'd brought his best friend and battle buddy .
va	I	Did she , unencumbered by the love that Maggie bound 's parents , feel free to hate her aunt for her stupidity and selfishness ?
va	I	What were going they to do with her ?
va	O	Also , what is your phone number ?
va	O	' Why aren 't you in school ? '
va	O	Other worlds have less or more time , depending on their Council .
va	O	I never was ! '
va	I	It would be so much if easier he told us who was coming instead of who 's declined .
va	O	He hadn 't turned one hundred thousand in seed money into a billion in fifteen years by letting his little head rule the big one .
va	I	The parts guy the at dealership had acquired a scarce part for my dad and was holding it for him out of the normal stock .
va	I	I wasn 't really about thinking where my question could lead , but I should 've known based on my companion .
va	I	He nodded , and his started eyes to glisten .
va	I	Marge her gave a hug .
va	O	The idea of burning Darion 's shop to the ground would never have occurred to me .
va	I	If Andrea was going to come out of a coma without brain damage , more than likely she 'd some show improvement by then .
va	I	I wanted to cradle my cheek , but didn 't because needed I all my attention on my link with Vlad .
va	O	Did she not know what her words were doing to him ?
va	O	My voice cracked and even as I asked , I wasn 't sure I wanted to know the answer .
va	I	Not a bad person at I all tell ya ?
va	I	I drifted back to sleep , wondering what I just 'd done .
va	O	There remained only a slack updraft from beneath .
va	O	Stepping up on the deck through the starboard door , Albert was wishing for the craziness to end .
va	I	' I haven 't told you that The Water Rats ' promoter nearly the pulled second gig . '
va	I	I wasn 't sure I could explain it and myself shifted my weight from one foot to the other .
va	I	I my held breath .
va	O	I 'll take my case up to my room .
va	O	He couldn 't take his hungry gaze off of her .
va	I	Both of them were very , very ... mortified and very , very angry .
va	O	He reached for Esme and gently cupped the nape of her bare neck .
va	I	His eyes looked down kindly at me as he reached to over touch my face .
va	O	Julie never tried to pay a visit , using the excuse that she had a lot to do .
va	I	Cho softly groaned as she rose to follow .
va	O	We need to throw this thing away for good so that it doesn 't come back to haunt us .
va	I	Nikki crawled forward , her eyes with locked Jax 's .
va	I	The Council is sure that they are already here hiding amongst students our and professors .
va	I	Right now , with conversation flowing all around her and everyone seemingly having a good time , Raven experiencing was classic signs of overload .
va	I	There nothing 's to be scared of .
va	I	She 's need in of some good lovemaking to make her a woman .
va	O	Oh yes , everyone was going to suffer until they saw their mistake .
va	O	The entire home seemed to consist of nothing but windows and never-ending levels .
va	O	There she went again , letting things matter too much to her .
va	I	I stretched out my as hands if to ward him off .
va	I	Domenico opened his eyes and caught sight the of look of stunned realization on Misty 's lovely face .
va	O	He tugged it onto his head and then nodded down at Henrietta .
va	I	she asked finally in a bored voice .
va	I	Cal asked one more time , after he had an accurate count those of grouped in Cate 's yard .
va	I	She lifted her to hand her face and found the jagged edge of a pottery shard stuck to a flap of skin .
va	O	My body is covered in sweat .
va	I	But the wolves seeing were them now .
va	O	I opened my mouth to say something but nothing came out .
va	O	Terror gave her a burst of energy as she scraped past the gates and into the square .
va	I	Robert de Sable was the largest of them , the powerful most .
va	O	After the way that turned out ... let 's just say I decided to take a break and focus on my job .
va	O	He feigns submission and eats two bites .
va	O	All decisions were already made .
va	O	Maybe her father deserved that for pushing them together , but she didn 't think Buddy would be especially happy about it .
va	O	Blind , he ran with Brenda -- forced to entrust his life to her completely .
va	I	Justus ' voice came above from .
va	I	When both our parents died , I took the job the in factory because I was good at basic sewing and needed the work .
va	I	The sun burned on on and , while space suited crew began the grim task of collecting the doctor .
va	O	You might want to stop by and visit sometime .
va	I	He 't didn stop as she entered .
va	O	The woman who 'd covered him was now wearing a bra under her shirt .
va	I	They all barely made it outside before the cabin to seemed implode .
va	I	Clarity turned her back the on television screen and examined the remote control for an exit button .
va	I	If I opened my eyes , I could grab it and fire him at before he knew what hit him .
va	O	Colors shimmered and danced .
va	I	But something gave me the feeling that it was not for impossible Benny to make it all go away .
va	I	There were a number of things me bothering .
va	O	Her goons looked as impossibly good , their makeup giving their skins a glossy feel .
va	O	Here , you gave some stranger your money and were lucky if they thanked you for it .
va	I	But I 't can .
va	I	To achieve other people 's goals in the world dirtiest 's business .
va	O	I was talking then , telling my audience things that maybe only other musicians , artists , painters understand .
va	O	She looked up at him curiously , but did as he asked without question .
va	I	That took the out fight of him .
va	I	But her mom didn 't look anxious and hurrying leave to like she usually was when there was an emergency .
va	O	She tried to fight the pain , tried to surface all the way from her sleepiness .
va	O	He really believed it wouldn 't go that far with the things he had planned .
va	O	Ainsley pressed her lips together .
va	O	With no way home now , the Summer faery would Fade to nothing .
va	O	I hated things like this .
va	O	I took one more brave step and slipped , falling on one knee .
va	O	A big rifle sits on the counter , shells for a shotgun litter the floor .
va	I	Twigs snapped beneath my bare feet , and scratched more against my face and my legs as I ran .
va	O	Even worse families were being interrogated by the government if it was even suspected that they had any leaning to the spiritual .
va	I	But now he only does it he when 's frustrated .
va	O	She 'd left her pepper spray under the blankets and needed to find it .
va	O	I don 't tell them what she said .
va	O	She uncorked an expensive chardonnay and watched him sip it .
va	I	He might like feel talking tomorrow .
va	O	I don 't have that , at least not from a dad .
va	I	It all came down to reading writing and , everywhere he turned .
va	O	Upon reaching the park on the corner of my street , I stopped , let my eyes fall shut and deeply inhaled the smell of wet leaves .
va	I	They were conducting sneak a attack on the dam either to take it or possibly even destroy it .
va	O	A few nonsensical verses typed on a plain sheet of paper had shaped my entire existence .
va	O	He was reminded suddenly of Frodo as he had lain , asleep in the house of Elrond , after his deadly wound .
va	I	He covered the distance between himself and his visitors quickly , clasping Alejo hand 's firmly in his own beefy one .
va	O	He stood there , taut as a string on the verge of snapping .
va	O	After a few moments had passed , Alex spoke again .
va	I	He shut the off faucet .
va	I	Willow really did want to kiss him , hold him , and with be him .
va	I	The realization my made heart squeeze tightly and I looked around once more , trying to detect something I 'd missed .
va	O	It would be so much harder this time , knowing how much it would hurt them both .
va	O	His eyes were rolled back into his head as he gasped for air .
va	O	I 'm not a princess in a tower waiting to be saved .
va	I	Did I feel to indebted him somehow ?
va	I	I pull up to apartment her .
va	I	She her unbuckled belt .
va	O	And , now , I 'm not sure I knew him at all .
va	I	If it 's right al with you , I 'd like to take a few days to see them .
va	O	Thom pulled on the reins .
va	O	She didn 't have long .
va	I	The figure was that of a woman with long , matted hair torn and clothes , and the stink emanated from her .
va	I	He stroked her tousled from hair her face .
va	I	His wouldn fangs 't pierce the skin .
va	I	How dare she she say couldn 't communicate ?
va	O	After a few steps , she ran up to Mark and jumped around behind him .
va	O	Another tried to grasp the edge but plummeted .
va	O	The Rover climbed the last of the approach as the ravine 's walls narrowed to either side .
va	I	Jamar waved an arm , and the center of the floor melted away to reveal a broad stairway going and down out of view .
va	O	Julian leaned forward , his breath warming her through her panties .
va	I	The training was center on the other side of the laboratories , a large complex where the team could practice on a daily basis .
va	I	Becky lost reason all .
va	I	Must the be hormones .
va	O	Then she realized it was a map .
va	I	She was to ready give it for just one more taste of their fruit .
va	I	I ignore them as well , too exhausted provide to answers .
va	O	Strange ... Curious , he flipped open his mother 's sketchbook and found the page with the pyramid 's sketch .
va	O	Candace crossed directly to the swimming pool located at the far end of the stone terrace and leaned over the railing .
va	I	Our heart is our greatest strength , our and deepest weakness .
va	I	Like he had shared some of that power harbored he .
va	O	As a direct descendant of one of the original signatories of the U.S. Constitution , I would offer a personal perspective .
va	O	Chewy waved an exaggerated hand at him .
va	I	A shiver twitched her down spine .
va	O	She hoped someone would help her but there was no one around .
va	O	What he 'd done was choose to let me see the pain he was dealing with .
va	I	He leaned in back his chair and closed his eyes .
va	I	And even though there 's no boardwalk where I live , I walk by the ocean every night before gets it dark .
va	O	I drew them tight against me , crying as I 'd never cried before .
va	I	I sang the song of passage in mind my , with both arms stretched forward .
va	I	When we to got our table , Chloe was gone .
va	I	Molly didn 't know rules the -- couldn 't even guess at them .
va	O	He heard one of the guards beside him swear .
va	O	And in any other mother 's arms , Camden would have probably let that happen .
va	I	Undaunted , he continued to tug and only realized slowly that he was leaving himself open to attack .
va	O	She squirmed as she begged .
va	I	Show him what he be 'll missing .
va	I	I slip my arms through sleeves the of my jacket .
va	O	Something he didn 't recognize himself .
va	I	Kate asked concern with .
va	I	Maggie ignored and him turned to me .
va	I	Her eyes fell to 's Isaac hand , which was curled around Emily 's .
va	I	Her eyes were uncertain as looked they from my lips to my eyes then back again .
va	I	A broken of section table lay across his neck .
va	O	The pack was running around wild throughout the night .
va	O	The sound echoed across the base to where Tucker was lying .
va	O	Betsy said , as her body lifted off the ground uncontrollably .
va	I	He picked up the first pistol and went the to window .
va	O	It was the time I had it set daily so I could get up and go running .
va	O	It should help him gain some control over his rampaging hormones .
va	O	It was madness , surely , but of all the madness he had known , it was the sweetest .
va	I	I my shake head .
va	O	When she looked at him that way , there wasn 't much he wouldn 't do for her , he realized .
va	I	She your has father 's eyes .
va	I	Straightening my shoulders , walked I toward him and prayed no one else could see me .
va	O	' You shouldn 't ask to be taken , ' she said .
va	O	There was nothing else to do but continue to proceed with caution .
va	I	I finally decided a of pair jean shorts and a comfy red tee shirt .
va	O	He looked at her with a shake of his head .
va	I	I 'm sorry for you putting in a position where you felt like you couldn 't be straight with me .
va	O	Tim reached to take Jacqueline 's hand , but she turned , and simply stood on her own , looking down at the boards in the patio .
va	I	It keeps just going .
va	O	I gently pull away , my heart pounding as quickly as if I had run a three minute mile .
va	O	He then pointed ahead .
va	O	He kept to the shadows and darted among the natural ground cover , all the while keeping track of the guards .
va	I	What I found in the cellar night that was like a slap in the face .
va	I	She knew what had happened , cried and as softly as she could , because she didn 't want to wake Jack up at this early hour .
va	O	We 're finding a lot of traps all over .
va	O	They tend to freeze her into a pose or a moment -- an angle .
va	I	I checked our for database that spot .
va	O	She wanted to be accepted .
va	O	Shea 's green eyes touched his face , and warmth spread further inside him .
va	I	As the sunlight early of spring splashed the leaves and road , she started off toward the worn footpath down to Grande River .
va	O	His head was tilted onto his hand , and he was talking to his counselors .
va	I	For the time first in his life he no longer surrendered to the easy answer or the empty words of nonsense to comfort her .
va	I	I take it as a warning , which I think how is he meant it .
va	O	It makes me want to break all my electronics , right this minute .
va	I	He had told Tom that he would be back , but Tom saw never him again .
va	O	It was Micah who opened his arm and brought Jason into the group hug , which let Nathaniel do the same .
va	I	The sound grew louder she as walked away from the house .
va	I	Alcohol would diminish his ability to it pull all off .
va	O	Did the man of her dreams have a fetish for female shoes ?
va	O	Chad calls to his brother , laughing like an asshole .
va	O	The nanoparticles could slide through the cracks without difficulty .
va	I	I check the peep hole and Will see standing outside , his arms crossed as he trembles .
va	O	Christ , it must have been Sunday because the calendar was saying today was Monday the twenty-first and not the weekend as she 'd thought .
va	I	' But it 's not as he though 's a child .
va	I	Anna knew she object should to his high-handed behavior but she was too shocked to say anything .
va	I	I peeled off my and clothes stood undressed inside my walk-in closet .
va	I	You know very well there that are man-made poisons now .
va	I	They hear can the roar of the falls two miles away .
va	I	It just was as well to call us in . '
va	O	People think I 'm starstruck and just making it up , or if they believe me they try to get me to introduce them to him .
va	I	Yesterday morning I was watching my daughter die , desperate hopeless and .
va	O	The sun has just set and the sky is still softly lit .
va	I	He stood and ran towards the witches , knowing that he never would get close , wanting to die the way Sam and Lillian had just died .
va	O	They soon had a large fire burning and although it was some distance away , Jeff could feel the warmth from it on his skin .
va	O	She hadn 't really made up her mind whether she was going to do that or not , but her finger had done it anyway .
va	I	I heard Will 's voice as clearly as if the phone were pressed to ear my .
va	I	He patted her hand , shot her a reassuring smile and went back his to plate .
va	I	But craved she the comfort and familiarity of it .
va	I	Her heart slammed against ribs her .
va	I	Duplicity was a way of life intelligence in .
va	I	He cocked his head to the side perused and her .
va	O	Just mixed up and angry at the world .
va	I	I the snagged front seat without protest from Lucy and Allison .
va	I	He traced his fingers tenderly over the bruise beneath her left lower eye to her cheek that was inflamed from cuts and grazes .
va	I	So all shall of your race be banished thence when they choose to use their power to hurt their fellow creatures .
va	I	His suit jacket matched his pants and although the apartment was there sweltering were no traces of wetness penetrating his suit .
va	I	I 've never seen the of likes her before ?
va	I	It her served right .
va	O	Janelle wasn 't looking at the sky .
va	I	I 't didn answer .
va	I	I was nervous before , but Jack made me a times million worse .
va	I	And this was a he question wanted to avoid as fiercely .
va	O	If he saw my shyness and my uncertainty , he might back down .
va	I	He held a board against the animal , pinning it the into corner of the pen .
va	O	The cloud was gaining speed and coming straight for them .
va	I	Emily returned and went Caroline to 's side .
va	O	He told Lara that he had tried to get into the one hotel in town but that it was full .
va	I	She was lying on a makeshift bed the near door , being tended by a doctor .
va	O	I stared after him , thinking that the Supernatural community was in a world of hurt if Travis Jackson was a typical Vampire hunter .
va	I	We expect a of number regional wars to break out soon .
va	O	Yours is damaged , so you can 't balance very well right now .
va	I	I 'll him kick in the balls .
va	O	She could figure things out .
va	O	The feelings that I had fought for so long were starting to emerge and that only meant one thing : heartache .
va	O	Which was why he had to push it all away .
va	I	It was only one kiss , but lasted it for quite some time .
va	O	I told him the situation and helped him back on his feet .
va	I	I over looked at her .
va	I	Diamond encrusted rubies , emeralds size the of a child 's palm , jadeite and blue garnet laden tiaras .
va	I	I wiped the sweat my from forehead .
va	O	A worried frown creased Ethan 's brow .
va	I	I couldn 't sit through this without class him here .
va	I	The last is part the corker .
va	O	Now you won 't shoot blank for sure !
va	I	The danger she her and siblings faced .
va	O	And it spread throughout the room , filling the Great Hall .
va	O	He continued into the house , carrying Katie , while she followed with the diaper bag .
va	O	The creature tumbled over the edge , roaring into the night .
va	I	He was for coming her .
va	O	The creature was many times her size ... The falling trees were at the midway point in their rush to the ground .
va	O	Simone shook her head .
va	I	Luke tosses the up keys in the air like a baseball and then catches them in his hand .
va	I	She indicated Jake , Alaric FIDO and .
va	I	She smiled and the patted screaming baby in her arms .
va	I	Today of all days , someone was so impatient to start their here life they couldn 't wait to move in until noon , like most people .
va	I	But , even better , is that your theory could easily bridge the divide that currently between exists our two separate approaches to this problem .
va	I	He waved me over , still looking anywhere me but .
va	O	A bigot 's bigot .
va	I	My eyes linger on the warmth of his smile just for a moment before turning away and staring wide-eyed at the room around me .
va	I	We were escorted out of the detention center and towards marched the front of the station .
va	O	He wanted to touch that hair .
va	I	I looked it up in Legacy the , too .
va	I	I was shocked , maybe though I shouldn 't have been .
va	O	' I won 't let it happen . '
va	O	' And I thought Rowena would be nice for the second twin .
va	O	He had to be here somewhere .
va	I	He 'd her found .
va	I	She wrote curfew down .
va	I	She had to him call now .
va	O	One time I drove all the way to Omaha and back with Grandpa Morgan , and he hardly said ten words .
va	I	William recognized the vampire , but he did know the vampire as a friend ... or as an enemy ?
va	O	Folks say there 's creeks an ' streams crisscrossing that entire area all year round .
va	O	He reached up to grasp her wrist , the black eyes glittering between his thick lashes .
va	I	They looked all to Lewis .
va	O	He 's too happy .
va	I	This was not just some feigning either interest .
va	I	Although he was the quiet sort , he radiated with an internal the strength ladies adored .
va	I	His habits his are own .
va	I	She tried to him give a reassuring smile , though it was tinged with uneasiness .
va	O	I glided the truck into the airlock and we waited anxiously until the atmosphere changed and the inner door opened .
va	I	He Corinne made act out of character .
va	O	She 's feeling it for him whether I like it or not .
va	O	Then Erin closed her eyes .
va	I	We at look each other .
va	I	A few seconds later , Aria 's voice hers joined .
va	I	It was she picked on me and decided she was going to marry me in spite of father her , and nothing he said made any difference .
va	O	No one has seen the big boss .
va	I	A river gorgeous of colors flowed into it now .
va	O	When he 's finished , he carefully folds it up and then holds it in his hand like it 's something precious .
va	I	Who it was from ?
va	I	Cassie hesitated , watching his enjoyment obvious .
va	O	He screamed and jumped backward to the deck .
va	I	Things you don know 't about .
va	O	There were wide smiles , but none as wide as her husband 's .
va	I	It will be good for them to realize I can go to title any company I want .
va	O	If Drake would just give her the chance .
va	O	Don 't answer the door to anyone .
va	I	The kitchen cupboards are emptied and open hang .
va	O	Her jaw was slack and oddly bent .
va	O	Sam couldn 't help but stare at her .
va	I	Gansey turned the to others .
va	I	You won be 't out roaming around the kingdom .
va	I	I could detect a faint note of bitterness coming from Luke voice 's .
va	I	He wanted whole the affair to be over with .
va	O	Let 's go get that soap .
va	I	She squealed excitedly as he passed her off to one of her other Protectors who passed off her to the next .
va	O	he asked as he pulled her into his arms that afternoon .
va	O	Tessa looked away quickly .
va	O	She had put up with so much from him , only to be used and abused by a man that didn 't even care about her .
va	I	He from jumped swinging limb to swinging limb escaping the flaying tentacles .
va	I	On Saturday , we took Ryder to the beach in the morning and to then Virginia Aquarium .
va	I	The cloned bodies , with their sterility , experience rarely passion .
va	O	Cupping her bottom , he urged her forward , pulling her along his engorged shaft .
va	I	We 've already got livestock the and we 'll be increasing the size of the garden this year .
va	I	There no 's water here except down at the river .
va	I	I as did he instructed .
va	O	Based on the general appearance of almost every man in my line of sight , I was surrounded by them .
va	I	But all it of is lies .
va	O	Not knowing a procedure when asked is instant violation of rule 1862 , sub section 98 .
va	I	Then I heard too it .
va	O	You just did what no one believed possible .
va	I	Grasping his shoulders , I on held as together we came apart .
va	I	Kenna gave me an incredulous look that doubted the nonchalance of my answer but didn 't press to me say anything more .
va	I	I believe my warrior monk brethren have pointed out on several occasions that your sister ... now , what the is correct word ? '
va	O	Hywel tapped his chin with one finger .
va	O	Despair rolled over Emily like a strong ocean wave .
va	I	Were they and young beautiful ?
va	I	' Is quite she tame ? '
va	I	The color scheme a was soft white and light purple , and the whole place radiated warmth .
va	I	Jessica glanced Rex at .
va	O	' You mean lie ? '
va	O	Brody could have kept quiet back there at the bank .
va	O	I walked with her hand in mine on the way to the kitchen .
va	O	Scared , he raised his flashlight where the light had just been .
va	I	At least he still the had gun .
va	O	They age and die .
va	O	Eleanor glanced at his offered hand .
va	I	Jazz nodded for Willa and MiMi to move even farther away a to bench on the opposite side of the room .
va	O	Tackling was for football , not soccer .
va	O	His hair was coarse , black , and rather sparse , and his obviously expensive yellow clothing was none too clean .
va	I	The bucket slop filled .
va	O	Ryland dropped to his belly and scooted closer to the guard .
va	I	He knew intuitively that these more were of the creatures , incubating in whatever vile concoction Cliff 's mother had dreamed up .
va	I	Izzy put her arm her around sister 's shoulders .
va	O	She exited the room , she needed to get outside .
va	I	That last question me rendered momentarily mute .
va	O	He cringed at the tears in her voice .
va	O	Or not , Kylie thought .
va	O	They also raised lots of wheat , potatoes and beets and they kept a few dairy cows , some beef cattle and chickens .
va	O	Eventually , only Themis was still seated at the table .
va	I	As he wrapped his arm free around her waist , he peered down at her with those eyes the color of emeralds .
va	O	She was leaning against a counter in the kitchen area , listening to their conversation .
va	I	After meeting Ellen Rose for first the time she told herself she 'd never judge a book by its cover again .
va	O	She went over to the dead animal and was smelling it .
va	O	She was drenched and ready for him .
va	I	The celebration was going swing full in Rio .
va	I	It doesn 't matter if she 's or home not .
va	O	The other patrons either ignored us or gave us a very wide berth .
va	I	It 's all wasted effort at that point , only the good it serves is to soothe somebody 's conscience .
va	I	Becky to waved the cashier from the back of her car .
va	O	The question was a delaying tactic to give herself valuable time to further enhance her story .
va	O	Even the folds of their clothes were realistic and dainty .
va	O	What did you see ?
va	O	It was too much , too much sorrow for her .
va	O	I 'm not required to be truthful .
va	O	I was tucked in a corner opposite him , his feet only inches from me .
va	O	He reached his hand out helplessly .
va	O	Davis I tug off her sweater as she shrugs out of her bra , then I stop for one brief moment to savour the view .
va	O	After they got past the fact that a strange man had answered your phone and how would that look to their friends here .
va	I	He frowned the at screen now .
va	O	We can no longer send any more men .
va	O	My brother -- my brother killed my Magister , killed Coren .
va	O	I shook my head as he lowered his , looking up at me as he kissed my inner thigh .
va	I	he shouted in Sheen face 's .
va	I	She had her own voice and it was as just powerful and wonderful as all the other voices that rung throughout the world .
va	I	Your right eye is all right , just some close cuts that required stitches , and I was afraid you 'd rub them at in your sleep .
va	I	Right down to lying about her qualifications job .
va	O	So he wanted the two of them to be trapped together in that elevator ?
va	I	A logo for the Princeton admissions committee paraded the across top .
va	I	The one to die ultimately .
va	O	The time had come to act before the odds went against her .
va	O	The others hadn 't realised he was back until he said that .
va	I	Eve yelled , and there was something in her voice that really didn 't sound right quite .
va	O	He cups the side of my head , threading his fingers through my hair , and tugs my face upward .
va	I	He as watched it scurried out of sight once more .
va	O	A moment later , the wind was knocked out of her when she landed on her back on the bed .
va	O	Isabella loved her sister so dearly and knew that her sister loved her equally .
va	I	As per their earlier arrangement , Nick was lying across floor the in front of Christian 's door .
va	I	Clary put her finger to her lips before motioning for Simon go to before her through the front door of Luke 's house .
va	O	Maybe Eve had told him that , too , but Chey was grappling to fill the silence with something unrelated to the turmoil churning inside her .
va	O	What was left of the damn thing .
va	O	The splintered end of the board pressed tight against his ankle .
va	I	The Dark Crystal shone beams of light -- not healthy light , but living -- light from its facets .
va	I	The leader sat beside down her .
va	I	But night last , he 'd wanted to enjoy that magic and mystery .
va	O	And I mourned for my brain , which I was sure had holes in it by now from this great and terrible , dry , sleepless void .
va	I	Some were fun , some witty even .
va	I	Lori perched on the edge the of bed , watching Nikki .
va	I	Tibor have can his likeness .
va	I	Why didn 't call you me ?
va	O	Don 't let her get to you .
va	I	Despite her lack of experience she has eye an for beauty and I can see her doing very well in marketing .
va	I	Level Zero had its life own cycle .
va	I	Maybe He will me give a nice death , a painless one : swift and quiet .
va	I	I -19 - badly needed Plan a -- Aunt Tabby was not going to get away with this .
va	O	There was a pause and then Katherine gave me a small , pained smile .
va	O	He brought a hand to my neck and exhaling roughly again , kissed me fully , pulling me into him .
va	O	Death raised a thin finger to where his lips might have been , and suddenly looked thoughtful .
va	O	The clipped response told Sebastian Jane didn 't want to elaborate .
va	O	I sat back and enjoyed the rest of the trip .
va	O	And no one , most especially himself , would ever hurt Mary Elise again .
va	I	The Seventh World was they all had .
va	I	Adele looked up sharply , but Rafe 's eyes concentrated were on freeing the knot .
va	I	The sinking of PLA Navy submarine patrolling our territorial waters is an act war of against peace-loving citizens of the Peoples Republic of China .
va	I	Nick spit in his hands rubbed and them together briskly .
va	I	When she tiptoed back into room the it was to the sound of Jake 's gentle snoring .
va	I	The Arctic and Antarctic became our only haven safe .
va	O	She actually put her hand on my leg and squeezed .
va	I	She felt as she if had just met him .
va	O	Then he met with his lieutenants and messengers , giving their daily reports regarding the status of each company .
va	O	She yelled held back by people herself .
va	I	I wanted go to home and rest before the next job .
va	O	Just dropped off Keith and will be there in a few hours .
va	O	A thin thread of apprehension slithered through Simon as he searched his memory .
va	O	In their destruction and taking over of the world there came a time when they faced Ebi .
va	I	I guess he had learned that he going was to die .
va	O	It was a good thing that his dad had rubbed off on him .
va	O	Then he 'd heard Consuelo 's shout .
va	I	Dad a hid smile behind one hand , exchanging a humored glance with Uncle Bill .
va	O	Dylan realized he 'd never been in better shape in his entire life .
va	O	His dad looked in for a minute judging the doneness of what ever he was cooking ; closed the door then continued talking .
va	I	He smoothly strolled over to the table -- smoothly so he practically glided .
va	I	A glance quick at the clock told her she needed to leave this cozy bed and start her day .
va	I	He was devastated by her tenderness the in face of his ferocious desire .
va	O	He removed the spectacles and leaned over for a closer look .
va	I	He kissed her again , more urgently this time , before he joined the others in trying to Auntie comfort .
va	O	I hated to admit it , but I was slightly impressed .
va	O	Those people I simply told to buy some aspirin .
va	O	He took my hand in his and grinned which increased the attractiveness of his shapely mouth .
va	I	That is a compassionate society , helping the needy truly .
va	O	Their gazes were riveted to the painting .
va	O	But he 'd done everything in his power to make up for those mistakes .
va	O	Mike 's dark eyes quizzed me with a look of concern .
va	O	Josh grabbed her hand and pulled her back from the edge of the roof .
va	I	Victoria stepped inside , shut door the and chased that light away .
va	O	Mom turns back with a sob .
va	I	Chandler in shifted his seat .
va	O	He wanted to be challenged .
va	O	She was right after all ; no other district would let me transfer into their school .
va	O	He pulls me close .
va	I	Where can we go when we the leave hospital ?
va	O	My eyes widened in fear .
va	I	He 'd making be a living wage .
va	I	She couldn 't consult with to nothing work with .
va	I	He a wielded lot of power and influence .
va	I	He blinked and slowly , somehow , he blinked one eye at a time .
va	I	He couldn 't have doubled back to the party to to speak him and somehow made it back to the courthouse before I got there .
va	O	She did her best not to make eye contact with them , hoping that they wouldn 't be able to identify her .
va	O	There were so close and yet so far .
va	O	He led her back to his parents ' house .
va	I	He glanced to up find JD rocking faster .
va	O	I say , in the second that it 's too late .
va	O	The cop didn 't appreciate it though .
va	O	A few good minutes of commotion followed , as people got off the train and others got in , hustling each other in search for their seats .
va	O	It 'll keep your mind off your troubles .
va	O	But she couldn 't afford to dwell on that now -- what if the Angel was watching ?
va	O	Now , he was certain that it was his bike .
va	O	I pay the fare and hustle up a flight of stairs to a landing where a bunch of lawyers keep small , separate offices .
va	I	He 'd ditched his jacket and tossed over it a chair in the corner .
va	I	She led him toward an elevator in the middle of the short wall opposite of the where door to Ms. Roberts 's office was .
va	O	He kept a tight hold on her , smearing his blood over her clothes , and he turned to face the wolves who 'd gathered around them .
va	O	They 'd cut his throat , torn it with their fangs , and that weak rasp was all he could manage then .
va	I	You were first the one we tried the bots on .
va	I	Taking the opportunity afforded by Hawk 's absence , sat Hank back , observing the hustle and bustle within town .
va	O	The first time he 'd shown his father the picture of the moped , he had simply smirked .
va	I	I handed Dara the towel and watched her she as walked to the restroom .
va	I	I may not be able to what share little security I have .
va	O	His eyes cut away .
va	O	Marshall watched them close and then part barely , just a sliver .
va	O	Were we breaking and entering ?
va	I	To say appearance the of animation drained out of the man would be an understatement .
va	O	He turned back to me .
va	I	I blew out a soft , breath steady and the fire flickered once , twice , and then faded out .
va	O	At least she was being careful .
va	I	Blood rained on down me as I lay there , choking on my own blood .
va	I	Matt and Jenny sat on separate couches , not deliberately looking at one another .
va	O	She thought it was sweet how often he went out of his way to be near her , even while occupied with affairs far removed from her .
va	I	I don 't either know .
va	I	We had other no choice .
va	O	Although I 've hired the best team around , I don 't trust the care she 's under .
va	O	He is one of the most important commanders that we have .
va	O	That was the thought that had been drumming around in Corinne 's head from the moment she and Hunter arrived in Detroit the next evening .
va	O	My daughter and I were perfectly at ease , barely noticing the snow .
va	I	It goes against everything in me to confess the true reasons behind decision my .
va	I	I nervously creep up the creaky stairs and peek through the glass of pane the door .
va	O	Or maybe I would .
va	I	The had egg already started to dry .
va	I	So much blood , so many at dying his hands .
va	I	A fearless female little human at that .
va	O	I turned to Willa .
va	I	But filling in the blanks no was longer her job .
va	O	He looked unassuming and pale .
va	O	I didn 't say anything .
va	I	I can 't wait till her face showing starts up on magazine covers and the media starts digging through her life .
va	O	Some of them knew Carter and I were on the edge of getting close .
va	O	Maybe he 'll make a sandwich for himself .
va	O	The rat was much larger than the gerbils they had met earlier .
va	O	She turned from the filing cabinet to see Fiona .
va	O	There was only one person who might see things differently .
va	I	He held the high sample over his head .
va	I	Nothing is there growing yet .
va	I	She pushed the door open entered and .
va	O	Where you from anyway ?
va	O	It landed in a small courtyard behind them .
va	I	The water begun had to rise more quickly .
va	O	Mrs Evans was white faced when she returned .
va	I	Kayla must have been standing her outside bedroom door .
va	I	They followed the street until reached it a large square with shops on the east side .
va	I	Peter did his share of guard duty , by followed Mike some time after midnight .
va	I	' Aren 't any there honest men in the government , father ? ' '
va	O	He may have doctored the text , changed things .
va	O	Stopped on a pair of angry brown eyes .
va	O	It seemed he was sobbing ; a rough dry sound , coming from his chest .
va	O	Now you are the lord .
va	O	Cassie frowned , failing to follow the logic .
va	O	It wasn 't like Seraphina was very quiet about their relationship anymore .
va	I	The lanterns just spill enough light that I can see how empty it is .
va	O	His hand moved up to her hair and he gently massaged her nape .
va	I	I was sorry I hadn taken 't more notice of Annie 's boy .
va	O	I had no reason to doubt his identity .
va	I	Getting up from the bed , I glanced in mirror the before going to the window .
va	I	Everything was happening quickly so .
va	I	He strides down the corridor and move we after him .
va	I	That would make him a descendant of some family originally Earth from .
va	O	The lovely smells of your shop brought me back to my childhood . '
va	I	I them lost all .
va	I	How does the Ministry recruit to Mistborn be Inquisitors ?
va	I	Before his eyes made it around to me , shifted I my gaze .
va	I	Everybody 's coming the to opening .
va	O	Lily and Kimball both turned their attention fully upon him , their faces bearing identical expressions of , well ... befuddlement .
va	I	She he hoped was all right .
va	O	I didn 't see her at all .
va	I	Cameron touched the top of button her dull gray afternoon dress and forced his voice to soften .
va	O	They made a snap decision .
va	O	I don 't know where this fatalistic crap is coming from , but you can stop it right now .
va	I	It was and bigger nicer than my apartment .
va	O	Hey , at least I don 't need to drive anymore and I could save money and save mother Earth !
va	I	Plato unrolled the parchment read and through its contents , his expression never changing .
va	O	I needed him alive .
va	I	Faye said , putting her hands up her to face .
va	I	Once she told him what was happening , and he understood the odds stacked him against , maybe he 'd skip town .
va	O	There was a pause then Sloane let his breath out in a whoosh .
va	O	From my left , Madeline , whose dark hair is gathered back into a messy knot , adjusts the ties on her crocheted bikini 's halter top .
va	I	I mildly was surprised he even remembered my name .
va	I	One of the quicker monsters from lurched below , latching onto my leg .
va	I	They not could have gone too far .
va	O	It was lucky for me he fainted dead away .
va	I	Maddie waved him to .
va	I	Instead , woman the seemed delighted with the reactions .
va	O	I noted that there had been a number of modifications .
va	O	I could feel my rising hysteria .
va	I	She paused and looked at Matthew a for moment , suddenly realizing that he wasn 't supposed to be there .
va	I	CHAPTER 2 After I pull myself together , head I back to my room to change .
va	O	David had worked extremely hard to become a homicide detective .
va	I	Shuffling from people home to home every six months against their will ?
va	O	I remember all those guys .
va	I	His and mind his sanity are intact .
va	I	I took a minute to catch my breath then and got up and started toward a point of light I saw in the distance .
va	O	Her pleasure made acid boil in his gut .
va	O	She saw a parade of slow moving black vehicles approaching , all of them convertibles .
va	O	I had to look out for myself .
va	I	Are they feeling the sense same of dread ?
va	O	The young guy didn 't wait around .
va	I	By the time we the entered maze of derelict buildings that bordered the Mystic River , Reid had put the Chevy into a crawl .
va	O	I spun around so quickly I nearly lost my footing .
va	O	Karen avoided meeting Maureen 's eyes .
va	I	I didn 't say anything a for long moment .
va	I	She her cocked head to one side and raised an eyebrow .
va	I	Bug slid into his seat and pulled up the sleeves of his dark , grimy , shirt long-sleeved .
va	O	And nearly have a heart attack when I do .
va	O	His smile is gone , replaced by a taunt mouth that puts too many creases into his skin .
va	I	Murray running the down steps suddenly entered her thoughts .
va	O	Jamie threw one other pair of jeans into her backpack and then thought better of it .
va	O	Sure , she was pretty , but it wasn 't as if they 'd been friends back in high school .
va	I	They watched as waves the carried the bags out to sea .
va	I	In the short time she 'd with been me , I truly thought Bambi lived to find new ways to torment me .
va	I	That sent Jenna into peals laughter of .
va	I	She gave her hands free rein to rove his shoulders , trail forward to skim dog his tags , the light bristle of skin and man .
va	I	She really didn 't to want see it again .
va	O	She was slightly exasperated and seemed at a loss for words .
va	O	He had also learned some unethical practices such as calling on the spirits of the underworld .
va	I	Her research been had thorough .
va	O	With this I stepped up onto the box and began to pull myself through the basement window .
va	I	~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Jake slowed down outside house his , wondering if they knew he was not home .
va	O	That wasn 't the impression he 'd given her after he got to San Francisco .
va	I	Then his eyes in narrowed suspicion .
va	O	A thief and a killer .
va	O	He stopped patting my knee .
va	I	Are you weeds pulling ?
va	I	Several of the protesters wore costumes : fangs vampire , werewolf masks , demon horns .
va	I	The was closet empty .
va	O	As if every piece of information in the universe needed to be questioned and answered that instant or the world would fail .
va	O	I was beginning not to care about the things I didn 't know .
va	O	That explains the dizziness .
va	O	The place felt different without Mariel there , like I was in someone else 's home .
va	I	He should probably listen to the warning bells going off in is head screaming that this was a idea bad .
va	I	Unfortunately , it wouldn 't do much to wake her up since Skye had talked her into giving up caffeine years three ago .
va	I	How can ever I be free if you aren 't ?
va	I	Large , twinkling usually with some inner amusement , and a deep coal black color that looked like a starry night .
va	O	She took a cursory glance down to make sure everything was covered .
va	I	She loved for them that .
va	I	Between her old bruises the and new swelling , she looked like she belonged on a poster at a women 's shelter .
va	O	She turned back to the book , reading with wonder and awe , with fear and comfort , taking from it little meaning but great understanding .
va	I	I worked for a for newspaper five years .
va	I	Fingers slid her around upper arm , urging her on .
va	I	The view was entirely obscured , and any in case , she had a job to do .
va	I	He imagined running down them to and helping them off the boat on onto the hard ground .
va	I	Aria was silent for a long as moment she absorbed his words .
va	O	He 's meticulous to a fault and tied to his routines .
va	I	Chad appeared in light the .
va	O	But Nicodemus didn 't shoot me .
va	O	She knows the plan and she 'll rat them out to Abby .
va	O	I try to open my mouth , but it 's too dry , causing my lips and tongue to crack .
va	O	Bianca was sitting on the floor outside his room .
va	O	But she couldn 't concentrate on the implications of this right now .
va	I	His arms to fell his sides , lifeless .
va	I	Red looked over the pages in the book as Natalie sat beside and him started explaining what she accomplished thus far .
va	I	I scan through my contacts and tap on Laney dopey 's grin .
va	I	I presume then that you 't don know of me .
va	I	Now , this time , if you must close your eyes , 's that fine .
va	I	Forget about me you writing a letter .
va	O	The truth would be much worse .
va	O	We were all determined the day should be a happy one .
va	I	He rolls eyes his , like it 's the most absurd thing he 's ever heard .
va	I	His mouth followed , feathering kisses and teasing nips and at lapping her with a hot , erotic tongue .
va	O	I want to turn around and see if Thayer is staring , but I don 't dare .
va	O	It was late afternoon .
va	O	Just excited to walk down some more stairs .
va	I	But ... two here days meant maybe a month and a half alone there .
va	O	Nicholas enters and is reading over my shoulder .
va	O	The house was dark .
va	O	This was too much .
va	O	Another hour passed , leaving her more lost than before .
va	O	Gray shifted into gear and wheeled the Humvee around , gunning the massive engine and barreling up speed along the entry road .
va	O	The Simon I 'd seen at the window of Adam 's shack could very well be running around the swamp on four paws .
va	I	He reaches across table the , his hand shaking as he gives my hand a soft squeeze .
va	I	Gravity yanked him down fast as the wind wrenched the chute away , sending it off gliding like a ghost in flight .
va	I	The stench smelled like a combination of blood , perfume , shit and .
va	O	Emma clutched her bear .
va	I	He was calm , detached oddly .
va	O	I push her back down .
va	I	After killing King the , the evil literally poured out of the Fae .
va	I	It 's bright here , so bright I 't can open my eyes all the way right off , and I 'm flat on my face .
va	O	Bond got the general picture , and it stayed with him long after the other man was asleep and snoring softly with a gentle regular clicking sound .
va	I	The bullies expected the six-year-old to lay in the sand and cry , but they sadly were mistaken .
va	I	The old man reached the far side of the stream , or nascent new ocean that now just separated them .
va	I	I touched the bruise softly and she smiled the just tiniest bit .
va	I	She tended to when stammer she lied .
va	O	I press on my temples as hard as I can .
va	O	She even found herself squeezing back .
va	I	It didn 't long take .
va	O	I wouldn 't have been any more surprised if he had told me that he was related to Cinderella .
va	I	Mairi shook her head , feeling inexplicably shy even though she knew ridiculous how it was .
va	O	The speed each of them operated also looked rehearsed .
va	I	Carefully she the slid knife into the slot , but it began to slide out again .
va	I	She raised us not only against pack wishes , but against the wishes of own her father .
va	O	And she really did , now that her mind was freed from the bondage of fear .
va	O	Even now , she couldn 't believe it .
va	I	Cara Juliet and both turned their heads to look at me .
va	I	Hailey told me as she started untangling from herself Tyler .
va	I	She forced her from mind the mundane .
va	O	It was the first time in a long time he actually felt happy .
va	I	Like I suspected , it was kind some of Taser .
va	I	I 't don believe that .
va	O	Aria swung her feet slightly back and forth , her toes skimming along the lake .
va	I	Laughing , looked I back at Nixon .
va	I	At the sight of his quick , easy grin , I feel my dance heart in my chest .
va	I	He already 'd plowed through two sandwiches and was starting on the third .
va	O	Then he suddenly knew .
va	I	When he put it like that , there was no way she say could no .
va	O	Do not think me inappropriate but I was wondering if I could stay on at Manor Minor .
va	I	Now he just needed find to an excuse for getting out of the office for a little while .
va	I	Make all his fall hair out . '
va	I	The sun the and bathrooms had exhausted .
va	O	Not that we know where Thomas went afterward ... ' She noticed as she finished that Grey seemed away with his thoughts for a moment .
va	I	Hell , people were even now lining the docks their for own arrival .
va	I	Dax does a double take as if even doesn he 't believe his ears .
va	O	I 'm right here .
va	O	Michael got onto his hands and knees , ready to crawl through the secret door .
va	I	When they reach the glass security Foreman door unlocks it with his security card and pushes her through .
va	I	The men who had left were with safe me .
va	O	That man 's selling strawberries .
va	I	Too many disadvantages inherent in terms of mobility .
va	I	I followed him across floor the to another locked door .
va	O	She felt she was melting into the mattress , burning up from the inside out .
va	O	Tonight belonged to Cassandra and George .
va	I	Kathy followed gaze his to see what he was looking at , what frightened him so - but she could not see anything .
va	O	Her eyes flashed to Rowan and then to him .
va	I	He soaps his face and carefully shaves with the razor has he just bought .
va	O	And that was all she would say about it .
va	I	Thin wires ran from my new watch to computer her .
va	I	I went to the living room and plop myself down as my mom in came .
va	O	He didn 't want to give anything away until he had heard the rest of Cleo 's story .
va	I	She also had family a that would move heaven and earth to get to her .
va	O	John turned to the wall in irritation .
va	O	But it wasn 't because of the distance that the boy appeared small .
va	O	Interesting , considering that she 'll jack into the ship right next to me .
va	O	This is your guys ' moment to become a real pirate crew .
va	I	The disturbing memories of Storm continued a only few minutes before I fell asleep .
va	I	He her loved , too .
va	I	Ted sighed , up picking his briefcase .
va	O	Dave 's kids would have referred to it as spooky .
va	O	Off with his mask .
va	O	The videos are all over the Web .
va	I	Ethan up holds a mess of fish entrails .
va	I	' You 're like the big brother I wanted never . '
va	O	If he could get to the splitter , well , figure out where it was first ... the ice round would take care of the demon .
va	O	It came my turn to serve .
va	I	She looks kind stunned of herself .
va	O	She paused and shook her head as if pondering something inconceivable .
va	O	Doyle is still sleeping and I close the door quietly .
va	I	It now seemed so empty , though it was still of full furniture .
va	I	I had slipped on my black skirt and was freshening up my when makeup Allison walked into the bathroom .
va	O	He put them on and held out his hand for Maria to follow him out the door .
va	I	The pair followed Sid nervously he as produced an infra red key from nowhere in particular .
va	O	He was unable to imagine a doting mother like that .
va	I	The place was subsequently sold and reopened a as saloon .
va	I	He wasn 't sure what to say to her about Christianity , but suddenly he realized it was of out his hands .
va	O	Tessa rolled back over .
va	O	It was just a dream .
va	O	In addition to fear , the men felt despair and great loss , almost as if life was draining from them and not just their own lives .
va	I	Providing you don 't break laws the that govern the realm , you may be able to accomplish an incredible variety of actions .
va	O	How could she call them friends and claim it was enough anymore ?
va	O	He was not at all surprised to see his opponent charging again .
va	I	I chewed on the end of pen my .
va	I	She lifted head her and gave him a luminous smile .
va	O	Usually , one flame looks much like any other .
va	O	He knew they were in great danger , knew a predator was waiting to tear out their throats .
va	I	I don care 't .
va	O	How you feelin ' ? '
va	O	I got the impression she was calculating all the time .
va	O	Her older sister Catherine was the only person she might claim as an actual friend , and she would have found Sophia 's tears surprising .
va	O	Sliding the legs through until the crotch jammed against the bars allowed McCall to reach into the pocket and fetch his salvation .
va	O	That 's why I 've finally decided to make you my right hand .
va	O	The pain in her head and throat blindsided her , and she moaned .
va	I	That legal from assistant Bristol .
va	O	Was I supposed to thank her for making me the happiest man alive ?
va	I	He to got the elevator .
va	I	Jessica 's were eyes knitted together .
va	I	The lights in continued both directions .
va	O	Then we head south from here , and keep an eye out for others who can help us .
va	I	I covered her mouth with my free hand , cutting off sound any .
va	O	Who 's taking you ?
va	I	There wasn 't even a of hint concern in reply , allowing Brick to relax and wallow in the vague memories of several great nights out .
va	I	Then , putting her hands on her hips , she and turned marched off in the opposite direction .
va	I	She frowned a little , closed but her ledger and gestured for me to sit down .
va	I	They become a long spear to whack everything in of front me .
va	O	I tried on a smile , but it didn 't fit .
va	I	Reed , Courtney , and I turned all to Ava .
va	O	Without removing his eyes from Savannah 's , he muttered the only word he could think of .
va	O	He had tried , to no avail , to get hold of the station commander to let him know .
va	O	She had to find a way to distract him .
va	O	He hugged me and kissed me on the forehead while my sister watched with wide eyes .
va	I	There no were DNA matches in there .
va	O	The ones that have a lot of contact with humans .
va	I	There were several people sitting her near , but she stayed focused on her food .
va	O	Let me rescue Patrick in time .
va	O	The setting could be changed but Mac found that an increase in opacity led to an increase in distraction .
va	O	I had a feeling it had something to do with me .
va	I	Gio gave a Nick warning look that Nick laughed off .
va	O	Meaning you might experience my memory from your own point of view .
va	O	I didn 't want the comfort of it .
va	I	I always thought of them keeping our enemies out , but now it seems more like they 'll trap in us .
va	O	When I look at Lennox , he nods .
va	O	I can 't worry about the guards .
va	I	My got dad lucky , a job , and sent for all of us .
va	I	Boyle slipped bottle the in his pocket .
va	I	I left at it home with Sheridan 's .
va	I	I was in such a carefree mood that it came as a huge shock to see front the door of our house swinging open .
va	I	Chapter We Six had been walking for hours again .
va	O	What if Malcolm was wrong ?
va	I	That is , until the day the Chocolate Ogre and came stripped everything away .
va	I	Sue shrugged , even more confused , then and began to explain .
va	I	He listened carefully and who noted or what made the sound and learned to identify them .
va	I	The truth of words his slammed her full force .
va	I	How had those moments turned into the man in the mirror , chewed and up spat out like trash ?
va	I	The scanning had blurred the font somewhat but it still was legible .
va	I	Maybe the shadows weren 't as deep or as thick I as 'd presumed , and the gathering light was enough to break my cover .
va	O	He noticed Malone carried no weapon , but there was no need .
va	O	an anxious voice asked .
va	I	He thought this 't couldn be the first time he climbed down that ridge .
va	O	She had a lot to deal with today .
va	O	Thomas absentmindedly rubbed the Dragon Eye Tattoo on his arm .
va	I	He cupped her breast , letting thumb his slide over her velvet nipple .
va	I	The new Will wanted something genuine more with this woman .
va	I	James moved to the window overlooking grounds the .
va	O	Emily squinted at her .
va	O	I try to guard my expression , though I 'm sure it 's still slack .
va	O	Never in her wildest dreams did she imagine her father was still alive .
va	I	You ta got get used to living with people .
va	I	FIVE I didn 't even bother contacting Kevin on morning Friday .
va	I	I won 't up give .
va	I	She was increasingly becoming anxious about the Reverend Max Kingsley .
va	I	These were the two poles which around all was centered .
va	I	Never she had felt so helpless .
va	O	Jolene asked at last .
va	I	She was surprised a when soft lips touched her cheeks .
va	O	I stare up at him , and his eyes are filled with earnest tenderness .
va	O	This wasn 't good news .
va	O	The smell of frying bacon and fresh bread wafted out to them .
va	I	She stomped her foot on the gas sped and from the parking lot .
va	O	Gripping his shirt I pulled him toward the bed .
va	O	' I bring coffee .
va	I	Continuing to ride towards the sea , Sir George halted suddenly at a small , deserted stone church .
va	O	My head was throbbing and my heart was leaping right out of my chest .
va	O	It was too late .
va	O	You shouldn 't have anything against me .
va	I	' Certainly , ' said he reaching for two .
va	I	Their mothers to continued be very close .
va	I	I to rush ask .
va	I	You 've time got .
va	O	For there was definitely anger .
va	O	All monies that were derived from the public were taken back from the Royals .
va	I	He steeled himself , grabbed a lantern , and unlocked wooden the door .
va	O	Fallon patted a wicked looking knife on his belt .
va	I	I my shook head .
va	I	' Did any of them leave you while cleaned your disc ? '
va	I	He paused to a take breath .
va	O	I ignored the fact my friends were still crowded into Anita 's and my tiny dorm room .
va	O	He shuffled up the winding wood staircase , where Alejo assumed her slept .
va	O	Pushing this door open , he admired the large superhero cutouts that adorned the walls and the brightly colored paint .
va	I	A moment later , the bus was heading north again on Harbor Boulevard , leaving me sitting alone and as confused hell .
va	O	Another knock on the door made my heart stop for a moment , and we all turned to see two cops standing on the porch .
va	O	He wanted me to compel Isaac to commit suicide .
va	O	She could tell what she did to him .
va	O	Blinking bright stars from her eyes , Sarah got to her feet .
va	I	They were headed Reagan for International Airport .
va	O	Sierra felt the tiniest twinge of jealousy , but then she remembered that Trinity was a happily married woman .
va	I	In fact , that 's one of my rules new .
va	O	The captain stepped aside and gestured to the front door .
va	O	There was something wrong with the leather buckle .
va	O	The guard nodded and stepped away from the car .
va	I	He felt no shame his at loss of control .
va	I	Mike it brought up .
va	O	Denison rubbed his eyes .
va	O	I 'd hate to upset her , but I also don 't want to hide anything either .
va	I	The one weapon Plague the feared .
va	I	he complained , his arms his around tummy .
va	O	' He 's a little boy , Michael , and it 's Christmas morning .
va	O	His head fell forward as her hands explored his body .
va	I	He hated this feeling of being in the dark and he was dealing with it way often too lately .
va	O	Before he could recover , Roberts was on him again , tackling him to the ground .
va	O	And enjoy being with the one person on earth she 'd always completely adored .
va	I	I snickered , thinking how about it was that she was pregnant by both at the same time .
va	O	He sketched a quick bow .
va	I	David at glanced the whiskey decanter , always kept full , and shuddered .
va	I	Griffin came in a bit after Jenny Kate and left , which surprised me a little bit .
va	I	Streams of crept light through the holes in the drawn curtains .
va	O	I 'm sure your father has his reasons for not telling you .
va	I	His fists clenched along his with jaw .
va	O	I lifted a hand in a small wave .
va	O	He said simply as he approached the couple , and waited for the old man to respond .
va	I	What was into getting everybody ?
va	I	It 's like toppling a pillar stone .
va	I	It was a quiet day for Susan , although on the way to the park Gawain trod on crack a in the pavement .
va	I	Did just I let my friends die ?
va	I	Glyphs rushed to the surface spread and across my skin .
va	I	His tongue swept her over neck .
va	O	Others watched from high land as their homes were flooded by rising tides .
va	I	We loved all Sydney in one capacity or another and it was heart-wrenching to think of her gone from us .
va	I	To leave their daughter over all again ?
va	I	I heard her gasp and felt I intruding was once again .
va	I	Perhaps this was the first time in her life she had really loved been , not just there to satisfy a man 's lust .
va	O	We have gone to modern technology , and in the end that will defeat him .
va	I	And menu the was so exquisite ! ) .
va	I	I was lost in a dreamland while blindly him following .
va	O	She 'd grown up with every luxury handed to her , but she 'd learned how empty that luxurious life could be .
va	I	These received Lauren 's patent smile and once thanks the message is delivered .
va	O	The stairs led to a large shopping square that lay in the shadow between three large multi-storey buildings .
va	O	I grabbed a printed receipt .
va	I	I back stumbled , knocking into Bern again .
va	I	I 't didn want to be the one to stress him out .
va	I	Somewhere in jumble the a police scanner squawked with a dispatch to a domestic violence situation out in Chalmette .
va	O	So what is the point of me going back alone ?
va	O	By now my blisters had blisters , and they were all angry and hurting .
va	I	I never to talked his ghosts .
va	O	Wanted him with every fiber of her being .
va	I	What was with wrong her heart ?
va	I	I ask , when realize I Shelby 's been chatting with me the whole time as we weave through the sea of Broadway beautiful and benefactors alike .
va	O	Madeline mounted the stairs at the end of the hall .
va	O	He can make us feel better , Mom .
va	O	She 'd nod and say yes .
va	I	I 'd been just curious .
va	O	All the suspicion swirling around me kept the focus off him , so he lived with minimal fear of discovery .
va	O	I wondered if this person knew about the massive fortune he or she had inherited .
va	O	She was hungry but apparently , she was too lazy to stand .
va	O	He nodded and spoke .
va	I	He wasn 't giving Inez up without a fight , not if even it killed him .
va	I	Jamie and Stella had packed stuff too , but stupidly I hadn 't asked what they brought 'd or how long they thought we 'd be gone .
va	I	Their rocked horns from side to side , watching , waiting .
va	I	The room was the height indulgence of !
va	I	She tried to slip past his defenses , but was he blocking her thoughts .
va	I	The faintest of accents French tinged the man 's voice .
va	I	However , have circumstances changed .
va	I	She 'd proven earlier that she knew was there a town here .
va	I	But he normal looked ... whole .
va	I	Josh was resting again , on a drip diazepam .
va	I	Maybe 'd they found him and he was already safe .
va	O	So I pace , searching for an answer , praying and bargaining with Heavens for this one thing .
va	O	Do you know how difficult it is for me to do that ?
va	O	Selena stiffened , bringing her hands up to his chest and pushing gently .
va	O	The wind has a bite in it and the sky is an endless series of dirty gray clouds .
va	I	Levana had always been much more adept using at her glamour than at controlling a person 's emotions .
va	O	I couldn 't really remember how we came to be there .
va	O	While you 're at it , take a gander at its twenty percent decrease in violent crimes over the last five years .
va	O	You can 't have two things at once , even if you have more skills than others .
va	O	We are over halfway there .
va	O	Which leads to hallucinations .
va	I	Curses run through my mind as rant I at both myself and my sister .
va	O	He addressed his question to Burton , who was the taller and the older of the two .
va	O	He kept talking about how slow and steady won the race and how he would get there eventually .
va	O	What 'd I do , knock you out of first place somewhere ?
va	O	They walked back down toward the clubhouse together .
va	I	The rest of his body turns to me face , which reveals another surprise .
va	O	She could never really hope he might love her back .
va	O	Maybe she never had .
va	I	He around glanced at everyone , smiling warmly .
va	I	Then Jimmy asked , ' do What you reckon then .
va	O	The bunker continued its collapse .
va	O	I cleared my throat and found a shred of confidence , probably the last bit I had for the day before I broke down and cried .
va	O	They still said nothing ; the kindling was sparking and crackling and as flames started to lick around the logs , they sat staring into it .
va	O	She looked deep into my eyes .
va	O	At first I thought it was the sound of a man out of breath , but then I realized exactly what it was .
va	I	He stood just inside my bedroom and the smile he wore made me feel if as I 'd spotted a rainbow .
va	I	You 're the one who got dragged because in of me and him !
va	O	It was amazing what better equipment and coaching did to improve his abilities .
va	O	When he released her hand she turned to look at her sister .
va	I	I didn 't want to spend lots of the money and figured it was best to find somewhere a inconspicuous little .
va	I	Sergeant Wilkins 't wasn buying it .
va	O	But sadness crept in too .
va	O	A moment later , she wished she could control her mind more effectively .
va	I	The lights sparkled in his overly still moist eyes .
va	I	A tray lined with a cloth white rested on a low table in front of the sofa .
va	O	It wasn 't something enough people did , living in the moment .
va	O	Especially when I realized that she wasn 't even there .
va	I	He kissed 'd the top of her head .
va	O	He 'd stood there staring at that cushion , the picture of disbelief .
va	O	He shudders , breath rushing in noisy gusts .
va	O	I tried to recall what had been in the cellar before I 'd turned off the lamp and hidden it away and remembered seeing some barrels .
va	O	Even I could acknowledge my punishment could be far worse .
va	O	Not because of anything either of us was doing .
va	O	The man screamed and fell to the ground .
va	O	Rock followed Michael into the kitchen .
va	O	Outside the walls , the large robots had finished planting the rods into the ground .
va	O	With her wrist broken and her whole body aching .
va	I	She her scratched nails into the granite rock and filed her nails down .
va	O	Joshua , when he came around the corner , looked pale and was rubbing his temples , his head down .
va	O	We went about our day normally .
va	O	I asked , curling up next to him .
va	I	A frown flitted across Gregori 's face and was gone , a huge show of emotion him for .
va	I	Ohhhhh , had I to be 32 back then .
va	I	And Seth knew was it mainly his own fault .
va	I	After they shared a thought , Echo turned to the concerned of faces the people surrounding her .
va	O	His gaze was steady .
va	O	I stepped outside and left him standing before the doorway .
va	I	Emma prompted when he didn answer 't right away .
va	I	Don 't groan , 't don groan , I tell myself .
va	O	It 's not them .
va	O	It was brilliant news , Topsy and I had been trying to work out how to get the Hunter out .
va	O	I glance back at the vacant street behind me and then force myself to think .
va	O	She stood and pressed a swift kiss to his lips .
va	O	His hand lifted and she tensed , expecting him to hit her .
va	O	Somebody had to go .
va	O	I 'm literally swimming in the ocean .
va	I	Mr. Noland was waddling about , busily setting the looted pistols and clothes the on deck .
va	O	As I began to get back into busy mode , I caught a glimpse of Trenton leading the girl outside by the hand .
va	O	That 's how true love should be .
va	O	It was a tourist favorite so they waited forty minutes for their table , but they passed the time easily with conversation .
va	O	She was just not on his line of comedy , one of these days he was going to say something that he would regret later .
va	I	He 'd reached across the table , past remains the of her uneaten meal , and taken hold of her hand .
va	I	Worried about Candice , about Doc and Nina , all of whom had lost an old friend and made new a enemy today .
va	O	His mouth found her temple , drifted , feather light , from the side of her cheek to the corner of her mouth .
va	O	Although unreal to Kelly , it added to her belief that someone was , in fact , slowly stalking and tracking her route home each night .
va	I	As Tessa has said , it 's important for the Smitten Kittens to all be on board with SOS to our ensure top-secret status .
va	I	A blush reached 's Liz face before leaving the room .
va	O	I was wrong before .
va	O	What if we flew over the mountains , in a straight line ?
va	O	Or do I not want to know ?
va	O	I have no idea why I 'm here .
va	I	Andy wanted those to go with them on first the trip .
va	I	Some remote part of Nick brain 's acknowledged that yet again reality differed from the human perception of it .
va	O	Who you talking about ?
va	O	But she was burning out .
va	O	I looked up into the icy eyes which spoke deep into my heart .
va	I	Aunt Agatha 's father had been a captain sea who plied the Orient .
va	O	He saw Sgt. Dreher floating down the companionway and waved him over as he activated the headset .
va	I	She glanced out of the doorway , as if watching for something , then it closed behind her .
va	I	Sometimes your rebellious ways tedious grow .
va	I	She let lead him her out into the living room .
va	I	He held up it to the lantern , where they both saw that the scuffed brown leather had soaked up splattered blood like a sponge .
va	I	I shout over the noise of crowd the as I get to my feet .
va	O	I wish it wouldn 't .
va	O	Shane sighed , following just a step behind me .
va	O	Canola was hunched over her harp in a corner , her back moving sorrowfully as she plucked at her magical harp .
va	O	Simon looked dreamy too .
va	I	Her seemed voice to come from everywhere .
va	O	Chapter Twenty-One Everything moved slowly .
va	I	I reached out to grab the top rail and my brushed hand against an electric wire .
va	I	I 've mistakes made .
va	I	Ray as advised he dismounted .
va	I	I want you to go through the applications have that come in over the week and weed through them .
va	O	He says it 'll help them keep in mind the ' oppressive nature of the streets . '
va	I	Asked first the one .
va	O	Instead , they poisoned her naivete and took pleasure in her suffering .
va	O	His inner code of honor was what kept him from harming people with his power .
va	O	He took her hand and started a little at the feel of her icy fingers .
va	O	I felt like someone had kicked my legs out from under me .
va	I	His arms move , snaking my around waist and he brings me closer to him .
va	O	The angel 's arms flashed out , and all air escaped Hank in a rush .
va	I	She stood frowning at him , as watching he added more salt , and wishing he would take the words back .
va	O	Abilene made her way into the conversation .
va	O	My brother , the baseball nut , had a New York Yankees decal on his back window .
va	I	Buzz ' drive the split bunkers perfectly and rolled almost to the 100-yard marker .
va	O	But if I 'm honest , I will admit that I enjoy being crushed up against him .
va	I	She obviously had some issues it when came to her attractiveness and he 'd work on that as well , he decided as his eyes slipped closed .
va	O	She loved shopping on the Internet .
va	I	Mary Jane was tying up boat the .
va	I	And then he held his arms out at his sides and fell backward off cliff the .
va	O	I guess you can 't just mix everyone up and assume they 'll make the choice you want them to .
va	O	* * * It was late , and the Loop was relatively quiet .
va	O	We are not innocent anymore and never will be .
va	I	Josephine forced herself to her leave room and start a pot of coffee .
va	I	Aidan and laughed got the drink .
va	I	Jackson didn 't move , his face still in buried the crook of my neck .
va	I	Both the humans trembled - Merlin because he did not know was what coming , Ransom because he knew .
va	O	He didn 't like the scowl she suddenly had but she no longer looked panicked either .
va	O	This was the landscape of Tiffany Aching 's mind .
va	I	She had refused therapy , was adamant that she was fine , then dropped of out college , and left the country .
va	O	The phone went ignored for the next few minutes until the phone lay silent in its cradle .
va	O	' So she never told you ? '
va	O	she whispered as she watched closely as he walked over to her mailbox , removed an envelope from his pocket and placing it into her mailbox .
va	O	Amanda looked like she 'd been dipped in dye .
va	I	Keira hauled was back .
va	I	I can 't imagine if I tried pull to this off with Mel .
va	I	The tissues are again escaping .
va	O	Are you under this rock ?
va	I	Dave up looked from the camera .
va	I	Startled , she turned to find that Zach 's arms completely encircled hers as they lay side by on side the couch .
va	O	I 've been really trying to get hold of what happened before that though , and what I think I remember is chasing someone .
va	I	I could deal that with .
va	I	Jacob assented and stepped to closer her .
va	O	Edward glanced over -- absolute terror had replaced the sneer on his face .
va	I	I could the feel heat rising again .
va	O	You can talk from there .
va	I	Although doubt I if physics could even answer your questions .
va	O	Eric was shivering now , his skin cold .
va	I	My dad pulled the couch out and there was a fried hamster , sitting next the to cord .
va	O	We are going to make Molotov cocktails and throw them at some of the houses .
va	O	She listened for movement but didn 't hear anything .
va	I	The dark elf slightly smiled .
va	I	Her hands stilled on skin his and her body tensed the slightest bit , before he felt her take a breath and relax .
va	O	They reached the steps leading out just before the guards .
va	O	Chester came up to meet him .
va	O	She pulled out a chair , sat down and took out her crocheting .
va	O	That was the first indication , and in some ways the most ominous of all ; that was what had first frightened him .
va	O	It wasn 't the first time he 'd seen Maura 's blood , but it would certainly be the last .
va	I	She could swim but knew that even the best swimmers are often no match to the power of sea the .
va	O	Knowing further arguments wouldn 't get her anywhere , Kaitlyn rested her head on Zack 's shoulder .
va	I	' We may not shoot an old man so , at unawares and unchallenged , whatever fear or doubt on be us .
va	I	He quickly discovered that had he a strong inner drive to survive .
va	O	He scoffed at the thought as he took his iced coffee from the barista .
va	O	By that time , several people were already running up to the helicopter and Manuela fired warning shots to keep everyone away .
va	O	The tight clasp of her body welcomed him and was nearly the end of him .
va	O	I hear the warning note in Haymitch 's voice and know what 's coming .
va	O	Christmas passes like Thanksgiving , without a bang .
va	I	HE GOOD LOOKS IN WHITE .
va	O	As Helen opened her mouth to protest , Simon continued .
va	O	He is just a boy .
va	O	I smile with love .
va	I	It 's birthday her .
va	I	He digging kept it up and chewing on it , then putting it back in the ground .
va	I	Kaylee began to salivate , anger momentarily forgotten , with replaced rampant desire .
va	I	I 've never this done part before , but how difficult can it be ?
va	O	A fairly new concept for him .
va	I	He laughed , and the sweet of warmth his breath brushed over my lashes , flavouring my tongue a little with orange chocolate .
va	I	She took a deep needing breath ... Nicolas .
va	I	Josephine with said outrage .
va	O	Downstairs he found Mrs. Parker with the cook in the kitchen .
va	I	She to turned look at him finally .
va	O	Levi warned her , but she had not fully comprehended the danger they were in .
va	I	And everything after -- the cracking tree ?
va	O	I look down quickly only to see his tennis shoes stop directly in front of me .
va	I	Eugene , Oregon a was mid-sized university town at the head of the Willamette Valley .
va	O	Vic strode past to scoop up a puppy scampering close to the exit .
va	I	Five strides they and were there .
va	I	I 'd do anything in the world to keep Cammie and Travis safe , but will Donovan protect them .
va	O	With twins , this is not the case .
va	O	Her words were cruel , and her eyes looked mean .
va	I	It obvious 's he 's here on business .
va	O	She wanted to think a vampire was responsible .
va	I	The front room was bright unnaturally .
va	O	It 's so fake that I see my mom and dad exchange a frightened glance , and then I excuse myself to my room .
va	I	She pulled off sneakers her and hid them in a large plant pot near the entrance door .
va	O	Each room had a wash basin with fresh water and accompanying toilet articles .
va	I	-- as the bear was lying prostrate on her bed , miserable and wanting die to .
va	O	' Have you taken a wrong turn ?
va	I	She 't couldn see him yet , but she knew he was hunting her .
va	I	I could hear him chuckling away , even here from .
va	O	My mom and Officer Fox sat on a low wall around a palm tree in front of the school , illuminated by the parking lot floodlights .
va	O	I 'm relieved when Christophe 's deed is done and the victim 's soul is secure within the orb .
va	O	The question is so ridiculous , given the circumstances , I almost laugh .
va	O	She slapped the armrests of her chair for punctuation .
va	O	Yeah , somehow she knew she wasn 't brave enough for that .
va	I	Hiro cried a in strained voice .
va	I	It 's easy to forget sometimes that .
va	I	They were part of a convoy , three men among hundreds , tightening their on grip the city .
va	O	Even after everything that had happened that day , a bubble of happiness pushed through her .
va	I	The grin smug slipped away .
va	O	Just what the hell was going on ?
va	I	I said my in mind .
va	O	He didn 't want a mate .
va	I	The cartoon characters on bedspread the grinned at him .
va	O	Something happened to him .
va	O	He looked like he might cry .
va	I	Just one slip of the 's mother feet and the baby would have been crushed .
va	I	Everyone in village the was waiting .
va	O	He wasn 't Henry , but he knew exactly how to cheer me up and get me excited about our summer .
va	I	He says you got 've a great ass .
va	O	Fade set his hand on my shoulder .
va	I	May be , she should let him take her he where wishes to and then have a judgment later , whether she can trust him or not .
va	I	You find must Deb ! '
va	I	He bends and over farts loudly .
va	O	I hope it 's large enough for your winnings .
va	O	That didn 't sound too good .
va	O	Thayer shook his head .
va	O	The feasting mass shifted in their seats .
va	I	Looking closer , Nova could see masks the were carved with hollow eyes and mouths that drooped over a long red rope .
va	I	Tasha looked doubtfully at Jake before she took sniff a .
va	I	I looked Keith at .
va	I	Bill Door : said AND YOU ARE - ?
va	O	I will make sure that every person I speak with knows what to watch for .
va	O	The memorial was a beautiful tribute at the beach to my darling , smart , funny , caring son .
va	I	Lexi 's desire overtook entire her body .
va	I	' He says we that have to prove it 's not true .
va	I	The she sooner was out of his office , the better for him .
va	O	Rend 's body briefly blocked Marty from view as he squatted down until he was nearly the same level as Marty 's four-foot , one-inch frame .
va	I	I 'm it sure should be of interest to you .
va	I	The nearest paved road was miles away and the dirt which track connected it to her parking spot was barely navigable .
va	I	Chapter Five : Vinny Raja was killing time in his drab green motel room when he got the call that Vinny would soon down touch .
va	I	His hands were behind still his back but the plastic restraints had yielded quickly to the saw .
va	O	Above them , secured in the stone wall , was a large black and white photograph of Will , Jaime , and I from our wedding .
va	I	He 'd said he had a brother , that not he still did .
va	O	That was awful sweet of him .
va	O	God , I love you , Michelle .
va	I	This didn 't right feel .
va	I	Serge and Mariana polite make small talk , but neither Day nor I says another word .
va	O	He was leaning into her as she was leaning away .
va	O	What would she do without me ?
va	O	Among the wreck of pots and dishes is a cut-up apple , with a bit of crumbs from the counter stuck to one of the cut edges .
va	O	Out of my way before I call the morgue .
va	O	Lifting a glass from the nightstand , Beth pressed a straw to her lips , and responded .
va	O	Katherine looked at her with hurt in her eyes .
va	O	She wasn 't crying out for the other guy ?
va	I	The old women asked curiously , trying catch to her breath like the others .
va	I	Molten metal sprayed out as the back of his blew head off .
va	I	Destiny was injured seriously , ill and fighting the poison in her body .
va	O	I wiggled my fingers again .
va	O	She deserved to always feel safe .
va	I	He up sat straighter .
va	I	She stopped when she heard a familiar behind voice her .
va	O	The dead still lived , wandering the plains , but in manageable numbers .
va	O	I couldn 't even process it .
va	O	Everything was for you .
va	O	But she wasn 't so sure about that .
va	I	Just in case a disease created behavior unexpected .
va	I	It lit up face his , changed it .
va	I	Let move 's ! '
va	O	The two black dots on either side of her nose looked more like high gloss marbles than human eyes .
va	I	He got up , but went down one on knee by the head of the couch to tell me goodbye .
va	I	Chapter 12 A Leap at Midnight Elizabeth Zoey ... hadn 't slept a wink -- the name haunted her .
va	I	I 't can think right now .
va	I	He wasn 't scared , he told himself , but there was eerie something about these woods .
va	O	They were delivered back to the vestibule where the chrome plated receptionist was still pruning her talons .
va	I	I 't haven entirely decided yet , Lord Brand .
va	O	I hoped it was bad .
va	O	Soon , money didn 't even seem to matter to him .
va	I	But with the dizziness and the headache , simply I couldn 't stand him popping my knuckles .
va	O	A tall boy bumped into him from behind and Nolan stumbled .
va	O	The soothing effect of his voice helped ease me back into reality as the fuzziness left my head .
va	O	We slowly made our way back to the waiting room , where I found Mandy and Ethan chatting up a storm like they were best buds .
va	O	He had experienced firsthand the dismissal of his life 's work , the calculated indifference to the sacrifices he and others of his generation had made .
va	I	I screamed , but was it too late .
va	O	Madison began to wonder if he had changed his mind .
va	I	She reaches back and pulls out a crimson velvet wrap that to drips the floor like the blood of my enemies .
va	I	Her compulsion to the follow moonlit path grew .
va	O	It was raining now , a grey , sooty drizzle that was little more than fog with a slight weight problem .
va	O	He would make sure he had a word with the maid , just to ascertain she had not been put beneath Tristan 's power .
va	I	He Black 's Cross .
va	O	Shane finally loosened up on his glares and brought up some embarrassing stories from Michael 's and Eve 's pasts .
va	O	A muscle ticked in his jaw , visible even in the poor lighting .
va	I	The floral designs on the outside looked as if they taken 'd weeks to craft by someone who obviously cared a great deal about his work .
va	I	She moved with him a few steps , deliberately touching his mind she as did so .
va	O	We were having drinks one night after a jury trial and Judge Cook walked into the bar .
va	O	A master 's in Applied Econ from Cornell and a Ph.D. in economics from the University of Chicago attested to that .
va	I	Luke didn 't look from away Rena .
va	O	I used to throw up three or four times before I went on every night .
va	I	Sat on the couch and finished bottle the .
va	I	What if died Tiffany and it was her fault ?
va	O	I put a hand on my sword , but it was Lacey who got out of the car .
va	I	She leaned toward him he ; shivered .
va	I	Both of them have but nothing good things to say about him .
va	O	But that night , the booze felt great , as the warmth of the wine in my stomach spread through my body .
va	I	He yells and his fires gun at Rick .
va	O	Susannah shook her head .
va	I	Before this , worst the thing Danika had ever dealt with was the death of her grandpa two months ago .
va	I	I stared the at building .
va	I	My fingers shook as they held knife the , but the furious angel of revenge inside me wouldn 't let me lower them .
va	O	The heat rushed all through me , my body throbbing as Jack worked himself into a frenzy .
va	I	I go to the and thermostat increase the heat in the hopes it will change this place .
va	I	She could even feel his pleasure as he released into her , which brought her crying out as once more she reached pinnacle the .
va	I	We can 't lead a dozen spears the up Mountain .
va	I	And isn 't what that she 'd wanted , forever ?
va	O	As Gary hands over his lunch money , he tells Anita and Harold what people really think of them .
va	O	Her gaze narrowed ever so slightly at me before focusing softly on Dr. Fogel .
va	I	Nerdy , meek , but a good still guy .
va	I	She to turned give him a chiding stare .
va	I	He provided me with more blood than single a vampire could consume .
va	I	In more ways one than .
va	O	He let the silence ride out between them , knowing she 'd only answer if she felt comfortable enough with him to do so .
va	O	Brin showed her a pair of iron weights at the edge of the pool with loops of rope attached to them .
va	O	Though he was suspicious of the FBI , he welcomed them into his domain .
va	O	Half of the kids are in their third period classes , and the other half are lining up in the cafeteria .
va	O	He nodded but before he could reply , Digger began sniffing at Ty 's feet and nudged his leg with her nose , begging for attention .
va	O	Battle was necessary , but cleaning it up was just as crucial .
va	O	Might not have even been wolves in those woods but I sang anyway to keep myself together .
va	I	She noticed the broken off tip of an arrow sticking out his of upper arm .
va	I	' Shhh , that 't wouldn teach you much Ri § ine !
va	O	before charging at the bubble himself , apparently intent on engaging the seated elf in hand to hand combat .
va	O	What is wrong with me ?
va	I	Violet turned away from approaching the group .
va	I	I 'll leave here now right , if that is what it takes to get you to stop this nonsense .
va	O	Debbie threw her arms around me before leaving .
va	O	The sirens were heading east , and he was heading west .
va	I	Dylan growled a little , then he around looked Deni to Jace , his blue eyes going Shifter white .
va	O	She 'd definitely surprised him with that one .
va	I	Lightly he tasted of her sweetness before reluctantly pulling back to toy absently with a dark curl that lay against her cheek .
va	O	The noise abated , and all the world fell into silence as suddenly as it began .
va	I	What the if meaning was in the numbers ?
va	O	I say his name in my head and each time my stomach flutters .
va	I	He to began whip ingredients together in a small mixing bowl , his movements sure and practiced .
va	I	Nate gave a rundown of how 'd we spent the weekend , otherwise known as the worst days of my life .
va	I	Like thunder , John scaled stairs the .
va	I	He grabbed a small tube while still drifting , then pushed off of another wall and back the to Viceroy .
va	O	We reappeared a moment later in a city .
va	O	' Dave 's privy to insider knowledge from another friend who works for Gallup .
va	O	He and his men had purged the city from a severe infestation of vampires and now five years later they were faced with a brand new threat .
va	O	She was fidgeting now .
va	O	It looked like a shotgun , but the barrel was wider .
va	I	He reached door a , unlocked it and brought me inside of what looked to be an office .
va	I	But all of that just didn 't seem important so anymore .
va	O	He looked at his watch .
va	I	I 'm not by disgusted him at all .
va	I	I 't didn ask for you to sacrifice yourself for me .
va	O	Tuck knew better than to smile .
va	O	He needed that much as the minimum guarantee of his own safety .
va	I	The stubbornness that Josue reminded me of runs through veins my like a fire and I set my jaw and square my shoulders .
va	I	For a long moment she stared at it , that deciding the sharply slanted handwriting was more likely a man 's than a woman 's .
va	O	It 's a young crowd at the bar , lots of pretty girls with tanned legs , and I can 't help but stare .
va	I	Chewing on my nail pinkie , I shrugged .
va	I	It 's important for me to put the past in past the .
va	I	Over the next few my days parents mingle each day and although my mom is happy , I can see her getting weaker .
va	O	He shrugged , still smiling .
va	I	All your possessions they drag will off when the man get angry !
va	I	So now we have take to her home .
va	I	All of combined this to scare Thomas nearly out of his wits .
va	O	Because of my loss of energy , one managed to knife a wound from my sternum to my navel .
va	O	Because this is where you feel like you belong .
va	O	This envelope has no stamp .
va	O	At the next intersection Amin took a quick left .
va	I	Mrs. Gladwin wiped her eyes with the tail end of her shirt before searching out the very things they 'd come here preserve to .
va	I	They 't weren identical , but they were very close .
va	O	Her heart wrenched at the thought .
va	I	Ez , with me still hovering above the ground , walked me away the from predatory pair .
va	I	He 'd be long gone before I woke ; up out hunting demons .
va	O	Stopping at the entrance , Eva puts her coat on .
va	I	Evie could have screamed when there was a knock on door the and Sims entered .
va	I	Right then he like felt a ticking time bomb of emotion ready to explode .
va	O	And when I went to Salzburg last year to keep Simon company on Christmas , I didn 't feel selfish or strange .
va	I	She barely could draw in enough air as he tugged her panties down her legs .
va	O	Instead of answering , Kit tugged playfully on his arm , pulling him forward until his body brushed up and down hers .
va	O	Chase lifted his glass .
va	O	Icy air seeped in through the crack in the door .
va	O	But she regretted it now , regretted it with a ferocity that was nearly desperation .
va	O	His face was red and his fists were clutched at his sides .
va	I	Moving fast , Sam stepped closer and scooped one arm around my waist and pulled me against his body as if to me kiss .
va	I	Zed said over radio the .
va	O	Jessica had left the deck so abruptly the afternoon before ... surely he 'd had some part in that distress ?
va	O	The more I think about it , the more anxious I get , which isn 't what I need at the moment .
va	O	Her blood is Maggie 's blood , and she belongs to me .
va	I	I him let go .
va	I	Mark stood there for a second and let a slight moan escape his mouth before he started again walking .
va	I	I think your playing is magnificent , and I can see soul the inside just trying to poke its way out .
va	I	The night 's chill penetrated right into Ion 's skin as he on strolled .
va	O	It made me smile .
va	I	I said ; to glad see another familiar face .
va	O	Christmas was a few days past , and Jamie had spent it with Chase .
va	O	Number 27 didn 't divulge that little part .
va	I	We a spent couple of hours talking about old times , and finally I told her I had to go .
va	I	Which probably wasn very 't well .
va	O	And Kat 's father just kept smiling , clipboard in hand .
va	I	They discussed for business several minutes , Edna updating him on several issues and then Alec giving her further instructions .
va	I	' I 'm fine , fine just .
va	O	The line went so quiet that Mina thought she lost the call .
va	O	Damn Richard for being away , he thought ; perhaps he ought to send a man to the farm to fetch him back .
va	I	Ryan was trying to help but didn really 't know what to say or do .
va	I	It almost like looks he 's having some kind of debate with himself .
va	O	Pete didn 't know , but price hikes began accelerating .
va	I	You would have to both strike blows and them endure until you are unafraid of either .
va	I	Soon they were something building with Legos together and I was able to break free to find out what was going on in the other room .
va	I	Had she noticed him off chugging the ramp behind her ?
va	I	It is my duty to ensure you die you before ever fulfil your fate . '
va	I	He supports our efforts to find his killer and has not hanged anyone for it yet , he though thought about it .
va	O	He stacked another book on the pile .
va	O	I frowned , my muscles almost snapping as I tried to stop them from moving .
va	O	The three of them talked about weddings and families and the future , but Carmine didn 't say much .
va	O	I am assured that tomorrow he will be well .
va	I	There a was knock on the door .
va	I	She spooned what was there into a bowl and in ate silence .
va	O	Sean takes my ankle and pulls my foot to his lap .
va	O	You can change your fancy gown four times a day , practice all the rituals , study the philosophy and the laws .
va	I	It buzzing 's , begging to be touched .
va	I	For a moment there , he 'd lost himself ; now he was climbing to ground safer .
va	O	My eyes slowly adjust to the bright light of the noonday sun as I begin to drive once more .
va	O	She pulled her sweater down neatly and cleared her throat .
va	I	Cupping her nape , kissed Alistair her hard and quick .
va	O	I didn 't know what to do .
va	O	He tasted blood in his mouth , where a throb of pain beat in time with his frantic heartbeat .
va	I	Could you awhile stay longer and greet our guests at the door ?
va	O	We got to get to Wilkes-Barre , Honey .
va	O	For the followers of Christ , Jesus is this idea substantiated in the flesh .
va	I	Warner pulls a square piece of mesh out of his pocket and presses it his to lips , just once , before holding it in his fist .
va	O	The day was beautiful but Franz did not notice it as his employer drove them to work .
va	I	For the time first in his existence , Ash actually entertained the thought of thanking Nicolae .
va	O	Janie 's hoodie rode up over her head .
va	I	I fought urge the to smack myself in the head .
va	O	' I 've heard lots about you . '
va	I	After the few days warm of food in the mountain village the cold veggies seemed even worse .
va	O	A voice from my childhood .
va	O	The cold continued to seep further into Paul 's skin from his drenched clothing and he knew it was time he formulated some kind of a plan .
va	O	He pulls a sheet of paper from the envelope .
va	O	Jewels adorned almost every free spot : fingers , wrists , neck , ears , and hair .
va	O	The door opened slightly , and Jimmy pulled it open the rest of the way .
va	O	As a defender of your people , you know it happens .
va	O	There were , they just weren 't on an isolated Caribbean island alone with her .
va	I	She had no response to that but hadn I 't expected one .
va	I	It had been centuries , and he couldn 't to seem let go .
va	I	I knew this would be problematic as it had grown increasingly consuming time to dress her -- since recently she 'd gained so much weight .
va	I	I really needed buy to a bra .
va	O	Then the man moved out of sight .
va	O	Aly had taken him into her room to talk .
va	O	After that , events had to develop fast .
va	O	I perused her form as I towel dried my hair .
va	I	Oh , can I 't ?
va	O	She couldn 't help herself .
va	I	Each of his arms was around wrapped a different girl .
va	I	I snapped attention my to the program .
va	O	In his moment of doubt , two-thirds of him had wanted to live , and one-third to die .
va	O	He could meet with them there .
va	I	Each day , I think she trust 'll me enough to tell me what William did to her .
va	O	Later that night , Chief Caddo breathed his last .
va	O	Ana gave Mina the slightest shove off the front edge , and then jumped off next to her and ran over to hug Maria .
va	O	We 're nearly to the private docking bay .
va	O	He hoped Damon would take care of Elena .
va	I	Oliver put the console aside got and to his feet .
va	I	Claire had decided a of couple hair grips would have to do .
va	I	I turned in time to see Sam lift Esme into the ambulance , then bend forward to a plant kiss on each of her scraped knees .
va	I	To deprive a man of his identity , his - soul and against his will !
va	I	Jackson frowned and shook his at head a waiter that was passing by with a tray full of drinks .
va	I	I turned scan to my surroundings .
va	I	He broke my and heart left .
va	O	Some elements can be together in this point in time , but then they can separate in the future and meet with other elements .
va	I	Max didn 't even have see to him to know what was on his mind .
va	O	Finally , I came to the most dangerous part of my journey - a bush that was right by one of the Ice bars .
va	O	I still had no idea how she 'd ended up mutated , or why .
va	I	She was in their house , and couldn Darcy 't believe his eyes .
va	O	Neither of us had anyone .
va	O	That car is terrible ; it 's probably broken down again .
va	I	She gets by on her and looks no talent .
va	O	He stopped in front of a large , white house that looked like it was set up as a multi-family home .
va	I	Pete pulls hand his back and reaches for mine .
va	I	The was crowd no thinner , though it was certainly louder and dirtier than before , but Cade felt like every eye was on him .
va	I	An unsophisticated savage , a man who equated drawing weapon a with drawing a conclusion .
va	O	The same night he lost Robb to the war .
va	I	She stares at me for a moment , grayish her eyes pensive .
va	O	Without bothering to turn off anything , Lauren grabbed her car keys .
va	I	He felt oddly vulnerable without his mech wolf escort , but submerged his unease a under jovial demeanor .
va	I	They did , leveling their guns the at approaching enemy , who was now in firing range .
va	I	And at this point , she was too exhausted to to try figure anything out .
va	O	She might hold a grudge against me for the rest of her life .
va	O	Leah began to cry and put her arms around me and I knew I had been stupid .
va	O	His smile widened playfully .
va	I	Sebastian planted a beside hand her head .
va	O	Our baby , the miscarriage , I just couldn 't handle it Colt .
va	I	If I just can work out who I am and why I 'm here , maybe I can get out of here .
va	I	She was working part-time seemed and in no particular hurry to finish her education .
va	O	We fell in love at first sight and within a week decided to get married .
va	I	This floor whole looked boring .
va	O	That sort of look on a woman means trouble for any man .
va	I	I turned the wheel the to right .
va	I	What got I ta do is put you to sleep again , so as you don 't see where you are .
va	O	But they had this large toothy lower jaw .
va	O	Hands on the door of the nearest van , tugging in frustration .
va	O	With power and transport protected , work began on keeping the food production functional .
va	I	Dolores and smiled nodded .
va	I	I 'm grateful every day for big the family I 've been granted .
va	I	My mother passed both them over .
va	O	Alice was waiting for an answer to her question about why I was being so nice .
va	O	Matthew turned and found himself looking up at a colossal grey face broader than his whole body .
va	I	Our conditions must been have pretty obvious , because there weren 't any questions asked .
va	I	Perhaps it was some assassin thief or skilled in the ways of stealth .
va	O	As a group , they fled after her .
va	I	How it wouldn 't hurt him none just to help poor , old George of out a tight spot .
va	I	CHAPTER FOUR COURT HAD BEEN a breeze thanks to green a public defender straight out of law school .
va	O	He had forgotten Budda 's name because he hadn 't heard it since they were introduced at Ellie 's place .
va	O	Reaching out , he pulled off her wig .
va	O	The next day we were all leaving and he came to my room to say goodbye .
va	O	She was silent again for a long moment .
va	O	Okay , maybe that was overdoing it a little , but I think a woman deserves some bed rest after she 's been stabbed .
va	I	It seemed as if it was only by sheer force of will that held she the tears back .
va	O	He 'd done it for reasons different from Tynan 's , but the result was the same .
va	I	It was always under there his polished and glossy veneer .
va	O	Since that first night together in his house , since he 'd somehow shaken her loose from the life she 'd thought she knew so well .
va	I	He over rolled just in time to see a hand removing itself from the room .
va	O	Alex turned to peer at him wide-eyed .
va	O	He doesn 't even send me birthday cards or anything at Christmas .
va	O	Shortly after beginning her new job as official court reporter , the nightmares started .
va	I	That was weird notably and yet not surprising .
va	O	It had to be nonsense .
va	I	She closed her eyes , in awash feeling and emotion .
va	O	Kneeling slightly she picked up her cases and her scanner .
va	O	They smiled at us as we passed .
va	O	He walked through the door the Chief held open for him .
va	I	Smith fell to his haunches beside the downed agent and hot found blood on the back of his head .
va	I	I my keep head hung low down so Luna can 't see the satisfaction on my face .
va	I	Her tears turned into hysterical sobs , and she down went on her side , her head dropping into his lap .
va	O	Sitting still was not his strongest forte .
va	I	It the appeared man might have been a boyfriend who got in the way .
va	I	Bert had that spoken .
va	I	There was more no air .
va	I	We for fight what we believe in .
va	O	Abbey put her keys and junk mail on the counter and opened the envelope that had been stabbed to her door .
va	I	When Jim pulled her fingers lose from the bed cloth and wrapped them around his hand , she felt the of release the tension almost immediately .
va	I	Cindy smiled while against leaning the wall .
va	I	He had a long fight of ahead him .
va	I	An enormous swath of rippling steel interposed itself between the Prince and ax the .
va	I	The trees don 't so grow thickly together here .
va	O	I was just jumping fences .
va	O	He wanted me to come too but I was looking forward to those two weeks alone with Marcus .
va	O	Charlie just beat me to it .
va	O	He glanced briefly at Fintan before continuing , while Father beamed with pride .
va	I	Spraying glass , heat the and sound of crunching surrounded me .
va	I	He was ashamed by how badly her words cut him when it was his own ill that humor had goaded her into saying them .
va	O	I wasn 't even sure what that meant , but it sounded good .
va	I	Not even her language , though she understood 'd every word .
va	I	The defender fell it for and stayed with Jimmy .
va	O	Weil giggle about our strange taste in boys .
va	I	Jaxon wished she wasn 't weak so .
va	O	The only safe place for wolves right now is within the city .
va	O	She 's hoping to become a model . '
va	O	I 'm afraid this cannot wait until Monday .
va	I	I pushed just away the last real friend I had left .
va	I	She didn deserve 't it - she 'd been good .
va	O	I thought about picking my head up to reply , but I was just too comfortable .
va	I	Hassler back stepped from the ledge , eased down onto the rock .
va	O	By the time ' Three Steps to Heaven ' came on , Theo knew that trying to sleep was pointless .
va	I	If he didn 't though , he might never the get answers he desperately sought .
va	O	Jamey picked my hand up and kissed it .
va	O	Logan took a step toward her , but Portia 's voice , sharp as a wasp sting , stopped him .
va	I	I knew something was wrong , that your wasn life 't what I 'd first assumed , but I never thought he was abusing you .
va	I	He could anywhere go .
va	I	Roger , worried for Robert , appeared behind from John West .
va	O	I realized that I didn 't know until now whether he was right or left-handed .
va	O	she asked , backing away from the door to let us in .
va	O	Finally , he was completely naked .
va	I	Marcela on turned her heel to leave and looked back at me over her shoulder .
va	I	He wordlessly handed the her glass .
va	I	For being a house that three guys occupied , it was clean pretty .
va	I	She toward turned him .
va	O	This was a drunkenness he could surely live with and knew well from past experience that it was always just a prayer away .
va	I	He struggled to find a palatable way phrasing of it .
va	O	We talked a lot , until we had a fight about the cure .
va	O	How many times had he craved an actual beating or a punishment from his father instead of neglect ?
va	O	I 'm a pastor 's wife , First Lady of our church .
va	I	he asks as we cross the wet grass and duck beneath the trees , where rain down showers on us .
va	O	Mei looked slightly confused . '
va	O	Cruz and I just took a day off from working and decided to have some fun while we were in the big city .
va	O	I felt embarrassed that he was going to be putting his face there , in my private spot .
va	O	It fell into the street , rolled halfway to the gutter , then froze solid again .
va	O	His mouth curves into a slow , sexy smile , and I am absolutely certain in that moment that I am going to melt .
va	I	It to hurt think .
va	O	Primary Reyes curled his hips , pumping between her legs in quick thrusts , shouting as he came .
va	O	He 'd bit me pretty hard .
va	I	Lilla screamed and jolted to stomach her .
va	I	The harder I tried , the difficult more it proved to be .
va	O	His grip tightened and he lowered his face until they were eye to eye and his gaze burned over her skin .
va	O	And you know what ?
va	I	She 't hadn even scented him .
va	I	He reached into water the with one hand .
va	O	It wasn 't an answer .
va	O	Music flowing over the entertainment system was relaxing , unobtrusive .
va	I	There is great pressure me on from the signatories to forcibly take the ring from you .
va	I	CHAPTER 49 I nervous 'm .
va	I	My body is the thing only you could possibly be interested in , I presume ?
va	I	The of circle tents around me fade away as if they were never even there in the first place .
va	I	But he gone was and all that remained was me and Maddie ... and an unopened letter .
va	O	The brawny young Knight saluted and hurried away .
va	O	Tyrone looked at Seth and saw a man roiling like a kettle over raked coals .
va	I	Could ever it get abate ?
va	I	I have the ball for safekeeping and BD was in of front me .
va	I	Aidan at asked one point .
va	O	Edwin concentrated on his target .
va	I	As First Escort , consider him your personal and guard your companion at official functions .
va	O	One thing about a good rainfall , you don 't have to go far from the tent to relieve yourself .
va	O	Wooden this time , not metal .
va	I	Her hands spread were out on the desk top , her face pleading as she looked intently at him .
va	O	This meant a severe loss of temper was imminent .
va	I	you been 've working on .
va	I	That 's a not crime is it ?
va	I	How long did it take to build trap a that would hold a Titan ?
va	O	Something didn 't feel right to her .
va	I	To say 'm I so damn sorry .
va	O	It was too late .
va	O	The younger sister looked about to faint with fright , staring at him as though he was the devil himself , complete with horns and pitchfork .
va	O	she asked , still not meeting his gaze , this time because she was mortified at her typically female behavior .
va	O	We would not recover .
va	O	After a couple of seconds had passed , he winced and clutched his wounded hand again .
va	O	Now we just wait for instructions .
va	O	As the sun began to set , the ambient lighting from people 's light up necklaces and bracelets illuminated the walkways .
va	I	Her silver lovely eyes lingered on the blade .
va	O	She had the satisfaction of seeing him look taken aback for an instant .
va	O	Saul says as he leaves my bedroom .
va	O	Hell , he 'd never been so ... rattled by a woman .
va	I	He hadn and 't wouldn 't change .
va	O	Nobody told him sobriety would get harder as the years passed .
va	O	And neither had my mother .
va	I	I gripped steering the wheel more tightly .
va	I	Flashes of bright red and yellow bursting out above what indeed was the city of Washington .
va	O	Jon had no interest in dragging his friend out of a confrontation tonight -- not when his time to spend with Nicole was already so cruelly short .
va	I	The had shouting drawn the attention of the surrounding camps and as they all knew , the surrounding soldiers and militia would soon be along to investigate .
va	I	I it saw all .
va	O	There was unease that Frank had not been in audio contact as regularly as anticipated .
va	I	Gemma 's number was speed on dial , so I just pressed 2 and hoped the call went through .
va	I	The buzz of hunger wriggling under my skin forces me to take another back step despite my weariness .
va	I	Her were eyes shut .
va	O	Never cared so much for someone to the point of trusting them so fully .
va	I	But neither of those would be the he answer was looking for .
va	O	I don 't believe in hope .
va	O	The plane was packed with men like me .
va	I	I squeezed into of one the small chambers , finding myself in a room no larger than a small kitchen .
va	I	This was their of way ' motivating ' her to finish .
va	O	Mom 's eyes flit between me and Dad .
va	O	I wrenched open the red velvet drapes and dazzling sunshine flooded my room .
va	I	I the delivered salads and took the drink order of new guests .
va	O	Rema 's aunt and uncle insisted she know proper etiquette .
va	I	He tells me I look pretty , that he my likes laugh .
va	O	We would have been if he hadn 't wandered out and interrupted us .
va	O	Gracie would have to go through all of this stuff , too .
va	I	My eyes roamed over whole a bookcase full of mystery novels .
va	I	When I approached the enemy mass between me and my goal , I felt energy into flow me and my legs bunched .
va	O	You saw how he was when we rode to the abbey -- his old self .
va	O	I loved that swing .
va	I	No one spoke to her , not even when she a offered tentative hello .
va	O	No , that 's all right .
va	I	Satisfied , Lucian continued listen to .
va	I	This time , however , Charlotte Brooks was with her , dressed a for garden party .
va	I	But he 'd been so furious learn to that she was still resisting making their relationship permanent .
va	I	' And it 's so sad that Jack ill was . '
va	O	You touched him , did you not ? '
va	I	She helped him with the that cufflinks his fingers always stumbled over .
va	O	A tiny curl of smoke filtered away from his nostrils .
va	I	And it also seemed wasn she 't going to reveal any more secrets about her powers , putting me at a slight disadvantage .
va	O	I couldn 't wait to get back home , which surprised me .
va	O	By the way , how 's that hottie you were dating the last time I was up in Washington ?
va	I	Jerking his hands from her face , Connor shot the off couch .
va	O	She supposed his tone should have alarmed her , but she felt drugged .
va	I	I worried was and slightly angry at her words .
va	O	Enter the house of mourning , my friend , but with kindness and affection for those who love you , and not with hatred for your enemies .
va	I	I pick the basket up and hand it over Onyx to .
va	I	Mr. Has Answer An For Everything !
va	O	She was ignoring Colton 's disheveled condition with a deliberate air .
va	I	It was simply a sturdy white box , long , rectangular , and about inches nine wide .
va	I	She him trusts so much and everyone else so little .
va	O	Josephine put his arm over her shoulder and lifted him .
va	I	The phone rang , and for the third time that day , James hid behind the couch as his mother out called for him .
va	I	He let his sink words in for a moment before continuing .
va	O	Why should it end like this ?
va	O	Here 's what I need you to do now .
va	O	They 'd planned to go for coffee after class .
va	I	I sweetly said , while wondering how in the hell we were going to extricate ourselves from this fake engagement in one week .
va	O	I was used to people just going along with whatever I said .
va	I	' February , ' chimed his mechanically friend .
va	O	A third of the building disappeared into the cloud cover that often hung lower than the skyscrapers themselves .
va	I	Now , I 've shared a lot of our operation with you this evening , but I fear I have also to share a few home truths .
va	I	Heart pounding , all I could think about was vial the in my hand .
va	O	That pained look was back in his eyes .
va	I	The family exchanged of looks amusement .
va	I	Much better than I did when I got first here .
va	I	She out headed into the waves , her brother in tow .
va	O	In response the crowd booed .
va	I	' You 'd not better , ' she replied .
va	I	They 'd danced a few close dances , and he liked the of feel her in his arms .
va	I	There was reason no why the place would suddenly smell like kerosene .
va	O	He kept his eyes on the other guy just past them .
va	I	The dog seemed sense to where they were going , darting ahead and running toward the large metal box .
va	O	Aiming it at the keyhole was a different matter .
va	I	That 's what I remembered ; his smile that didn 't look like fit it there on his face with his broken nose .
va	O	She asks , her compassion shining through her words .
va	O	Which was all for the best , he supposed .
va	I	So , would you do it , then , if you could everyone save ?
va	O	You name the time and the place and I 'll be there .
va	O	Yet so many yards away , I winced and jarred against my bonds at the impact of the carnage .
va	O	My visit is a surprise .
va	I	She closed the door and hoped that a in week she 'd forget all that stuff was in there .
va	I	She grabbed hand my , and hunched down ready to sprint .
va	O	When they arrived , she unlocked the door and Ken and Cassandra started helping her with the bags .
va	O	she asked , the outrage seeping into her voice .
va	O	Linda had assured him that Connie was also a fabulous baker .
va	I	She her licked lips .
va	I	He keeps walking , wanting not to linger in front of her house .
va	O	He began to doubt that she had seen anything there at all .
va	O	The heads of each cell have an immense amount of power .
va	O	She had no choice .
va	I	The wind whispered the through trees .
va	O	Rudy scratched his chin not knowing where Pauli was going with the conversation .
va	O	David 's voice was husky and filled with concern .
va	I	Worry creased the sides of mouth his .
va	O	The phrase sticks in my head , repeats itself on its own .
va	O	I push through the gate and situate by a tree right in front of my mom 's headstone .
va	O	Nine months later their shining son was born .
va	I	On the left side of the school was a dark , dense forest while on the side right was the football and baseball fields .
va	O	Just because the women hadn 't been drained of blood didn 't mean they weren 't being mistreated .
va	O	Truth will be turned into myth and legend .
va	I	He sniffed fingers her , walked on top of her , and kneaded her belly .
va	O	Anna quickly returned with a small piece of bright red silk .
va	O	Aya looked around frantically , but was swept up and joined Captain Kalen for a fast dance around the floor .
va	I	Pissed me off was he always treading so close to the truth .
va	I	She bit the of inside her cheeks in an effort to keep from smiling , but that didn 't fool Daddy .
va	I	His black eyes were thoughtful as studied he her .
va	O	But the jab was well deserved .
va	O	Part of it is that his parents were killed in a raid .
va	I	What he is doing ?
va	O	Or she thought it was stoic ; it was difficult to tell under all that handsome haughtiness .
va	O	We weren 't past the lake ; instead we were staring at a field and then the lake .
va	O	The alarm a couple of minutes ago had told me that someone in a nearly empty complex was using a lot of hot water .
va	I	Behind her , heard she the boat crunch against the mud .
va	O	A scholar , according to Joseph , but also an eccentric , in Saul 's opinion .
va	I	He was not stunted at all , but only a boy himself , Laurence realized ; only a handful of years between him the and one hiding .
va	I	And with it came a noise , like thunder rolling around the sky , a cavernous sound that seemed to from come deep within the earth .
va	O	Hopefully he 'd follow her to a less than holy place and she could kick his butt then .
va	I	And to so today 's meeting .
va	I	Violet didn like 't to break the silence at all .
va	I	Things were quickly becoming more complicated he than liked .
va	O	Rita was still asleep .
va	O	A moment later EMT medics were at their sides asking questions about their injuries and if there were any other people inside .
va	I	My gaze away flicked , meeting Dawson 's .
va	O	The travel guides hadn 't been kidding when they raved about Caribbean sand .
va	O	Upon hearing this , Bari quickly scribbled something out , and wrote a couple extra words at the end and then handed his essay in .
va	I	Sera around looked and tried not to feel sorry for herself .
va	O	The guy turned around and lifted the frame off its hook .
va	I	He turned face to her .
va	O	a career soldier , a quiet spoken man given to almost whispering ... ... a jungle habit , a hard man , a ' Team ' man .
va	I	Suppose God only created good , how long before he obsolete became ?
va	O	A sly smile lit her features .
va	I	But that thing was giving me headache a . '
va	O	Cadmus spun and when he saw where the dragon was at in relation to us , his jaw clenched .
va	I	But my mother voice 's was ringing in my head even louder than Shallow Lucy .
va	O	He turned and pulled out another bud and waved it under Spencer 's nostrils .
va	I	From time to time he sensed the ground creaking him beneath .
va	I	Abilities were that transferred to me .
va	I	I mentally reiterated my interest in getting guidebook a .
va	I	He smiled he when saw that I was joking .
va	I	I never 'd been so simultaneously in lust and love with someone .
va	I	He watched the woman learned and where she travelled .
va	O	That 's when Ben sensed the atmosphere .
va	I	And he stopped often to listen , which is good another sign .
va	O	The rasping of a saw came through the open door .
va	O	When I am forced to leave ... that isn 't something I could ever put her through .
va	I	It took fifteen minutes from the the time site was selected until a campfire was lit .
va	O	And her legs ... sweet hell , her legs seemed to go on forever .
va	I	Alec stepped out of the elevator and held door the for Eve .
va	I	Opening her bedroom door , she saw Sal sitting on her sofa reading the and newspaper sipping coffee .
va	I	He not did go in .
va	I	I took a step back , lifting my to arms defend myself .
va	I	The insult obviously went over his 's brother head , but what could be expected from a man who took most things literally and only work seriously ?
va	I	The hole rabbit suddenly got a whole lot darker .
va	O	Then she busied herself amongst the sights of the peculiar grassy sphere .
va	O	Though the temptation was pretty damn great .
va	O	The other problem was his wife .
va	I	Hal was surprised to see that was he roughly middle-aged .
va	O	I could tell Dad was in a lot of pain , but I knew he 'd object if I called for an aid car .
va	O	Or does he go south into New South Wales and places he had driven through on their trips along the Pacific Highway to Sydney ?
va	I	He his places hand on my waist and puts his nose close to my ear .
va	I	He bound her feet and with hands panty hose , then ripped the bedsheets into long strips .
va	I	Then he his put other hand in and rubbed them together .
va	O	She laughed and rolled her shoulders as she sighed .
va	O	She smacked the counter and chuckled .
va	I	A solid thunk soon told he him had found it .
va	I	There was one no sitting in the stations next to him .
va	O	Though there were moments where she softened toward him , he was unsure of her feelings .
va	O	Someone who wasn 't part of my outside the office life to tell me to shut up and get over it .
va	I	And right now , my had company the better track record .
va	O	I apologized , feeling deeply embarrassed .
va	O	Left out in the cold .
va	O	As Ryan turned his head he saw the sheer outer wall of the Spire rising up behind him .
va	O	Blood feuds had been put aside for him .
va	O	When I came around , Hank was covered in blood , and he looked exhausted .
va	O	This district was by no means deserted .
va	O	He stiffened as I grazed his neck with my fangs .
va	I	Then she turned rushed and into the next room .
va	O	The dagger would destroy the vessel which is the existence growing inside her .
va	O	called out the barmaid to the disparate group of her remaining patrons of which Dirk and I were a part .
va	I	It took Kiara some to time settle down before she could forget Jake 's face .
va	O	Last thing I remember , a bolt of energy came straight down on me head .
va	O	Through the colonel 's mentorship , he and his friends had learned to channel their codes of right and wrong .
va	I	It was beginning to look way that .
va	O	He looked so distinguished in his suit .
va	I	Mr. Culpepper Sam was already fifteen minutes late .
va	I	When my aunt first invited him to dinner I thought she just was being polite , but now I didn 't know what was going on .
va	I	His voice held no inflection , but Dahlia winced at clear the reprimand .
va	O	How many times had he been shot ?
va	O	I wouldn 't let any man control my actions , especially you .
va	I	She leaned down to me kiss , and I held up a hand to stop her .
va	I	Linda stayed quiet for uncomfortable an moment .
va	O	Then a moment later I saw the package drop , drag strip trailing behind .
va	O	There was a long silence , and Christine realized that since Raoul had never actually proposed to her , he technically couldn 't be having an affair .
va	I	At the same time , she expanded her sense of to hearing its fullest .
va	O	I can 't , I can 't , I won 't , I -- I have to go .
va	I	She wasn 't going stay to at the cabin much longer .
va	O	Heather 's heart was heavy but she knew not why until she realized that Betty was not dressed for travel .
va	I	She was aware suddenly of floating .
va	O	She ranted on , but I had no idea what or who she was talking about .
va	I	Forest rose up on each side as I sped down the open road , weaving the around few cars creeping along in the slow lane .
va	I	He hadn 't been nervous on a date for years , and he 'd several dated very sophisticated women .
va	I	Father but all rent his cassock .
va	I	After 20 minutes of doodling things she had dreamed about , glared she up at the teacher 's desk .
va	O	Stone and Wentworth looked at each other but said nothing .
va	I	Calvin a placed hand on my shoulder .
va	O	Especially ones he had to pay .
va	O	If he hadn 't come on board , he was in danger of becoming isolated .
va	I	Lucas could sense Roshan that was being sincere .
va	I	Monitors overhead recorded every detail of his functions bodily .
va	I	She shifted then , pulled her gaze away and spoke suddenly and a in rush .
va	I	We pulled into parking the lot , and I got out as soon as I shut off the truck , ending the conversation ... for now .
va	I	They too are noisy .
va	I	Blue inspected a nearby tree , a somewhat fascinating piece newspaper of , and the tire of a Vespa .
va	I	That in itself was a of revelation sorts .
va	O	I finally accepted that I had to seek out help .
va	O	Scott was Nephilim - freakishly strong .
va	I	I always thought that he nothing felt and that was so rude of me to think like that .
va	O	A few minutes later , a crowd of adolescents came down its steps and scattered in different directions .
va	O	She even glanced backwards to see how far they 'd walked while she 'd still been in that kissing moment .
va	I	I widen stance my , making my feet even with my shoulders .
va	I	Willow grinned up him at .
va	O	I believe I know you well enough to say this .
va	O	' Without you they would be coming home to nothing . '
va	I	I my shook head .
va	I	James didn 't know how passionate was she .
va	O	My mind flashed back to one summer day , four years ago when I was still fifteen .
va	O	That thought reminded her of the potatoes , and Sam glanced toward the sink .
va	O	We are small , and the rich mountains that provide our ore , gems and gold leave our people scattered and difficult to defend .
va	O	she asked when he looked to be exiting the room .
va	O	She didn 't understand why .
va	O	he repeated , slightly louder this time and more agitated .
va	I	The police have been called , but I need to go and ask to everyone stay put .
va	I	Though she 'd never been a follower as rule a , she obeyed him .
va	I	It was quite a building grand for so small a force .
va	I	Then let begin 's ... CHAPTER 7 William has been sent on a devil 's mission .
va	I	On these streets , I can still feel the of beating Day 's heart .
va	I	A who pickle was packing up his apartment next door as we speak , and making a helluva lot of noise while doing it .
va	O	Mack expelled his breath .
va	I	In her arms were a pile account of books .
va	I	They urged their horses the last yards to gatehouse the .
va	I	Where on could earth Nate have gone ?
va	O	It was her turn to step up to the plate and do whatever was necessary to protect him .
va	I	Now she looked to future the , imagining how their lives would change when they welcomed a son or daughter into their family .
va	I	Avoiding this zone is unspoken an rule for staying alive .
va	I	Hitting the they atmosphere become streaks of light raining down onto the radioactive planet 's surface .
va	O	Hope spread inside Fin 's chest .
va	I	That very 's true .
va	I	She loved every minute of it and wanted to keep it for going as long as she could .
va	O	Cousin Jerry 's membership card in the Communist Party of the United States of America showed his birth year as 1897 .
va	O	But something wasn 't right .
va	O	Pulling out a large vase , I quickly arranged the flowers in a few inches of water .
va	I	Darlene as looked stunned as Noah did , but Noah ignored her .
va	O	All through dinner she had waited for Christine to speak , growing impatient with excitement .
va	I	She noticed me eyeing gun the slung on her hips .
va	O	The judges voices had their own say with each of their voices echoing .
va	I	She was trying to wipe it off her shoulder blade , but was to unable reach it . '
va	O	A gorgeous group of Fairy women bearing round baskets of fruit looked her way and then gossiped to each other .
va	I	She should have through seen them all .
va	I	Waiting alone you for ?
va	I	The luxurious closed suite around her with a pull to follow her baser urges .
va	O	Josie didn 't notice them leave .
va	O	What did he mean ?
va	I	In the meantime , she had another choice make to .
va	O	He glanced at the king .
va	I	I held up my hand to them show the ring on my finger .
va	I	Caroline turned around and gave Hugh a but polite disingenuous smile .
va	I	The horse had known somehow that was Errand coming and had been restive and high-strung all morning .
va	O	People chose even to avoid his eye contact .
va	I	Despite the blood , he covered his face in his and hands did in his dream what he had never done when he was awake .
va	I	I have invited her for here the stitching with her Mama . '
va	O	She waved her hand in front of her face , blinking rapidly .
va	I	What this if is the beginning of the end ?
va	O	Because you 're my boyfriend 's brother and you needed a place to go .
va	O	Grace scoffed claiming they 'd sell mere handfuls of records and split like his previous signings .
va	O	' Did she let you in ? '
va	O	Mr. Chang called my father to make sure Andrew had made it .
va	O	In fact , I hated it .
va	I	The one we had before we out found the truth .
va	O	I had a bad feeling about them .
va	I	Gator 's voice was concerned suddenly .
va	I	Fergus checked the bottom right corner of screen the .
va	O	Despite her fatigue , she fought Morpheus 's arms .
va	I	The conversation was light with Phil telling the boys that they did an job outstanding .
va	I	I asked , looking out the at crowd before turning my gaze back to her .
va	I	Kylie 's mom told that her Sara 's mom had called to make sure Kylie had gotten home okay .
va	O	She needed to stay away from him completely .
va	O	I always feared you , Gregori , feared your power over me , feared what you represented , the loss of my freedom .
va	I	Strip away the environment and we are all equal made over time .
va	O	Evie gave a soft sigh of pleasure .
va	O	For him , there was no forgiveness for anyone who caused the willful death of an innocent life .
va	I	I feel like I could tear this apart place .
va	I	It was as though the pressure had become so great that my mind had collapsed in on like itself a neutron star .
va	O	I have not grown in this new wisdom like Shiv .
va	I	She considers this , looking conflicted , but she then slowly leans in and lightly places her lips against mine .
va	O	They mounted three flights and came into a broad chamber on the fourth floor , which seemed to be the highest tier in the building .
va	I	Jagger nowhere was in sight .
va	O	But you can meet my parents if you want to . '
va	I	Real live beings human with feelings .
va	I	But rather than illuminating 's Shelby face , the lights cast shadows over her .
va	I	He 'd never felt anything as primal as he did that in moment .
va	O	When she winced , all the pieces fell into place .
va	O	But is that important ?
va	I	A snake red tattoo coiled around one of his arms while a stylized raven showed on the other .
va	I	It may have neither been .
va	O	To a woman named Jessica .
va	I	There was an pause awkward .
va	O	He hadn 't spoken to Joshua since that afternoon .
va	O	Life shouldn 't be what happens while you 're running from your own shadow .
va	I	She had no job , the subsistence ration had been cut again and she 'd her spent last credits getting to Dublin to interview .
va	I	Kim 's not home coming .
va	O	He smiled a warm and cocky grin .
va	O	It seemed so far away .
va	O	And the piano , for what it was worth , didn 't sound nearly as bad as it looked .
va	I	She was Devil 's old lady and the leader the of women .
va	I	White lace curtains floated in the breeze above boxes window filled with yellow daffodils .
va	O	At first he had not noticed , his head was too full of plans and worries for him to spare a thought for conversation .
va	I	Kevin didn want 't another guy laying a hand on Nikki .
va	O	Before I can think about it long enough to weigh the pros and cons , I turn off the car and bolt after him .
va	I	Chris had decided on entering the priesthood through his love of words -- this he told in me one of our rare all night talks .
va	I	I headed the for door .
va	O	Ash had every right to ask questions .
va	O	You can see that I left a deposit there in the bank .
va	O	Evelyn stated , but she didn 't make any attempt to stop the dogs either .
va	O	The house 's main floor consisted of eleven rooms , each part of the official tour .
va	I	Maybe the dog doesn need 't a name after all .
va	O	He was dressed in a beat-up T-shirt and jeans and his hair still appeared damp from his shower .
va	O	Her movements became jerky and anxious in the fading light .
va	O	Kelsey 's brow furrowed .
va	I	When they were outside , he simply bent low and kissed her open mouth , eliminating the of possibility hearing her contradict Mary 's assertion .
va	O	Let 's keep Cort McKenzie on the suspect list .
va	O	She 'd wondered what it stood for .
va	I	But he already knew had what happened .
va	I	He stood as silent as possible , watching the shadows the of trees and waiting .
va	I	Sarah got of out the car and hurried across the parking lot to the pavilion .
va	I	Do they really understand the harm they are doing , or do they think they are the of stars a TV show ?
va	O	She had issues that had nothing to do with me .
va	I	I felt the anger leaving me as I willed for him to tell how me wrong I was .
va	O	We spend the next two days running errands and getting Max firmly established .
va	O	But there is a story , my friends .
va	I	My mouth in opened amused disbelief .
va	O	First , with her elopement , and then with her ease in ending their affair .
va	I	The king looks smug satisfied and .
va	I	God 's other were children mighty and strange by the prophets ' accounts .
va	I	She endured 'd the loss of her father , the death of her mother , the disillusionment of divorce .
va	I	The bum was followed , in turn , by limping a golden retriever .
va	O	Jordan wasn 't alone .
va	O	A high , ragged scream broke free of her mouth , vibrating her whole body with the force of it .
va	O	Then again , there 's nothing worse than getting credit where you don 't deserve it .
va	I	Or had a father all at .
va	I	He rubbed his thumb over the skin of my wrist then kissed the red marks the left ropes behind .
va	O	Then it occurred to her what was actually happening .
va	I	She patted his arm , her heart kicking into a gallop full .
va	I	I stood on crashed the plate of the entrance and examined the desolate surroundings .
va	O	Harsh rain gives way to a soft dribble .
va	O	But she 'd learned , she realized .
va	I	He and father my had dealings .
va	O	I suck on my tongue until feeling comes back into it .
va	I	She started walking again while Anthony kept pace , leading horse his by the reins .
va	I	My head is cloudy , but I my keep eyes on the restroom sign .
va	I	I allowed myself to relax , and I opened my to mind the experience .
va	I	But as Rachel presses tighter to me , I know I 'm too far gone stand to a chance alone .
va	O	I didn 't want to add Allegra to the list .
va	I	We have known for many years that our are planets connected .
va	O	To all appearances Gollum was genuinely distressed and anxious to help Frodo .
va	I	Brian said , suddenly becoming angry , as he around looked at the people in his home .
va	I	They continued to discuss day the 's events until it was time for supper .
va	O	Moreover , he had decided to remove his pants and stood before her wearing only a pair of short , dark boxers .
va	I	Straightening her shoulders , drew she on a lifetime of being taught to face the enemy with courage and grace .
va	O	he wondered , thinking back over the conversation .
va	I	He had her used .
va	O	I honestly wanted to die or faint , but neither one of them occurred .
va	O	Don 't get distracted .
va	O	He thought for a moment and then rushed on .
va	O	She plugged the hair drier and curled locks of hair in the brush .
va	I	' We see 'll .
va	I	Her began mind tripping over everything that she had been trying to deny .
va	I	What do do you when magic is real , and cold iron burns the flesh ?
va	O	Not when it will make young Caroline so happy .
va	I	After the way Jax and I had ended , I wasn 't sure what he had to left say .
va	I	After searching for only a minutes few , she came across something that fit perfectly with what she was looking for .
va	I	I still asked , very but little interested .
va	I	I 'd discovered early on in my search for the that paranormal a lot more people disappeared than anyone realized .
va	O	I can 't work as well as I could in candlelight nowadays .
va	I	He didn 't know much about boats or before water he got here .
va	I	I wanted see to her again .
va	I	But I had ever really been scared ?
va	O	Something that made them even harder to tell apart .
va	I	He crossed his and arms began shaking .
va	O	Wasn 't about the supernatural nightmare that was his life .
va	O	So did his rep as SEAL , though Shel didn 't seem all that impressed with his line of work .
va	O	The sun streamed through a crack in the canopy above onto that very spot , and she paused for a minute to enjoy its warmth .
va	O	She opens her eyes and reluctantly looks at the masked face again .
va	O	Standing too , Jess took her hand .
va	I	He lifted his face to the black sky and asked the wind that whipped through his hair and tore tears from eyes his .
va	O	The scent of coffee wafted on the wind .
va	O	It was getting cold outside .
va	I	Guilt nicked , but Mary Elise at her pit bull most hadn persistent 't been budging .
va	I	Kali , as she so chooses , is in fact a level ten has and been since she was born .
va	O	This isn 't just about sex .
va	O	The gunslinger did not believe he was harmless .
va	O	She knew it to be true .
va	O	I was sweating to the point where I was wet through but I carried on .
va	I	James rolled his eyes in the James typical fashion .
va	I	She to needed breathe .
va	O	Traded some guns , food & music , guess it did come in handy .
va	O	She grabbed Lauren 's hand .
va	I	Tell me , do you wish to die at my hand , here , or do you prefer submit to to the justice of your own race ?
va	I	Two men were carrying a towards case the vehicle .
va	I	Out of all the other weird things had that happened to her since she woke up , this ... this was the straw that broke it .
va	O	Kali looked around the lobby .
va	O	He slipped his hand off my cheek , placing it over where mine rested against his chest .
va	I	Riley lifted his chin , almost but not quite a nod , appraised and .
va	O	Immediately his other hand cupped my cheek and he held my face close to his .
va	O	She wasn 't that girl who made out with a stranger .
va	O	Vince teased Kallie as she took off her shades and placed them on top of her head .
va	O	Even so , I want you to know - whatever you want me to do for you , Mairi - I will do it .
va	O	I swallow the prickly lump in my throat .
va	I	Juan was not very concerned and peeked through the to window observe his parents .
va	I	On the of arm someone who wanted me there ?
va	O	I think these women might have invaluable insight into the female psyche .
va	I	It was strange a sight indeed .
va	I	So didn I 't .
va	O	They 'll use me as a weapon for a cause and then have me killed first chance they get .
va	I	I don know 't why I said it that way .
va	O	Jenny gave me a ride that night after my shift .
va	I	Or you may find yourself in a battle , in which you need to take cover , to save yourself from enemies the ' arrows .
va	I	Emily sat fast up .
va	I	Adelaide amazed me with dramatic her concern .
va	O	More than anything , he wanted to tear out of the bunker and hunt Vince down - daylight or not .
va	O	Didn 't look like she had any panties on , either .
va	O	Each was a little more somber than usual .
va	O	The action and sounds of the heist play out in my head as if I 'm there in the room .
va	O	And there was no question to whom it belonged .
va	I	What 's happened my to old nag ? '
va	I	The skin on her face and was arms red and her face starting to swell up .
va	O	So did I , but I shoved a hand into his back and lightly pushed .
va	I	Jeremy did as she asked , even closing his eyes so he couldn 't see her reflection the in darkly tinted window .
va	I	Kade let out a shrill noise , like a puppy dog getting his ran tail over .
va	I	Finally , at Agincourt the French Army had been to unable adjust to the English army 's disorganized charge on the battlefield .
va	O	Not after you screwed me by walking out of mine .
va	O	Trust that he knows what he 's doing , she thought .
va	I	The whole world seemed compressed a into tunnel .
va	O	His rider , all the while , had been grossly out of position , simply struggling to stay on .
va	I	So basically in our country everyone learns fly to .
va	I	In surprise I found I 'd lost track of we where were -- or where we were even headed .
va	I	She took several deep breaths , hoping that it was over , contemplating whether she was still the in wood .
va	I	Everybody found a reason to stop and look at what they were as doing they went about their chores .
va	I	And how come I 't don know about this ?
va	I	Such a shout was heard by all in the bar , and even some outside , for Jack had intentionally disrupted the General Tuesday 's night .
va	I	Victoria felt so out worn .
va	I	The office flew door open .
va	I	Then I fired up the EVA suit , the leaving helmet off .
va	I	Having a man grown help me in and out of a car is hard on the ego .
va	O	She realized what it was before Jimmy said a thing .
va	O	She is not family , and she 's certainly not the first girl he has cast aside .
va	I	Maybe old Priam would come out of his chambers if he a had decent physician taking care of him .
va	O	What in the hell was I doing ?
va	O	That 's my new nickname for you .
va	I	I know should I be alarmed , but I 'm not .
va	O	Anger swept through him and the metallic flesh on his arms rippled as he prepared a response .
va	O	I yanked myself back into The Moment , which was fine enough .
va	O	We arrived at the hospital , and I headed to the lab to have my blood drawn .
va	O	He sat with his pencil in his hand awaiting his next task .
va	O	She deliberately referred to her childhood , the one happy bridge they had between them .
va	I	She looked up , face her pink as a Christmas ham .
va	I	After a moment the glided doors open and he stepped into the polished metal box .
va	I	By the time school let out for summer vacation , had he his $ 100 .
va	I	She held up large a bag and shook it .
va	O	Connor let go of Maria 's hand and stooped to put down his bags .
va	O	That was the one thing I knew about that she didn 't .
va	I	his voice though thundered the halls of the large and lonely house , that had suddenly ceased to be a home .
va	I	Then she was gone , the sound of her unsteady a steps ragged drumbeat on the parquet floor .
va	I	' Why , what did say he ? '
va	I	I stand to up give her a hug .
va	I	Don beat 't yourself up so much .
va	O	Damn it , I can 't lose them .
va	I	I didn 't realize much how I missed being human .
va	I	Sometimes I down slow .
va	I	He 't wasn planning to make this easy .
va	O	Sometimes Stephanie would call .
va	O	Usually I did the listening .
va	O	By shouting and interrupting she earned ten spanks on the ass .
va	O	He had been right .
va	I	Now she was to queen an unknown people .
va	O	I let my eyes move slowly towards the trees .
va	I	That was easy him for to say .
va	O	I landed on all fours , which resulted in my face planting the marble floor from the force .
va	O	Turn to stone in the middle of the night .
va	I	My heart thumped anticipation with .
va	I	Jack 's jaw so clenched tightly he thought his teeth would crack as he listened to Sam .
va	O	I guess all knowledge is on my side .
va	O	I could try to tackle him out the window .
va	O	It looked like they had just a metal cover for their spare tire so it wouldn 't get stolen .
va	O	They could go to his cave and then figure out what they should do next .
va	I	He spread life and glee that through rippled the other dancers .
va	O	Susan rejoined Amy and they returned to the lab together .
va	I	He had to be at least seven feet tall , augmented by the flame biker boots that added at three least inches to his height .
va	I	Liam turned his head and gave her sad a smile .
va	I	We each took a glass , and the boy smiled at back us .
va	O	You appear to be a young blonde girl , but that 's only an illusion .
va	I	I placed my fingers over my heart in a of show relief .
va	I	I snaked a hand forward to dog the that had the murder grip on Paul 's neck .
va	O	Hope ballooned briefly inside her , and then swiftly deflated as she recalled Luther 's words .
va	O	She punched my shoulder .
va	O	It 'd become classified before he 'd learned enough English to retain the name .
va	O	As the contract was filled out , the baby screamed louder and louder .
va	O	Instead she closed it far too softly .
va	I	She stood up slowly and made her way to the offices executive .
va	I	' Did you not my receive communication ? '
va	O	Suddenly , I felt no more pain .
va	O	she asked in a whisper .
va	O	You want to be sexy and fun , but still in control , know what I mean ?
va	O	Black nodded his appreciation and turned to Frank .
va	I	If it looked as if a woman wasn 't interested , which happened just about never , he move would happily on to the next .
va	O	The council members and vampire rogues from London disappeared into the mist quickly after that .
va	I	Kenny 's shoulders dropped defeat in .
va	I	I pick up my cell phone the from center console .
va	I	This was the way life was to supposed be , for normal people .
va	O	For their sakes , if not my own .
va	O	Elena looked involuntarily behind her .
va	I	I that wanted for me and , in the dreams , I had it .
va	O	These words have to mean something .
va	O	She stepped to the edge of the ambulance .
va	O	It looked pretty swanky to me , with chandeliers in the lobby , a porter 's desk and tiled flooring .
va	I	When I was talking to Clara , sometimes I could forget about it , and I laugh could , smile .
va	O	Instead , I put the knife into his free hand .
va	I	They were waiting a for confirmation on the license plate of the light blue one .
va	O	Cassidy relaxed under Eric 's touch , then she looked past him and stiffened .
va	O	Irritation instead of enjoyment .
va	I	Dark haunted circles his eyes .
va	I	Normally at business meetings only few a audience chairs were required .
va	I	There 's a putting painter a glossy coat of red on the wooden window frames .
va	O	She smiled and kissed his cheek .
va	O	Madeline waited until the giants had moved through the crowd again , refreshing the many drinks that needed it , before she spoke again .
va	O	Her hands were delicate but not bony , and the fingers were long and slender .
va	I	For the first time he since spoke , Hal was speechless .
va	I	The robot walks in here and hands Director the of Research the upgrade schematics !
va	O	Colt liked what he saw .
va	I	I needed feel to confident when I saw James again .
va	I	Even those who knew about Alchemists were probably surprised to see us , given the formality our of relationship .
va	I	Indeed , the severity of those beatings had increased longer the she continued to defy the powers in the White Tower .
va	O	Even if you managed to expel the Elder , it 's far too late .
va	I	She with went the fuchsia shirt and a pair of white shorts .
va	O	' Do you seriously expect us to enlist the help of humans in the affairs of immortals ? '
va	O	He started to feel faint again , and realized for the first time that it may be linked to loss of blood .
va	I	Next thing I know , I get a letter from your daughter and I just had write to to her .
va	O	Shawn will go with me .
va	I	And 'd I do anything for Daemon .
va	I	This time voice her was higher and harsher .
va	O	It was only when she saw the scars on his bad leg that she felt bad .
va	I	Nothing new had come out of the in site decades .
va	I	I looked him at , searching for a fleck of sorrow , or compassion , or anything , but there was nothing .
va	I	Where , in evenings the , he made models .
va	O	They didn 't seem to have a clue what their Queen seemed to love .
va	O	You get that fork movin ' right now , young man !
va	I	Her feet flailed and on drummed the Cherokee 's floor and one shoe fell off .
va	I	Still , the Buddhist in him whispered in his ear to relax guard his .
va	O	Their lovemaking was a hungry , wild mating that was both tender and fierce and left them so exhausted they fell into a deep , drained sleep .
va	I	Someone we knew were there and they wanted us distracted .
va	O	You know we 're not safe out here , and we have to move .
va	O	Love you for that !
va	O	He 'd have to stop for that .
va	I	I could still eat and drink I whatever wanted .
va	I	Paul used his side mirror to monitor the 's man forward progress .
va	O	I looked down and was met with a sparkling array of diamonds and rubies set in platinum .
va	I	As explained I to you earlier , I have already made other arrangements .
va	I	In my loops 50 as a member of this Assembly , I have never seen such boorish behavior .
va	O	The initial reaction of the town folk had been one of acute disgust and , in some quarters , outright alarm , according to Rafe and Hannah .
va	O	he asked as he stepped into the parlor , where she was sitting , reading a book .
va	I	She didn 't like thought the of being Daimon bait .
va	O	I 'm going to fast forward to a hundred or so years ago .
va	O	Lisa cries out in horror , her whole body shaking .
va	O	She could only moan and sob in agreement .
va	I	Was he nothing really to Gwynn ?
va	I	But so much on hinged Colin 's visit that Luna had spent the past few days working side by side with Dulcie and Sybil .
va	I	These two brothers were as different as a vicious lion mountain and a horse .
va	I	Her breath left her in a hard as whoosh he pulled her tightly against his chest .
va	O	I gulp , then stare at him again .
va	O	Another of our inspired capital acquisitions this will turn out to be .
va	I	Then cell the phone rang again .
va	O	And so you never will .
va	O	He hoped he wouldn 't have to tell Doyle Wells exactly what he thought of the way he talked to and about his daughter .
va	O	She dumped her notebook on the desk and dialed him .
va	O	Medusa 's blood ran cold ; she had been caught violating their customs .
va	O	He believed in making his own fate ... or luck .
va	O	When the plane finally accelerated down the runway , my heart actually skipped a beat .
va	O	I come and go .
va	I	He hadn really 't slept in three days and he didn 't know how much longer he could hold it all together .
va	O	He was trying to sell someone a felonious hot dog , a sign that some recent sure-fire business venture had collapsed .
va	O	His presence was just ... commanding .
va	O	With that thought , Josiah looked up again .
va	O	She scanned Julie 's trembling body in Morales ' hold .
va	O	It hadn 't sunk in that I was quite likely a wealthy man now , something I never imagined being in this life .
va	O	She ´ s easy to talk to .
va	I	One word smacked her right back stark into reality .
va	I	We 're lying under the blanket , her heat against side my .
va	O	When the kitchen was clean , Olivia finally spoke to me , but it was only about what happened .
va	I	She has impressively an royal demeanor when it suits her .
va	O	So why should his son 's challenging , straight talking dance teacher get under his skin in a way no other female has ?
va	O	She much preferred having a little space around her and not living so high up .
va	I	He rinsed his mouth of the mango 's sugar and into spit the sand .
va	O	He grabbed one of the cylindrical bottles and tried to open the cap , but it wouldn 't budge .
va	O	Should I make a run for it ?
va	O	Her father lowered the newspaper that he 'd been reading and peered at her over the rim of his spectacles .
va	I	I wiped my thumb against the corner of my mouth , discreetly checking for drool and then lifted my head to address cashier the .
va	I	Of course he likes her ; she 's the got perfect body .
va	O	Unfortunately , none of that affected her speed .
va	I	Clary braced herself - But the room was beyond empty .
va	I	Don 't bother lookin ' , he to thought himself .
va	O	God has given you an answer ... It 's time to listen .
va	O	Just toss your clothes outside the bathroom doors and I 'll see that they get washed .
va	O	Nikolas got to his feet .
va	O	It is only when we work together that we can achieve our full potential .
va	O	I 'd had more than one prowler .
va	O	The air was cool and crisp , the sky awash with stars .
va	O	He frowned in the darkness .
va	O	If John found a way to sneak out , then maybe they would find it , too .
va	I	At no least one had called her on it .
va	O	He was still stunned , off balance .
va	I	When I made finally it home , I stepped off the elevator and into the darkness of my penthouse .
va	I	I started protest to but couldn 't .
va	I	The smart thing to do get was out while Max was away .
va	O	They passed through a phalanx four men deep , holding spears in a stack from high to low .
va	I	James raised eyebrows his .
va	I	He 'd reached the top of the stairs by then and hurried quickly into the bedroom with twin beds , kicking the door closed him behind .
va	I	She knocked on the doors , surprised when the doors immediately opened .
va	I	A few changes of clothes and about 45 minutes later , was I walking up to Seven Sisters .
va	I	So fear they you .
va	O	Oh , I can 't wait to have you back here .
va	O	She knew he wouldn 't bring harm to any of them , but that 's all she knew .
va	I	She put the button back into her pocket , then reached to the draw Carstairs ring off her hand .
va	I	She gestured the toward departing couple .
va	I	Everyone at looked James Dean .
va	I	A hand touched arm her again .
va	O	Lizzie interrupted him , one morning while they were sparring , and he was startled from his daydream to find himself in the training ground .
va	I	Forests of dead trees flew past as drove they on into the dusk .
va	O	He had them arrange a severance package for Amy and would have her employment ended before the day was out .
va	I	I at gestured a nearby boulder , focusing my Will .
va	O	Not just Elizabeth Frasier , but three Cordell residents had died and one other was in critical condition in an Oklahoma City hospital .
va	O	She could smell the fear pouring from him in misty waves , even over the odors of stale beer and cigarettes .
va	O	She felt a wave of exhaustion sweep over her body .
va	O	At least five minutes had passed since I 'd last seen Meredith and the men .
va	O	Having flown around the world of the future herself , she knew that nothing came instantly .
va	I	She knew who was she .
va	O	His life is in your hands .
va	I	She creeps up on you you when 're not looking .
va	O	Though she remembered everything that happened there , what happened later was a blur , a jumble of events that ran together .
va	I	She at looked the some numbers on the device .
va	O	And went directly to her parents ' apartment .
va	O	On the other were rolling hills of green , green grass that spanned to the horizon .
va	O	She 'd stunned me into silence .
va	O	Kay stifled a yawn while she waited for Gideon to lock the door , then she followed him into the bedroom .
va	O	Luc studied the shell of her ear , the curve of her jaw and the flare of her nostrils .
va	I	I knelt down on my knees and I pulled her into a embrace tight .
va	O	She doesn 't struggle to pull away .
va	I	He feel could a big lump already rising out of his scalp .
va	O	She looks at the full , flushed , concerned face of Mrs. Parson who is trying to say something softly , but Mary cannot hear .
va	O	I can see a much larger group of guards heading my way from over the metal walkways that stretch in every direction .
va	O	Each package was of a similar size , although the shapes varied and the wrapping paper ranged from cartoon snowmen to golden holly leaves .
va	I	She stepped closer , determined not to let know him how deeply he affected her .
va	O	She was born to flirt , and flirt she did .
va	O	Maybe it was the wistfulness in her mother 's voice , mixed with regret .
va	I	Why come not to Canada ?
va	I	He opened it and back moved away from me .
va	I	There no was wind .
va	I	Watched her tight rear in move those leather leggings .
va	O	You hide from being a princess and a mer .
va	I	Her eyes as went dark as night , softening , something mysterious and eternal moving there .
va	I	I could feel a heat my at back .
va	I	He knew he was still alone not .
va	O	This startled Robert , this sudden , unexpected melancholy on Roger 's part .
va	O	I imagined a simple maze in my mind .
va	I	We 're going to take all the time that need we .
va	O	It 's always good to have some company , and we seem to be doing well as a team .
va	I	Almost as much as do I .
va	O	The easiest and probably most sensible thing to do was simply to take it -- wasn 't it ?
va	O	But her support can ensure that your enemies face a long series of misfortunes while your court becomes very dangerous for any who plot against you .
va	I	I lay in ruin upon the ground , and I thought of Beorn beaten upon docks the .
va	I	I don 't want hurt to you more than I already have .
va	O	' We can give it a try , I suppose - but only what we get from those places you tell me about .
va	O	Laughing at his over-the-top display , I walked over and sat on his lap .
va	O	His eyes closed , and he pinched the bridge of his nose between the fingers of his right hand .
va	I	His lips twisted as he ruefully admitted that he admired courage her , even as it threatened to drive him insane .
va	O	She turned her attention back to Errand 's hair .
va	O	All you have to do is get him there .
va	O	When did you find out ?
va	O	He stormed out to the parking lot , got in his truck and sped off , leaving black rubber marks from his tires as he did .
va	I	Outwardly , it seemed to me everything that was pretty much the same .
va	I	' You sure you don want 't a drink ? '
va	I	The Sapphire was Room the loveliest room she 'd ever seen .
va	O	Lewis sounded out of breath .
va	O	Damien lost his mom when he was just a kid , and I 've always been grateful that Evelyn was in his life .
va	I	Grasping her hand his with , he moved their entwined fingers with bold strokes that had her panting and gasping .
va	I	It reminded me of when I was little she and 'd read to me before bedtime .
va	O	He was basically a lad who had enjoyed a quiet life on his home planet , Earth .
va	O	It 's so hard to imagine him settled , spending quiet evenings with her when she was young .
va	I	The strange feeling that I had when I was curing her returns and I don 't why know I can 't simply answer him .
va	I	Andrew Eddie gave a towel and a sympathetic smile .
va	I	In a way , she 'd been already doing it .
va	O	Just as she inserted the key into the ignition , a shadow crossed over her arms and lap .
va	O	The winding wood stairway with icicles led down to a bubbling pond of steaming waters .
va	I	The car blow could .
va	O	said Miss Tick hurriedly .
va	O	I didn 't really know what to say to that , how to continue this conversation .
va	I	She had to get there up herself .
va	I	The Gard burned to the ground , the destroyed Portal , our streets awash with monsters .
va	I	We started work lol on : / in August 2011 and it was performed in October of the same year .
va	O	And yet , could she base future decisions upon a coincidence like that ?
va	I	When Mum noticed my closed lips in every picture wanted she to know what was going on .
va	I	The infection me made laugh even more .
va	O	Ashley wanted to warn Starr to get back , but dizziness swirled .
va	I	No burly orderlies came running , my so other foot came to join the more adventurous one .
va	O	And it is in the spirit of Christmas that I ask you now to sign these papers my own elven attorneys drew up .
va	I	It offered no chattering band , no bar muttering .
va	I	He the took stool next to her .
va	I	Everything had been about the war , all adding up to attack this , to furthering their cause .
va	I	They were both supremely happy as Rogers moved the horses and turned the carriage to head it back to Haddington estate 's .
va	I	She was not about to chase to Bob kill him .
va	I	I found myself asking , watching the googled at scenery a hundred miles per hour .
va	I	Arguing would no do good .
va	O	Something 's off -- it must be a trap .
va	O	She steadied herself on the snowy ground before slinging one foot up into the saddle and hoisting herself into her seat .
va	O	It took me a moment to realize that Sandra was holding a ball of yarn in her other hand , the one not holding the gun .
va	I	I think we need get to you inside .
va	I	This was what he was telling his boss and coworkers ... it would work for mine well as .
va	I	He was consumed by the thought that you might fall into the hands of the Lord Ice .
va	O	Though its existence and location were secretive and secluded , I ' d stumbled upon a cryptically wicked party scene .
va	I	She had seconds six of safety .
va	O	It did little to settle my nervous stomach , but I knew from experience I would regret not eating if I waited to eat until lunch .
va	O	Woods let out a whistle and shook his head .
va	O	She 'd knocked and she 'd hoped ; she 'd worn herself out hoping , and nothing .
va	I	Running her palms up and down her arms to warm herself , she knew trembling her had nothing to do with really being cold .
va	O	I looked down at the cup , trying to figure out how to eat it without a spoon .
va	I	Riley was back at the river camp by then , had been some for time .
va	I	We out hurried the door after him .
va	O	He was going to be a big boy .
va	O	But if Scott didn 't have anything to do with this , why hadn 't he gone to the meeting ?
va	O	The soldiers ran toward him and looked down the hill after the Cyclops .
va	I	He could only make guesses , but Kevin felt from the beginning very that the interests of their new acquaintance don 't match their own .
va	O	Sound of Secrets ( A Saltwater Romance ) Is he reaching out from the grave to ask her to solve the mystery of his death ?
va	O	They didn 't know exactly how to proceed since Eva 's life was at a standstill .
va	I	He that felt maybe he could have loved Rita .
va	O	I focused on the Van Gogh book tucked beneath his arm .
va	O	It would have been a wasted effort .
va	O	After enjoying a great show , they filed out and later into the Lizard to wind down a bit .
va	O	This is only our second week back , but I can already tell that this class is going to be perfect .
va	I	Security duty was actually fairly pleasant because it mostly entailed watching the beautiful scenery investigating and the occasional fauna that set off the security alarms .
va	O	He pulls me into the crowd , and I hold my breath against the panic that rises up in me .
va	I	I my heard mother ask in surprise .
va	O	Her fingertips almost itched with the raw desire to trace those muscles .
va	I	Miranda her left books on the couch and left .
va	I	When Oliver gets nervous , falls he into old habits and yes , one of those habits is being a pompous bully .
va	O	Initially she sounded skeptical , and then neutral , and then somewhat convinced .
va	I	And there was the school where Michael had studied and the playground he where and his friends had played football .
va	I	The purists were far from ; happy particularly when furtive crosses with pugs further tamed the breed .
va	I	Inquisitor had squads appeared out of nowhere and opened fire on Sergei and his men .
va	O	After slipping the envelope under Mary 's pillow she walked to the door leading to the driveway and glanced back .
va	O	I looked outside , and saw that the rain was still falling with a vengeance .
va	I	' Well , sometimes get we what we don 't deserve . '
va	O	Bull and I both had to stop when the demon reached the edge of the ravine across from where the girls were crouching .
va	I	You 've all heard about him , and here is he .
va	O	When I see you doing Tarot readings , teaching or reading charts you almost glow and I love to watch you do it .
va	I	' Maybe it 's hardly worth your while teaching me to like cook a dream . '
va	O	The man shook his head .
va	O	She considered stopping to watch the children playing , but kept going , knowing it would only dredge up memories that would make her cry .
va	O	She took a deep breath and stepped through the doorway .
va	O	Neither would I be able to bring Brianne to the Sweet Water Holiday Snowman Festival without it .
va	O	Throwing Kaz had cost her what little strength she had left , and she doubted she could walk up the six flights of stairs .
va	O	She picked a stool at the end nearest the stairs , and perched .
va	O	He seized the tunic near Tristan 's neck and ripped it away from his shoulders .
va	I	So what all was the fuss about ?
va	I	Desperately , Seldon decided he speak must .
va	O	I didn 't want to admit that I had read it , nor did I want to lie to her .
va	I	Normally the wind rushing and the mess it was making of her hair would have annoyed her .
va	I	You will leave this room , you and will think about that young woman who has been violated .
va	O	Not as stupid as you would have them .
va	O	She stomped her foot .
va	I	When the priest finished talking , my mom and I condolences offered to Trip 's parents .
va	I	By this time , the Normans were as shouting loudly as the Welsh .
va	O	He ignored me and just kept staring at everyone .
va	O	Curls sprang around his head , his hair disheveled and sexy from her fists .
va	I	Luci mom 's must have been fooling around with that guy .
va	I	After a moment he opened his eyes and turned a to dial the right .
va	O	Rigger asked her if there were any specific places she had told them about and when Chicky thought about it , it was clear what had happened .
va	O	The few who understood his far-fetched lore of Cosmic Deity decried its lack of practicality .
va	O	I was pretty much sent to her house each year for a bout of finishing school .
va	I	The side of the biggest building was covered in something , and I took in a sharp breath as remembered I what it was .
va	O	Verne took a quick picture and continued on .
va	O	I gazed up at my lover , my fiance , and slowly slid my hand up and down his length .
va	I	Isaac 's birth certificate and social his security card slid out from under the slip of paper .
va	I	A moment later the earth shattering sound boomed as cannon balls sailed through water the .
va	O	He had managed through coercion and manipulation to strip me down to my most raw , humanistic elements .
va	I	Several students turned to look at me , staring at me as though was I a beast with two heads .
va	O	She should hate Dave and maybe even hate me for who I am .
va	O	Her mouth curved seductively .
va	I	His mouth widened and roared he in pain .
va	I	I have a little bit understanding of about the appreciation thing .
va	O	Used to be a drug dealer .
va	I	I thought I heard the mouse mumbling in something the background and then realized it was the spider .
va	O	Then I remembered I might not see Adrian for a very long time .
va	I	The only thing left to do was to get the hell of out there .
va	O	I slid lower in my chair , grateful that the class had turned their attention away from me .
va	I	Alfred loosened his grip on her hair , but mouth his was stil set in a firm line .
va	I	Neat wicker decorated furniture the front porch .
va	O	It 's a familiar voice that I can 't place right away .
va	O	I work out my location when I 'm parked , and account for it in the next day 's travel .
va	O	You will never grow old , and you will always be beautiful .
va	I	His hand at my wrists tightened , pulling them me into as his finger pressed deeper .
va	O	As long as everyone was polite , the ball would be fine .
va	O	It was a clear day , and Buck enjoyed the stability Lady Dandy had in flight compared to the smaller aircraft he owned .
va	I	Meredith kicked door the shut .
va	O	With a nod and a polite smile , he turns and walks back to the car that 's purring quietly a few feet away .
va	I	He couldn let 't down his friend .
va	O	Just behind him was an oak tree .
va	O	They just blend into the sand so well .
va	O	Beauty everywhere one looks .
va	I	He probably 've would let her go , but he didn 't think that was it .
va	I	His dark eyes , once the color of melted chocolate to her , watched too her carefully , frightening in their obsessive intensity .
va	O	And if you didn 't leave , I don 't know what to say .
va	O	Hope and joy and shock .
va	O	Whoever designed bikinis with those little triangles that cover the naughty bits should be given a fucking medal .
va	O	His eyes were shut , and his cheeks flushed .
va	O	I would go crazy wondering whether he 'd turned off his phone again or he was watching the screen , refusing to talk to me .
va	O	The boy getting knocked out .
va	O	Morrigan lay cramped , filling the bubble of fluid , her hair falling around her and under her , her knees pressed against her eyes .
va	I	Melinda was in the best mood I 've ever her seen in .
va	O	There is a row of LEDs in the roof .
va	O	The red notebook slid out of the sheets and flopped to the floor .
va	I	The boy nodded and the gave Captain a sympathetic shrug .
va	I	Prue rolled eyes her .
va	O	You don 't know how many times I just wanted to knock on your door and let you know I was here for you .
va	O	I hugged Sofia and looked deep into her eyes .
va	I	His daughter was everything he 'd hoped she be 'd .
va	I	The rest of the class crawling was all over the building now .
va	I	He reached out dragged and her across the bed .
va	O	Even being close to them made my right hand tingle , as if the essences in those objects were reaching out to me .
va	I	' All at is once more your style , sir ! '
va	O	She couldn 't see Wren anymore .
va	O	I was going to drive Cain home .
va	I	Then he up turned the Birmingham rock station on the back speakers .
va	I	I mean someone me like .
va	O	Nick stirred as the wound stitched itself sealed , cleanly .
va	I	The thought had struck suddenly her .
va	I	It was so quick , so immediate , that it was like the sun was in the room a for moment or two .
va	O	These weren 't corpses .
va	I	There were hundreds them of .
va	I	He now sat comfortable in the leather seat taking time to enjoy surroundings his as the automated voice told him in which direction to head .
va	O	He ran his fingers through his feathered , blond hair , pushing it out of his eyes .
va	O	Besides , she hardly knew Aaron .
va	O	As Ryo stood and stepped back , the Elder signalled .
va	O	He never lost a battle .
va	I	Megan was trapped in room that , in everlasting pain , and it seemed like there was no escape .
va	O	My words must have pleased him because he smiled a little again .
va	I	Under the animal hide , the words masked were by the wind .
va	I	I 'd spent it all getting drunk in order to be brave enough to ' lose innocence my ' .
va	I	They were tied usually to an Alpha on one of the main continents .
va	I	Her hair waved behind her beneath a tiara he had her given that morning .
va	I	He then pulled the middle drawer open just enough to his get hand inside and grabbed the first bit of cloth he encountered .
va	I	Dean waited a before moment answering .
va	O	Our situation is special .
va	I	Without looking I back headed to the next hole .
va	O	It 's nice to meet you .
va	I	His face was drained of color , and I could see small veins black underneath his skin .
va	I	And little a shocked .
va	O	She looked down at the chocolate in the mug .
va	O	The majority were wearing the distinctive uniforms that identified their employers on sight .
va	I	She her points thumb toward the city .
va	I	Ted sat on the edge of his chair his elbows against braced his knees .
va	O	When I 'd met him his skin had reminded me of the gray of dust , but his skin didn 't look dry or harsh now .
va	O	Before she could react , he had sprinkled the four small red circles of the bite with the water .
va	O	I do not have to touch the person to read his thoughts .
va	I	There was a stir in the crowd as Moist the crossed street .
va	O	The arms and legs made small , twitching movements .
va	O	It had all been orchestrated .
va	I	As he tried to move it forward , he to began shudder .
va	O	How did she get here ?
va	O	For getting between you and Cade .
va	O	She had vomited so often that she had a strong reluctance to eat .
va	I	As we sat around the billet , I learned much about family his .
va	O	She had amazing benefits , worked with good people and made enough money to take care of her mother and still have some left over for savings .
va	O	A moan answered her question .
va	I	I had to clear throat my momentarily to draw his attention and watchfulness away from me .
va	I	It was starting to look like the whole helicopter and everything in it was devoid of any information useful .
va	I	Lawrence shook head his .
va	O	I hear Kayla stir and go to rock her .
va	O	This is just one piece of the finely printed details of the 2015 bill to contain population growth .
va	I	The Woman the Behind Man .
va	I	They 've found a man dead with his head blown off and a gun they think will have your fingerprints on the trigger .
va	I	He shook from exhaustion , from shivered cold .
va	I	Asia pushes the door shut and hear I her muffled voice through the wall .
va	O	Once safely by myself , I examined my injury .
va	O	Well , even picking a fight with Darren was preferable to the numbness of my everyday existence .
va	O	Cole crossed to the door and opened it to find Liam waiting on the other side .
va	O	Nick swallowed hard again .
va	I	And when we were finished 'd I give him a big kiss .
va	O	Like women lifting cars off babies .
va	I	The ones my on neck sent shivers that seemed out of control up my spine .
va	O	Well , now she knows , one way or the other .
va	I	I did know not how soft their hair was , or how sweet their skin smelled .
va	I	I 'd thought the overall design of the Banner was already completed , but it seemed Bentley wanted to more make modifications .
va	O	Inspecting the thing , I 'm not sure how I feel about that .
va	I	If you wait a few days we shall surely capture the castle , with and it the cart .
va	I	When we dragged our wet bodies from the pool , we discovered Peyton glaring at us with her crossed arms .
va	I	I-I didn 't know about that your mother .
va	I	If he could spare her , he would , but he wouldn 't lose any if sleep he had to kill her too .
va	I	He not 's good news .
va	I	He stashed wrapped the chicken in his gym bag .
va	O	President Shepherd is optimistic for the first time in several days .
va	O	I 'm here under false pretenses , and somewhere deep in one of the countless federal manuals there must be a violation for this .
va	I	Evidently , as Clever had said , they had all already made their way to the Fair to set their in stalls line .
va	I	She no had idea .
va	I	However , things had not gone according their to plan .
va	O	While it took him an hour to go those two blocks , he made it .
va	O	He set both hands on it and pulled with all his might .
va	O	He looked across the bay at the shoreline .
va	O	Alec felt the numbing kick as his headache started to recede .
va	I	I no have idea where we are .
va	O	Clary shivered a little , remembering Aline 's words back in Isabelle 's bedroom .
va	O	She turns her back to me and gets dressed .
va	O	His touch was slow , calculated .
va	I	But they 're threatening friends my and family now .
va	I	Like a bullet flies it into the top corner .
va	O	I smiled as I leaned over and kissed her .
va	I	Except for the initial probes south , the seemed Indonesians content to consolidate their hold on Auckland .
va	O	He lunged forward , drove his blade into the middle of the door and began pulling down .
va	I	He slid his down hands her arms , burning her skin and causing heated ripples of awareness to pool in her core .
va	O	A slight smile crept over his features as he continued to stroke the idol .
va	O	I lie back on my folded arms , staring up at the ceiling .
va	O	She reached out to stroke its muzzle .
va	O	I walked down the corridor on the landing towards the back of the building and saw one of those old lifts in a wrought-iron cage .
va	I	He 'd suspected a trap and now that fear had confirmed been .
va	I	Alec gazed Jace at with calm superiority .
va	I	Rock started dancing around the room with his hands the in air .
va	O	For a couple of moments it did not move ; it merely stood there motionless .
va	I	Hart rarely showed any effect of drink , so when he did , he was already past far inebriation .
va	I	She couldn 't have been prouder of her son if tried she .
va	I	But when knocked he on the door , he found it propped open , as if the occupants had been awaiting his arrival .
va	O	I couldn 't talk my first time and she gets to ?
va	I	Those were designated for the and care upkeep of the house and land and were paid to your guardian , Marc Dumont .
va	O	She covered her mouth with her hand as she expected the tigers to kill them both .
va	I	The words are tumbling before out I can stop them .
va	I	He knew it better than did she .
va	I	I didn 't want even to look at him .
va	I	She would next know time .
va	O	At first I moved towards the couch , I wanted to do whatever he said , but then I remembered I was working .
va	I	Michael asked , if wondering it was too soon to ask .
va	O	She 'd do anything for the happiness and security of this child , even if it meant risking her heart .
va	O	So instead , I pull myself together and go straight up into bathroom to take a shower , confusion fogging up my thoughts .
va	I	At least the light switches were where I expected them to be on wall the .
va	O	Clarence 's home was so big that our guest room was isolated in this hallway , unlike the cramped quarters back in Court 's guest housing .
va	O	And with that , he was standing up and gathering his papers .
va	I	You 't ain nothin but a big set of teeth .
va	I	You didn 't actually die you since cannot die as an immortal .
va	I	Brennan then back turned around and headed towards the doors to the roof .
va	I	So why the hell shouldn Zane 't enjoy it to the fullest ?
va	O	I choked on the lump in my throat .
va	I	He a caught trace of her flowery scent over the earthy smell of the tunnel and his pulse quickened .
va	I	The second shaped was like a DVD case .
va	I	Destiny laughed at severe his tone .
va	I	That on depended how long they had to survive out here .
va	O	And if he is guilty , it will destroy Mrs. Voss .
va	O	Mortimer suggested finally and then jumped quickly to his feet to rush around and thump her back as she began to choke on her pancake .
va	O	In the shadows the other diners weren 't being nearly so fussy .
va	O	Nash was nothing but a blur of color in the darkness .
va	I	I deny you as a child mine of !
va	I	Branches scratched his wrists as parted he the limbs and walked through .
va	I	It ´ s a of salute gratification , appreciation even .
va	I	The girl had a mouth on her ; no wonder was Chase enamored .
va	I	Oriole stole a at glance Fred , Fred raised his signature eyebrow like here it comes .
va	O	Kevin always found it easy to adopt new names , as he had been required to do so since the age of 10 .
va	I	Damn it , he erased 'd everything to and from Misty .
va	O	Some of the jars had cracked open and there were rodents and shit eating their food .
va	I	Nevertheless , rumors those existed .
va	I	Her teeth were stained red , and she spat little flecks of pink foam onto ground the around her .
va	I	All the fight that I once had left my the body second I saw my ring around his neck .
va	O	They gathered around a monitor as the data collated .
va	I	A couple of them yell at him to get and out the rest simply stare in awe .
va	I	She critically looked at the bed .
va	I	The baseball team was running laps , their T-shirts soaked sweat in , their faces red .
va	I	She 't didn even make them with her heart .
va	I	* * * Kylie spent rest the of the night mostly tossing and turning , unable to sleep .
va	I	You that know was a he .
va	I	He would begin soon , cutting off the head of beast the ; the rest of the body would die soon after .
va	O	Dagmar , as always , waited for more , but after all these years , one would think she 'd know better .
va	O	He shook his head .
va	O	The recollections were both disturbing and a turn-on .
va	I	A date far off into the future might be good , so he 'd have plenty of excuses to get with together her for brainstorming and planning .
va	I	When Joseph left , Milton had practically begged her to take job a at the main offices .
va	I	Why hadn 't been I alerted sooner ?
va	O	My nerves raced as I waited for the moment to arrive , and those same nerves were soothed with just one look from William .
va	I	Habits of men changed little , he knew , particularly when they brought success so regularly and he saw no reason to expect different Petra from .
va	I	I don 't know where he shoots them off from , but they feel like they 're going rain to down on the beach .
va	I	I didn know 't what to say , if anything , to Column .
va	I	He eyes me as if I were strange a sort of beetle , and he 's curious what I might do .
va	I	There were over throws the couches , flowers in vases , and potpourri pots everywhere .
va	I	Then , instead of sticking around for his brothers , he 'd taken for off ten long years .
va	I	What would Annie if say her da didn 't kiss her goodnight ?
va	O	I just wanted to have a claim that trumped his .
va	I	Gretchen the climbed step stool and hung her curtain .
va	I	They were smiling at each other and Kiera could almost see the between affection them .
va	I	Let them how remember fiercely I loved ; how romantically I lived -- how I was a romantic to the very end .
va	O	He knew it now .
va	O	Maybe it was some sort of instinct .
va	O	Not much ever happened in this village .
va	O	They 'll be singing songs about you .
va	I	Things hadn 't to had end this way .
va	I	Anita as shrugged if this sort of thing happened to her every day .
va	O	It seems harder to focus on keeping my thoughts to myself when I am physically tired .
va	O	I have a car waiting for you downstairs .
va	I	I didn 't really know she what was thinking , all those years ago .
va	I	It tells when the attack will happen , but not where precisely .
va	I	Similarly , a concordance of Regulatory Elements Reading and serves to strengthen the effect .
va	I	' Where he is ? '
va	O	I looked over at him and he was looking at me , too .
va	O	She and her husband visit her family every week .
va	O	He usually wasn 't able to be awake this long during the day .
va	I	She out straightened her dress , pressing her palms flat as they slid down the silky material .
va	I	The explosion shook ground the under Ted 's feet .
va	O	She looks older and paler .
va	O	My parents might finally have justice .
va	I	If heightened emotions were bringing out this ability , I just needed to learn not to let my emotions over take .
va	I	I hope it that will not set him back too much this time .
va	O	He didn 't want to fly off the handle or say something he 'd regret .
va	O	She wanted to ... She stiffened at the visions running through her mind .
va	O	' Beta ' ordered The agent did not reply .
va	I	He continued on this like for a while , saying his promises and declarations of love and other lovely things .
va	I	Jake could see only one person sitting in the car , so the goons had not commandeered vehicle the yet .
va	O	One day he sits her down for a serious talk .
va	I	He searched his pocket , half afraid the parchment had been lost in the chase , it but was still there .
va	O	Bill stood beside Chives and placed a calming hand on his shoulder .
va	I	The lead deputy announced he when got close .
va	O	Putting the knife down , he went to the door .
va	I	We also ask about family , which some causes inconsistent answers .
va	I	Harper shook her head back and forth with the same smile still plastered across face her .
va	O	He pulled her into his arms .
va	O	She had accepted me as a vampire , and then when she found out my true identity , she accepted me for being a mortal .
va	O	Maddie 's hand stretched out and she grunted in the ' I Want ' tone that Ava suspected was standard speech for toddlers .
va	O	Small closet , small bathroom .
va	I	He turned around and waited to see Atticus wave but one no was there .
va	I	I don 't know why , I what have to be freaked out about , but it 's there , trying to claw to the surface .
va	O	No friendly look was exchanged between them .
va	I	Stanley had his sights set on retirement at age 60 , a government nice pension fattened on 30 years of service .
va	O	His slow inspection head to toe of me while licking his lips should be considered disgusting even if I liked it .
va	I	Her body jerked her and thoughts fractured .
va	O	A waitress showed them to a booth .
va	I	Chan stood directly front in of her .
va	I	Tammy looked into her mother eyes 's .
va	O	Because you love me .
va	O	I want the man Chloe sanctioned to kill my father all on my own .
va	I	There was entreaty an in his voice that I could not deny .
va	O	Max had built an electromagnetic interference generator .
va	I	I retracted my hand and Pete fell to his along knees with his rifle .
va	O	He had to put it out of his mind and concentrate on doing what he had to do to survive .
va	O	We want our clients to be happy .
va	I	I wasn 't sure what I wanted to do for my internship , but now I 'm leaning family toward counseling .
va	O	Go on , the hunter whispered into my mind .
va	O	I had never met a man with a smile like that ; I would have followed him around like a puppy for that smile .
va	I	He placed it carefully next to the mechanism then the sealed watch back up .
va	I	He was his roommate in freshman his year .
va	O	He 'd been trying to wake Ashe for what seemed a very long time .
va	O	My body quivers , tears leak from my eyes , and drool slips from my mouth .
va	O	I cast a dark glare around the room .
va	O	They kept the writing secret .
va	O	I wasn 't supposed to disclose Jack 's business arrangement with Mel Brentwood .
va	O	We climb down quickly , eager to be out of the confined space .
va	O	But I sure as hell learned my lesson that night .
va	O	I nearly didn 't dare ask him .
va	O	The lads here are friends of the son of the chief merchant .
va	O	In front of her .
va	O	Suddenly it was hard to see with the way my eyes were swimming in tears .
va	O	She should have known .
va	O	I shivered a little , finally feeling the weight of my recklessness and truly understanding what a dangerous situation I 'd been in .
va	O	She settled her blue eyes on him as she turned the tables .
va	O	Fifteen minutes later , the waitress was back with Gracie 's plate .
va	O	Cassidy asked , more as a question to herself .
va	O	Tears began to stream down her pale face .
va	O	She felt the desire in him when he slipped his tongue in to tease her to instant arousal , her breaths halting , her hands seeking .
va	O	He nods but shifts from one foot to the other .
va	O	How I know she is smiling is beyond me , but it is so innocent and so real , I know she is the one .
va	O	She jumped out of bed and headed to Sam 's enormous bathroom , turning on the shower and jumping underneath the warm water .
va	O	Her rule had begun , but Isis knew the darker reality , that it was a journey already forged many moons prior .
va	O	Smoothing her hair off her forehead , I gently propped her head up and turned it so she could see outside of the circle .
va	O	Isaac shook his head .
va	O	Adani 's face broke into a grin .
va	O	Joel saw Ott taking note of what he was doing , and laughed .
va	O	I extracted the tool from my backpack .
va	O	Her attention turned to the rows of coolers ; her eyes absently searched their contents .
va	O	I had no memory of being held as though I was cherished .
va	O	Templar miniseries Fighters : 1 .
va	O	I don 't have to tell you how sensitive this is .
va	O	Chapter 8 -- Don 't Look Back ... in TIME !
va	O	With my heart in my throat , I 'd jerked back from the railing .
va	O	And then it tried to pull me in .
va	O	I prop myself into a sitting position and have both guns crossed across my chest .
va	O	I wanted so badly to impress her and to prove myself to her .
va	O	When I gave myself to the life decades ago , I knew it was for as long as I breathed .
va	O	Are there a hundred different ice cream flavours on the canteen menu ?
va	O	Ian paused and looked at the two of them , pivoted and left the room .
va	O	She looked the way a plastic bag from the grocery store looked when it only held one can of soup .
va	O	Eva , of course , was brilliant , and unfortunately not attracted to Moko in any way , but they were friends .
va	O	Or how I might be feeling when I 'm stuck at a stranger 's party all night .
va	O	Esther asked ... more for her mom 's benefit than her own .
va	O	Must find Steward Nikolas Lyons now .
va	O	I reluctantly got up off the table , put my robe back on , and followed her to my next appointment still in a sated haze .
va	O	I gently wipe away a tear that has beaded in the corner of her eye .
va	O	She wanted him to make love to her again and help her forget the world and all the awful things waiting for her .
va	O	We had been the last passengers to board ; another three minutes , and we would have lost our chance to escape .
va	O	Tammy called out , he was holding on to her so tight she could see her hand go blue from the pressure .
va	O	It is likely that she had the assistance of a warlock in her disappearance .
va	O	( laughs ) It was all a gas .
va	O	We should really get out of here .
va	O	Maybe whoever it was didn 't mean me .
va	O	He looked up and wiped his wrist over his chin , then hit the bag again .
va	O	What in the world was a berserker and what was the part about no humans being around ?
va	O	He considered it for a moment then held out his hand , imagining a large syringe with a heavy gauge needle there .
va	O	In the moments that elapsed , I felt the weight of Tim 's prognosis hanging over both of us .
va	O	He gulped and rushed to hide .
va	O	He was black and beautiful - barefoot , shirtless and hairless , a large dead bird slung over his bare black shoulder .
va	O	His daughter would be the greatest queen , but why would his first born not take the throne after him .
va	O	Grace shook her head .
va	O	After a long time -- I 'm talking hours here , maybe ten hours , I couldn 't tell exactly -- Sally came back .
va	O	He sighed and shook his head .
va	O	Tell me the truth .
va	O	Once he stopped for a loud jest with someone who had come out of another room .
va	O	I could see in her eyes that she would miss me as much as I 'd miss her .
va	O	She could feel herself softening toward him , weakening .
va	O	Then , to Bax 's horror , Americus let go with one of his hands .
va	O	His hand felt like it had become part of the staff .
va	O	She heaved her bucket out of the well and turned to walk away .
va	O	I stared down at her glowing red eyes and sharp teeth that were definitely inhuman .
va	O	So what do I do ?
va	O	A deep self awareness compressed in the small fraction of a surreal illumination .
va	O	I took a big bite and then another .
va	O	Day Three Creole Myers : Whose paintings in the room off the den ?
va	O	And so here I was sitting at a table in the university library , waiting on Mr. Perfect .
va	O	A mixture of adrenaline and fear had propelled the drunken Sheriff to leap into the air and strike the beast with all of his strength .
va	O	My father speculated that if that really did happen , then Ricky chose Monette because fewer people would know him there .
va	O	Cats were programmed to be something that both George and Martha disliked .
va	O	Without conscious thought she latched onto that .
va	O	Well , Ok , that made sense .
va	O	Link raised his hands in surrender .
va	O	The last time he did this he had sent shivers up her spine and she didn 't think she could handle that again .
va	O	A loud groan vibrated on the skin of her earlobe .
va	O	The light blanket had been kicked partway off onto the carpet .
va	O	Goodness gracious , she wasn 't some green girl on her first carriage ride .
va	O	Right up until he started moving like greased lightning or ripping heads off people .
va	O	He looked startled by his daughter 's words , but he backed away , taking position on the very edge of the seat .
va	O	You mean us ? '
va	O	She forces a smile .
va	O	Ellie reached out her hand and saw a look of fright cross the girl 's face .
va	O	There won 't be anybody else out here I think , since this is off the main canoe routes .
va	O	Seal yourself inside one of the lifeboats .
va	O	The guard at the gate all but laughed when I told him I was going to visit my friend Nick .
va	O	Garth finished the sandwich , he looked down and pointed to the last sandwich left .
va	O	That was not her imagination .
va	O	I agreed , but you have to believe me , Quinn , I cared nothing about the bet .
va	O	Abbey stopped fixing the child 's hot dog in time to see her throw up all over the table .
va	O	How many times had I driven this same route over the years ?
va	O	But it 's not the sort of thing you talk about .
va	O	Time slips away , I lay down on the ground , like a lonely soldier , resting my eyes to prepare myself for whatever comes next .
va	O	He just stood there being awkwardly compressed by strangers for several seconds .
va	O	Inside , too , in his throat and chest and stomach .
va	O	He sipped his wine , watching as she twirled her fork over and over again through the long strands of pasta still on her plate .
va	O	I took a step toward him .
va	O	The man wore black clothing to match his dark eyes , which crinkled at the corners .
va	O	Thank you for delivering Prison Supplies .
va	O	Gone was the tacky outdoor café with the striped lawn type chairs .
va	O	She still had a good buzz going from the palm wine .
va	O	Then I see the note and he 's gone to see the cops .
va	O	And why did that strange guy have a dead cat under his nose ? '
va	O	I kept trying to slip them 20s to zap the kid , but they weren 't going for it .
va	O	Older even than Doctor Sam .
te	O	There , on the bow of the Pamela , stood once crisp , now soaked white uniformed men , coffee cups still in hand .
te	I	It made her think of clear waters flowing over stones smooth .
te	O	He was interrupted by a knock at the door .
te	I	As he approached the entrance to the toilets , automatic the sensor detected his presence and the doors slid open .
te	O	Tavi 's vision blurred over , and the tears seemed to magnify the pain bursting through his chest .
te	O	If you can 't stand people you have a crush on being in love with someone else then you have no business trying to help them .
te	O	And I was not above turning this around and using it against Grayson if he wouldn 't leave me alone .
te	I	The falling ash slowed , not coming down as as heavily before and the fire still remained mainly on the mountain .
te	I	She bit her lip , not clearly happy with talking to him .
te	I	He pulled again back .
te	O	His navy blue shorts had splashes of black flowers all over them .
te	O	Oakes lay on his back on a brown woven mat .
te	O	Never do it , and you 're missing something .
te	I	And look , she buttoned 'd her negligee .
te	I	More used to starvation than nourishment , stomach his cramped viciously in reaction to the first bite of food .
te	O	He finally collapsed on her back , laying several light kisses on her neck , and she delighted in the feel of his weight on her .
te	I	There was silence except for the of slap the waves .
te	O	I smiled again , trying to lighten his mood .
te	O	He was the more soft-spoken of all of them .
te	I	Dressed in a black bomber jacket and jeans , he had a cool machismo every that boy tried to emulate , and every girl lusted after .
te	O	Victoria had a vivid imagination .
te	I	Len as looked though he had heard the wrong words .
te	I	The lobby was but small well-maintained with polished floor tiles , a potted plant , and an imitation leather sofa .
te	I	He sighed as the if thought pained him .
te	I	His eyes tightened a little at corners the .
te	O	I see the boat running back and forth carrying long planks of wood .
te	O	Now ... now I knew I was wrong .
te	O	And transport ships were at least a muted shade of gray or some other metallic color .
te	O	There was greenery below .
te	O	Magnus waited for the Circle to return .
te	O	It could have been anyone in this room .
te	I	She slips her arm through mine , herself hugging close to me as we walk .
te	I	No one let us you know were in Huntsville .
te	I	Ari 't wouldn be throwing her over on that issue .
te	O	Have a great summer might work for acquaintances , but true friends required something more original .
te	I	I turned her toward and gave her one of my best smiles .
te	O	Jimmy crawled even closer to her , across the floorboards .
te	O	Armand sank down into the leather visitor chair .
te	I	The blue from illumination the dagger quickens through the man 's body .
te	I	Slowly Nick stood and took bottle the of juice .
te	O	She hummed along until she learned enough words to join in , receiving startled looks from those around her .
te	O	I wasn 't exaggerating in the least in my description of his snoring .
te	O	As a teenager , Russell had once asked him why his father never painted anything modern .
te	I	Instead of compelling animals , you had to make suggestions that could they either heed or disregard .
te	O	One copy of the birth certificate , along with a letter from an imaginary clergyman , later , and Grahame possessed a passport and an identity .
te	O	I touched my chest where there was no more pain and gasped .
te	O	He unlocked the front door and opened it to step out onto the porch .
te	I	I don 't lie to her cause she 's done never anything to me to deserve my lies .
te	O	The sheaf of music paper spilled to the floor .
te	O	We don 't need our family to live .
te	O	I unzipped my tent and squinted my eyes at the bright light of the sun .
te	O	Mike peered between the small slits of his sleep deprived eyes .
te	I	The quivered coils , swaying from side to side .
te	I	In time , we our made way to the spot where those first six paintings had once been displayed .
te	I	Killian out burst laughing .
te	I	His tongue was dry and slightly rasping , like a cat minute 's tongue , and Boy 412 would laugh .
te	O	They had 1,000 new questions they wanted to ask him .
te	O	Isha greeted Constance with a cordial bow which always tickled Lina 's mother .
te	I	A stab of pain punctured my heart as glared Will at his father .
te	I	How long were ago you shown the picture of me ?
te	O	The streets were almost entirely covered in plant material .
te	O	A couple of hours later Bob is fighting with laser swords against Darth Vader .
te	O	When I saw what it was I couldn 't help shrieking again , shocked like mad .
te	I	Sonia took in a breath deep and then opened her mouth to speak .
te	O	I know you cannot wear Aurelius ' ring while you work , but you can wear this tonight when we go out .
te	I	Thinking back to the ordeal , it was amazing quite that they had managed to get out of the area alive .
te	O	He clasped Darius 's arms just above the elbows in the formal greeting of one warrior to another .
te	I	Luke pulled out a letter opened and it .
te	O	Her glorious legs immediately captured his attention .
te	O	An employee booked most of the guests for the resort ranch off of something called the internet .
te	O	' Yes Uncle , would do for a start . '
te	O	If we can find proof , we 'll have leverage against him .
te	O	But there was nothing on the shore as far as he could see .
te	I	When at I last entered the shade of those wide-spread branches , a strange sort of warm glowing peace came over me and erased my trepidation .
te	O	I went all round that house tonight and didn 't see any sign of Damion , Gary or Aga .
te	O	His smile was tinged with sadness .
te	O	Goodnight , and thank you again for a very pleasurable evening .
te	O	Rio slid his fingers over her arm .
te	O	He stares at me and continues to stroke the hair on the side of my head with his fingers .
te	O	My blood pressure skyrockets , my face turns red and I begin to sweat .
te	I	Heath cleared throat his .
te	O	She could feel things shifting inside the dripping clothes .
te	I	He thrust a key into the trunk 's and lock opened it .
te	O	Why slice herself when the pup was still with her ?
te	I	They would forever have .
te	O	At last the room fell silent .
te	O	I shake my head .
te	O	He could not let fear beat him .
te	O	He was even graceful doing that , Clary thought gloomily .
te	O	I blink across at her .
te	I	Busted , the students would shake their heads realizing that they had just netted zero a in conduct for the day .
te	O	In less than a week , I 'd stolen the life from three men .
te	I	The ship must impacted have the surface of the planet on a tilt .
te	I	She hugged him in the aftermath as he collapsed on top her of .
te	O	I was riding the wrong way , heading downtown .
te	I	Sarah ate and dressed quickly , gathering up the supplies she need would .
te	O	He didn 't need to be that thorough , but he was .
te	O	' I don 't know .
te	O	Jude balanced the boxes against his car while he fished in his pocket for the keys .
te	I	A voice male answered , and Alisa started speaking flatly .
te	I	It about 's you .
te	I	If all things now ended , McKie wondered , which of them would be the last to go ?
te	I	He was to up no good , and he gave her the creeps .
te	O	He should be making the most of them .
te	O	The sweet pulp made his stomach rumble with a demanding need .
te	O	Sage hung in the air while the oven brought over wafts of cinnamon and nutmeg .
te	I	Her thighs begin to shake I as use my fingers and hand to control the pace .
te	I	It drove back him down the alley to the wall at its end .
te	O	Lighting fell like rain from the orange sky .
te	I	Tick reached into his pocket pulled and out the short metal message tube Master George had given him earlier .
te	I	There are a couple hours of of light .
te	I	No 's it not .
te	I	And I 'd never the be same .
te	O	Amory handed me the torch and lowered himself over the edge and onto the ladder .
te	O	Opening them slowly , she peered down into them as if she really had something there , and giggled secretly .
te	I	He was the man was who leading this group .
te	O	She looked towards the tall Elizabethan tower peeking out from behind smaller buildings .
te	O	I hang up and pocket my phone with a smile .
te	O	Eyes appear in the wall followed by shimmering faces .
te	O	They looked like a couple of lovebirds on a night on the town , annoyed at being trapped by the paparazzi .
te	O	She was taken off one night and never seen again .
te	I	There had a been time once , immediately after his wife had died , when he would not have minded the abrupt summons back to duty .
te	O	Not for familiarity , I am sure .
te	I	Not to mention raise a 's man temperature a few hundred degrees .
te	I	He got to his feet and took several steps through a minefield of angry pink birds , each of them glowering at through him mad pink eyes .
te	I	She was too preoccupied with flabbergasted being .
te	I	The details were but sketchy that was seemingly because the thief had done such a good job .
te	O	The tender give-and-take of their kiss , however , was a hard-won gift , one she would never take for granted .
te	I	I slouch back in the and sofa cross my arms over my chest .
te	O	That told me right then he hadn 't been reading any of the books I 'd loaned him .
te	I	Louisa his perused college transcripts .
te	I	But Turnbull couldn 't manage to fit everyone it into .
te	O	We heal people , and it should be glamorous ; we should feel like heroes .
te	I	The thought makes stomach my squirm .
te	I	She 'd already the made decision to sacrifice her job .
te	I	Even by their family standards was that pretty lame .
te	O	I felt ashamed of myself for the way I had treated him when I had arrived at the hospital .
te	I	She moaned , and we rolled around in the grass , touching and exploring each other bodies 's .
te	I	Since I don 't care , 's it amusing rather than upsetting to imagine the arguments going on back in 13 .
te	O	Cameron lifted a flask to Ainsley 's lips , the metal cool , and the burn of whiskey trickled inside her mouth .
te	I	In fact , 's it forcing me to give a lot more credence to Dirk 's words than I ever really wanted to .
te	I	A large thing running like a only person hunched over .
te	O	So I told Martin about Jimmy and Susu , and Jimmy 's little quirk .
te	O	Leaving her with no other excuses to avoid the rest of her discussion with her husband .
te	I	It was having people take advantage of you because you didn have 't the power to force them to be fair and courteous .
te	I	He denied it , and again again , but my mother knew .
te	O	He turned on the tape recorder and asked Stephanie to begin by telling how she discovered the canvas .
te	O	None of them had believed the women should be allowed to fight when they didn 't have the edge the males had .
te	I	That is how I shall start ... this Darn day very much .
te	O	All the fish dived into the water and stopped jumping .
te	O	He kicked his leg over , kneeling beside me .
te	O	But of course it didn 't work .
te	O	I think under those circumstances she might give me a chance .
te	O	Hiker 's canyon was fifty feet .
te	I	I to had get it out .
te	O	Vane went cold at his words .
te	I	After putting all the family gifts quietly under the tree , he for headed home .
te	O	She could only do that if he wasn 't trying to influence her .
te	O	I wake to the sound of the door opening , and once again the light is blinding to my sensitive eyes .
te	O	Don 't you know how beautiful you are ?
te	O	Emma threw me a pair of gloves and I slipped them on .
te	O	Surely he knows her name .
te	O	But he wouldn 't succumb .
te	O	Dylan yelled as fear froze his own blood .
te	O	Vlad 's son , Mikhail , had , centuries since , taken over guiding their people .
te	I	She the wipes top and passes the bottle on to me .
te	I	The had were saved her life only to kill her later .
te	O	Cool silk slid over her heated skin .
te	O	His throat closed up so tight he could have sworn he tasted the smoke .
te	O	Fine lady , works at the nursing homes .
te	I	Evie wasn 't sure if this was done in the line of duty or they 'd been out drinking fell and over .
te	O	Then she stood back to savor her handiwork .
te	O	Cool air greeted me inside the narrow building .
te	I	Not even Dragos and his evil would keep her from reuniting her with son .
te	O	I 'm pretty sure the shock was evident on my face ; it usually is .
te	I	My reached hand out and touched her shoulder , she flinched , but she didn 't deny my contact .
te	O	The restaurant staff had obviously been drinking the Anton water and was thirsty for more .
te	I	Yves wrenched his attention back to Mme de Chartres , wondering how anyone young so and of such questionable birth could be so arrogant .
te	I	How far would I him let go ?
te	I	A main place of stockpile for the of Canton Resource .
te	I	She quickly slid the omelet onto a plate and laid on it the table .
te	I	I felt like time my here was getting short .
te	O	As painful as it is , I have to accept the fact that he doesn 't want to be a part of my life .
te	I	Mary Ellen and Randall were both his by side .
te	I	At least , she didn think 't it did .
te	O	This was called an execution position .
te	I	If was this true , I was downright pissed .
te	O	Mia should be conscious for the whole time and drugs would just reduce her value and her pain .
te	O	May I ask one more question ?
te	O	The wedding took place two weeks later , in the Calvary Chapel church where Leslie and Oliver were to have been married .
te	O	Paige reached out to grab Danni 's arm .
te	O	The roots were beckoning .
te	O	He was going in to town for paint or whatever .
te	I	I sent my magical senses into the ground , seeking water the throughout village .
te	O	Her backers are too cowardly to intervene .
te	I	He was in a lot of pain as he realized he was in bed his at home and a few people were looking over him .
te	I	I 'm not good kids with .
te	I	It was to nice hear that he hadn 't forgotten , and he wanted to see her still .
te	O	She would phone her sister when she got home .
te	I	And thinking that he likely would ( not to the former ) and definitely would ( to the latter ) .
te	O	Of course he did , but hearing him admit it rekindled the steam of their raw goodbye .
te	O	How was I supposed to know a man would know that much about women and sex ?
te	O	* Claire hurriedly applied blush to her cheeks .
te	O	I 've been disrupting Asturian scheming for a long time , and I intend to continue .
te	O	Vin glanced to the side , noting the bit of metal that Zane was Pulling against to hold himself stationary .
te	I	Maia felt the tight knot around her heart slightly loosen with relief .
te	O	I couldn 't even contemplate that .
te	O	She stroked Maria 's hair and pulled a stray lock away from her face , tucking it behind her ear .
te	O	Billy cooked up hearty camp food : steaks , potatoes , beans and his specialty peach cobbler .
te	O	He leaned his hands on the desk and looked down at her .
te	I	Jess smirked at him and walked up the path toward the cabin , waving at one of the crouched guards high in the cliffs overlooking the property .
te	I	I have an idea but have no idea how we can pull off it .
te	O	She also didn 't watch television much .
te	I	My voice sharp sliced through the air .
te	O	I blanketed his mind with my magic , allowing it to completely envelope .
te	O	I wiped the water from my eyes and slowly wobbled my way up to my knees .
te	O	Tyler was visibly aggravated .
te	O	Half of them fell out on the floor and she bent down and gathered them up , stuffing them back in .
te	O	Witnesses claim an individual approached Brown and three of his acquaintances before reportedly pulling a pistol and shooting Brown in the chest .
te	O	He decided to go see if there was a river .
te	I	My father is the official CEO the of company .
te	I	The fixed tiger her gaze with his crazed red one .
te	I	Her satchel was on the floor in of front Hector .
te	I	It clicked shut and she set the lizard on his shoulder , from which perch it peered at him with a single eye golden .
te	I	He was an open book , and right now every page was etched with word the ' sex ' .
te	O	Why would this give him reason to be otherwise ?
te	I	I lifted my through leg the doorway .
te	O	They didn 't live with death as a constant companion , a cold breath down the back of their neck on even the most ordinary days .
te	I	Hugo beamed brighter a than neon tube receiving a lifetime achievement award .
te	I	Driven by instinct desperate , I reach towards two patches of purple and orange light .
te	O	Pounding on the front door had stopped him .
te	I	Overhead , the sky filled with bats , moving fast through the canopy , an ominous cloud black , dark portents of things to come .
te	I	There was else nothing for him to do .
te	I	Immortal warriors in the service of Artemis , they protected mankind from the that things would prey on them .
te	I	Dad his inclined head .
te	I	We had gone through the King 's Curse and enough battles together to prove physical that pain affected us both .
te	O	Ula shrugged and settled into her chair .
te	I	In the months to come , she fully expected everything turn to out to her satisfaction with Hunter and Nick as well .
te	O	Not some imaginary enchanted illusion .
te	O	He has a ton of friends , but he doesn 't realize how much people like him .
te	O	I have no idea what 's going on inside his head .
te	O	So I went with a drawn-out sigh .
te	O	The fury that had been building since the afternoon exploded .
te	I	He stroked 's Robert head with the kind affection from years of treatment and friendship .
te	O	Was this another day ?
te	O	Again he went to the door to examine his discoveries .
te	I	With him so staring hard into my eyes , I couldn 't lie and besides , I was too drunk to make up a name .
te	I	Readers liked to meet favorite their authors .
te	O	There had been reports every day that the Army of Mexico was not far off .
te	O	Even Chad hardly hears from him .
te	I	It felt unnaturally hot , a was fever taking hold .
te	O	The story about Brandon is more than enough to spring on Ethan right now .
te	I	By lunchtime , they contacted had a third of the people on the list .
te	O	Jon shook his head , hopelessly this time , as if she was asking the impossible .
te	I	I couldn 't remember what 'd he said last .
te	I	I wasn 't really sure why dressed I in black but people did it in movies and I look good in it .
te	O	His mind clicked onto hers , his body going numb with the cold that suffused him as her terror pounded into him .
te	O	In that moment , it felt okay to just slip away even if it was forever .
te	I	His moved tongue over my mouth with heady slowness , exotic and consuming .
te	I	I calling 'm the base .
te	I	Scott nothing much was missing from the house , possibly at nothing all , other than the people .
te	O	She 'd been a junior when he 'd met her in Las Vegas .
te	I	Zane said , his voice rising little a toward the end .
te	O	Killed him in the doin ' of it , too .
te	I	Send an me email when you 're back at work , please , and keep in touch .
te	O	The law states it has to be a full five minutes .
te	I	Nothing in good this world .
te	I	But they go anything after they find .
te	O	He was enjoying just walking , although his fangs were aching again .
te	I	Other than their own kind , no one could them tell apart .
te	O	The shimmering shields slammed home into armored abdomens with a neat and resounding thud .
te	O	There , still dark pink against his skin , were the scars left from my second bite .
te	O	The hospice nurse was here today .
te	O	Joey broke the hold just before Grant reached five , the number at which Joey could be disqualified .
te	I	She hadn 't been up and out of bed yet either , but nodded Cole .
te	I	She hopped off his lap and wiggled her hands , a doing cute little dance .
te	I	A steady pumping of his followed hips , and I managed to lick , suck , and take him deep each time .
te	O	A million thoughts ran through my numb brain and none of them was worth a damn .
te	I	As the trail completely disappeared , Thor found himself walking on and gravel rock .
te	O	What would they do if neither route was open to them ?
te	O	She climbed over the gearshift , into the passenger seat , while Hunter fired at the vampires .
te	I	And my has trust been lost .
te	I	I old wish Gandalf was here or somebody .
te	I	And a host of new suspicions , too , realized he .
te	O	She saw the window first .
te	I	Ward was disturbed the by bandit 's interest in his daughter .
te	O	They both nodded , so Eve pulled out three and kicked the door closed .
te	I	I could see the weight everything of settling on her .
te	O	Some who stayed changed sides and joined the Royalists .
te	I	Vincent aimed the gun him at .
te	O	When Melisa was drunk or hungover , her fuse was as short as a matchstick .
te	O	They ought to eat , he thought .
te	I	' Now I 've everything seen . '
te	I	I didn 't have even time to think .
te	I	He didn 't have time wait to .
te	I	Once it arrived , I settled into the back of the with cab her curled up on my lap .
te	I	Noticing a telltale in bulge a zippered pocket on her side , he removed a keycard and a small set of keys .
te	I	She decided make to lasagna , figuring it would be straightforward .
te	O	Louisa 's eyes widened , then she was up and off the sofa .
te	O	Gray closed the door with the barest click of the lock engaging .
te	O	Except it hadn 't been his call to make .
te	I	Okay , I the knew stats .
te	O	She wasn 't blind to evil .
te	I	He would never allow himself to be Garcia place in the same category .
te	O	I completely forgot about the meeting .
te	I	I ignored almost the call .
te	I	The muscle in ticking Jake 's jaw told me he was pissed .
te	I	He pulled on dressing a robe and we ran directly to the Hawk 's cabin at the bottom of the fields .
te	I	Nor did it belong to any of the staff members who looked after the villas who or worked in the main resort complex one beach over .
te	I	Dean his banged head back against the fireplace .
te	O	' I hope you aren 't going through the contents of Grimshaw 's desk . '
te	I	James ready was to do some damage .
te	O	The End Chapter 1 So this was North Dakota .
te	I	They never 've been parents .
te	I	She 'd spiked her hair up little a and put on makeup , making her eyes pop .
te	I	All the rage and pain over his wife 's murder now surfaced .
te	I	I back arrived early at the apartment .
te	I	Evie took one of Peter cold 's , clammy , trembling hands and held it tight .
te	I	Maybe it was just because I hadn eaten 't in almost two days .
te	O	She felt the hairs on the back of her neck stand as she stretched her neck up anticipating his warm soft lips touching her .
te	O	But she had to admit Max brought a part of her back to life that had been dying .
te	I	Was it you , Gandalf , or Saruman that we last saw night ? '
te	I	One of family my 's secrets is how to disappear from sight .
te	I	I 'd been to Megan 's studio dozens of times and managed still to be amazed at what she could do with five hundred square feet .
te	O	Chapter 36 It wasn 't too long after father 's visit that mother also paid me a call - figuratively speaking , of course .
te	O	The growl and even the way he sniffed at the air reminded her of Lucas .
te	I	Matt Becky held in his arms .
te	O	Nan let out a hard laugh .
te	O	Mary sighed as she crossed to the full-length windows that overlooked the countryside .
te	I	What had I myself gotten into ?
te	I	Duncan his rolled eyes .
te	I	A small bird flushed off to the left , and immediately Edna froze before imitating a bird call that caused Jeremy to likewise freeze .
te	I	She stepped the into elevator first , and he followed .
te	I	You hurt a of lot people .
te	O	Danny must have resorted to scare tactics .
te	O	This idea of settling down with a quiet little Glory girl might not be such a good idea , after all .
te	O	And although she hadn 't been considering a relationship with anyone a few weeks ago , she wasn 't ready to give up on this one yet .
te	I	She tightened her on grip the steering wheel .
te	I	She enjoyed the expression on his face as spun he around , looking for what had grabbed it .
te	O	Rover held her look and seemed to be thoroughly chastised .
te	O	Olivia 's mom walks back into the room slowly , her eyes on Robin .
te	O	She pivoted slightly and lowered him into his wheelchair .
te	I	Really , could I .
te	I	Will started to climb over the back of his chair ; tugged Jem him back into his seat with main force , hissing under his breath .
te	O	I don 't want to think of where the blood came from .
te	O	And then they both howled with laughter .
te	I	It was so from different the emotionless mask she wore on stage .
te	I	It was no mistake found you me when you did and it 's no mistake we 're standing together right now .
te	I	Telling herself there was nothing to fear , hurried she onward .
te	I	I clapped my hands three times and he the hiked ball .
te	O	Very wicked of him , but it had been worth it .
te	I	They are naturally drawn and to sense magic , such as your wards .
te	O	I was lenient then , gentle and forgiving of your crimes .
te	I	In fact , in hindsight , they probably saw the unborn child she carried as a kill bonus .
te	O	This brought a familiar chill to my body .
te	I	Dylan noticed she was glaring more intensely than usual that and her normally impeccably dressed hair was slightly tousled .
te	I	' Isn 't it always same the ? '
te	I	The pooch covers more of the woman than her clothes new .
te	O	This was just another step .
te	I	At this least time , it 's a choice , though .
te	I	There were monsters in world the .
te	I	Yet , how I could not ?
te	I	It was identical in appearance to its sibling vanished .
te	I	That will totally ding my morals and it makes me to want hang Marshall instead .
te	I	Finan his opened mouth but was obliged to close it again and swallow twice before he could reply .
te	I	She genuinely seemed excited and at least she was cheering for the right team .
te	O	Josef gave a little shudder .
te	I	Xavier nodded and she tossed her and head leaned forward and kissed him on the lips .
te	I	He should have taken more care with her , as small and fragile and as inexperienced she was .
te	I	He 't didn answer .
te	I	Hill and the other tractor driver hid rides their deep in the grove .
te	I	In any case , can we use this ink to recreate the words upon his page .
te	I	She had to know this who was .
te	O	He looked up from the floor and glanced at exhibit one , the faded exercise book I was holding .
te	I	There was a knock on the door and a servant entered , a carrying tray .
te	O	Besides , she was literally bursting to relate the story to someone less matter-of-fact than the Professor .
te	I	She poked and him he grinned .
te	I	She 'd probably been raised on bubble gum rainbows and .
te	O	But it wasn 't that simple .
te	I	Everything smooth was until we hit the atmosphere .
te	O	She was wearing a simple black robe with a hood , and her vibrant red hair stood out in stark contrast .
te	I	Actually , though , Nell still had the power to haunt dreams my .
te	I	I didn just 't expect him to knife me from behind .
te	I	He missed his with train me .
te	I	Aunt tightened grip her .
te	O	Drawing up behind the wagon , tied to the back by its reins , was Joanna 's horse , apparently rescued -- or scavenged ?
te	O	Can you meet me in my suite -- 5.30 p.m. ?
te	O	She felt so much better .
te	O	Finally , Chris spoke plain English and included her in their little conversation .
te	O	Of course , he already knew about it , but having it mentioned just revived his disapproval .
te	O	His hand cupped my nape and gripped me gently , tipping my head back so I was looking him directly in the eye .
te	I	Donny two took slow steps out onto the roof and stood still staring at the large delta wing in bewilderment .
te	O	His plan had worked .
te	O	If he comes back .
te	O	He wanted to jab a fist into Malone 's face .
te	I	Max shifted in chair his .
te	I	I can see in it his eyes .
te	I	She had always as acted though she was jealous of her .
te	I	I winced and shrugged then .
te	I	Family got there first , and for maybe the first time ever , my mother didn 't stress me out .
te	O	My mind is swimming with a million questions .
te	I	And I spent 've my entire existence knowing the worth of my beauty and my gift .
te	O	They drove away and he turned back to watch Abbey until security arrived .
te	O	Maybe he thought we were close .
te	I	Despite Andrew and the others locking down Sanctuary and warning others the , a crippling fear for all my children and my family grips my heart .
te	I	Summer crossed to the phone picked and it up .
te	O	By all the death that gives me power , I take your power from you .
te	I	If she thought about it enough hard , wanted to hard enough .
te	I	I to wanted do the same .
te	O	The wine steward came up to their table and Sal immediately ordered a bottle of 1957 wine .
te	I	She was my polar in opposite personality , and the only people who knew it were our family .
te	I	Douglas was pleased to hear again it just as he was distressed it had stopped and all the reasons why .
te	O	It was rags , and they both knew it .
te	O	I am his cousin .
te	I	It had been a frenzied and terrifying day , and hoped I the drink would help mellow us out .
te	O	She wouldn 't do it to him .
te	I	I that thought was a good policy .
te	I	Not a single word passed between them while the took women seats across from one another at the eating table .
te	I	I was flicking through images the on screen .
te	I	I am out of my before room I can evaluate why I want to follow them .
te	I	Since my eyes blue are and green , my mother thought it was pointing at something .
te	O	I nodded , swallowing thickly .
te	I	He assumed had nothing , thought of nothing , worried about nothing .
te	I	You just got ta keep it for together a bit longer .
te	O	I was beginning to get used to his compact sentences and the cadence of his accent .
te	O	He was then waved impatiently away and scuttled off gratefully , his shift nearly over .
te	O	Sava himself spent much of the meal on his implanted phone .
te	I	They showed up here the with sheriff .
te	I	The last time I her saw , those blue eyes were clouded and weighted .
te	O	My fingers brushed something hard .
te	O	An icy stone settled in the pit of my stomach , and I turned back to the guards .
te	I	His eyes closed ; he didn 't make any moves further .
te	I	I was bubbling with news the from the night before .
te	O	In the meantime , he had work to do .
te	I	We both a took first bite , and sat back with probably mirrored expressions of satisfaction .
te	I	I 'll Pete teach to get into fights at school !
te	O	The smartest and easiest of all alarms was a tiny bell hooked in place to tinkle a warning .
te	O	He couldn 't believe it was enough to put fire in Vittorio 's eyes .
te	O	The entire Convention cracked up at Paul 's joke .
te	I	He went down to the cargo to area watch the loading .
te	O	Nash grabbed a burger from the line and passed Brandon .
te	O	Not that it should matter to me what he wants to see Taryn do .
te	O	I was being ridiculous .
te	O	With those words he walked out and let the thick oak doors slam shut .
te	I	First Tribune uneasily shifted in his chair .
te	I	Green and yellow images danced across her field of vision ; prisoners behind eyelids her .
te	O	He looked worn , like he 'd been up for days .
te	I	He shakes his head at else whatever he learned .
te	I	I knew Seth had returned , and for the second time that I night wished he 'd leave me alone .
te	O	He left the room , then came back with a lit candle and placed it on the dresser .
te	O	He was coming up on the other side of the building ; he must have guessed where she was hiding .
te	I	Sensation shoots through me and where lands he 's buried within me .
te	I	Engage the alarm before leave you .
te	I	The bigger man again spoke , softening his voice .
te	I	You have a that power most high noblemen envy .
te	O	The corners of her eyes crinkle as she giggles .
te	O	Taking up residence there was the best way to ensure her safety but she planned on figuring out a way to live on her own .
te	I	She is bitter cold , colder she than has been on any given winter day .
te	I	Cheyenne 't didn want to be reminded of that .
te	O	He was elemental and raw , and the hard length of his body pressed against me , demanding attention .
te	O	So , does this mean she can also blow up ?
te	I	She not 's property to us .
te	O	My eyes became blurry and the doc 's next words seemed to reach me through a thick fog .
te	I	The first box was filled with miscellaneous instruction and manuals material safety data sheets .
te	I	Amy had missed Little Spirit 's first showcase gig where Katherine had met Richard and his Grace niece .
te	O	I can 't help but smile when I look at the thing .
te	O	And later he 'd figure out how to tell her the truth without ripping her heart and trust to shreds .
te	I	He looked like dazed a fighter anxious for more combat .
te	O	He stopped talking and sat down next to me without looking me in the eye .
te	I	I needed to home go .
te	O	How could she have ever blamed him ?
te	O	He shook my hand .
te	O	The dense branch ceiling overhead reverberated with a symphony of monkeys , macaws and heaven only knew how many more animals .
te	O	No , he was right .
te	O	But more than that , she was feisty , with that smart mouth firing off innuendo with every word .
te	O	I pressed , wanting as many details as possible .
te	O	The satisfaction of ripping him apart even for just a second would be worth it .
te	I	What good would it do Jake to have in her Balmoral ?
te	O	The letter came back to mind and I felt that panic swallow me whole .
te	I	He 'd been looking forward to helping her plant a new flower garden near back the of the house .
te	O	Her face had taken on this glow that none of us understood .
te	O	Crawling into bed , she pulled the covers to her chin and stared up at the ceiling .
te	I	Apparently , they 't weren as brave as my hands .
te	I	What I have done wrong ? '
te	I	It mocked her for all her and hopes confidence .
te	I	If she called in the order ahead of time she wouldn be 't gone but a few minutes .
te	O	She grasped his shirt and held on , reveling in the taste and scent she 'd missed so badly .
te	O	He remained at my side , though standing , his arms folded over his chest in an intimidating posture that was rife with antagonism .
te	I	The sky still was bright and blue .
te	I	Mina saw the reefs realized and they were near an island .
te	O	' I 'll see you later , Sara , ' I said , uncertain why I was a little afraid to get in the car with Serena .
te	I	I hear a then thump footsteps moving through the light in my direction .
te	I	Monty held ground his .
te	O	Let 's say , as an example , I want a new motorcar .
te	O	That was one thing Kim stressed ; we need to look the part , making people want to be cool like us .
te	O	It fit perfectly , yet was not especially comfortable .
te	I	He 'd do for anything her .
te	I	For one heartbeat the image of his father seemed to loom closer , tall and terrible , a father seen through eyes the of childhood .
te	O	Nothing was impossible , if they just remained true .
te	O	She flipped her hair out to the side .
te	I	One day we may have to leave behind you .
te	I	You have the same tone in voice your when you speak .
te	I	I could be better at projecting into myself the future .
te	O	Dee 's and Ash 's voices echoed from another room .
te	O	I hear her familiar footfalls and I wish so badly that she tried to help me , just once .
te	O	' It seems that I 've found the right man , then , ' he said , trying to smile .
te	I	Nora takes a test sip and turns away , her covering mouth .
te	I	For a moment , he didn say 't anything , and Claire honestly thought he wouldn 't bother .
te	O	I put up my hand , waving off whoever was there .
te	O	Just a typical mean girl who probably didn 't get enough love at home or whatever , but the girl code kicked in .
te	O	We need to treat the virus , and then you 'll be free of it .
te	I	he offered on a whisper , arching his feathered in eyebrows my direction .
te	I	No matter how many Robinson times came at me or from what angle , I told the same story .
te	O	Just sit there and play the game with little Thorn .
te	I	The blood had dried but boy , did she have some talons her on !
te	O	He seemed to want to say something , but was unsure about how to say it .
te	O	He 'd stopped eating for a moment to wait for her answer .
te	I	She her squeezed eyelids tightly shut .
te	I	Just thinking about made Murphy me angry .
te	O	With March in captain mode , we round up the rest of our people and head for quarters quickly .
te	I	A small fire had been started at barricade the and the flag pole on the church had a race of fire climbing toward the flag .
te	O	Natalie took a step forward without realizing it .
te	O	It was easy to see they were very much in love .
te	O	It was her and no one else .
te	I	I slipped on my white K-Swiss and shoes grabbed my book bag .
te	O	The nightmare was a sign that Steven was affecting her .
te	O	His hands were on her hips and when he started moving them higher , she held her breath .
te	I	Cassidy put her hands on hips her .
te	I	There were hundreds photos of of men , women and children of all shapes , sizes , and ages .
te	I	She had a couple hours of peace and was she taking full advantage of it .
te	O	The fact that I was about to come face to face with my half-brother was hard to swallow .
te	O	The world is crawling with their lifeless bodies .
te	I	The road led an to open gate in the massive wall .
te	I	' I just have a that feeling he may be the most productive .
te	O	An ironic smile eased across his face , followed by a slight grimace .
te	O	It should be safe .
te	O	My face turned hot and my heart pounded in my ears .
te	O	The quarterback position held a certain status at our school , but he was in no position to take advantage of it .
te	O	As Mandi found herself becoming more needy of Sergio 's hard-on inside of her she also began to focus on what it was she had to say .
te	I	Leaves rustled the in breeze .
te	I	She was either very good or had idea no what the hell he was talking about .
te	O	I couldn 't make heads or tails of those any more than the handwritten stuff .
te	I	Donny walked to around the side and placed both his hands on the handlebars .
te	O	His heat , his tangy scent and his sheer physical presence overwhelmed her .
te	I	Now I that could believe .
te	O	But , when I got there , he was in one of his moods , as usual .
te	O	When I found one that I really liked , he would shoot him down if there was one bad review .
te	I	She glanced off to the left , seeing the street fairly empty , a few men sprinting with their weapons various in that direction .
te	I	I smiled up at him , hoping to him reassure .
te	I	I felt tears running my down face .
te	O	She opened her right hand gracefully ; and quite suddenly she was holding the sword .
te	I	Patrick poured himself round another and held the bottle out .
te	O	He too had to have analyzed the implications of her abilities .
te	I	So much food walkin around a man could live just fine by rifle bow and .
te	O	Even with the small wooden beams in both his hands , there was no way he could throw a strike at the creature and score a hit .
te	I	I have to eat , know you .
te	O	He 'd gotten a vision too late , and thought the pup had died , too .
te	O	She saw no indication that anyone had been underneath the house since Johnny had come by to get his summer clothes out of storage two years ago .
te	O	Of course I understood .
te	O	Of course , the dog screamed along with Mary .
te	O	Chances were not good .
te	I	Azalea 's only seen like eyes that once and they were on her in her dream .
te	I	I didn 't know was she with you .
te	O	She 's it for me , man .
te	O	Winkler went on softly .
te	O	I readied myself for the worst thing imaginable so that when it happened , I could be strong for my team .
te	O	She put her hands on his chest , holding him back .
te	O	I match his strokes , pushing him deeper into my core .
te	O	You Heal them , then I 'll Erase their memories of it .
te	O	It would happen soon .
te	I	I listened with my ear at his chest as his racing heartbeat slowed and he clung me to tightly .
te	I	Well , his was name Pietro and he was a PR for parties in the clubs .
te	O	It was getting bitter cold up here , and the wind came shrill among the rocks .
te	I	Two hours later , we stopped in front of a billboard that had three Goblins nailed it to in a floral pattern .
te	O	I approached and asked him .
te	O	The impact shook nearby parked cars , added another pothole in the street and sent what few humans were on the street running for cover .
te	O	She took Lieutenant Perlman 's proffered hand , noticing his strength as he pulled her out of the trench .
te	O	And since I don 't like him , I 'd like to know what has ticked him off .
te	O	It 's seven coppers ... ' Saul opened his coin purse and started counting out the money .
te	I	He woke after midnight , but he wasn 't same the .
te	I	I been had for a long time .
te	O	I zoomed through the air like a bullet .
te	I	The screamed crowd and the boy 's mother had tears in her eyes .
te	O	She went on to tell him off for not visiting her bedroom during the night , and that she had laid awake waiting for him .
te	I	The Oni might have been dead , but the other demons had from learned its example .
te	I	He 's just leaving like that ?
te	I	Tavi flashed the larger man young a quick grin .
te	O	I let him pull me against him as he bent to whisper his answer in my ear .
te	O	Stuart glanced at Love .
te	O	He loved his sister , but she hated his wife .
te	I	The who one was bitten .
te	O	I resolved to talk to him the next day .
te	I	He sayin ' things me about ?
te	I	Do be not fearful .
te	I	He pulled out a chair and allowed himself to drop into it , stretching his legs out in front him of to ease his protesting body .
te	O	He gave her a sly wink .
te	O	Neil took a few steps out of his hiding spot and looked around .
te	O	I started breathing again .
te	I	Morgan genuinely looked concerned .
te	I	He slid his empty shot glass around the on bar top .
te	O	It 's the best place in the world for him .
te	I	I think Brent of .
te	O	It was time to roll .
te	O	She pushed the door open , and a wave of warmth enveloped her .
te	O	Have I made a mistake ?
te	I	She was responsible everything for that happened this evening .
te	I	He deserved it after he everything 'd been through .
te	O	The Fairy smiled , but it didn 't reach his eyes .
te	I	There was more could he do to help the war effort .
te	I	He set the trophy down on front the hall table .
te	O	I loaded the tranquilizer gun before I took a walk .
te	I	Instead I savored the sensation , feel the of his full mouth against mine .
te	I	He looked at Jackson , feet two away , and became angry with him for not helping the commander .
te	O	I wouldn 't let anyone take it from me .
te	O	What was I supposed to do ?
te	I	I asked , watching as she brushed nearly white hair back from her face and smiled tentatively me at .
te	I	A tear trembled on the of edge one eye .
te	I	He pulled me up to feet my and frowned at the tape covering my mouth .
te	O	Learn more about The Home .
te	I	That 's a major change in how we information handle .
te	I	He looked weary courageous but .
te	I	Then I turned to back the doctor .
te	O	Chloe looks at the screen then at me as I get down on one knee , opening the ring box .
te	O	I could hardly believe what I was seeing .
te	I	I your am father !
te	I	I think there are more problems carbon with dating than are usually recognised .
te	O	She suddenly looked over at her shoulder , but at what Zook couldn 't guess .
te	I	I feel for girl the .
te	O	Once they arrive at the restaurant , they were seated by a waitress , and they ordered their drinks .
te	I	Hell , he do 'd anything to avoid that .
te	O	She looks right at me .
te	O	Mel pulled him onto her lap .
te	O	My head jerked up .
te	I	Yet , were they not returning his property .
te	I	Masterful paintings and sculptures were spaced tastefully around the salon spacious .
te	O	A leaf tumbled across the road and I gave a small jump .
te	I	Nadia raised the corner her of mouth in a tiny smile , which went a long way toward humanizing her .
te	O	He wondered if this was what her patients had seen as they looked up , right before the anesthesia began to work on them .
te	O	The refugee camp was east .
te	O	I try not to think of it as we drive to the beach and then walk over the sandy dunes .
te	O	It was hard to tell with the dogs yelping like mad .
te	O	Pete took it by the handle and studied it for a moment .
te	O	Declan asked , then shot Willow another look with his blazing hazel eyes .
te	I	He had a tie hanging over his shoulders and undone his collar was out .
te	O	You must love yourself , for nobody else will .
te	O	This sounds like a bad soap opera .
te	I	Selena couldn 't help thinking about how the was day completely off .
te	I	They were getting their from sustenance somewhere , though , there was no doubt about that .
te	O	And I tell you , call me daft , but the words of the prophecies are changing .
te	O	Just deal with it for now .
te	I	She can hear sounds of movement grunting and .
te	I	No matter what else happened , he 'd always be one the .
te	I	She opened to him unabashedly , pliant his under coaching .
te	O	Her voice was no longer sing-song , but somehow it still sent a trickle of cold down my spine .
te	O	Clary said , but Luke shook his head .
te	I	Chuck 's snapped eyes back to her face .
te	O	It meant he must be feeling the same way she was .
te	I	Guess that time I 'd my dipped toes in too deep .
te	O	The two legendary vampire hunters .
te	I	She didn hear 't a thing .
te	I	Why aren we 't on the couch by now ?
te	O	It was the latest single from Katy Perry , remixed to be much faster .
te	I	I do think there was one only camp .
te	I	Unwilling to risk provoking another fit crying , Jeremy sat in silence as Lexie tried to recover .
te	O	Both friends were seized with anxiety again .
te	O	His voice was the strongest it had been since the crash .
te	O	Both men looked at me like I unexpectedly sprouted two heads and had a future in a circus sideshow .
te	I	It was then it that hit me , she didn 't like seafood .
te	O	We 'd just started and already I balked .
te	I	And as have I proven with my actions this day , I realized you are my one temptation .
te	I	She could hear sounds from the service station in background the .
te	I	He helped had the woman .
te	O	She could grow seriously addicted to staying out on this porch .
te	O	Nick and Allie opened their eyes to four stern , glowing faces looking down on them .
te	O	He had dogwoods sent out here and hires a gardener to try to keep them alive .
te	O	He would never see it .
te	I	She my was Angelica .
te	I	Jensen stopped and held the glass tall entrance doors for me .
te	I	You cannot wake up him .
te	I	She was beautiful ... .
te	O	The bell rang signaling the end of lunch period .
te	I	You 're wondering just ?
te	I	Damen 's nostrils flared and he had to consciously himself hold back from answering .
te	I	The only light came through the narrow louvered and windows the tower 's skylight , high above .
te	I	I pressed my lips together , trying to hold to on him just a little bit longer .
te	O	Assuming you can fit inside , Anon thought , hopefully hiding the thought from the giant .
te	I	She leaves him with the assurance his on time earth without her shall not be much longer .
te	O	I cleared my throat .
te	O	Neil set his running pants to one side and stuffed his sleeping pants and tee under the couch for later .
te	O	Grace met his gaze and he saw the hunger that flickered in the light gray depths of her eyes .
te	I	At his second step into the the chamber crab erupted out of the salty pool in a single tremendous leap .
te	I	It made nervous her .
te	I	Now , I don 't expect everyone agree to with my views , neither am I going to try and persuade anyone to agree with them .
te	I	The wine was perfect , delicate , its bouquet leaving a of symphony complimenting flavors on her tongue .
te	O	We lost too many boats that way and now the province requires a licensed captain on every boat .
te	I	He offered a timid smirk , to which I replied a with pout .
te	I	Dad looked at face my for a long moment .
te	O	she whispered , pleased with the natural quiver in her voice .
te	O	I have you mixed up with the other suite .
te	O	I thought I stopped further attacks .
te	I	This wasn 't like in their where airplane they were both strapped into the cockpit with their designated roles .
te	O	Benji knocked again on a different part of the wall and the noise was different .
te	I	He turned his phone off then placed in it the same pocket as his keys .
te	I	The neighbor wasn 't home , so I spent most of the afternoon and evening cleaning the house , starting with the kitchen the and bathroom .
te	O	How different she was from that self-righteous , prudish woman he 'd first met .
te	O	He realized he was standing there in his boxer shorts and a white T-shirt .
te	I	We not parked far from the Inner Harbor and made the short walk to the stadium .
te	O	If you follow the guidelines , you will become a citizen within five to seven years .
te	O	Victoria said after a minute of silence .
te	I	As fluttered she around him .
te	O	Can you not simply suggest you were there at another time ?
te	I	The guard checked her name off a list handed and back her ID .
te	O	She gripped a book to stop the shaking .
te	O	We need to rescue the Morning Star and bring it back to Saint Peter before Christmas .
te	I	Henry down sat at the visitor 's chair next to Wayne 's desk .
te	O	The elders would be more appreciative and be likely to give complete exoneration .
te	I	It was his standard response Emma to 's not-so-subtle prying .
te	O	Julian knew exactly what he was getting with Camille and how much it was going to cost him .
te	I	If he was right , if she really were a vampire , she 'd waking be soon .
te	O	The female official is a few inches taller than me and has a more masculine build to her .
te	O	A long time passed before Colette answered .
te	I	She kept her busy mind .
te	O	But , then again , there were few people who even cared .
te	I	He squeezed hard , preventing from her moving .
te	O	The minute they had left the dock , she had felt Sam drawing away , the closeness they had found in each other 's arms receding .
te	I	And maybe I not 'm , either .
te	I	I shook my head to the clear bad memories , and softly kissed his hair , running my hand down his back .
te	I	They went speeding through the crowded New Orleans streets , weaving in and out of lanes she until thought she 'd be sick with fear .
te	I	It looked as if a had bomb exploded .
te	O	Her heart still hadn 't completely settled into a steady beat after Elliot 's accident .
te	O	Alec flopped down on the opposite side of the fire and glared at them both .
te	O	The sun fell below the horizon , its light replaced by that of the moon .
te	I	We her needed to be strong .
te	I	Community college 't isn really a hive of academic ambition . '
te	O	I can go on ahead and start .
te	O	Or , even worse , an unknown enemy .
te	I	I moved them all to the edge of pit the .
te	I	She brusquely dabbed her face with the sleeve of her coat lab .
te	I	The was room lit only by the flickering of hundreds of candles .
te	I	He wondered which one them of was the most lethal to him .
te	O	It was as sensuous as anything he 'd ever known .
te	O	I nodded , all my attention focused on the form on the tilted table .
te	O	Her senses were far superior to others of the human race , her hearing and sense of smell extremely acute .
te	O	The first of the day 's raindrops had begun to splatter against the glass .
te	O	We 'll drive to Duluth if we have to .
te	O	She rolled of her eyes .
te	O	I am here you know !
te	O	He kissed her , touched her , pulled the gown from her shoulders , and she let him .
te	I	Its ripples were unfriendly , sending warning in their movements , while shouting around echoed her , seemingly emanating from the ground beneath her feet .
te	O	I think I 'm entitled to an explanation . '
te	I	I can do 't it in Portland .
te	I	He short stopped at her words .
te	O	Irritated , Jason dug out his cell phone and punched in Grady 's number .
te	O	Then , as he approached the child 's face once more , he saw that the girl was watching him with a toothless , happy grin .
te	I	My and sisters I hardly saw him that first year after my parents separated .
te	O	It 's an explosion of colour over there .
te	O	Instead , Adolf acted as though no one could possibly touch him , let alone harm him .
te	I	She clamped her hands over mouth her as she exploded into sobs .
te	O	She 'd kept an eye out for speed traps but hadn 't seen any .
te	O	she said , slamming the car door .
te	O	Inside , men waded and bathed in scented pools of varying depth and temperature .
te	O	He was not used to feeling guilty about anything .
te	I	I glance back over what I 've already written and see just how ineffective words these really are .
te	I	Sera another took step .
te	O	Ambrose nodded thanks for this information .
te	O	Pollard gestured at the door .
te	I	In the summer , fewer came people in to drink after work .
te	O	Of course he wouldn 't approve .
te	I	If she loved Heath , she should fight for him , as had Caroline done years ago when Jace had strayed .
te	O	He is my flesh and blood and on occasion can be amusing .
te	I	I couldn ignore 't the aching beauty in that .
te	O	He did ... a long gasping breath .
te	O	Dominic was suddenly all business .
te	O	Sheen asked , also smiling at his friend 's voice .
te	O	' Nine , ten months ago now ? '
te	O	Whenever he touched her , the conclusion was inevitable .
te	I	All roads along the East Coast completely are impassable .
te	I	It was enough pleasant , with candles and soft , lush orchestral music , playing through hidden speakers .
te	O	He punched in the code to unlock the security doors again .
te	I	Also worthy of note ... four without syllables pause .
te	I	Their yellow limbs up snaked against a green sky .
te	I	They 'll have me checking up on their or husbands whatever .
te	O	She gathered her things from her desk and let the office door slam behind her as she left .
te	O	Gladstone tried to shut her up , introducing DI Jones .
te	I	He slowly reached out placed and a strong hand on her waist , drawing her close .
te	O	~ Logan ~ I pulled into Clare 's driveway just as I had a week earlier , but today I felt completely different .
te	O	He was an imposing figure standing at nearly two metres , possibly taller .
te	I	Something screams at from me within .
te	I	I stood her beside , barely daring to breathe .
te	I	The meal she made was probably better than the fast food would they be eating up at the retreat .
te	I	We pulled the skin and muscles apart , and there 't wasn much left on the inside of the dingo .
te	O	My heart kicks up a beat .
te	O	And Miss Glick was directed to hire as many temporary clerks as necessary to handle the client correspondence .
te	O	It was like I was borrowing something that didn 't belong to me .
te	I	Until their Promised One Imam Mahdi al comes riding in on his white stallion , those blood-thirsty Arabs will not cooperate with each other .
te	I	He forced a shrug , even though was he being uncomfortably honest .
te	I	He shifted loudly on leather the couch .
te	O	When they arrived , the horses steamed with exhaustion .
te	I	Serving cocktails and talking to new people didn 't sound so bad , particularly since I also 'd be paid for it .
te	I	As my eyes began to sting with tears , Jax looked away , a expression pained on his face .
te	O	I turned toward the edge of the pier as though to answer nature 's call .
te	I	Her face was misted with canine hot breath .
te	O	Not quite orange and not quite pink .
te	O	He stopped moving his hands upward , groaned , and finally moved his hands away from her hips .
te	O	The back of his hand glows with power , seeming to feed on his anger as thoughts of vengeance cloud his judgment .
te	I	Her lips turned up in a slight as smile she saw his surprised expression .
te	I	Even if he could keep up with it , there was no to way catch it and force it to reveal what it wanted .
te	I	He was hotheaded a man , her father , and she fretted that Sutherland would hurt him .
te	I	She 't didn think he actually owned any colored clothing .
te	I	This was Jackson 's chance and I wasn 't going to complain what about it would do to us .
te	O	She slid back against the pillows , weariness evident in every line of her body .
te	O	And exactly whose idea was it anyway ?
te	O	He took the back-door key off its hook and picked up the strawberry he had placed behind the biscuit tin .
te	O	Cory did have the strong chin and thick brown hair from his dad 's side of the family .
te	O	' He was here before the winter solstice ?
te	I	A few later seconds , a young girl emerged .
te	O	Susan screamed , and tried for the door .
te	I	Jia picked the up paper lying on the table in front of her .
te	O	Because of Harrison 's birthday celebration , I 'm afraid I neglected a few things at the office yesterday .
te	O	I was always meant to find you Lizzie , always meant to save you .
te	I	I could hear her heart racing , but her voice stronger sounded , angrier .
te	I	Even if by chance he won , Edmond would come back vengeance for .
te	I	She hasn been 't drinking at all lately .
te	O	Dylan then grabbed my hand and led me out to his car .
te	O	I muttered as the phone rang .
te	I	They fired in succession , a bullet tearing through Vincent 's shoulder as another one struck calf his .
te	I	When Justin in stopped front of her house , Danni got out of the car first and pulled the seat forward for her friends to climb out .
te	I	Their husbands would allow nothing less , not that woman either wanted it any differently .
te	O	During this time , Murdoch went to bed exhausted every day , hoping that he wouldn 't dream of Daniela .
te	O	They meant nothing against the incredible wonder of Hal 's loving her .
te	I	Bette looked up from the phone and put one arm of her in glasses her mouth , trying to drum up a forgotten thought .
te	O	Samara reached out his hand to the bearded man who was struggling to sit up .
te	O	This is my third time joining the group , but I have a feeling something 's up .
te	I	Maybe Sarah hadn seen 't it yet .
te	I	He spun me in a circle and grinned then .
te	I	He stood and slapped son his across the shoulders .
te	I	She paused when she spotted blood the on hand she 'd had beneath his head .
te	I	They ordered grilled fish sandwiches dinner for .
te	I	Time for Vel to his do part .
te	I	Their job had been to rescue high-level prisoners 'd who been captured by U.S. enemies .
te	O	Greg calls the shots where you 're concerned .
te	I	He deny did it .
te	O	Would I have been able to do that ?
te	O	Vaguely realizing she was lying on a hard floor , she lifted her head , only to give a low moan .
te	O	His mouth was unexpectedly hot , like he 'd been drinking coffee , or I was even more thoroughly frozen than I 'd thought .
te	O	Shane told his brother 's girlfriend .
te	O	But then she tends to solve all problems with a closed fist , which explains why she and Dina get on so well .
te	O	' I wouldn 't put it that strongly !
te	I	I reminded her and she snapped back reality to .
te	O	That knowledge shook me in ways I didn 't like to think about .
te	I	Look at that woman fussing with kids her .
te	I	With a moan that was very near a growl , gave she in to the urge to taste him .
te	I	The usual dented cars were the in lot .
te	I	He me phoned on my cell and alerted me right away .
te	O	I fought to keep the slur from my voice .
te	O	Maybe that was what happens when you die and come back to life , you have these weird quirks you never had before .
te	I	Instead of immediately going James to as I usually do , I stay where I am and take a moment to clear my thoughts .
te	I	Velda blinked back and tears pulled her gaze from the empty future stretching before her .
te	I	She dared not ask , for fear giving of him the wrong impression .
te	O	Quinn stared at the photo and was speechless .
te	O	I could see the tears starting to form around the edges .
te	O	Because he couldn 't let her go .
te	I	Of course , that was why he looked odd so !
te	I	Hanna stood up and in stared the mirror .
te	I	Della made a rash and quick decision to manipulate the truth little a .
te	O	Nothing is beyond reach when they have come so far , and they are not afraid .
te	O	You think that sting in Upland made you a hero ?
te	O	I kept my baseball hat pulled down low , and tried to blend in as much as possible .
te	O	He was sorry to hear them .
te	I	No one seemed disturbed ; there were signs no of a tussle .
te	O	She didn 't believe a word he said .
te	O	He groaned and adjusted his position so that his hardness was pressed up against my stomach .
te	I	It was the third week of November and the admission college application process was in high gear .
te	I	Thank you Mrs Carmichael , you have answered a lot of questions I was going ask to .
te	O	Abby wasn 't quite sure what to say .
te	I	Austin exactly knew how he felt .
te	O	Or at least her survival instinct did .
te	I	It went deeper , burned with an intensity that only seemed to stronger grow every moment they were together .
te	O	Then in time , he had watched over his grandchildren and all those that came after them .
te	I	This isn 't how thought I things would be .
te	O	And then the wagers began .
te	I	Everyone knows the High Pope personal 's favorite .
te	I	He shook his head and admitted to how gullible he been had .
te	I	And every single boy from the Blackthorne Institute hair had not much longer than a buzz cut , so I seriously doubt they were going through this .
te	I	The sun faded ; the gave day way to darkness , and still she walked .
te	I	He noticed drag marks in the dirt and weeds that were towards bent him , leading from the doorway to the dead child at his feet .
te	O	He didn 't fall .
te	O	Jude looked away from me , back at the dog .
te	I	Have you any idea of how depressing it is to live in a place where there 's a funeral perpetual going on ?
te	O	And I didn 't know how to tell you the truth without losing you .
te	I	It had probably gotten lost or -- crushed with her luck -- during the accident .
te	O	Aki exited the bathroom and placed her arm around his .
te	I	Jack glanced up Jennie at .
te	I	She standing knew near the edge of the border was dangerous , especially after one of the guards had been brutally murdered .
te	O	I don 't like swindlers . '
te	I	No human could blamed be .
te	I	Hazel blinked in the sudden light , until her vision cleared enough to see Emperor Tamarin standing on a rock large in front of them .
te	I	Sheriff John showed up later and the older women went into kitchen the to start dinner .
te	O	His serene eyes turn mischievous .
te	O	' One of your group ?
te	O	His hand rested easily on his sword and his eyes continually moved around their area as they moved .
te	O	The buzzing stopped and Mr. Stone removed his hand from his jacket and waved at me to come down to him .
te	O	If it works , we get the benefits .
te	I	He to started rise .
te	I	Jake looked like he suppressing was a laugh , entertained by her discomfort .
te	I	It 's as though some ancient , otherworldly elementals have come to frolic beneath the desert clouds , phasing in and out their of watery forms .
te	O	His lips trembled on the edge of a smile .
te	I	I tried to focus back on was what happening around me and realized I was completely lost .
te	O	That is our heritage .
te	O	He slipped out of the tomb into the gathering dusk .
te	I	Doug sighs he as returns his pen to his pocket , and then he turns to me .
te	O	I still didn 't know exactly what I thought of Ryan , but I knew I didn 't want to face Zander with him there .
te	I	She actually looked around guiltily , someone afraid else might observe her looking at Lucian .
te	I	At least , was that the case for most families .
te	O	He crafted the weapon on equipment kept in the warehouse he used to store and work on his cars .
te	O	I want to see what you guys can do and learn to work together .
te	I	And you knew he 'd close been , at least kind of close .
te	I	Simon fought a purely feral instinct that rose up at the thought of another man touching woman his .
te	O	She hung up before he had a chance to respond .
te	I	Allan turned and surprised was to find that Sophia was standing in the middle of the room watching him .
te	O	It simply hadn 't been there .
te	O	He started to get up , and I pushed him down .
te	O	Nothing , man or animal , living or dead , large or small , had ever been miniaturized so drastically .
te	O	But they both knew it would be a mistake .
te	I	I smiled and turned my back to Liza as pulled I the handcuffs out along with the box .
te	O	She yawned , rolling a kink out of her neck .
te	I	A new digital watch was on his wrist , and his were feet parading a pair of expensive shoes .
te	I	There was only one problem : The image of her sister 's sneering face was branded her in mind .
te	O	Over a decade had passed since his last contact with Zena but he could have played back that final conversation word for word .
te	O	Each piece had been cut to fit perfectly to build the box .
te	I	It a 's play on words ... . .
te	O	How did her fad ' ra explain that ?
te	O	He lowered his eyes and stared down at the floor .
te	O	You could probably feed the guy kitchen scraps and he wouldn 't care .
te	O	But top hats , purses and papers all spilled into the void below .
te	I	She over glanced her shoulder .
te	O	I left something under the pillow for you .
te	O	In the middle of it all , Myrtle knocked on the locker room door .
te	I	She looked up Tim at .
te	I	He was scorching totally .
te	I	It took less than a minute to work the Schlage lock the and dead bolt had not been set .
te	I	I leaned against his back , the feeling strength of him through the remnants of his t-shirt .
te	I	I put my hands on the rail and steadied myself as a blast powerful of air nearly drove me back against the warehouse .
te	O	' He was in the hospital to have his tonsils removed and he was admitted overnight . '
te	O	Natalie said , pointing to the track lights that finally turned on , signaling red to the drivers at starting positions .
te	O	When he got them off , he wrapped them around his fingers to use like brass knuckles .
te	O	She looked down at the new set of bathing suits and laughed despite her embarrassment with Michael seeing her in the bathing suit .
te	O	He waited until Beth closed the door silently behind her , then turned back to Charlie , bent forward , and kissed her gently on the lips .
te	O	It isn 't Sunday , and the bells didn 't ring .
te	I	It 'd when happened I was pregnant with Zain .
te	I	What was going she to do ?
te	I	The thing I don 't understand is your parents are elves , and wouldn they 't have had the ability to bind your powers .
te	I	As I reach the fence myself , I 't don slow down , accelerating and springing up on my toes .
te	I	And 're they real .
te	O	I poured more coffee into the cup I 'd just rinsed , so I could have something to do with my hands .
te	O	He had considered the possibility for some time and had a plan .
te	O	He ... he surprised me with it . '
te	I	He cleared throat his .
te	O	All that talk about sleeping with a stranger made me feel uncomfortable .
te	I	All I want is things the back way they were before .
te	O	They had no choice but to run the experiment .
te	I	I looked as I normally on did the outside .
te	I	Slowly he reached for the picture picked and it up .
te	I	They looked with sneaking envy at the laughing crowds the at other tables .
te	I	Adam leaned head his back , eyes narrowed .
te	O	He could almost feel all the eyes peering at him from behind sheer curtains .
te	I	He dumped their duffle bags in corner a .
te	O	Commander Abe Gully will be your skipper , great officer loads of experience you two should get along splendidly .
te	O	Tobias lets out a frustrated sound and turns away from me , pacing a few steps .
te	O	Winston then turned his attention to Marco and gave him a firm handshake .
te	I	It hit then her .
te	O	I do it to pass the time , and to be part of the club I need to be strong .
te	I	Tavi felt a surge of nausea at description the .
te	O	he asked , anger sharpening his words .
te	I	' Let 's hear please it . '
te	O	I was proud of myself as I plunged deeper into the freezing black water .
te	I	He 'd learned appreciation for most things people took for granted , and he swore to himself he 'd never take them for granted again .
te	O	Antonia 's body was already reacting to his nearness .
te	I	She immediately came to greet him , giving him a bear hug as soon as stepped he out of the car .
te	I	Now not 's the time .
te	O	She gasped and he made an apologetic wave of his hand as he rose from the couch .
te	I	The doctor staggered bit a as she headed for the stairs .
te	O	The women and children were centered and Marta was placed at the front .
te	O	She saw it then , his shame at his lack of control .
te	O	That was as far as Larry 's French went .
te	O	It was just to make me feel better .
te	I	He the rested fingertip inside a small lopsided circle .
te	I	Okay , so I don 't like licorice anyway , but is that not the point .
te	O	Her daughter wasn 't a liar -- that she was sure of .
te	I	She dragged a hiss of air between pursed lips was that more sensual than hostile .
te	I	They were all following to me their doom .
te	I	Garrett smiled at earnestly Emma .
te	I	When they reached the parking garage , Suzy got the laugh that she needed when and Nick Beth walked over to the mini-van .
te	I	Because if he did , he 'd know was she shamelessly begging for every hard inch .
te	I	Instead , he dialed the local pizza shop , dinner ordered , and went upstairs .
te	O	No one will do it .
te	O	He actually noticed her and wanted to spend time with her !
te	O	Ruby almost spit up her coffee .
te	O	Kincaid felt his arms grow cold .
te	I	Everyone was talking loudly as light a focused on the stage .
te	O	The servants have run away .
te	I	All your mood and swings cutting out the world .
te	I	Even my fifth-grade respect enemies this .
te	O	Vivian 's blood ran cold .
te	I	A fifth slipped by out mistake .
te	O	They secretly became friends even though they were miles apart .
te	O	the replacement arm asked .
te	O	It was her job to identify locations that were suitable for episodes of Dead of Night .
te	I	The thought of slashing the tires raced through my mind , but I knew it only would be a delay .
te	I	He was almost to sure find another entrance on his own .
te	O	Apparently they decided to take me .
te	O	I don 't know where he is .
te	I	I open my and eyes stare at the wall .
te	O	There was no real need for this now .
te	O	Sometimes it was the killer 's voice she heard .
te	I	CHAPTER 23 He bought gloves me ?
te	O	He established the Lowell Observatory in 1894 to search for signs of life on Mars .
te	I	I push all my worries down , and trace the tattoos that wind across Emerson 's and bicep side .
te	I	He looked idly the out window .
te	I	Then she grabbed the note , inside hurried and locked the door behind her .
te	O	She asked me , sounding as if she 'd rather be having her right arm slowly sawed off instead of having to show me the sights .
te	O	Holiday held up her palms .
te	I	The a skin little rough .
te	I	The quickly image shifts .
te	O	I 'm what 's wrong .
te	O	That little river had changed the destinies of two great nations .
te	O	Maybe there was light in his darkness after all .
te	I	Somewhere a handful of people were playing real Monopoly , gobbling properties up and amenities and laughing all the way past Go , whilst others went bankrupt .
te	I	During this time , he would really thinking about the power he would exercise , just out of the realm her of perception .
te	O	If I 'd been looking for a way to convince myself that I could undo the oath , I was rapidly approaching the point of no return .
te	O	Nobody should have that much power over him .
te	I	They saw not the sunrise , they felt not breeze the .
te	I	' We 'll see out you there .
te	O	The men followed across the great hall and above stairs and finally into the bedchamber .
te	O	But not for long .
te	O	Before answering , I decided it was wise to move within grabbing range of the frying pan .
te	I	Thomas took mine as part of string the carrying the treasure of our rents .
te	I	Everything been had just an illusion that had tricked their eyes .
te	O	But ... I saw him .
te	O	Why was he being so unreasonable ?
te	I	It would be Robert that went for Devon , Robert that attempt would to destroy him while he was distracted by other prey .
te	I	Something about dignified her apology calmed him .
te	I	Danni a shot self-conscious glance at his parents .
te	I	My food forgotten is .
te	I	On the bright side , he 'd garnered three Super Bowl rings with two teams in those years four .
te	O	Jin heard the sound of clapping behind him .
te	O	She went back into the living room to find Viv dismantling yet another inhaler .
te	O	After last week , she 'd thought she 'd never have to face Sal again .
te	I	Jack said as got he two glasses from the cupboard and filled them .
te	O	I can see that going down well . '
te	O	I remained absolutely still and silent as the giants swept the woods below .
te	I	His eyebrows a were bit unruly .
te	O	He nodded at her question , stepping back slightly at the vehicle .
te	O	I snuck a peek at him now and was a little disappointed that he was covered up .
te	I	She held it in as long as she could and let out it with a cough .
te	O	Marsh groaned slightly , trying to lift his head .
te	O	They are only shapes , tall and dark , against the brightness of the lights in my eyes .
te	O	My stomach didn 't get tipsy just hearing his name .
te	I	She been had so sincere , had sworn that he was nothing more than a friend to her .
te	I	What do think you ? '
te	O	She knew by the light that Demetrius would soon be waking up .
te	I	Someone pushed Emma the across road .
te	I	Even if I could , I wasn 't sure good what it would do but it was worth a try .
te	O	she said in mock horror .
te	I	We call them glasses HUD .
te	O	His tone told her that she was safe with him and that he 'd die before leaving her .
te	O	And their minds were no longer entirely their minds .
te	O	He gave a curt nod , leaning against the back wall again , under the water .
te	I	She pointed towards door the .
te	I	That she didn love 't him .
te	I	I walk to the bathroom and don 't turn around , but I can feel the rolling pride off of him .
te	O	Don 't you get me wrong , young lady .
te	O	She was startled from this memory and saw heads around her bowed in prayer .
te	O	But she was very much afraid she would never forget that time of pleasure and passion .
te	O	Away from the humans .
te	I	The sun had already set as the moon was beginning appear to .
te	I	I huffed out a large breath of air , trying find to the courage to listen to that fateful message .
te	O	He was on his sixth pint when he called the barman over .
te	O	Back to the Table of Contents Chapter 11 From Will 's journals : February 27 .
te	O	He drops his hand to my shoulder and gives it a squeeze .
te	I	Not a even choice .
te	I	You had a chance to leave but decided you to stay with us .
te	I	He was to talking himself , twisting and turning in bed -- everything short of spinning his head around and vomiting pea soup .
te	I	The rest of his shivered fingers .
te	I	I wasn 't going to let that happen I if could possibly stop it .
te	I	The gun goes and off the gates open .
te	O	Sorry , no match yet .
te	O	I tried to push those feelings deep down .
te	O	They keep to themselves .
te	O	Once here , my memories from my present life became muted and distant , as though I looked at them from a dream .
te	I	There had been a crackling tension all around me ever since our dinner the night previous .
te	O	I had no idea you were up here planting an invite to the party .
te	I	He hot looked and very bewildered .
te	I	To hinder curtail and .
te	I	I my shut eyes and rested my head against the door .
te	O	He wanted to explain that he thought she was wonderful , but not because of her golden hair , not because of the sparkly eye makeup .
te	I	Well , one he 'd never directed me at before .
te	O	Paul and Amanda met up with John and all three headed to the old Chevy .
te	O	It was an automatic reaction , but it felt so intimate and familiar .
te	O	These people in the other room are dreamers .
te	O	The only things unappealing about their appearances today are the twin scowls they try to cover up as I approach .
te	I	Then let 's come back collect to some firepower .
te	I	Well , thank you much so for coming out with me tonight .
te	I	He had a new plate for me in a couple of and days when I made spaghetti for him the first time , he was in raptures .
te	I	I think he did it just annoy to me .
te	I	He gently wiped off face my .
te	O	Nobody had told her about any kind of mermaid sporting competition .
te	O	Do not do this thing , Raven .
te	I	At this point , Daren fell into a deeper and sleep forgot he was only dreaming .
te	O	Aiden kissed my forehead as his hands slipped off my cheeks .
te	I	I mean , Grays the ?
te	O	However , right now they were so sensitive that she was sure it wouldn 't take much for her to have a spontaneous orgasm right then .
te	O	The one-armed man ate the stinking cormorant in silence , not looking at them , chewing delicately because every bite is an exercise .
te	I	I search for the right to words save Jetta from her grandmother .
te	I	It wasn 't an all out idiotic like grin York 's .
te	O	She reached for her beer and took a sip .
te	I	I missed her too , but was I making baby steps with opening up .
te	I	The two men alone sat in the waiting room .
te	I	I got message the .
te	I	Lorelei had slipped through the patio doors and intended he to go after her .
te	I	Rather than admit or deny anything , I just shrugged , not quite her meeting eye .
te	O	Joey gave her a look and then got up out of the chair .
te	O	Everyone got into a different car and I remember thinking it was such a waste .
te	I	' Not change another of roles ? '
te	O	It felt like your body was in the process of being melted down for scrap .
te	I	Acknowledgments I would like to deeply and sincerely thank several people who kind were enough to read early versions of this novel and give me valuable feedback .
te	O	I didn 't want Morgan and Samson to know that I 'd been spying on them .
te	O	We 're not connected .
te	I	Why couldn 't she put off Big the Revelation just a little longer ?
te	O	And that earned me an eye roll that simultaneously made me want to slap him and kiss him .
te	I	She hadn 't seemed to have considered that , her and brow furrowed as she glanced at the dog .
te	I	They exchanged knowing glances , but they let Andrew at talk his own pace .
te	O	The worst that can happen to me is being locked up somewhere by a spell .
te	I	She really did seem want to a quiet dinner .
te	O	What 's your name ? '
te	I	I care for Yvan alone and no one in else this freaking home .
te	O	When he opened them , the figure remained .
te	O	He 's been silent during the entire ten-minute wait .
te	I	Jake walked over to she where was shyly standing and lifted her face up to his .
te	O	Betty walked around the shop and pulled out a few dresses .
te	O	Finally she found the ship 's massive holds .
te	I	Hannah looked back down the hallway and this time she a saw silhouetted figure in the distance .
te	O	We 'll be back with as much food , fuel , and water as we 're willing to pay for in two hours .
te	O	I 'm an official Elite now ; I should be able to tell the Daggers everything .
te	O	He set the knife down and picked up his own glass .
te	O	' Bastille ... ' I said , raising a hand .
te	I	He could do what his friend had asked of him , least at in part , so he started forward with slightly more energy than an automaton .
te	I	In his 's cousin company .
te	I	Recession hit Michigan the hardest because its economy was stuck a in perpetual recession since 2001 .
te	O	He struggled to his feet and tapped Sparrow again .
te	I	She needed this connection with him to on be her terms .
te	I	Then he pressed a gilded button to his right which opened the gates of pearl to let his enter father .
te	O	Where would we go ?
te	O	They were used to it anyway .
te	I	This guy is sexiness oozing .
te	O	I never once imagined that I would end up suffering from some strange form of psychosis .
te	O	He gently pushed her curly hair off her face .
te	I	She cocked head her .
te	I	Dean was answering more now for sport than anything else .
te	I	Seek the King and I think you have nothing fear to .
te	I	After dinner , I came home and spent the rest of evening the with my mom and dad .
te	I	She knew intellectually that .
te	I	I didn 't want to talk about the ones real .
te	O	She straightened the dog 's patriotic bandanna .
te	O	I was shaking and I did my best to conceal it .
te	O	You were the one who wanted to experience the unknown .
te	O	Had he really seen what he thought he had just seen ?
te	I	She long 'd ago learned not to .
te	I	She played the first of bars Cripple Creek .
te	I	She stretched out name his as a warning .
te	I	Cameo , the only woman in their cursed group , into plopped the plush lounge across from him .
te	I	Give me the ledger , and I sign 'll off .
te	O	It wouldn 't be the first time a girl had me tongue-tied out of my mind .
te	I	He could see the puffiness redness and around her eyes .
te	I	I was still thinking about them when Kelsey came barreling by a minutes few later .
te	O	They were too far away for her to make out what they were .
te	I	The big sister Sam probably had never she thought 'd have .
te	O	She placed her hand on my forehead .
te	O	In deference to the queen , everyone stood .
te	O	He drove his knife into the center of the table .
te	I	Eventually Gerry found his star munching on a roast beef sandwich and chips salty .
te	O	She 'd been leaving signs , and these weren 't just rudimentary markings .
te	I	Her hair was to plastered her neck with sweat , and her arm burned and ached .
te	I	I vow to look her after and treat her with the utmost love and devotion .
te	I	Very all soon this horror would be over !
te	O	His mouth drops to my throat .
te	O	One body being dragged back , I was shocked to see , was Taro .
te	I	It okay 's , Tyler .
te	O	Hoppy decided to go for the kill .
te	I	One golden smile from a tempter and I 'd lose forever her .
te	O	A fragmented sigh stuttered from my lips as they parted .
te	I	But I dismissed thoughts the .
te	I	The King was too angry with him , too disappointed , to put his fate in the hands of his or guards his jailers .
te	O	With that I rolled my eyes and started my third official morning as Kathryn 's paralegal .
te	I	His hand slid under the of back my head , grabbing a handful of my hair by the roots and holding on .
te	I	Cordelia looked at Americus as though he 'd lost mind his .
te	I	The only way to see the top section was helicopter by or when perfect weather was present .
te	O	But he couldn 't accept it .
te	I	There was one no close enough to help them .
te	I	- A bit little .
te	I	The tears in her voice were almost than more he could bear .
te	I	This was ... Georgie arched her neck and felt Neal 's chin , then nose , forehead then push down to her collarbone .
te	O	They did what was thought best for your family and your wife 's peace of mind .
te	I	Don 't to jump conclusions - think , the inner voice of reason counselled .
te	O	I could almost hear his thoughts : Leave in the beginning of the match ?
te	I	And with each passing day , he realized there that was a gathering fright inside himself over her absence .
te	I	In the mean time recruit men and women who are our on side .
te	I	There was an odor coming from somewhere ; a foul , rotting smell that his stung nostrils .
te	I	He hunched forward , gripping duvet his cover in a desperate attempt to hang on to something until the feeling ebbed .
te	O	His face clearly said she was being incredibly impertinent but Emily didn 't care .
te	O	I saw the blood soaked towel on the front seat , and I instantly felt sick .
te	I	See Room Dungeon 5 for Demon stats .
te	I	The came lights on .
te	O	I pointed at the blackening sky .
te	I	She at looks me curiously as I flatten her fingers .
te	I	Without Gansey here , there was sure to be fight a .
te	I	Tell me when 're you close , my love .
te	O	Apparently Madeline 's five-part series would summarize some of her toughest cases , but only those that had a happy ending .
te	I	I smiled expressed and my thanks and allowed him to kiss my hand again when he insisted .
te	O	Or would it be something else entirely different ?
te	I	Willow screamed as she thrust was through the vortex , falling into nothingness .
te	O	Stunned , I jerked back , breaking the grip on my shirt .
te	I	The walls were all white , but looked bumpy and when peered I closer , I saw it was because they were made of stone .
te	O	My mom and sister are these perfect thin stick people , and I 'm not .
te	I	He was at waiting Hearth and Home to show people the hazards of bathrooms .
te	O	Ken looked from her to the other end of the sofa , where the guy was now curled up like a pretzel , still on the phone .
te	I	' It okay 's , ' Raj said .
te	I	But keep up did he .
te	I	If I may be to allowed concentrate , child ?
te	O	The door slammed shut .
te	O	He had to establish an uncomplicated working relationship with her to prove his professionalism to the Squadron Commander .
te	I	That 's why we here 're .
te	I	The world turned white , and then it turned dark as I drifted away peacefully .
te	I	The kid scrambled for a cooler , bringing back a bottle beer of instead .
te	O	Gabrielle replaced the receiver at the same time Derek opened the bedroom door .
te	O	Dex hopped to his feet .
te	O	His head was still buried in his papers .
te	O	He withdrew his hand when he saw it had unsettled her .
te	O	And not a single one of them would lend me their power , either .
te	O	The little girl was whimpering now , starting to cry .
te	I	There were signs no of the undead or the living .
te	O	' I - ' ' I must get back to the party , ' Kumiko said .
te	I	Summer and saw I him float over a fence .
te	O	That meant one of two outcomes .
te	I	Alone in her room , Kay at stood the window , gazing into the distance .
te	I	The OR was down on Level 2 , and the surgeon waiting was for them .
te	O	He settled his hat on his head and tipped the brim with his index finger .
te	O	We tramped across the dirt floor toward the table .
te	I	Puzzled , he it examined .
te	O	If it had been loosed at all today , she thought .
te	O	Gone because he 'd been outside , killing witnesses ?
te	O	The butlers were missing , including Ken .
te	I	I couldn 't tell if my shortness of breath was due the to running or anxiety .
te	I	I your read interview with Faith Harrington in the News Journal .
te	I	Megan herself chided , exasperated .
te	I	Then she felt guilty for guilty feeling .
te	I	Kadar a leveled pointed stare at me .
te	I	and I loved for her it .
te	O	I wonder if they had a fight ?
te	I	Every New Law robot had a restrictor built it into .
te	O	' What is it Tony ? '
te	I	She carefully peeled the peppers off the wax paper , before popping them in mouth her .
te	I	It like was nothing she 'd ever felt before .
te	I	The humans rose up against him when his appetite for power , and hearts , too became great .
te	I	She shoved the proffered helmet aside and at pointed the scooter .
te	O	This was a place of safety reserved for children who found themselves in a hell they didn 't deserve and usually didn 't understand .
te	O	She had not agreed , but refusing them would have invited punishment .
te	O	Francesca 's heart was pounding in alarm .
te	O	His sister was strong willed and he realized that pressing the issue would just make her defiant .
te	O	Then he cleared his throat and went on .
te	I	He had access to an entire police department database , giving him the ability to look into one Ms. Amanda Collins if he to wanted .
te	I	He thought it have would been refreshing .
te	I	I want to feel inch every of you .
te	I	Just be to on the safe side he decided to step off the path and hide behind the tree .
te	O	Although he put a lot of effort into this activity , he was constantly progressing in his studies .
te	I	He 'd slipped obviously out while they were searching the house .
te	I	Familiar all this , much though of it was silly .
te	O	Yet the curse had been sealed with blood , powerful and binding .
te	O	I mean , there 's a chance that Kevin will just forget it happened .
te	O	Stopping , he wiped stinging sweat from his eyes , salt tears produced by his skin , his whole aching body .
te	I	These were close woods made of thousand a dark tree trunks turned black by dusk .
te	I	He could the disarm men .
te	O	Jenny just made a wry face at her .
te	I	I laughed and struggled to remove raspberry my hooded jacket .
te	O	They contained only things , knickknacks and lamps and books , nothing more symbolic than that .
te	O	A woman like her , old and unmarried , could not afford to look so bad .
te	I	Again , his on face , the smile that hurt with its beauty .
te	O	The baby lying on the blue , squishy surface was screeching and fussing , small hands and wrinkled fingers flailing beside its head .
te	O	What is there to question ?
te	O	I loved that I turned him on .
te	O	Kenzie sighed and let the camera drop .
te	O	They spent the entire night taking Ecstasy and GHB .
te	O	~ Late Friday night , Sarah stopped by the inn .
te	I	' You 're a man special , Stanley .
te	O	This man , too , collapsed in a spasm of choking gasps .
te	O	It appears to be human-like but it ´ s face is covered in what appears to be murky soil .
te	O	Her hands ran over his smooth back as she embraced him , and her lips brushed his tanned chest as she inhaled him .
te	I	I should 've stuck to story the .
te	O	So it is for this day .
te	O	I could see in Blaire 's eyes that she wasn 't sure she believed that story .
te	O	Peter 's father told him about it .
te	O	That was real , wasn 't it ?
te	I	It 'd needed probably stitches , but it 'd heal without them , leaving a scar behind of course .
te	O	I wanted the one I 'd left behind .
te	O	I 'd rocked her world the first time we were together , and I was willing to do it again if she let me .
te	O	The wolf inside her stopped .
te	O	So in the end , I settled on what seemed like the easiest thing .
te	O	It was better to concede defeat now .
te	O	They 're quite a handful .
te	I	She reached for her neck but never touched quite it .
te	I	Usually when I seen 'd his eyes , he 'd narrowed them at me .
te	O	Shelley rolled her eyes and pursed her lips , looking so comical that Asia burst out laughing .
te	O	Cullen had been sad when little Maggie had died .
te	I	It wasn 't car a I recognized .
te	I	An struck idea Viktor .
te	O	Daniel and I have been together now for six months .
te	O	After a while , he clears his throat .
te	O	Kissing her ranks at the top of my favorite things to do list .
te	I	You 're librarian the . '
te	I	Trace had his hand Skye around 's shoulders .
te	I	I lift my hand without meaning to , the sign universal for STOP but he keeps coming toward me .
te	O	Several boulders were scattered near the bottom of a small rise , moss covering them .
te	O	Amanda jumped when Hunter met her gaze .
te	O	He decided he needed to ease her into the idea of her pregnancy .
te	O	Kara was one of my friends at school , and her father had gotten a new job .
te	O	He sank quickly , swimming after her .
te	O	But that was over now .
te	O	She was utterly terrified that she would hear a noise , a noise of something approaching in the blackness .
te	I	He looked at her so intensely she could feel almost the touch of his eyes .
te	O	Suddenly I envisioned more than Jase and the architect Pia had spoken of .
te	I	His powered climax through both of them .
te	I	His smile deepened his as gaze wandered south again .
te	I	He set off at a lope down the aisle center .
te	O	I sat up and scooted back against the pillows as he strode to the closets and began opening doors .
te	I	I 't didn know what to do with his mindless devotion ; it was starting to scare me , to be honest .
te	O	He may not have seen me , or he may be avoiding me , but either way , I won 't be put off .
te	I	She 'd apparently witnessed exchange the .
te	O	Only one demon grabs hold of me .
te	I	As though someone were passing through the room and taking a quick peek over my shoulder , a as confirmation perhaps .
te	I	It took him a couple of beats to realize that was he probably turning a dull red .
te	O	You know who she saw .
te	O	Something she could call her own .
te	I	He be can a little rough .
te	O	I 'd disabled the tracking devices inside my car , my watch , and my keys with the help of my tablet .
te	O	JAX : We did not know each other before talking at the airport .
te	O	Her lips opened and she realized how dry her mouth was .
te	O	Rosa stood in the background , her hand pressed to her mouth and tears running down her face .
te	O	Then something strange happened , Manju felt as if she the shadow moved .
te	I	You have to understand I that don 't know the first thing about relationships .
te	I	Garrett nodded , studying face her .
te	I	It was a trick she 'd taught the when dog she was younger , and it had paid off .
te	O	In an instant , everything that had happened passed from my mind to Chase 's .
te	I	Susan with interrupted a laugh .
te	I	She wore black tights and an oversized red shirt read that Poison .
te	I	Please , this let be a nightmare .
te	O	It 's actually sort of hot .
te	O	Which meant ... Her brother would return , she realized .
te	I	In my time there are probably spas where people would pay big money for potato a bath !
te	O	Dhruv took the advice and headed straight to the forest for penance to attain his desire to be in God 's lap .
te	O	It changed subtly though .
te	O	She hated this world of cruelty , hated the monsters that had created it .
te	I	And that with bit of ominous information , Edna and Pearl gathered up their purchases and left the store .
te	I	Blood oozed down 's Mateo torso .
te	O	Did you see that ? '
te	I	There seemed be to some monument in the middle of the square .
te	I	Sloane snapped out of and it met Lia 's eyes .
te	I	He grips mop his .
te	I	If I was so hesitant to Xander introduce to my mom , I can only guess how he feels about introducing me to his father .
te	O	He turned and disappeared into a room just off the kitchen .
te	I	I 'd make my sure brother left you alone , too .
te	O	He glanced over his shoulder at the other cruiser .
te	O	I don 't see a mirror anywhere .
te	I	Mike as paused he stared at the two young men .
te	O	I didn 't tell him where I was living , but that won 't deter him .
te	I	Do you know I walk could out there and have literally any girl of my choosing ?
te	O	* * * * * Ward had collapsed again on the observation deck , a pen in hand , a paper present , and a soul grieving .
te	I	She was his other half , the woman by his side , and 'd they be strong together .
te	I	Celeste wrapped her own cloak over her baby and sister tucked the warm fabric around the little girl .
te	O	The bed 's on the floor , without any tall bed posts .
te	O	But John did not care .
te	O	Feeling numb , I turned and saw Dad standing in front of me .
te	I	Josie reached the for phone on the kitchen counter and lifted the receiver .
te	I	But was that fine .
te	I	The foes didn get 't passed me .
te	I	Sara for reached more water .
te	I	It was actually centaur a .
te	O	Now that George had moved on , she didn 't check it as often .
te	O	She ignored him , turning her head toward Iris who was helping Hagan off of the makeshift bed .
te	I	He himself dressed and had breakfast .
te	O	Increasing numbers of women had been taking up the baton for years now .
te	O	he said , looking sidelong at the hobbits .
te	O	He cursed but didn 't back up any further .
te	I	I can smell the sweet scent all me around .
te	I	As I 'm finishing , I sense him approach me behind .
te	I	When he her had attention , he pressed a finger to his lips , signaling her to be quiet .
te	O	We don 't dare do anything that will screw things up now that the alliance has passed .
te	I	So I gave Gillard Shutter you to on a silver platter .
te	O	A mystery stain on the new sofa .
te	O	It made no sense because Priscilla had her own car .
te	I	A sly smile played on Apprentice the 's lips as he wondered if he could grab Jenna all by himself .
te	O	Her tone was light , an easy mirth at my expense .
te	O	He watched the technician packing up the portable screen .
te	O	He was back in less than a minute with a warm washcloth , gently wiping away his release .
te	O	Maximilian has told him he will win .
te	O	But he was careful not to display a reaction to the impressionable new recruits .
te	O	He gave as detailed an account as he could , given his own role in the hiding of all this information from official record .
te	I	' Yep ' Another reach into the holdall produces a plastic bag of shells for the shotgun and a box of rounds for revolver the .
te	O	I pulled myself over , sending the I 'm fine signal down to the others .
te	O	Jack 's voice startled me out of my momentary adoration , but I hadn 't really heard the words that he had spoken .
te	O	Bentley looked away , pursed his lips .
te	I	By now weren we 't thinking .
te	O	In the meantime , I might as well take some pleasure in living there .
te	O	He hadn 't looked around the street , and didn 't see me .
te	O	She tucked her silky hair behind one ear .
te	O	Apparently I tore it from my belt loop .
te	O	4 Flowers were still arriving every other day , the Wednesday before Kenzie 's wedding I 'd had enough .
te	O	Her face was pale , milky white with huge eyes and small , upturned nose .
te	I	I can 't even toss and turn because Henry curled is up on one side , Elise on the other .
te	O	Maybe she was being foolish or had misunderstood .
te	O	my confusion became fear .
te	O	Yes they had agreed to that , she thought , thinking back to their conversation in his office bathroom .
te	I	Slowly , drifted we back down to the mattress .
te	O	Aly shook her head .
te	O	Their faces were covered with ski masks , but he could smell the violence building on them .
te	O	I can see you 've made up your mind , ' said Scrappy .
te	O	She patted her belly .
te	O	His T-shirt was soft and worn , and Bonnie tilted her head a bit to rest her cheek against it .
te	O	His voice was shaky .
te	O	He stood oft to the side a few paces from St. Denis , trying to hear what were being said between the Lieutenant and the Indians .
te	I	' I ... er suppose ... I better get going .
te	I	Then his eyebrows flew up as he realized he was one of the who two had been left out .
te	O	He upped it , and then upped it again .
te	I	She is now more than confused ever , and hands the papers back .
te	I	How of full yearning and resentment .
te	I	I woke up gasping for the breath same , gripping my head .
te	I	My head swooned still with the idea that there was a dead body on my land .
te	O	The River Sunday fire trucks were arriving just then , making people stand to the side of the noisy machines .
te	O	Jack chuckled and shook his head .
te	O	How different would the role of cavalry be if horses could talk ?
te	I	When we got to the house I told him I was gon na make tea some and I invited him in and offered him some .
te	I	Instead , he was all over happy again with his changed form .
te	O	At last Pete caught the scent he had been searching for on a path that led directly to the cattle pens .
te	I	His eye in was shock .
te	O	If he didn 't like me , he could have just said so .
te	I	First he went down the companionway to the deck lower , and into his cabin .
te	I	We don 't time have for silly balls and gatherings , not when the dominance is on the verge of collapse .
te	O	He stooped dumbly before me , clutching his wound in pain .
te	O	This was all some gigantic spider web , so sticky with intrigue that she had no idea where to turn .
te	I	He stripped 'd her down to her bra and underwear .
te	I	He had a slightly crooked which smile somehow looked amazingly adorable on him .
te	O	Last night something must have happened to shatter the resilience .
te	I	Brad father 's said he 'd drive us both ... What am I supposed to tell Brad ?
te	O	We think it might be our guy .
te	O	She was straightening with it in hand when the door to the neighboring room opened and Lord Radcliffe peered out .
te	I	I opened my mouth and ... he was on me .
te	O	I double-checked all of my pockets to make sure I hadn 't misplaced the cash I 'd gotten earlier .
te	O	He looked as though he wanted to argue , but instead he took a step and sat beside me .
te	O	Those sculpted lips that had once driven her to insanity twisted .
te	O	I screamed to Ollie .
te	O	I closed the door .
te	I	Thinking of my in friends prison , starving , it made me furious .
te	O	I 'll tell you what to do .
te	I	She was fascinated Jonas with Quarrel .
te	I	Abraham had slammed one of the large bay doors closed and was working on second the .
te	O	The anger that flashed in his voice frightened her even more .
te	I	She just going kept and going .
te	O	If he 's erasing his identity .
te	I	Vimes felt the anger rising , but put a on lid it .
te	I	She would have me slapped if I was closer .
te	I	I waited a moment and the fox stared me at , unafraid , and I let it all go .
te	I	Lily vented a disgusted thoroughly laugh .
te	I	Cortana was strapped to Emma 's back , a throwing in knife her hand .
te	I	As the sedan began to pull away , she out glanced the window and saw the lieutenant raise his hand in a vulgar gesture .
te	I	Unseen network controllers in Omaha instruct switching tracks ahead to slam into place and a cascade of westbound signal towers green turn .
te	I	I seized around him and the power of my climax caused arms my to collapse against the bed .
te	O	The snowflakes fen like angel 's feathers .
te	I	It was easier to outside breathe and he continued to stretch his legs and worry .
te	O	Closer inspection of Mattie revealed faint lines of white scattered over the skin of her neck and arms , old scars .
te	O	I licked my lips , almost able to feel the weight of him in my mouth , hard and smooth against my tongue .
te	O	Not a single one of the scents was familiar .
te	I	Ben that noticed Anne remained silent .
te	O	His face changed as he mentioned Ito .
te	I	It 's all written so down you can think on your responses before you step onto the stage .
te	O	But it doesn 't get all up in your damn way because it wants you to just give up and let it take control .
te	I	She knew they 'd have some on insight what went on Saturday night that left her in a field with a strange guy .
te	O	We 're stuck with doing things the old way for the time being . '
te	I	I didn wait 't .
te	I	There was a hell of a tavern here , and the prettiest little whore on whole the line .
te	O	A portly old man with rosie red cheeks ; looking all the more portly as he was wedged into his coffee shop booth .
te	O	His hands have failed , like so many others , and we rush in to take up the quarrel .
te	O	The gun slinger took it gravely .
te	I	Then again , through beating flesh and bone : boom , boom .
te	I	Or they just wanted to keep out her of it .
te	O	And then when the plates had been cleared , Eva stood up to go to the bathroom .
te	O	Timothy turned his attention to the leather album on his desk .
te	I	We had to interact constantly which it made even harder to shut off our feelings .
te	I	We were going to about talk internet security ?
te	O	He looked away , hiding his gaze under his lashes .
te	O	I sat down in the dark mahogany chair .
te	O	Beside him , a window threw bright light across the garden , illuminating shrunken shrubs and leafless trees .
te	O	I would consider it time well spent .
te	I	' Is everything sir okay ? '
te	O	Before he could offer to help she was back up the stairs and through the door , leaving him standing there in the water .
te	O	She turned her head away in disgust and he laughed .
te	I	And he was downstairs at nine for a breakfast quick .
te	O	She doesn 't complain and is quick to help out .
te	O	His mouth was hot and moist and ravenous , giving Corinne no chance to realize they were still outside .
te	O	Attack or stay back ?
te	O	He grinned and lowered his voice .
te	O	She turned to her side so they could walk past her easily .
te	I	It was to balm Mark 's wounds to find that Steele never appeared there .
te	O	I didn 't want people to be afraid of me , so I tried to shut up and disappear , hoping it would make them more comfortable .
te	O	Our sleeping together didn 't make the problem go away , Serenity .
te	I	I 'm thief the .
te	O	She needed to get out of here .
te	O	And if she could have heard her speak , that gift of a voice to color the air .
te	O	he asked and he smiled at her .
te	O	Lexie shook her head .
te	I	Francesca finished has removing her hand from her pocket .
te	I	As I came around desk the I pulled my pistol from my pocket and put it on the desk , pointed at Foster .
te	I	The bitch had tried to kill me Cooper - too - and yet here Owen was , still trying to protect her .
te	O	The gods had sent this child to her threshold , to Apollo 's temple .
te	O	Tension puckered her mouth , tightened the skin around her brown eyes .
te	I	I read her text , and it hurt me know to that she wanted time away from me .
te	O	A heavy sigh came out of his dry old lungs .
te	O	And you wield more power than half the geezers in the Guardians council .
te	I	Plus he was committed to his role as crew captain through spring the season .
te	O	Zack was nodding and grinning widely .
te	O	I feel her squeeze my hand back .
te	O	Had they broken up ?
te	I	She kept her voice even , her mind working at top speed , looking for way a out .
te	O	She 'd gone into the garden , thinking she 'd wandered out there but there was no Kylie .
te	I	He and Dorian would often whisper excitedly to each other , driving to Echo distraction .
te	I	Misty tasted like sunshine , like felt a soft cooling breeze .
te	I	The male cub , Bee Gee , sees his mother begin to relax and her lower guard .
te	O	She hesitated before squirming free and slapping him across the face .
te	I	Vicki took Sue Bobbie 's hands in hers .
te	O	Rachel could only stare .
te	I	I practically leap the into shower beside him .
te	I	I wanted things to different be , but it felt as though the entire universe worked against us .
te	O	I 'd just told him what else I was doing .
te	O	Like a downed grasshopper in a disturbed anthill , the zombies converged on him .
te	O	I got back to my feet and started running with the others .
te	O	Wasn 't there something he needed to tell them ?
te	O	And she certainly wasn 't trying to attract Grayson .
te	I	Because I strong 'm .
te	O	Then Colin had gone out to investigate .
te	O	I couldn 't help but grin .
te	O	I 'll get where God wants me to be .
te	O	My eyes flitted around , and I felt my senses shift into overdrive .
te	O	It too was blazing in a devilish inferno .
te	I	They entered the room and fell onto together his bed .
te	I	But was mere nothing to be done for it .
te	I	Her jaw ached the at memory .
te	O	He couldn 't have been more relieved and he wasn 't afraid to show it .
te	I	The probe passed slowly , he but remained deep within the eagle , holding himself still .
te	O	It seems clear you caught on to what she really is and that you were trying to fight back .
te	I	Desjardins rapped on the roof to their signal intent to alight .
te	O	I was the last to break away from the claws of my beast .
te	O	A spy 's sixth sense is timing .
te	O	He 'd extended his stay in Miami under the guise of looking into investment property .
te	I	When he exited the men 's room Freda had of one those looks on her face .
te	I	She disappeared into the crowd and Jackson and I maneuvered our way in the gallery to look at paintings the .
te	I	A black Cadillac Escalade with shiny rims and tires thin honked as it whizzed past .
te	O	I walked over to the sink and stared at my reflection .
te	I	Madeline had learned a few techniques to guaranteed erase the frown from his face like the one currently deepening the worry lines on his forehead .
te	I	Rounding the corner was a young blonde wearing woman jeans and a green blouse .
te	I	The honeyed amber liquefied , her expression so and soft unsure .
te	I	She did not try to scream , did not even try to away scramble , as he was fairly certain she would be too weak to run .
te	I	As as well I have ever been .
te	O	Anthony is silent for a while .
te	I	She already looked awful , with dark beneath circles her eyes .
te	O	Had any of it been worth it ?
te	I	That was the part I didn 't want around best my friend .
te	O	My gaze pinned on his fine form , watching him work and do the things that powerful men like him did .
te	I	Matt understood her distance and helped by being a good board sounding .
te	I	The older slammed man his hands on his desk and stood , leaning forward menacingly .
te	O	As if his hands had always ached for the touch of her .
te	I	The whisper of his breath on her skin made shiver her .
te	O	Kira and I both looked up at him .
te	I	' Heating 's on timer a .
te	O	It increased yet I still stood just as before on the black sand in the middle of nothingness .
te	O	Not even his sister or brother .
te	I	Here , try it on me , Max said , ambling Sofie toward .
te	I	I would that change conclusion later .
te	I	She was very attentive , up sitting straight with a lovely profile .
te	I	He looked himself at in the mirror with approval .
te	I	Before Bern could even execute a nod , Luther for answered him .
te	O	He smiled , more content than he 'd ever been in his existence .
te	I	Haze wiped his beard with the back of his hand , and gestured for me eat to .
te	I	He glanced up they as neared the ambulance .
te	I	He wouldn 't , or couldn 't , where say .
te	I	I convinced four them of to piss in a mason jar each .
te	I	Plump apples dangled enticingly from the limbs were or scattered everywhere in the grass , not even a nibble taken from the skin .
te	I	Sharp stones wedged into 's Lord spine and added more agony .
te	O	What should he do ?
te	O	Phillip leaned over and patted him gently on the arm .
te	I	You 're smart , beautiful , hilarious and .
te	O	Carolina leans across the distance between them to shake his shoulder but he 's already retreated to the inside of his mind .
te	O	I had heard enough , I wanted to destroy it using every remainder of my strength .
te	O	But they shared a romantic , storybook kind of love .
te	O	He exhaled toward the sky , spoke quietly .
te	O	Dornan looks from me to his son and sighs .
te	I	he asked , looking and sheepish adorable .
te	O	I never drank milk on race day .
te	I	Whilst he slept still , I carried him through the water to the island where his kind lived .
te	I	My mom used to watch those soaps cheesy all the time .
te	O	Across the road and up the opposite slope .
te	I	He just at looked her , face blank , but she could sense the uncertainty he was feeling .
te	I	She didn 't Sampson know 's attack hadn 't been meant to hurt her .
te	I	It Temple 's , she says .
te	I	I think that this note maybe a hoax even you if don 't .
te	O	I 'll save it for a special occasion .
te	I	He reached down and tugged that thong from her and rubbed tender her flesh with strong strokes .
te	O	Max must have rolled over inside the bathroom because he suddenly kicked the wall , and Emma froze .
te	O	Her eyes slide open a crack .
te	O	The jury had seen the footage of him entering the building .
te	I	Don 't shy be ; the deeper the better .
te	O	Olivia 's knees gave in , and Stacy reached out to steady her .
te	O	I wanted you to take it out so that you didn 't embarrass your father .
te	O	Childhood was rough in the middle ages -- only 40 % of children survived the gauntlet of illnesses to adulthood .
te	I	Even the inspector chief thinks it 's a gang of hoodlums .
te	I	Hopefully it wouldn 't take much too time .
te	O	He was in her apartment once , but he didn 't see her in a nightshirt until now .
te	I	Sofia a is fine looking dame .
te	O	My fingers closed around the vial .
te	I	Then he lowered his head and nuzzled palms her .
te	I	They him had cornered .
te	I	Abby grabbed potholder a and poured coffee for her guest .
te	I	When they reached the copse , they stopped and Paul leant against the bark mossy of a tree , needing to catch his breath for a moment .
te	O	Too many , by my count .
te	I	Without knowing , Victoria walked towards him embraced and him all of a sudden as she closed her eyes .
te	I	He 'd tempted been -- tempted almost beyond reason .
te	I	His eyes are bright , and he 's smiling he as takes a bite of steak .
te	O	Nightmares or not , I was being totally , utterly pathetic .
te	O	Silently he slid into the tub and reached for her , turning her into his chest with his strong arms , giving her no chance to protest .
te	O	Scarlet stood on the threshold with a concerned look in her face .
te	O	He did not even need to look down at what he was doing .
te	I	Mia felt her first butterfly , which awoke from a long sleep and started move to timidly .
te	I	I shake head my .
te	I	The recently converted apartments were seen as potential targets for the IRA , as housed they senior government officials .
te	O	I was caught up in Bryan , no matter how hard I tried to protect myself .
te	I	Dressed in Army formal blues with three rows of citation bars and two ribbons , I am wheeled away from the rostrum by a military aide .
te	O	We leave you this and wish you well .
te	O	I 'm sitting in my hospital bed waiting for my doctor to show up and discharge me after he decided to keep me for one more night .
te	I	I carefully out pulled a knife .
te	I	I tell can he is nervous about asking me .
te	O	Well , killed him off at least .
te	O	Nikolai lowered his fists and backed away , inhaling deeply .
te	I	Kenny gaze 's fell again , but he nodded .
te	I	Unlike Taylor and Josh , he would never leave her because wasn she 't what he wanted her to be .
te	I	Suddenly the cut engine out .
te	O	The movement only made her stumble , putting unwanted pressure on her lame foot .
te	O	Admittedly , she 'd picked up and taken off without warning and without thinking through every detail of her sudden disappearance .
te	O	He watched Aquarius through the windshield walking up to the office door and entering the building .
te	O	Sarah turned a puzzled look to her brother 's wife .
te	O	he asked , trying to get into the spirit of the occasion .
te	I	She pushed from away him before it could .
te	O	If Ivan 's theory was right , Chad was a mere half vampire until he killed someone .
te	I	Every forty minutes or so they came down alone and walked wearily to their cars drove and away .
te	I	The followed mist me .
te	I	I 't couldn tell for sure .
te	I	Ruby walked many for hours .
te	O	As best as I could remember , I told her how someone had spotted Jacob going through my backpack , stealing my wallet .
te	O	Once the companions had made their way back to the road , they found the road a muddy , sludgy mess .
te	I	You haven had 't it that long .
te	I	It was an unexpected twist among dead the .
te	O	When James lost custody of Isaac , do you think he should have reacted in a different way ?
te	O	I laughed as we rose from our chairs and headed toward the entrance along with another woman who had just walked up .
te	I	Jonah opened his mouth closed and it again .
te	O	Which added to her feeling of defeat , as though she was fated to be drawn to men who would never ultimately satisfy her .
te	O	He stood and pointed it out to Chris .
te	O	He held me , stroking my back as my emotions leaked out .
te	I	a dangerous place , but the also place where ?
te	O	But Simon didn 't feel dead .
te	O	The windmills on the hilltops Look like arrows in a dragon 's spine .
te	O	' Don 't make jokes about it , ' hissed Gollum .
te	I	Suddenly , I didn 't care about him being another with woman last night .
te	I	Eddie inserted a knife under flap the , then sliced through the seal and the paper .
te	O	I 'd learnt that much in my travels .
te	O	I turn just in time to see Daniel coming in to the room .
te	O	The same salty blood-soaked meat .
te	I	He narrowed his eyes me at .
te	O	The stress he put on the last two words was weighted with cold .
te	I	She thought she a heard shout and she turned around to see Aidan pounding through the cocoon .
te	I	Not I that stopped him .
te	O	The shelter must have become Thomas 's private storage shelter after Wesley died .
te	I	If the weather is suitable we are going to climb one of those mountains with Huw as guide our .
te	O	I 've missed this .
te	O	You leave them alone .
te	I	Sky called through door the , trying unsuccessfully to release the handle .
te	O	I curled my hands into fists .
te	I	With his thick fingers , he popped the button of the sheath and drew the blade , the leaving sheath on the desk .
te	O	Jace was a hunky guy and she was ... well ... an inferior model .
te	O	My legs couldn 't withhold my weight anymore and I fell to the floor .
te	O	Heavy footsteps approach , pause outside .
te	I	Just I as had to do today .
te	I	What if she had right the address ?
te	O	Horace , who had been waiting patiently at the entry foyer , whimpered a ' hello ' that went unnoticed in the deep discussion .
te	O	He flicked on a monitor on the wall .
te	O	Eadie followed , bidding him go with her .
te	O	It filled her with a strange , empty , hollow feeling , like the world was turning gray and hard to make out anymore .
te	I	We weren keeping 't track of the numbers anymore .
te	O	My bet was that this was the work of a number of magic users , a thought that made me grit my teeth in frustration .
te	O	In a flash , her normal bitchy expression returned .
te	O	He announced he had a surprise , which immediately put David on his guard .
te	I	As usual , timing my sucked .
te	O	Lukas went over to the window and glanced out .
te	I	With time enough to pause , he was thinking , and remembered he in short order how this was all her fault .
te	I	Giving him a look of appalled distaste , she decided to another take swig .
te	I	Brows winged over eyes dark as as they were fathomless .
te	O	My blood is already poisoned .
te	O	The water on the stove began to steam , and I pulled out the bottle , tested it on my forearm .
te	I	But now Smith Ryder and in less than twenty-four hours .
te	I	She caught the sickening chemical odor of emanating cocaine from his pores .
te	O	I point to the boxes of pasta and the pot of water .
te	I	I became aware the of sudden quiet around us .
te	I	My bones like felt mush already .
te	I	While she spoke , Gray 's attention focused upon a on structure the far side of the bowl .
te	O	Trying to glide in and out of me without it hurting too much .
te	I	Jenna felt the blood coldly settle into her lower gut as she pictured reentering the trap she just had escaped .
te	O	It was the same handwriting that was on the sixth-grade mural where everyone had to stamp their handprints and write a few adjectives about themselves .
te	I	Would cover he his eyes ?
te	O	He walked around the table , considering what was open to him .
te	O	Adam grinned at me again .
te	O	What was he going to do ?
te	O	I don 't know how .
te	I	4 He didn 't have to think twice about doing as he been 'd ordered .
te	I	I shouldn 't have him seen .
te	O	Madison picked up her routine cleaning around the apartment .
te	O	She frowned at him .
te	O	Healers went around between the mats checking on the patients .
te	O	Since Abbie admitted she changed the entire training program based on Lily 's objection , the little digs just didn 't have the power they once had .
te	I	I needed hear to her say what she wanted from me .
te	O	He scooped her up effortlessly and she slept before she reached the bed .
te	I	Again , every instinct her told she should .
te	O	He tried it again , reluctant to agree with her .
te	I	It seemed I did , before I gave it my attention , but as I examine myself honestly , have I no history .
te	I	What was wrong human with females that they didn 't have sense to find shelter ?
te	I	I at stared him and kept my voice even .
te	O	That thought made me blush as I walked back into the bar .
te	I	I laugh him at .
te	I	Cassie felt the sensation in whole her body .
te	I	Frowning , I hoisted the weight of bag my over my shoulder .
te	I	My breath froze in my throat as two footsteps heavier than my mom 's crossed the hall and started the up steps .
te	I	His dream was to escape it and all make his own life story .
te	O	Two men walked across the footbridge .
te	I	I stretch my small hand out to touch the characters on the just wall to feel them and know they are real as I pass them .
te	O	Kara waved her fingers .
te	I	He held her for several minutes -- until he felt tears her fall on his forearm .
te	O	Bill Whitman was listening .
te	O	I noticed she didn 't bring up Scott as potential boyfriend material .
te	I	I 'd say the is mountain pretty much the same on both sides .
te	O	Once , when Joanna lived in Philadelphia after college , she 'd watched out her apartment window as a young guy robbed an old woman .
te	O	They were part of an incredibly sophisticated advertising campaign for a movie or product that was yet to be revealed .
te	I	She wanted to make this house ring with laughter for him , and make to Hawthorne seem beautiful to him .
te	I	He looked down at her , and a low rumbling sound started in his chest , working to up the back of his throat .
te	I	Seth grinned and got up another for soda .
te	O	She tossed it to me .
te	O	He went down to the exercise room at the house and I unpacked the bags that we 'd brought back with us .
te	O	But she doubted he 'd care about anything except the destruction of his all-important reputation .
te	O	She could feel the strong thump of his heart and the outline of his muscular chest through his shirt .
te	I	He entered it hesitation without , pulling her with him .
te	I	A light new seemed to dawn upon my mind , and bounding with joy , I communicated my discovery to my mother .
te	O	And after a while , it almost did - I almost felt like things were okay between us .
te	I	I stood up , hands full of lace and cotton , and glanced the at window .
te	O	He wanted to make sure he did it right .
te	I	Chris chuckled for the first last and time that day .
te	O	His poker face needed some work .
te	I	I guess maybe I didn 't tell you much about your father because I was ashamed I fell in with love him .
te	I	The thing only rougher than alcohol with an official licence was the state of your tongue the morning after .
te	I	Instead they were now the al ies her of kind .
te	I	Standing on the top of the white gleaming cliffs and looking down the at scene it was awe inspiring .
te	I	There would be very little downtime , if any all at .
te	I	Only when my threatened mother to take me to a kidney specialist did I finally stay in bed .
te	I	Then she said to me , ' Pastor , he felt he had to you tell about this . '
te	I	Dee even hanging started out with them the times he 'd brought Bethany to their house .
te	O	' You would be right .
te	I	She turned and glanced at me , green her eyes flashing .
te	O	Sure , she barked when a stranger came to the door , but once Lauren made it clear the stranger was welcome , she backed off .
te	O	It was all she could do to maintain the focus she needed to stay aloft .
te	I	The air is hot thick and .
te	I	Who would ever attempt to get enough close to reach the man within ?
te	O	Or was she just looking for solitude ?
te	O	Besides , we 'll need the marriage license under our useable ID .
te	I	He was already lounging in the dining patio she when arrived .
te	I	He reached over and took hold of her hand as he took the exit Layton .
te	O	When we got to the hotel , my hands were shaking .
te	O	She glanced up at us .
te	I	When she looked up , could he see the uncertainty in her expression .
te	O	He holds your family responsible for the hardships he and his ancestors have endured over the years .
te	O	At least she still thought I was funny .
te	O	He would not , could not go into a hometown bar and drink soda .
te	O	Once I was plugged in , he pushed play , watching me as I listened .
te	I	Nicola shook her head , then moved position into .
te	I	He wasn 't wearing even a coat .
te	I	It would be so easier much .
te	I	I out stuck my foot tripped him over .
te	O	There is no us .
te	I	Noah him flashed a smile .
te	O	The ruby was a gift for his cooperation , as were the occasional delivered purses of more loose gems .
te	O	Jeff had been watching the ship from the moment they were in sight .
te	I	He could only what imagine Nikolas would do should he notice this .
te	I	But there were three other accommodations scattered across the island , and I hadn 't really had much to with do their guests or employees .
te	O	Unlike Greg and Lisa , Wes had never been a fan of her relationship with Cal .
te	O	The operator across from Gottfried winced .
te	I	The rock sloped edge ends .
te	I	I stood up ; followed she .
te	I	He 's cupping my cheeks , waiting for me to break silence the between us .
te	O	He knew that Tanya liked to keep him in his place .
te	O	But it has not .
te	O	Not looking the way she looked and being the way she was .
te	O	I 'd never seen this girl before , but something about her had ignited a feeling of warmth inside of me .
te	O	Salvatore commented that he thought it was quite bland , and given the time he would have made a better job .
te	I	She down looked from the tree she was hiding in .
te	O	There 's nothing left .
te	O	Her thick auburn hair hung in a braid , thick as a rope .
te	O	She would have given anything for a phone call , an email , or God , a surprise appearance on her doorstep .
te	I	Birds chirped and from flew the trees happily .
te	I	Was he to trying insult her in some way ?
te	I	I have never said that to anyone than other my parents and my sister .
te	I	It wasn enough 't .
te	O	She 's the type of girl who doesn 't seem to realize the effect she has on people .
te	I	He didn look 't at me .
te	O	It 's pretty clear that it 's haunted . '
te	I	I closer stomped , inches from his face .
te	I	She 'd had time to see herself as seductress the instead of the one being seduced .
te	O	She wouldn 't find it without being honest with herself , and with him .
te	O	He howled like one of his beloved dogs , but I raced from the room .
te	I	He had taught well her .
te	O	I can 't think straight .
te	O	If I get married to her .
te	O	She was tired , she missed her children and she wasn 't used to hearing him snap at her .
te	O	He drew his gun and barked orders at me .
te	O	I nodded , and he set his hand on my back .
te	O	They were neatly fringed , but not stained or dyed except for Damon 's , which , of course , were black with sable fur .
te	I	Then they drink down wine their and sit and go back to staring at me .
te	I	I saw death my in her eyes .
te	O	I reached my hand down into his pants and held his erection in my hands , delighting in the feel of him growing as I squeezed it .
te	I	A man this like General Turan did not deserve a soldier in drab .
te	I	Not the heat , not boredom the , not the endless space of summer laid out before him .
te	O	Next year I would start to take care , build more humus .
te	O	His quiet voice pulses around me like a second heartbeat .
te	O	Beth wiped her hands on a dish towel .
te	I	As she wondering sat what to do next , the email signal chimed .
te	I	I wanted to ask her why she was so being decent , but couldn 't think of a way to phrase it that wasn 't offensive .
te	O	' Well , there is one other person .
te	I	Standing in the way of the sun rays 's , they made the grove seem somehow darker .
te	I	A few their moved gaze toward the coughs .
te	O	They had no sooner finished a small meal of bread and cheese when Betty and her son arrived .
te	O	It would be long and bloody , but it was inevitable .
te	I	She braced for herself what might come next .
te	I	She glanced at Christophe , a frown her wrinkling brow .
te	O	All Jacqueline cared about was holding this beautiful baby once again .
te	O	It was past nine when Amy reached her apartment .
te	I	He never did anything on a scale small , and his single-minded goal of making her happy had touched her soul .
te	I	He 'd had snuff to that notion fast .
te	I	He it read aloud so I would know what it said .
te	O	I never thought he 'd go to such lengths to try to find it .
te	I	There was a narrow alley in between the back gates of two the houses .
te	O	I knew then there was no one watching over us .
te	I	Startled , jerked he his hand away .
te	I	Redding didn 't hesitate , even not for a second .
te	O	She squinted into the shadows on the other side of the vast dome and saw the dim , green glow of a computer screen .
te	I	He cocked his eyebrow and turned a on show on MTV .
te	O	He 'd feared that want .
te	O	Then the dead would get justice .
te	I	Then again , I suspected lawyers most of having something dark inside them , just like Jack Crush , even Terrance had a dark side .
te	O	We crank up the heat to 100 degrees .
te	I	He pulls out his radio , I 'm assuming in an attempt to call in report the .
te	I	Another family touched by struggle the raging between me and hell .
te	I	His answer made her smile , revealing front that teeth were still a bit too big for her mouth .
te	I	Was her it imagination , or was there more of the brown stuff on him than yesterday ?
te	O	They declared they were ' resigning their follies ' and starting a new life .
te	I	The nearest tree a was cypress poking its head out from over the roof .
te	I	I made it clear that I wasn 't good at pretending and didn 't want to her owe anything .
te	O	But this new little revelation was stunning .
te	O	Wish when I find someone they are not trying to eat or rob me .
te	O	Risking visibility for several seconds , he passed between the Buick and the Jeep , but they didn 't see him .
te	I	But something about split-second that image caught at his memory , drawing his reluctant gaze back .
te	I	Donna drove on looking for road the that would lead to Danny 's trailer .
te	O	The snow beneath that man 's face was rapidly turning red .
te	I	Indeed , the clean living Bart had Zeigler found his addiction .
te	I	I back started to the office .
te	I	How I could do that !
te	I	' My birthday sixteenth ? '
te	O	Another plane blasted overhead .
te	I	He feel 'd much better after a good battle .
te	I	But was it too late .
te	I	It nice was to make new friends , especially ones out of the blue .
te	I	Ashe stared Ren at .
te	I	It definitely 't wasn just sexual .
te	O	And the way he stared at me , so transfixed and intense , slightly frightened me but also made me feel wanted and alive .
te	O	She 'd been too shocked and hurt to blast him when he 'd destroyed her hopes and shattered her dreams .
te	I	My people guarded have it for many centuries , and others of magic protected it before the druids .
te	I	The small band of friends moved away from thyme the and continued to pick other herbs and ingredients .
te	I	There the doctor opposite sat them .
te	I	He be would dead .
te	O	Eye opening statistics . )
te	I	It 't wasn uncontrollable .
te	O	From experience Lindy knew mornings had never been Rush 's favorite time of day .
te	I	The men must have wandered off , because she no longer heard them beyond threshold the .
te	O	Edward bellowed into the phone line .
te	I	Instead , he stalked toward and Shane stopped when he was less than a foot away from the vampire .
te	I	I cover my nose with hand my .
te	O	The first valuable thing he 'd said so far .
te	O	All the while , Heisenberg was typing away at the terminal , making delicate adjustments to the system while the countdown continued .
te	I	Even the steel of cars didn 't stop her , and now she to began panic .
te	I	You 're what he to needs reach the next level .
te	I	He might tell I you was magic , but not the kind you 're thinking .
te	O	She wanted to tell him this , but all she could do was reach out and trace her fingers lightly over his skin , words failing her .
te	O	asks a woman with a funny accent .
te	O	I didn 't want to know .
te	I	She had been working so hard and had done everything so well she had been certain she would be the selected one for this trip .
te	I	Tom could see him still curled on up the sofa , breathing heavily , lips moving slightly .
te	I	If he hadn 't heard the rumors , he didn 't need know to that it was self-induced .
te	I	The phone made a bumping noise as she ears shifted .
te	I	Once the bullet was out ... she came to back life , so to speak .
te	I	It 's harsh and painful most of the time , and it not 's for the timid .
te	O	And how she couldn 't solve more than half of those one-minute mysteries her fellow mystery writers were so keen on writing ?
te	I	And I don 't know what I should have done it with when I got home .
te	O	Hell , it was Davis who provided the girl Mulholland in the first place .
te	O	Ava followed my mother .
te	I	He had just walked a into hurricane because he cared for me .
te	I	Just we until leave in September .
te	I	The majors do anything to sell records in Britain because it 's the key to the rest of world the . '
te	I	I shook my head and paced office the .
te	I	Over homemade pasties , vegetable and soup tea , they discussed what happened in their lives in the past four years .
te	O	With a swift kick Erik sent the ladder flying away from the Garnier .
te	O	I 'm not saying your brother or sister , or even first cousins , but your grandmother had siblings and so did your other grandparents .
te	O	The four students nodded in agreement .
te	O	Tears gathered at the corners of her eyes .
te	I	Myers furrowed his brow and slowly away walked .
te	I	She locked behind it her .
te	I	Trajan 's blood has kept alive her and youthful and strong for so long .
te	I	He must not have dyed it then back .
te	O	I kneeled down and dug the bleach out of the cabinet under the sink .
te	O	When Dale told me his full name for the first time , I couldn 't believe it .
te	I	His dad is entrepreneur an of some internet business , and they 're loaded .
te	I	We both had tears our in eyes as we pulled apart , and I already missed my vivacious friend .
te	I	She had a strong practical streak , expressed in her vegetable and herb gardens ; she satisfied her craving beauty for with the flower gardens in front .
te	O	The scene I saw added more fuel to the fire in me .
te	O	And why was I reduced to following him ?
te	I	He showed me drawings his .
te	I	His dark narrowed eyes as he focused his gaze on his cousin .
te	O	He sank in , forcing her slick tissues to spread for him , to accept him .
te	I	His thumb hovered above Evy 's name and he shut his eyes as grimace a rolled through him .
te	O	He held her gift close to his heart , debating what to do with it .
te	I	I screamed my agitation out and with the piercing shout came torrents of shooting fire out of my palms .
te	O	I was panting by the time I reached the animal shelter , hoping they were open .
te	O	Sheep baa 'd , high up on the Chalk .
te	O	Something of a metaphoric sight considering how the year of marriage went .
te	I	First of all , we 're very with happy what you 're doing here .
te	O	His hair was as dark as the night and cropped short .
te	I	* A small crowd had gathered on the second floor balcony outside hallway the to the manager 's office .
te	O	I knocked on the door , the few seconds I waited felt like hours .
te	I	You get ten shots turn each .
te	O	Could she stand by Lauren and watch her belly grow and grow ?
te	I	Being an Arsenal fan this had seemed to swing my decision to in move with Emma .
te	O	There were some walls missing , making the space feel more open .
te	I	We only use them for very short or distances when the fusion reactor is broken down .
te	O	She grabs my door .
te	O	The kid can 't stay here they 'd haul him off as an accomplice .
te	O	Thick dust and the rubble of masonry and plaster covered everything so as to make you pick your way with care .
te	O	I get some of my best stories from lip reading . '
te	I	The front end extended farther from the ship still and bore the traditional ' living ' eyes on either side .
te	O	Jeddah rose to prominence in the Arab world through oil dollars .
te	I	The was problem that as soon as I started to talk about it Marshall began to cut my food and then feed me .
te	O	I want the bastard who thinks it 's funny to taunt me with my daughter .
te	I	He his pursed lips , studying me .
te	O	Russ finished his beer , then belched and crushed the can .
te	I	CHAPTER FIVE Ellie was dressed and in ready record time , hardly dragging her feet at all .
te	I	It a was dead end .
te	I	What if Simon came back Olivia after ?
te	I	Xavier rose to his feet , his fingers rested briefly on the table as he the surveyed room .
te	O	Vin had trouble determining their purpose .
te	I	I glanced back at her one more before time turning off the light and shutting the door behind us .
te	O	The boy leaned forward as she buckled in .
te	I	Halen hit the staircase full at tilt , taking the stairs two at a time , silently cursing at himself every time he stumbled in his haste .
te	O	Cynthiana thrashed in her restraints , eyes flashing emerald and fanged mouth snapping while she spat out threats as vicious as they were futile .
te	O	He closed his eyes as he remembered how he hadn 't cared who was around them on the street .
te	O	All the man remembered was the cruel darkness that seemed to follow that man .
te	I	The sniper located on the balcony directly below Garcia the pulled bill of his hat to the back .
te	I	It was the most powerful kingdom the in world .
te	I	Just the thought of made her me cringe .
te	I	There was something about John Judge that gave him hope even though the at time he was in a hopeless position .
te	I	Carson Smith , a bartender in the saloon , was waving us him toward .
te	I	The only way 'd he managed to get as far as he had in the culinary school they 'd both attended was by cheating .
te	I	This must how be I broke through the concrete in Warner 's torture chamber .
te	I	The henhouse was a dingy and gray a distinct odor wafted between its walls .
te	I	No , steady Nikolai would never commit this crime , the punishable one by death .
te	I	He managed to crawl back up to the house by to morning call for help .
te	I	Casey was up on feet her .
te	O	But since the headache had only been an excuse in the first place , Rebecca didn 't feel any guilt about not following orders .
te	I	She no had defense .
te	I	She pulled on the handle and cracked open door the .
te	O	Ethan 's car was parked in a secured lot beside the station .
te	O	In the end , it was Barney 's speed and cunning ability to avoid the whipping tentacles that made sane reasoning finally return .
te	O	Then I tore open the box of crackers and lined them up on my legs .
te	O	He let out a yelp when her hand brushed against the large bump on the back of his head .
te	O	You haven 't forgotten that , have you ?
te	O	When she finished writing about her confrontation with Simone , she stood and handed the note to the servant .
te	I	Standing on the stone steps of old the capitol , I looked around .
te	O	Her adrenaline kicked in to threat level ten .
te	I	She looked him at , impatience swirling in the turbulent blue-green of her eyes .
te	I	Lorelei didn 't have a lot of talents , but could she cook .
te	I	We could 've outrun easily the trucks but I knew what Mage was worried about .
te	I	I teleport my way inside and pull the metal leash dangling from the ceiling , and the fills room with an explosion of light .
te	I	A man 's attention span apt is to be quite short .
te	I	His were eyes a strange color , like stones sparkling with silver grains in the sunlight .
te	I	I who recognise you really are now , Beth .
te	O	He simply changed the odds .
te	O	' Well , the dead are known to speak , sometimes .
te	I	After the big reveal , they 'd visited quite a few times and in kept touch .
te	O	It was obvious Johanna had grown fond of this idea that we should get married and I should be a politician .
te	I	Nate turned down Clover Lane , crossed a few empty streets , and found soon himself on Limerick Court , still running at top speed .
te	O	I 've called damnation on people who left trash .
te	O	But that is just one of the differences between God and us .
te	I	Izzy a smiled little .
te	I	Aly her squeezed back .
te	O	If that was the case than he 'd wait for me .
te	O	Ivan tells Beth to launch the tank last , since it 's pretty obvious and not invisible or camouflaged .
te	O	But make no mistake ; such people are well trained in PR , as well as intelligence .
te	I	For the first time , Gavin seemed to realize the enormity what of had happened .
te	I	If was there one thing I was use to , it was being hit on .
te	O	The people began to loathe on you .
te	I	I think Mr. Vella has plans in place and is ready act to upon them .
te	O	He met my eyes , but I looked away .
te	O	He did and I will never forgive him with that .
te	O	Sunder pressed a button on the remote and the chains picked me up of the ground .
te	I	No , not as he if were doing it .
te	O	It was that interest in witchcraft that got us talking , and eventually we became friends .
te	I	I 'd always alone felt .
te	O	She spun around and walked onto the carpet .
te	O	The silence in the room was agonising .
te	I	His eyes emerald were tender even though his face was as hard as granite .
te	I	I march to up him and shove him hard so he stumbles back into the front end of his car .
te	O	Her green eyes fixed on his lips , the lower of which was stil bleeding .
te	O	The last thing I needed right now was to see more muscled men causing a commotion .
te	I	Son a of bitch .
te	O	I slip on pajamas and climb into bed with my laptop .
te	I	The I day had been waiting my whole life for .
te	I	Kate said , diving the into box .
te	O	I 'm silent , unsure of how to respond when he leans down to kiss my cheek .
te	O	Your car is a perfect virgin .
te	I	Ric and Rodrick had been hanging in the background , watching , Katie until turned and walked to both of them .
te	I	I 'm to going do what I want .
te	I	Whatever she came up with had to him get out of there and quickly .
te	I	When we get inside , I know that I have to leave and Marceline find .
te	I	I knew that I was giving Logan up when my paid dad for his brother 's treatment , but I didn 't think it would be permanent .
te	I	He glanced up at the ceiling twenty above feet their heads .
te	O	She hated this feeling welling up inside .
te	I	Theo resolved seek to one out .
te	O	She frowned in disapproval .
te	I	Donnie with his polished head that he rubs down with oil baby .
te	I	It has to be back the courtyard .
te	I	I had so many more questions , but as I opened my mouth to ask them , she held a up human hand .
te	I	Besides , having something around needing fixed was what he himself had needed for long a time .
te	O	I had the feeling they were both very young in the life .
te	O	The water was beating against her , slipping and sliding down her abdomen , daring him to follow and drink .
te	O	In the dim light that filtered through the window on the second floor landing , the stain looked particularly foreboding .
te	I	He out burst laughing .
te	I	In the dim light I give him a look meaningful .
te	O	She handed Vane a small votive candle .
te	O	Michaels realized he hadn 't spoken to this particular individual about his search .
te	I	Nothing - Rock scraped on lightly rock .
te	O	Hell , he couldn 't even get enough balls to kiss her .
te	I	Was he burning Kat telling without them ?
te	O	Lauren was now seventeen , tall and beautiful like her mother , but she had the cold resentment of someone abandoned in her eyes .
te	O	Way too soon , he heard a car pull in the driveway and a car door slam .
te	I	I could make a only partial identification . '
te	O	He was from here , had some connections and knew the area .
te	O	She moved past him and behind the counter to the spot where she 'd placed the video .
te	I	Every part of me begged and for yearned him .
te	O	She couldn 't get into Equity or SAG because she hadn 't yet gotten enough experience .
te	O	Nevertheless , it was a good place for them to set up camp for the night .
te	I	I let him win the first game , but he knew it , although he didn say 't anything .
te	O	In the middle of the ring of salt is a plate , holding a blob of reddish clay about the size of a fist .
te	I	My original perception of him seemed to holding be true ... he was a creep .
te	I	She began to breathe faster , and her began brow to sweat .
te	O	As if he knew and understood , he changed his position slightly and adjusted his motion , twisting his hips each time his body connected with hers .
te	O	When I didn 't make any headway I checked my hand for what she handed me .
te	I	She gave me a vicious and smile then turned to Brodie .
te	O	He found some names of hosting providers in Africa as well as a few subversive Chinese sites , which he was leery of .
te	O	Destiny waited , watching his every move .
te	O	They talked for thirty minutes , and he noticed she displayed no urgency to leave .
te	I	We should just about forget it .
te	O	Luca stood abruptly and marched out of the room , cell phone in hand .
te	O	Reach a hand up to cup your breast .
te	O	Now if any of you have already been victims of this , why would you want it to happen to someone else ?
te	O	Henry 's hand , apparently prehensile in his inebriated state , found its way to a position squarely placed on the poor girl 's rather shapely bottom .
te	I	Long since past her embarrassment in front of Clayton , took she her time tying the bodice of her nightgown closed , too exhausted to hurry .
te	O	On the memorial plaque there had been just a single circle with an X across it as a sign of honor to their fallen hero .
te	I	At least I finally had come to accept that my mind had indeed travelled into another dimension , for real .
te	O	Talk about mixed signals .
te	O	In case others were watching .
te	I	He stopped listened and .
te	I	She remembered to wash her hair , thought Samantha proudly .
te	I	She muttered something under her breath , but he couldn 't what understand she was saying .
te	I	Man would have one job and that was to cultivate to or till a place that God called the Garden of Eden .
te	I	As he began understand to , she covered the body over .
te	I	I should realized have that something like that could have happened .
te	I	The room stank like pitch fire and , sulfur and the unmistakable taint of demon blood .
te	I	The normally unflappable Burke was strangely quiet , an air of melancholy hanging his around head .
te	O	He hesitated right outside the doorway .
te	O	His heart pounded as he exploded upward , away from the water , away from ... What ?
te	O	Besides , her arm still hurt worse than she 'd let on .
te	I	He brushed the hair away from her neck so that he could nip skin her .
te	I	I look toward it , my and insides go soft just thinking about her .
te	I	I woke up with drool on my cheek and cramp a in my back .
te	O	I don 't know what I was thinking .
te	I	Then lowered she the burner .
te	O	Part of me had known I couldn 't last this long .
te	O	I know that now .
te	I	But when Serena opens eyes her , Kai is still in front of her waiting .
te	O	It was such a monumentally stupid thing to do .
te	O	Hell , no , he didn 't trust any other wolf with her .
te	O	Giving her a heart-stopping smile , he stood and moved to the bed .
te	O	Don 't let me down .
te	O	Our dishes flew off the table and ceiling tiles crashed .
te	O	A horn blared and angry words rose from the other vehicle .
te	I	Jason looked down at list her , his eyebrows going up at some of the items .
te	I	I look so different -- more grown up , pretty even .
te	O	Darren stared by with brooding , dark brown eyes .
te	I	Likewise , he glared at her dark skin , her braids , and the look her in big brown eyes .
te	O	Boy , she was in morally ambiguous territory all the way around .
te	I	Then I our saw house .
te	I	Do miss you me ?
te	I	My mind goes several in different directions .
te	O	The entire event was reported to the media as a mishap due to a fault in the ship 's navigation systems during a severe winter storm .
te	O	Her being so emotional didn 't help with my wanted to severe ties .
te	O	Abraham snapped his fingers .
te	O	The staffer in the cafeteria was correct .
te	O	That idea shattered to pieces as Jess saw more stars than she 'd ever seen in her life .
te	I	He still hasn 't faced his own agony yet , but knows he at some point he will .
te	I	You hear that all the time , conquers love all , but I 'd never seen it , so I kept my mouth shut .
te	I	Every squeeze had the exact force , each and rub nip and dig the exact roughness to extract maximum pleasure from her every nerve ending .
te	O	He takes a breath , and then his expression hardens .
te	I	Baths were given in cold several water times throughout the day .
te	O	She 'd wanted him to go away .
te	I	Something up is , I think to myself .
te	I	Gods , and he was beauty a .
te	O	Maybe the kid had a point .
te	I	My advisers campaign have decided this should be my new look .
te	O	Dahlia slipped into the water .
te	O	I knew my efforts were in vain ; I wanted only the distraction of the effort .
te	I	Ethan moved on past a ratty sofa a to bookshelf .
te	I	She uttered something , but I couldn hear 't what .
te	I	This was encounter getting odder and odder .
te	I	His shoulders sagged and I could feel him let up on gas the .
te	O	Every muscle was sore , her mouth raw from Eric 's wild kisses .
te	O	It has been the greatest joy of my life , seeing you again .
te	I	He shook head his and snorted .
te	I	The prison psychiatrist encouraged Lauren to talk to Beth about the and familiar about Lauren 's life .
te	I	It 's an called arm .
te	O	We waved at him as we approached .
te	O	I didn 't need them .
te	O	Guy 's voice was heavy with feeling , almost as heavy as the arm that wound around Paige 's narrow waist .
te	O	CM : But , you did write a lot from your life , yes ?
te	O	After his call that Thursday night , even Allie hadn 't been expecting him .
te	I	I decided to think about it later , when was I alone .
te	I	Exposed to her more than just physically , had Nick never felt closer to Rena .
te	I	I 't didn like this .
te	I	She really didn 't want to in land the wrong time without him by her side .
te	I	I swallowed and turned toward front the of the room .
te	I	The cleaning crew had already left , so we were alone and didn 't need to worry about eyes prying .
te	I	We will do only what been has bargained for , nothing more .
te	O	As my fingers trawled for coins , I glanced over the narrow cobbled street .
te	I	I think it 's going to take them a lot longer than they anticipated to them find .
te	O	My parents ' inn was rated at five .
te	I	I certainly hadn 't been grad considering school .
te	O	You never can tell . '
te	O	He could not imagine any other life now .
te	I	Why a such sense of anticipation ?
te	O	Then Miss Peregrine pecked it on the head .
te	I	You are compelled to your views by a blind faith a in caring God .
te	O	Zach blinked again , then looked through the empty window of the wall , out into the darkness .
te	I	He raced after her , long strides easily catching up as they ran to the ... backyard there he was .
te	I	The adrenaline pounded in my veins , a demanding release .
te	O	His fingers slowed , and his eyes took on a faraway look .
te	O	Clary 's neck was aching , her whole body on fire , her mouth dry .
te	O	Perhaps she was assessing my response , to see if I were following her .
te	O	He pulled her into his arms and let her cry .
te	I	But we ha ' bigger a concern .
te	I	Evidently she 's learned that we can eliminate her children without much difficulty , so she 'd rather not have to us come up against .
te	O	And she did not fear him , concerned he was a stalker or psychotic ; he had given her a book and nothing more .
te	O	My eyes stung with tears that I fought to keep back .
te	O	Dark Wing had taken their own plane , so Black Diamond and the crew traveled together .
te	I	Like me , he loved indie stuff , so we turned up the Lumineers and jammed out to Dead Sea Charlie and Boy .
te	I	It was exactly how she 'd given herself away the in first place .
te	I	I cringe at thought the .
te	O	She locked her diary up , threw it in her desk drawer and swung open her bedroom door .
te	O	They came from two different worlds .
te	I	But all can I think about is the woman in front of me and the familiar way she looks .
te	I	I joined in as I knew the class was over finally .
te	O	He continued down the two flights of stairs , stepped off the ship , and walked down the gangway .
te	O	The cook stuck his head out of the kitchen .
te	O	She 'd waited for the response , for the class picture to appear .
te	I	He scooped up her door key and the she handbag had laid on the kitchenette counter when she 'd grabbed for the telephone .
te	I	Something inside of whispered me that my child was safe in my arms .
te	I	I been 've in your mind .
te	O	I knew ... and that was all that mattered .
te	O	Kidnapping was bad enough .
te	I	the man said , his tone now more insistent it than had been .
te	O	It was warm in the late October day , but Peter still wore a long jacket .
te	I	Phil invited Mitch to take Ayanna 's in place the Academy .
te	O	And Mr. Crabtree couldn 't even hear it .
te	I	This walked one slowly and left burn marks on the floor that disappeared in seconds .
te	I	I looked back at the table saw and that there was a note lying on it .
te	O	That was a strange feeling .
te	I	Each day doctor the and nurses would come in and check her progress .
te	I	Vincent smiled and brought her hand to lips his .
te	O	If we finally entered into something serious and real again , it would mean opening myself up completely to Jake .
te	O	The vision disappeared , and the face reformed in the cloud over his own .
te	O	Still not worth the anxiety .
te	I	He grinned me at .
te	I	I slid to the ground at feet her .
te	O	He stroked her for what felt like ages , his other hand occasionally brushing against her clitoris as a reminder of what she really needed .
te	I	It had been than more three hours .
te	O	Sparkling waves stretched to the horizon and beyond .
te	I	We 're in secure a , unused terminal .
te	O	I hoped that included Valerie 's parents .
te	I	So close , but far so away .
te	I	Liz said as the four moved out of cover created and a perimeter around the abomination .
te	O	He took the glass and held it .
te	O	I think the truck chased Aubrey down and hit her on purpose .
te	O	The last thing he wanted was to sit around at some dinner party and make nice .
te	O	Michael realized it , too - he and Claire seemed to be more connected to the house than Shane and Eve , generally .
te	O	There were ... groups of girls huddled outside the bathroom , talking , laughing , some sharing lip gloss .
te	I	Jess and sighed sought a safe topic of conversation .
te	I	Lucifer swiveled round in his chair revealing all of his handsome face and the rest of the masterpiece that was fiddle his .
te	O	She buried her fingers into his hair and pulled his mouth to hers .
te	O	he said looking towards his brother .
te	I	She shakes pang a of grief away .
te	O	He 's going to sharpen your blades , clean up the leather , and customize them for the team .
te	O	His muscles flexed as he reached into the nightstand and pulled out a .45 .
te	I	Marcus stares , I and stare back .
te	O	The bureaucracy of getting the needed stamps on the needed papers was staggering .
te	O	Of course , he hadn 't been able to resist the challenge .
te	O	He wasn 't leaving .
te	I	I look at the clock and see that it ten 's thirty .
te	I	That place there out isn 't completely predictable .
te	I	I didn 't really know what say to .
te	O	I wanted to see what you were up to .
te	O	We step out into the dark hallway , so different from the ivory elegance of the upper stories .
te	O	He hiked up his pants , tucked in his shirt and loosened his tie .
te	I	Willard turned and gave Jo his attention full .
te	I	The sound of a voice sobbing quietly next to revealed him that it was the latter .
te	O	Kylie watched Helen sit next to Derek and lean in to whisper something in his ear .
te	I	A wail from rises the crowd .
te	I	In theory , you find could his clothes walking around and knock a building onto him .
te	I	Andy locks the door sighs and .
te	O	Vampires released endorphins into those they drank from , endorphins that created a pleasurable sort of high .
te	O	As he spoke , Julie continued backing away , her eyes growing wider with every word .
te	I	Matty stood up with open arms and leaped Taylor into them .
te	I	You want bluff to on this hand and dump as many cards as you can .
te	O	Tell him or don 't ?
te	O	All four parents hang their heads .
te	I	What she if 's the girl he really wants to be with ?
te	O	Stone was standing near his motorcycle under the carport on his cell phone having a heated argument .
te	I	Logan jerked hand his away from the staff .
te	I	I knew it was written all over my face that I wasn doing 't well .
te	O	After all , she 'd been only twenty-three the first time she saw Ford on stage in that club downtown , young and full of dreams .
te	O	She looked at me in surprise .
te	I	Finally , he placed his on hands his narrow hips and lifted his chin toward my desk .
te	I	I asked , settling on bed the .
te	I	He raised himself up on elbow one to look across at her in the dimness .
te	O	Then he dug back into the hamper .
te	I	Now , do go what you came to do .
te	O	That made her unique in his considerable experience .
te	O	How do you rationalize that for the greater good ?
te	I	Jon rests his elbows on his knees and holds his head his in hands .
te	O	Now satisfied with the result , he decided to move forward towards the other two sentry points .
te	I	The empty seat was to next Bryan .
te	O	He didn 't like her being alone when she looked that tired .
te	I	What they should is ask , what is their own journey ?
te	O	The introductory music started and he walked back to her .
te	I	The more violently she scratched , the more her skin tingled it like was getting hotter and hotter .
te	I	Amma her squeezed eyes tighter .
te	I	Her touched concern me .
te	I	As most of you know , we 've just gone through a three million hundred dollar renovation of the hospital and laboratories .
te	I	I blurted in hushed a whisper .
te	O	Long have we theorized amongst ourselves about who or what had built it , or rather begun it , and why .
te	I	When finished he typing the last number .
te	I	Despair washed over him a like waterfall .
te	I	His body entire tightened .
te	I	That ain 't na gon end well .
te	I	Laurent was of ahead her .
te	I	In front of him , Daniel a saw chubby tree with long , brown pine needles .
te	O	I kept my lips pressed together and nodded .
te	I	He I knew was finally cured .
te	I	She left the room and carried Daisy on wrapping the ornaments .
te	O	The world was not her oyster .
te	I	Then , in perfect timing anti-climactic , the world pops .
te	O	The name of the restaurant wasn 't lit up in bold neon colors .
te	I	The doors blocked Valerie from view , but her sister 's words came loud through and clear .
te	O	If you wish to kill a man , however , you must pull through with the machete and take the man 's head .
te	I	He tucks a piece of hair behind ear my .
te	I	Normally like I to go with my axes but this situation needed to be dealt with quickly .
te	I	You should get either relief way !
te	O	I ran to the bathroom upstairs , slammed the door so they 'd think I was in there , then slipped into Carter 's bedroom .
te	O	And as he ran , he learned how to stay within it .
te	I	By the time Vel returns , it 's evening nearly , though on Gehenna , the sky always looks the same .
te	I	Case heard a slow rumble , too and long too deep to be thunder .
te	O	She tried to stress the word .
te	I	But starry-eyed those assistants did not know what was going on behind the charm he ladled out for their benefit .
te	O	Usually , at this point , he 'd still be at least mostly dressed .
te	I	My heart a beat little erratically as my cheeks felt warm .
te	I	There was it and she grabbed it with every bit of her consciousness .
te	I	Abbi was certainly tougher than she looked .
te	O	I gave it a pat from the top of my shirt .
te	I	That said , she off set , leaving Rome in her wake .
te	O	Claire turns to Jasper .
te	O	Surprise registered in their expressions , quickly followed by satisfaction .
te	O	What had he thought would happen after that ?
te	O	In just two days the blackmail will end .
te	I	He was frozen , could look only at the rock rising from the man 's head and relive the horrible thing he had just done .
te	O	The freshly tilled soil was easy to work and they were done before the sun rose , which was good for the suspicion of the town folk .
te	I	I to wanted walk past all of the brightly painted tourist traps .
te	I	Spencer turned back her to house .
te	O	Fairly straight forward , a decent sized room with not too many awkward bits .
te	I	You 've never tried holding your breath under water for longer than ten seconds , you because believe it 's pointless .
te	I	His single crooked tooth stood out in the dawning light and made him boyish look .
te	O	Alec blinked and engaged thick tears , protecting his eyes from the seraph 's brilliance .
te	O	She scooted onto the windowsill and looked down .
te	O	My mother had never openly protested my relationship with Sydney .
te	I	She swallowed , looking into my eyes as my amulet pulsed with warning a .
te	O	The air was cool and moist .
te	O	She has never read Kierkegaard .
te	I	The sun doesn seem 't to be moving at all .
te	O	And how does he know where I work ?
te	I	Caller revealed ID the station house .
te	O	A sick feeling churned in Monty .
te	I	She had closer drawn , so afraid .
te	I	Chapter 29 On an icy morning , Huey sends Lucy over tell to them that Jean has died .
te	I	Like I 'm thinking of poor Anne as being sort some of disease , or pestilence .
te	O	you 're telling me ?
te	I	The moon bright reflected off the rippled water .
te	O	And I just sat there .
te	I	Even if it did trigger every impulse self-destructive I had .
te	O	A breath before he reaches the trap door the main double doors to the bar flies open with a man standing calmly with his sword drawn .
te	O	Maybe guards or public relations folks or whatever .
te	O	' That 's what he was trying to tell us . '
te	O	She smacked his arm .
te	I	My stomach did sickly another dive to my feet .
te	I	They searching were for her .
te	I	Phoebe asked coffee for .
te	O	Me , alone and leaning against a chain link fence after school , reading a book as all the other kids hung out together .
te	O	And that was why he 'd made sure she didn 't escape before he made her an offer she would find hard to refuse .
te	O	I couldn 't stop a chuckle myself .
te	I	Once the words out were there , the fire that had been smothered by fear burned through and engulfed her body .
te	O	And so she 'd swallowed her frustration .
te	O	Francesca stands back up and nudges me .
te	I	You a did great job .
te	I	Bound or no , I did manage some semblance of sitting , just as my stomach me betrayed .
te	O	I know you have twenty other Marks to worry over .
te	O	He looked into her eyes .
te	O	I felt like I was watching a car crash in slow motion , only I was actually in the car .
te	O	I 'd always wanted to be an agent , you know .
te	I	I made notes detailed about the location of the tomb .
te	I	Any disappointment soon gave way as the 's song nature appealed to most who 'd gathered in close .
te	I	Or next maybe week .
te	O	Then my head was back in that stall , looking at the graffiti .
te	O	Of course I thought first of a sex swing .
te	I	You didn 't loan vehicle a to just anyone , unless you liked them an awful lot .
te	I	She went through the and document made corrections .
te	O	Quickly and easily , he settled her in place and slid inside with a smooth movement .
te	I	Jocelyn moved the driftwood her over skin .
te	I	We have of any those cookies left ?
te	O	He lowered his wineglass as if nothing was amiss , and reached for his fork .
te	O	Is this a trap ?
te	I	When he smiled he revealed a mouthful of jagged , blackened teeth , most worn down to stumps diseased .
te	O	In fact he said nothing to the little portly man ; he drank his beer and stared at the bottles behind the bar .
te	I	A tear leaked of out the corner of her eye and his heart jolted .
te	I	Light and fluffy , without chocolaty being too rich , buttery and decadent with a hint of crunch .
te	O	I start to run .
te	O	If one refuses , use whatever force necessary .
te	I	We want you in Accra next weekend because we are a having surprise birthday for my sister Belinda 's husband .
te	O	Tony was full of questions and in a talkative mood .
te	I	It 's a hell a of thing waking up with someone else 's fist in your mouth .
te	I	Things back got to normal between us during lunch in her car .
te	O	I squealed and jumped to my feet before sprinting though the waiting room in terror .
te	I	The doors and opened she shivered again in fear .
te	I	What today happened was exhilarating , and I want many more days like that .
te	I	He 's wearing a form-fitting sweater blue with a pair of jeans and biker boots .
te	I	She did not know she if could trust this woman , or how much she should say .
te	I	Jax 's lips at were my ear , his breath hot and quick .
te	I	Every inch of was me stained .
te	O	Even lukewarm the steak was delicious but the more I ate , the more nauseous I felt .
te	I	I stayed close to the guys and at marveled how different everything looked .
te	O	Mentally , I slapped myself .
te	O	Until he handed me his card .
te	O	Are we going to shoot somebody for stealing an old truck ?
te	O	Hopefully , whatever his father was up to had nothing to do with me .
te	O	As she said the words Golden almost clapped her hands in delight , she was so thrilled .
te	O	Not in the way that ordinary Henrietta had grown to get used to .
te	I	One of guys the followed her .
te	O	Thomas was one of the first to be alone , probably because no one wanted to talk to him after hearing the story about Teresa .
te	O	A candle glows in the center of the round mahogany table illuminating the leather-bound volumes that boast of angelic history .
te	I	He dropped the on ring her bureau .
te	I	I put the DVD beside the television , then go into the kitchen grab to a soda .
te	O	He and Andrew had an argument at lunch and he 's cried for his daddy ever since .
te	I	The struck arrow me high in my right shoulder , knocking me backwards .
te	I	I untied the robe and tossed to it the floor .
te	I	Brandon looked at me with those intense brown eyes I and felt myself melt a bit .
te	I	Jasmine could die tonight she if 'd contracted it .
te	I	The girl familiar was Portia .
te	I	I chewed on thumbnail my , ears straining to pick up Lindsey 's words but not wanting to make my eavesdropping obvious by coming closer .
te	I	Sarah held breath her .
te	O	' Maybe she doesn 't know , ' Prophet said .
te	I	I saw the hurt and pain in his eyes and I felt myself relax , knowing if was he opening up , we could get through this .
te	O	Liam didn 't know what to say .
te	O	He pushed away from Mariah and scooted back in bed , staring dully at the whitewashed bunkhouse walls .
te	O	Curious , I looked around to see who , or what , she was talking about .
te	O	Not bad odds for one op .
te	O	Did something happen here ?
te	I	We found divorce the papers among your wife 's possessions , ' Morton confronted him . '
te	I	Dr. Holmes must speculation be correct .
te	I	Sarah shook her wearily head .
te	I	I saw your outside car , but couldn 't find you .
te	I	He looked around the room as his army nodded agreement in .
te	I	I knew that Michael never would betray my confidence in him regarding my extraordinary talents , but I was curious about their conversation .
te	O	I ´ m the one with the armored suit .
te	O	She started opening them up and looking through them .
te	O	A shout emerged from the party downstairs .
te	I	It 's some of sort elevator or something of the type .
te	I	I 'd wrapped the girl as as well I could without jarring her , but the colonel knew this was going to hurt her even worse .
te	I	A sharp pang of cold strikes my through chest and I fall to one knee .
te	O	Jed was a little hesitant to tell Joshua because he didn 't want him asking too many questions about it .
te	I	My had suspicions just been confirmed .
te	I	Not for sure , but I could make pretty a good guess .
te	O	She lay for a few moments the fear subsiding until the darkness withdrew , the clasped fingers opening to reveal Mac staring down at her once more .
te	I	Tears filled the monarch old 's eyes .
te	I	Pete 's blows had obviously weakened resolve her .
te	I	I wanted him to touch me , I so didn 't dare move .
te	I	The two men gathered the horses and set off , when Basha heard something and turned around to see horrible a sight !
te	O	Andra was so shocked by the odd question that she didn 't even consider whether or not she should answer .
te	O	I pulled away from him .
te	O	I watched Trish talk to him , putting her hand on his arm and laughing .
te	O	Her mouth was set firm and her chin high .
te	I	No , not haze a .
te	I	Gabby couldn 't contain her reaction visceral to his deep voice in her ear .
te	O	John sensed his friend 's discomfort and said ' have you considered that you may not have been followed at all Graham ? '
te	I	I knew he would , and did he .
te	I	Though , mind you , he really did like bitchin his ' car .
te	O	But thanks for asking .
te	O	I stepped inside , closing the door behind me firmly .
te	O	She was a nervous lady , his mother .
te	O	That had never happened before .
te	I	No , she hadn certainly 't .
te	O	You could do that when you had your own car .
te	O	It stopped and lifted its leg to its ear , scratching before lying down in the sun to sleep .
te	O	And within sixty seconds , he was thinking of Penny again .
te	O	Waiting on the cove shore , they meet and walk to the statue of their grandmother Diana .
te	O	He noticed his phantom picking up the knife at his side .
te	I	Would it her be ?
te	O	He wanted more than this kissing .
te	I	She gasped a second later , when his strong hands skimmed around to the front of her and slipped beneath the loose of cotton her T-shirt .
te	O	Jacob nodded at me .
te	O	Carmine 's stomach dropped .
te	O	asked Sampson with a frown .
te	O	The excuse had popped into her mind but she was totally blank about it and had to grope for a reply .
te	O	This time he ignored the men when they fell into step behind him .
te	I	Miranda followed along happily enough to the resale first shop .
te	O	He looked up at the door at top of the stairs .
te	O	We 've been getting around just fine .
te	O	Too late , he heard my boots scrape against the stones .
te	O	Playing tag and hop scotch ?
te	I	' You 're like missionary a , you mean ? '
te	O	Whatever they injected into him was changing his blood .
te	I	Once he was sure no one was coming to investigate his leap strange , he turned around and set off towards the Elders ' homes .
te	O	' You can turn it off now , ' I suggested to Riva . '
te	I	Apparently it be could a very lucrative career for the right person .
te	I	Skye gasped and popped out of office the .
te	I	I could be any in northern British town .
te	I	I was happy that she 't didn immediately try to lock me up in the insane asylum .
te	O	And her brother Nate .
te	O	For a moment , I wondered if I was reading too much into things , but I refused to believe that .
te	O	They drove for almost 2 hours without another incident .
te	I	I shoved my hands into my pockets and ambled over regard to the body .
te	O	She had to read it all , all the names and hear about who sent flowers and she felt bad , she hadn 't sent any .
te	I	I glanced down at my boots , the only pair I brought had .
te	I	He felt his weaken body .
te	I	A spray nozzle lay beside the sink and I grabbed up it , aimed at the two men nearby , and pulled the trigger .
te	O	His proximity stopped her breath and she could only nod , letting her eyes drop from his face to the rips in his faded shirt .
te	I	Even in his nakedness he wasn 't staying for one more of minute this madness .
te	O	At least I 'd had the strength to put to a stop those tortured nights because they were heading nowhere good - and fast .
te	I	Sunlight glinted off dragon the knight 's serpentine helm .
te	I	She suspected she might be in trouble when she noticed there were only two seats in car this .
te	O	The father of the house already shared his bitter tone .
te	I	Weather reports before the attack showed a cold front moving across southeast the Midwest .
te	I	Lucius reclined on the blanket and a chewed stalk of grass .
te	O	I stay where I am , not wanting him to retreat any farther .
te	I	Maybe physical pain would my eclipse emotional pain .
te	O	With less confidence than she 'd had earlier Amy said , ' Nothing .
te	O	Matt and Tony decided to go back in too .
te	O	An arc of flame streaked across the sky .
te	O	It was only a nightmare if that was what you thought it would be .
te	I	And could he imagine the sort of advice she 'd give .
te	O	She tucked her hands in the pockets of her cut off short shorts and stuck out her chin in a gesture that was almost provocative .
te	O	His eyes rested on Alice who was now seated behind the desk .
te	O	I 'd hung around the mansion waiting .
te	O	A silent scream of agony slammed through my skull , spread through my veins , and paralyzed my body .
te	I	Even this late in the day , probably they needed to be somewhere else soon .
te	O	The glass shatters with the second blow and he gasps for oxygen in the shallow atmosphere of the cave .
te	I	Alicia eyed the with window trembling understanding .
te	O	He motioned for Lizzie to hand him the money and the cell phone .
te	O	One of the biggest surprises in the last few days awaits : me - Jamie is back .
te	O	Several minutes later Jimmy was standing in front of all the children in the main room of his lab .
te	O	I stopped listening to Chase 's thoughts , because I didn 't want to know where they would lead .
te	I	Her sharp words pierced more me painfully than fangs .
te	I	She ran to the stateroom door listen to .
te	I	His left hand quickly went to right his hip searching for his sword , but it seemed that he , too , was unarmed .
te	O	I couldn 't hold it up long enough to look .
te	O	Then she glances at Charlotte .
te	I	I had a view lot a of people would kill for .
te	I	There were no -- walls nothing .
te	O	Luna picked up the burger from her plate with both hands and took a bite .
te	O	She accepted the card and was about to tell the real estate agent that , but before she could say a word , Melody continued .
te	O	But they had all seen it .
te	I	She could even do a pickpocketing little from whoever she could catch a ride with .
te	I	There nothing is wrong inside .
te	I	She refused to the consider many terrible ways this night could end .
te	O	He sat down and covered his face .
te	O	He wants me dead .
te	O	So I called you .
te	O	Smart people learned from their mistakes ; they didn 't keep making the same ones .
te	I	He arched eyebrow an at the lady .
te	I	He laughs , once ; eyebrows his lift in surprise .
te	I	The woman was grateful enormously , but not so grateful that she invited Dan into her parlor .
te	I	Her mother appeared in front of her , grasped her shoulders , shook and her gently .
te	O	I never want to go to sleep again . '
te	O	He claimed they were created by design and our time here on Earth is merely a test .
te	O	From the concerned look on her face , Peter knew something was wrong .
te	I	I didn 't want to ask , dreading the possibility of Theo 's guilt , so I 't didn .
te	O	There was little romance in his life , although that was not his choice he just didn 't know how to go about it .
te	O	Inside , thousands of people worked behind computer screens .
te	O	Because of the baby , she had no choice but to confront her fears about her relationship with Chad .
te	O	Few of the collection remained .
te	O	A desperate sort of anxiety had a very firm hold of me .
te	I	After putting the secret cell back where I hiding was it , I put the car in drive and went back to the ghetto .
te	I	When I sat down I found a small bunch of wild flowers he had and picked wrapped stylishly with a few wide blades of grass .
te	I	I ignored Daphne and stabbed another miniscule piece of fruit in delicate the , white china bowl in front of me .
te	O	What was truly amazing about what followed was the speed .
te	O	But the thank-you is somehow implied .
te	I	The other two guards stepped back warily but still their kept rifles trained on Colton and the others .
te	O	There had been not one friend or relative at the gathering held in her honour .
te	O	All the girls came to stand beside me and we admired my slippers , gown , head piece , hair and makeup .
te	I	Abbey heart 's rate doubled and she hoped he couldn 't feel it .
te	O	Why was I doing this ?
te	I	She didn 't leave it last until Thursday .
te	O	I feel Mel 's hand on my shoulder , but it doesn 't register beyond that .
te	O	Grand 's unconscious or worse .
te	O	Her thoughts were interrupted by a friendly hello .
te	I	Now , I let my hand rest in the bowl of water the until fish forget the intrusion .
te	I	Lucien watched His Majesty carefully for hint any that his affliction had returned .
te	I	The Titans didn 't have him and no one knew he where was .
te	I	Destiny shifted , leaning close him to .
te	O	This was a bad enough mess without adding his doubts to it .
te	I	I don 't do guilty feeling or sorry !
te	O	I was fairly certain that whatever higher power watched over things hadn 't intended for it to go quite like that .
te	O	I feel guilty but , at the same time pressured to find my own torch .
te	O	We 'd sat on the bench , holding hands , and that had been the only pleasure I 'd had since my untimely death .
te	O	Judge Hess stipulated that Eva had to remain in New Holland and be available for questioning when the police needed her .
te	O	Cassidy had crept closer to Cale .
te	O	Take my word for it . '
te	O	I was betting he 'd already been out to the garden and picked what needed to be picked .
te	O	A fire appeared in front of her face , forcing her to squint .
te	I	What was thinking she ?
te	O	I reached for his shotgun .
te	I	Fleeing from the house anguish in so deep I could feel it inside me as it tore me apart .
te	I	There have been sightings no of any suspect in the disappearances .
te	I	Still , the episode had effect its .
te	I	White and rose red petals flow from the garden , winding and curving freely in the air .
te	O	I know I would do if I had such a strong man about the place . '
te	O	Sarah crossed her arms angrily .
te	I	When would people read them all the way through and not get distracted by photos and hyperlinks and snarky comments .
te	O	The habitat was now very close .
te	O	At least the ground wasn 't fully covered by snow just yet .
te	I	He tasted so good , like crisp , snowy air and maybe a hint of of one those peppermint sticks they 'd shared .
te	I	Or maybe it just was a mugger .
te	O	When he was done he put the papers in a folder and dropped the folder in his out box .
te	I	There was so much to be excited about , sometimes was it hard to remember that she had plenty to be afraid of as well .
te	I	Katherine turned toward the computer and clicked a folder , and a file , and then image an opened .
te	I	Just the brush barest of my lips against hers , nothing animal .
te	I	Before he the reached top step , his phone rang .
te	I	He said few a of his lines and looked nervous to be across from Delaney and talking about a baby , even if it was baby Jesus .
te	I	It 's of one your best features .
te	I	When she noticed Jin staring her at core , she pulled her hand back and glared at him .
te	O	All could view through the glass windows now to see the room for what it really was .
te	O	Many of the little structures used dried branches and needles and mud for a roof .
te	O	And I 'd been whipped a couple of times for telling little fibs .
te	O	He promised that he wouldn 't come back .
te	I	I didn 't bother bringing my laptop ; class every would be the same .
te	O	I texted Embry in the elevator .
te	I	I see her mouth move out the of corner of my eye .
te	I	It was easy to forget was I no longer working a case , that I was no longer pretending to be someone else .
te	I	Once we had our full , we sat in a large circle , and two of the elders told of stories their lives .
te	O	She 'd learned that whenever a problem was this complex it helped to break it down into manageable increments and address each component separately .
te	I	It 's the first thing she says , and my heart leaps out my of chest and swims to the ceiling .
te	I	He restarted ignition the .
te	I	His lips parted , his displaying white teeth and fangs .
te	O	I shouldn 't have told you about it now .
te	I	Leave it to Howard to think to pack first-aid a kit .
te	I	I swore to Antonio DeMarco that I would a be man of honor , a man who always put the organization first .
te	I	Of it course had been painted shut as well .
te	O	You know I do .
te	I	Then I quickly toward moved him .
te	O	Larry 's myopic gaze clicked from Alex to Tom .
te	I	Rae could not resist wondering about the she boy 'd wanted so much .
te	I	There was a momentary before pause Rachel replied .
te	O	Earl slowed and watched as Ty stood with his head lowered , listening .
te	I	The trees , the shops , the park , it was all there , even the house , brought into being by the magic of mind the .
te	O	Several minutes later , the voice of the real captain roared over the deck .
te	I	I open the door very slowly and only a crack that I wedge my body through the to outside .
te	O	She was the first to do that .
te	I	She looks me at .
te	I	His dark blonde was hair soaked from the rain and his brown eyes twitched .
te	I	If she was seen to be dead , would they care less about a guy like me .
te	I	Twenty-five thousand years your into past .
te	I	Even now she asked very little of him , but desires what she made known he fulfilled gladly .
te	I	The turns man slowly back toward me and kneels down to see me at eye level .
te	I	The advantages a of small town .
te	O	It was as Marcus said , all that mattered was that the two of them would be together .
te	O	Still , I found myself slowing down .
te	I	Her thumping heart , she stared up into his face .
te	O	They watched as the rider approached , dressed in a strange black suit and with a helmet covering his face .
te	O	The anticipation kicked in instantly .
te	I	I needed an alternate way to get to one of the only honest men knew I , my brother , the journalist .
te	I	I had a thought bad .
te	I	The hawk hard struck and fast .
te	O	The sanctum had a small bathroom , and Mr. Stott brought him meals .
te	O	No , I wanted his tongue to hang out .
te	I	It slid shut behind me with heavy a thud , and I walked toward the only two rooms that were well lit .
te	I	I 'm afraid to consider answers the to my own questions and in a panicked moment I fear for James ' life .
te	I	She sent to it me to buy new school clothes , but maybe I can get everything on sale and still have enough for some essentials .
te	I	Victor leaned against the sideboard , his folded arms over his chest .
te	I	He her held close , his hands positioned in the traditional ballroom pose .
te	O	We have to go across because this is the only course to get to the tunnel in time .
te	O	What poor victims had lost their lives because of the gold , and how many ?
te	O	She had not thought of it that way .
te	O	I take another step back before taking a quick peek at the last body on the end .
te	O	He took their eyes and he carved up their bedroom .
te	O	Jackson 's face cleared and then he got a devious look on his face .
te	O	Clare was going to come out of this smelling like a rose .
te	O	He holds it away from him and begins to cough and gag at the sight of the blood .
te	I	I made it through my classes morning with no major mishaps .
te	I	I took a deep breath , wincing as my ribs protested , and I let it slowly out .
te	I	Riordan straightened slowly , as the smile faded from MaryAnn face 's .
te	I	With eyes narrowed , I nodded .
te	I	Met a him few months ago .
te	O	A bed of churning air bore the farmer 's body across the strewn rubble .
te	O	Its long wings dazzled with intricate brilliance .
te	O	Albert climbed over the side and boarded the boat , careful to keep the guns pointed at the naked men .
te	I	We haven 't had a decent day flying 's for months now .
te	O	And it would do him no good when he returned if he was remembered as a foolish man who shouted at nothing .
te	I	Your widow now has lost her husband and her son .
te	I	I show how people .
te	I	He abandoned when Anika she was dying .
te	I	I 'm glad 's she leaving .
te	I	Can you stop them wanting their own space , their privacy , their sense ownership of ?
te	O	So far , no one had come forward but then , the specter hadn 't been raised .
te	O	Swallowing , I swung a leg over and sat .
te	O	Two uniformed officers stood in my living room , each resting a hand on the butt of their holstered service weapon .
te	I	The thought of being touched by the meant rogue she wasn 't above begging .
te	I	The kiss turned from brief a good-bye to something more passionate , more intimate , more private .
te	I	Levana didn 't realize she making was a plan until the plan was already half formed .
te	I	Jenny was always accusing me of being too trusting , but I couldn 't it help with Tony .
te	O	I ... It 's difficult . '
te	I	He wanted get to Shinichi to wherever they had to go while the fox was still dazed and in pain .
te	O	As she was sure Rodrigo had known she would be .
te	O	That didn 't take long to get out .
te	I	I tired 'm of this hypocrisy .
te	O	She might be right about them not finishing anything tonight .
te	I	I followed as fast as legs my would carry me .
te	O	At the same time , Max jumped into the cabin and pulled a shotgun from the ceiling storage compartment .
te	I	She looked at in this disbelief .
te	I	Soon afterward , his parents got together back .
te	I	She passed out glasses the as they created a circle .
te	I	He didn 't ask my permission , he simply tangled his hands in my hair and my jerked mouth to his .
te	O	' I 'm not going to let them kill you , ' I said .
te	O	He 's freelance , and is only contracted to Banks for individual flights .
te	O	They arrived at the cave and climbed right in .
te	I	I love life our .
te	I	And before Keller time had to think , he was in motion .
te	I	Without warning the girl let out a little cry and disappeared from sight right in front us of .
te	O	This no man 's land was about the length of a driveway .
te	I	Locke , Setzer , and Sabin looked over at in Cyan surprise .
te	O	' Just calm down . ' '
te	I	I recognized him from the arena , I so decided he was the leader .
te	I	Maybe give they him ideas .
te	O	We kissed , hugged and cried for hours as we held Maddie throughout the night .
te	I	Roth 's chest rose and steadily fell against my side .
te	O	Once the beverage guys were done moving all of my belongings , he came over and helped me hang curtains and position furniture .
te	O	He wore black slacks and a black shirt , the stark white square of his clerical collar sharply delineated .
te	O	They would need to spread their team across the different classes so they wouldn 't miss locating the people they needed to rescue .
te	I	If there is bad blood , it runs all through our veins .
te	I	He placed a hand over hers that in rested his arm .
te	I	And , in one the of back rows , he picked up two tiny steel rods .
te	I	Maybe because they were new to her , was there a certain way to deal with them , and she hadn 't yet found that way .
te	I	He still didn know 't .
te	O	Unable to catch her breath upon the sighting , she suddenly collapsed on the wharf from the shock of it all .
te	I	What should message he leave ?
te	O	He didn 't offer his relationship to Nick , though .
te	O	You don 't have to stay with me .
te	O	I open my mouth to explain , but Warren beats me to it .
te	O	Tomorrow ... Theo 's fifth birthday .
te	O	He 's at Market and Third Streets .
te	O	Scott thought most of the questioning expression had diminished .
te	O	A few hard men I knew I could rely on -- even if one was more a cyborg now -- plenty of ammunition , grenades , flamethrowers .
te	O	Not a good sign .
te	O	She would wait a few more days for that .
te	I	A beautiful dragon was from descending the light .
te	O	Then , to the shock of everyone there , Tony lifted his arms and hugged her in return , patting her back awkwardly .
te	O	Then she met him , the flavor of who he was , his memories , his life .
te	O	Once again , everybody was introduced by Martie .
te	I	Labor and the were mob at a loss as to what to do .
te	O	He shook his head .
te	O	I don 't know , but I do believe you 're not aware of it .
te	I	He more wanted from Anna .
te	I	Still , very the air was refreshing here .
te	O	Of course I was going to listen . '
te	I	He dropped them into the slot and pushed some buttons , only to hit the Coin Return and begin the again process .
te	O	He roared , and they did .
te	I	My father thought this woman was God a .
te	O	I remember wondering , once again , why hadn 't I just stayed in the garage that day .
te	I	Now mind my became filled with images .
te	O	In fact , she just had an inordinate amount of facial hair altogether .
te	O	A scared look was on her face as she grabbed the arms of people passing by and spoke frantically to them .
te	O	Loved everything about them .
te	I	The snow came down light , but it sucked the heat from him whenever one of the large flakes landed on body his and melted .
te	O	And how do you know she 's not Japanese ? '
te	O	Another described the attributes of a blonde-haired daughter and there was one for a four-bedroom home .
te	I	He didn 't have a system , for whatever reason , but she knew he enjoyed because games they had talked about it .
te	I	I 't can be the Wild Power .
te	O	Ethan asks as he watches the two girls that could be twins talk about things that he does not understand at all .
te	O	There were six uniformed men in total in general states of undress and all had been drinking heavily judging by the empty bottles and cans lying around .
te	O	Then I gathered my Will and shrunk him .
te	O	He buried his face in her hair and stroked one hand down her back .
te	O	I like the smooth silky feel and dark blue color .
te	I	People The in Rosary tend not to like Vicar Swiss very much .
te	O	It sounded like someone was in a lot of pain , like they 'd been stabbed .
te	O	Jake dropped my hand long enough for us to slide out of the booth .
te	O	He stepped out of the jet and admired the freshly repainted aluminum skin .
te	O	I want him wrapped around me , lost with me in this warm and wet embrace .
te	I	There were no nor buildings any other signs of civilization .
te	O	Whatever title caught my fancy was the song we 'd play .
te	O	There has to be an explanation .
te	O	The army mostly needed standard tactical training , but us ?
te	O	That look drew something out of me .
te	O	So maybe it was time to quit acting like an idiot and give him what he wanted .
te	O	I think of the moment in time when everything changed .
te	I	I could feel his heart against beating my back .
te	I	He smiled at me admiringly , eyes his shining .
te	O	Sullivan picked the lettuce out of his sandwich with an unconsciously curled lip .
te	O	He 'd better be ready .
te	I	Marco watched Trajan , who nodded approval in .
te	I	You 'd think I 'd get bored after so many months , grow to immune it .
te	I	She lost her balance and had to reach out the for rock to steady herself and refocus .
te	O	I shrugged , feeling lethargic and somewhat giddy to be sitting on a blanket with him in the park at twilight .
te	I	There was no movement the from body .
te	I	Books and papers lined surface every .
te	O	Burnett , fist still pressed into his thigh , rose up to his full height .
te	O	Anna made a left , driving past a dairy farm and bowling alley .
te	I	Governments and rise fall .
te	O	I ran out of the room as fast as I could and down the hallway until I found the exit .
te	O	You should eat now .
te	I	He planted a delicate kiss on her forehead before leaving the bedroom in of search water .
te	I	Besides , he a has nagging suspicion that justice for all has been replaced with judgment by a few .
te	I	Not this in way .
te	O	She touched another being , someone else was there suffering with her , she was no longer alone .
te	I	Let 's get just you inside where you can crash for the rest of the day .
te	I	A plane is to going start two hours later .
te	I	They were all wearing long cloaks that reached the floor and beautiful turn of century the dresses .
te	O	This is the force field parameter .
te	O	Still , Gabriel never truly fit in the parameters I set for myself and the outside world .
te	O	Sir Rupert looked with narrowed icy eyes at his brother .
te	O	Up behind me at the attic window , the curtain was slightly pulled back and a silhouetted figure watched over me .
te	I	Images flashed in my eyes of me stripping and rubbing breasts my against those hard muscles .
te	O	Marty glanced at Maximus again , and fresh fury shot through me as the other vampire 's countenance became stony .
te	O	If you 're lucky , the lock is in there backwards and you just have to shove a credit card through the middle .
te	I	Yet here I stand , this vile island cages me , prison my !
te	O	Zane wasn 't exactly sure about that .
te	O	We both gasp at the sensation .
te	I	His efforts , however , were for naught the as mist sensed the warmth of a living being within his grasp .
te	O	He nodded , his eyelashes lowering , but not before Tammy glimpsed a dark blaze of satisfaction .
te	O	Her voice faltered , causing Staffan 's gaze to return to her face .
te	O	He has such a bright smile on his face that he makes it nearly impossible to dislike him .
te	I	He dug fingers his into his jacket .
te	O	He stirred the mixture and sat down in his armchair .
te	O	The rabbit visits with sticky rice wrapped in ghostly lotus leaves .
te	I	Stepping closer , he affectionately and reassuringly placed his on hands her shoulders .
te	O	Ezra could tell it was the man 's best effort at looking genuinely evil and terrifying .
te	O	His eyes pinned her with a look she recognized as easily as reading a book .
te	O	I want to handle this .
te	O	They were having what Brigitte would describe as healthy , consensual , casual sex .
te	O	Had started to crumple the Styrofoam cup when he saw something on the inside .
te	O	Now he let her calls ring through to voice mail .
te	I	He actually her made doubt what she had seen with her own two eyes earlier .
te	I	Elizabeth cast a him doubtful look .
te	I	And man is hot it .
te	O	He just needed to drown out Rhyme 's voice until all he felt was bliss .
te	O	' For a moment there I thought we were going to have trouble getting in , ' I said .
te	O	She was so desperate to get away , she left me tied up but called the police to come get me .
te	O	She 'd deflected his question about what was wrong by asking why he didn 't use magic to make muffins .
te	I	He motioned weakly where toward Ma 's purse hung on a hooked nail .
te	O	He acted as though he were going to address a crowd of thousands instead of the five of them .
te	O	Ian shook the man 's hand .
te	I	Claudia the asked moment she spied me .
te	I	After ... I wanted to her rake eyeballs out .
te	O	Evan asked us , and I looked at Katie .
te	I	He did try to contact Gus at his apartment but got answer no .
te	I	The building must be on fire was her thought first .
te	O	Could she really shut off her disillusionment with the love she 'd believed he 'd shared and take pleasure in what he could give her ?
te	I	A slight movement caught my eye , I and raised the rifle to my cheek .
te	O	She could only have gotten it from Mary through Sebastian .
te	O	They all looked so happy .
te	O	Cassandra is doing the same .
te	O	But if your grandmother 's called the cops , others will know about it .
te	I	The stands girl up .
te	I	I finished strapping on my guns before her following .
te	I	Reefer walked to the closet at the far end the of room .
te	O	Looking at those pieces of art make the viewer feel a sense of loss and uncertainty .
te	O	The only difference between us now was that I 'd gotten lucky .
te	O	She put the glass on the mantelpiece to cool and knelt beside her stepfather .
te	O	Xavier was seated to his left .
te	I	And are you going to it do now ?
te	O	Palomino pulled away the instant Bill slammed the door .
te	O	She smiled and hugged me .
te	I	He started drumming his fingers the on table .
te	I	I and laugh shake my head .
te	I	I 've been able fix to the chip brain again and examine it further .
te	I	She nothing had to say .
te	I	His voice was so kind I I thought would cry .
te	O	Children don 't last long in this world , Samantha thought bitterly .
te	O	T is no use hiding your charms , lass .
te	O	The ash finally plopped onto the table .
te	O	I remember when we were on the island we discovered that we had a spy here at the facility .
te	I	Hateful Scots followed us out , shouting and objects throwing .
te	O	They think the key to a successful revolution is guns and soldiers .
te	I	Besides , I enjoying was myself too much .
te	I	He back smiled at her .
te	O	The bullets had come a little too close to his heart for comfort , and he was still recovering .
te	I	Shards of ice shot out his of mother 's eyes and she wandered away , taking out her cell phone .
te	I	It never quite comes into clear definition , but it has the of sting truth to it .
te	O	Billy was unsure how he could have been her favorite patient when he didn 't even recognize her .
te	I	Case 's twenty-two year old sister had died at 3 a.m. after six days of battling injuries from a accident car .
te	O	I was going to let her , because I missed her and I did need some girl time .
te	O	I want to learn how to fix them . '
te	O	106 Chapter 17 ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... . .
te	I	I 'll leave a signed for statement you .
te	O	The way I look now , though , he spends his time flirting with Dina .
te	O	Lady Margaret would shake her head , saying some people were beyond redemption .
te	I	The wood of this wagon was hewn from the walls their of sacred schools .
te	O	Don 't mind changes in diet or environment .
te	I	There wasn 't any glass , curtains or shutters , or anything else that I see could , covering the openings .
te	O	He stuck the envelope out toward me .
te	O	AJ came into the room upset .
te	O	They don 't understand , and wouldn 't understand no matter how much explaining you do .
te	O	By windows , I mean small openings in the wall .
te	O	There was no way that the news of her date would not reach Steven .
te	O	A little faster now , George , we 're almost done . '
te	I	Bonnie was shaking head her .
te	I	Amy didn 't hesitate her in response .
te	O	He made a quick sweep for more guards .
te	I	He undressed her in mere moments , his strong hands her caressing body as she floated on the intoxicating wave of pleasure induced by his bite .
te	O	I 'll be waiting by the elevator .
te	O	' I can see a fort up there , ' said Bjorn suddenly , peering up into the mists at the head of the line .
te	I	But she 't didn care ; it didn 't matter .
te	I	The broadsword protruded still from his back , but he no longer seemed to notice or care .
te	I	Instead I keep my head down and quickly walk toward the gymnasium to find James .
te	O	And it turned out that we were trustworthy after all . '
te	I	Her brides ' followed maids close behind .
te	I	They always were gone by then .
te	I	He cocked head his to the side .
te	I	Thomas asked Edward , as he glanced toward the house to make the certain boy had gone in .
te	O	Philip and Elizabeth aren 't easy to get along with .
te	I	He removed winter his coat and placed it carefully on the back of the chair .
te	O	It wasn 't until after my grandfather died that things went wrong .
te	I	He stepped forward , pulled her into his arms all and her anxiety dissipated in a rush of heat .
te	I	Chapter IV BLOOD BROTHERS raised Viktor his hands to meet the bear 's paw , yet the slice never came down .
te	I	He told me you 've been cutting class again and that your are grades slipping .
te	O	She peered at him in confusion .
te	I	As as swiftly possible , she turned the special inset dial in the parasol 's tip around to its alternate setting .
te	I	They were becoming fierce in attacks their .
te	O	He walked past them to a low dais in the center of the room .
te	I	She shield lifted and pipe .
te	O	I glanced at the papers on his desk and wondered if any of them were about me .
te	I	I started to move one leg down , he but held my ankle .
te	O	Timmy leaned back into the shadows and carefully slid his hand under George 's mattress .
te	I	A twig cracked him behind .
te	O	I hate to say that everything she said was pretty much true .
te	O	The grief counselor 's desk was specifically made for corners and sculpted nicely into the space it was given .
te	O	Brother and sister love and all that .
te	I	She not does love me .
te	O	He couldn 't be sure about her shoulder though , not until he was recovered enough to check properly .
te	O	I can 't say I 'd forgotten about my Mum , but it wasn 't exactly in the front of my mind .
te	O	Like his blue eyes .
te	I	No I 'm not being sarcastic , we are only tiny and don 't need to purchase use orders as I already told you .
te	I	She shakes her head , rolling top on of me .
te	O	After we eliminated them Stone joined us .
te	O	I don 't care that I 'm being mean and unreasonable .
te	I	Rourke strongly opposed in the form of a snarled growl as his arms locked me around again .
te	O	If you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient .
te	O	Drake seemed to absorb that .
te	I	They almost , but not quite , slid behind a protective wall mental and lay in waiting there .
te	O	This was much worse than Peggy had realized .
te	O	The crowds were getting denser now as the sun peaked over the rooftops .
te	I	He turned to the door and again knocked several times and stood back waiting for a response .
te	O	He sat her on the uncluttered side of the bed and covered his face with his hands .
te	I	Her gaze is intimidating , but I don 't look away I and won 't back up .
te	I	Auron then saw her reappearing on south the tower .
te	O	Don 't bother denying it .
te	O	Celestino made the sign of the cross on her forehead .
te	I	In any case , made it no difference .
te	I	Just at sunset , she said : Constantia liked the anonymity of the after streets dark and would often go out prowling .
te	O	Slowly , I feel the darkness drain out of me , as though pulled away by the motion of her hand .
te	I	Maybe the divorce had made me cautious , caution but is not a bad thing .
te	I	She receiving feared additional answers from the past , more than she did the present .
te	I	But the thought of sitting next to for Kennedy an hour-long class three days a week was unbearable .
te	I	I left Caleb in living the room and went upstairs to lie down .
te	O	She had one in the dairy too , but that was for cheese and butter records .
te	O	If anything , she tasted even better than the memories .
te	I	Right away my phone ringing started .
te	I	I could for look no outside aid in coping with the strange and alarming situation into which I had stumbled .
te	O	What do they all think he is ?
te	O	Benson glanced up at Morris .
te	O	What was not an illusion was the shade .
te	I	There are mysteries down here none that of us can imagine !
te	O	Blake eyed his son warily .
te	I	His owned mouth mine .
te	O	You shiver painlessly in intense cold , you melt in searing heat without feeling uncomfortable .
te	O	Something had happened and a pocket had formed around me with about ten feet of clear space in all directions .
te	O	Only one strip of fabric three inches in width held the front of the gown to the back on each side .
te	I	Have you ever flown into a big city like New York or Vegas late at night and seen the lights from the window plane ?
te	O	I lost all my drawings of Nova when the apartment burned down .
te	I	Where on earth could Pearson hidden have it ?
te	O	His strong hand grasped hers and she lost any sense of equilibrium she might have felt .
te	O	I rode the whole way above ground and on the ground , no tunnels and no rooftops , I went the long way round .
te	O	Her voice completely trailed off even as her mouth still moved as she tried to speak .
te	O	He didn 't want to start in the men 's room , because that would be too obvious a choice .
te	O	They won 't talk to me .
te	I	The two of us sat across down from each other as Kiowa took her seat at the end of the table .
te	O	I dropped the can and grabbed his shoulders .
te	O	He continued eating them , reflecting that , aside from his breakfast fish , this was the only other thing he 'd had for food today .
te	I	Jesus , could how he have been so stupid ?
te	O	Much to his relief , Inez hadn 't followed , or if she had , she 'd stopped when she realized he was going to his room .
te	I	He was here all night making and money .
te	O	I take her hand as she slides off the counter .
te	O	Claire 's grip on my hand tightened .
te	O	I have to report to the Elders now .
te	I	She in drank the sight of Derek , noting the minor injuries he bore .
te	O	I know they fool around .
te	I	In addition , I figured I if had to work hard to get that car , why shouldn 't anyone that steals it .
te	I	He just so seemed ?
te	I	The ladies never seem to quite be sure what to make of that smile .
te	I	He eased between her thighs placed and a kiss on her stomach .
te	O	He slid toward the door , as though trying to distance himself from the disaster .
te	I	He waived to her , attempting to demonstrate that he no posed threat .
te	O	She turned her head and looked at him .
te	I	She sat up , rolling legs her from the reclining sofa .
te	O	Hester 's low replies were indecipherable , but the rapid delivery suggested anger ... or panic .
te	I	It irks me that Trick gets under skin my like this .
te	O	But you do need help .
te	I	I belong the to second group .
te	O	Maybe that would wake me up a bit more .
te	I	The ballroom was in a league different .
te	O	You 've conveniently forgotten , but I remember .
te	O	She embraced him and kissed him on the cheek .
te	O	time would gain him their trust as well as their words .
te	I	The only place that wasn 't choked with was foliage where the chopper had crashed and flattened the vegetation to the ground .
te	I	She reached and forward ripped the two pieces of the photo out of my fisted hands .
te	O	How could she be ?
te	O	I shuffled out to the front room where Janet was playing solitaire at the table .
te	I	Suddenly she was wide-awake and up sitting .
te	O	Laura 's taste in men was quite varied .
te	I	Hatch his grabbed trench coat from the hook and draped it over his arm .
te	I	Her eyes held a of hint fear .
te	I	He began to playfully tug at the button of my as jeans I began my exploration of his incredible physique .
te	I	I picked up cereal with soymilk , fruit , juice and .
te	I	Where he had gone ?
te	O	She really made me feel better about myself .
te	O	His eyes are pale even in the low light .
te	O	Just the memory of being touched by him called her out of her carefully woven cocoon .
te	O	Placing me in the back , Damian sits next to me .
te	I	Looks like I 'm not the only one who doesn 't like talking about myself , I thought as 's Luke frown became even more pronounced .
te	I	But I was too proud to admit to it anyone !
te	I	Anyway here we all were , so told I him .
te	I	I removed scent all from the area .
te	I	A geometrically perfect circle , the round building was five hundred feet in diameter , with the roof one hundred feet above main the floor .
te	O	We 're not even sure if we should contact the police .
te	I	Guilt agony and poured out of me , and I clung to the woman before me .
te	O	She looked around the restaurant and managed to find an empty table in the back of the crowded place .
te	O	I feel ill when she 's away , and tormented when she 's near ... because , she isn 't near enough .
te	I	I hone in on him and focus on hearing thoughts his .
te	I	He stood up straight and lifted staff the to eye level so he could get a closer look .
te	O	The stars glimmered brightly above him like gods guiding him and his ship safely through the brine .
te	O	Sam asked , both out of breath and aggravated .
te	O	Always had her head in a book .
te	I	Displaying the victim in public suggested a need recognition for .
te	I	It 's a good thing vampires turn to when ash they die .
te	O	He shifted his way through much of his paper work and felt guilty for doing so .
te	I	That was a week ago , meant which that he 'd spent the weekend with Sheila instead of returning to Denver .
te	I	I want to what know he 'd risk burning for .
te	O	Odd , because I wasn 't expecting a verbal response .
te	I	That 's one for me , Banks , and you can bank it on !
te	O	He sensed he was being spoken to .
te	I	You make my feel heart like it could burst at any moment .
te	I	The sight evoked strange a feeling .
te	I	Elliott was silent a for moment .
te	I	For a long time hadn Mary 't felt like a member of the pack .
te	O	I walk and she follows , stumbling along behind me and groaning every three or four steps .
te	O	She caught eyes with her target and smiled devilishly .
te	O	He hadn 't said anything about setting up another meeting and she couldn 't let herself ask for one .
te	O	Anthony , patron saint of lost things .
te	O	Damien walks up and strokes the brown horse 's back .
te	O	He deserved to be punished .
te	I	I no am different .
te	I	Thirty feet up , fifty , hundred one .
te	I	I sat back down , anger and flooding worry my brain .
te	O	I shook my head and bit my bottom lip as I fought against all of my insecurities .
te	I	A little later while , he lay with Cara curled in his arms .
te	I	He said that Shep the dog was blind now and useless but always would have a home .
te	I	To person a everyone in the Control Room gasped ; mouths agape .
te	O	Pulling her close for a hug and kiss , he carefully felt along her ribs .
te	I	And their dog little too .
te	O	I sat down to think , my hands sweating onto the metal .
te	O	Once John had gotten the cord tied off , he took a wet towel out of the bag and cleaned his hand and arm .
te	I	You have be to .
te	O	He stretched his legs out under the coffee table and waited .
te	I	You had almost hundred a years with Georgette .
te	I	Chapter 33 open I my eyes and flinch .
te	O	Leandro sighed , winking at Durante .
te	I	I give it right to back him , if he wants to play , let 's play .
te	O	It binds you and gives you strength .
te	I	he asked as he into walked the room .
te	I	He felt triumphant , confident that he 'd just treated them to a of glimpse greatness .
te	O	Footsteps came toward the open door .
te	O	Adrian ignored my pleas that I was fine and caught hold of me with one arm , while he continued supporting Chantal with the other .
te	I	He was before back I could give it more thought .
te	I	' The third room , ' said she .
te	I	He also knew that even if it was , it had been never his role to give Mairi a shoulder to cry on .
te	O	The Perfect Storm book ?
te	I	Michael the found scene disturbing .
te	O	Each time the animals fell , I took a breath and fired at the next one .
te	I	Joan 's was voice soft .
te	I	It 's going to be best the wedding ever .
te	I	It all was nothing .
te	I	Lil ian stil was frozen .
te	O	It was true that Celeste had never given Jeff much of a chance ; he could very well be as nice a guy as Peter had suggested .
te	I	He he knew wasn 't talking about just her brother anymore .
te	O	There are so many things I want for you .
te	I	As soon as I park the car under carport the , Violet opens the door and hops out .
te	I	He be would a laughing stock .
te	I	The captain again nodded .
te	O	I 'm sorry for how he made you feel .
te	I	Dorian glanced his at mother , seated on a throne beside his own .
te	I	She looked up , about to him tell exactly that , when her eyes locked with his .
te	O	He didn 't mention how far it would be if they had to walk .
te	I	Blinding white light flowed along the tubes , into metal boxes , and then up the to top of the machine .
te	I	Then Cassandra screaming stopped , lowered her hands and backed under the tree .
te	I	Her implant had a hit and with a thought brought she the information to her senses .
te	I	The was sky getting dark as frogs began croaking .
te	I	He reached over and grabbed me by the waist and threw me over his shoulder very forcefully before carrying away me .
te	O	My heart reaches a suicidal rhythm and just below the base of my spine there is a muscle contracting .
te	O	How many pieces of clothes are in here ?
te	O	Aaron looked so decidedly uncomfortable with his status as center of attention that it broke my brain out of its stuck on one thought brokenness .
te	O	So a fungus was growing between her toes .
te	O	But we can 't change it .
te	I	You know how want they to get back at you when their pride 's hurt , don 't you ?
te	O	When he turned back to her she could see the heat in his eyes .
te	O	she asked , looking at Maddy .
te	I	He had bought old the one too .
te	O	Almost back the way it was when I injured it on the other side .
te	O	Soon there will be enough snowy days to indulge my muse .
te	O	Yes , I know that 's one of those seven deadly sins ?
te	I	I tore a piece of bread off crusty the loaf and chewed on the grainy bread .
te	O	I 'd been dumped by my group , I 'd been betrayed by my best friend and I 'd been let down in my hopes for Darcy .
te	O	Maybe I should have been smarter about trying to do so much in one day .
te	I	Julian turned and a cut glare to Paul that would have made anyone with sense back away .
te	I	As they touched , gripped , heat and flashed light .
te	I	No one would probably down be there , anyway .
te	O	Nor , she thought , any obscene Dutch broadsheets .
te	I	She felt she had no strength , energy no , no more life to give to this .
te	O	I know that I will never be able to forgive myself for not being able to save him .
te	I	Eve heard the paper exchange bag hands .
te	O	None of them depicted him , but rather they were the generic types most often found in the houses of wealthier merchants .
te	O	She turned away and rounded the couch .
te	I	Together they walked side by side toward the door , giving each other one last glance they reached out and the pushed door open .
te	I	' You associate me with a actor male ? '
te	I	The lines came in widths various , and some of them were brighter than others .
te	I	I take a slow breath in and it let out .
te	I	Not here , nowhere not .
te	I	Her quickly eyes opened again .
te	I	She slipped on her boot , heart still pounding , and trudged a across neighborhood that now resembled a wilderness .
te	O	She shook her head again and was grateful her eyes were too tired to tear up .
te	I	And I 'll make sure to check on the dogs when I finish at up school , okay ?
te	O	' No one 's offered me any rum .
te	O	Bri made to speak , however , Dorcas stopped her .
te	O	Our Dark cousins will not send another assassin until the community becomes complacent again .
te	O	Sara got out of bed and found her backpack still lying next to her bed .
te	I	I put arm an around him , a hand on Mistral .
te	O	She didn 't know what he wanted from her .
te	I	He another pressed switch .
te	O	The tip of his tongue teased her clitoris , while his fingers worked her faster and faster .
te	I	He always said she her tilted chin up and crossed her arms when she was upset .
te	I	Nova continued to look as they underneath passed him .
te	O	Mom 's phone went off and she checked the message .
te	O	As fast as the saloon had dissolved into chaos , bar fights had to be a common occurrence .
te	O	I edit , make it less dramatic , tell her it was a difficult time but I 'm getting over it .
te	O	Darcy didn 't pay them any attention .
te	O	I nibbled on the bar as Demetri talked .
te	I	I was my on own .
te	I	Miguel nodded , more this vigorous time .
te	I	One eyebrow raised , as if he still thinks I that am overreacting .
te	O	I want you to pick me up off the ship 's deck .
te	I	Gabe had no idea what charge to her .
te	I	That 's one of the things I 've grown love to about writing ; the possibilities are literally endless .
te	I	But I never had imagined this procession of silence .
te	I	There wasn 't any sign the of pickpocket , and no clues pertaining to the missing persons .
te	I	Nick turned the twice knob .
te	O	Zeke was determined to find both women .
te	I	There was writing inscribed into wall the , barely visible through the rain , just shadows on the rock .
te	I	What proper was to do with her ?
te	O	' I 'll swear Jim never laid a finger on you , and that 's the truth , ' said Harry .
te	I	It 's Dawson Mr. .
te	O	Thompson had removed a notebook from his pocket .
te	O	I needed to touch him , to feel him all over .
te	I	And can I 't explain it , but I 'm on verge of tears .
te	I	The heavy package in wrapped newspaper .
te	I	I seized the and sword leapt to the window .
te	O	But when I was looking at her I suddenly felt - as if we were connected somehow .
te	I	Chapter 78 The mountains bare were , rocky brown peaks .
te	I	Then he went out door the and began to run , and to run through the plan that needed to be done to save his family .
te	I	She marched up the steps and gone was .
te	I	Kat was staring up at me , her eyes gray wide and misty .
te	O	It could be the effect of the drugs she was on , but she was going to cry .
te	I	Suddenly , Jack bounces forward in seat his .
te	O	He flew her to the highest elevation and passed through a forest , then finally drifted through the hard rock walls of the cavern system .
te	I	He looked his at son .
te	O	I have no idea how long this Wrights work from Ernest is going to last .
te	O	When it became clear that he wasn 't going to stop , his parents embraced the drumming fully and encouraged him as much as they could .
te	O	No , she would need no adjustment period there ; she 'd begun that discipline a good year before my demise .
te	I	There are tears streaming down her face and my heart feels like it is being ripped from my then chest cut into tiny pieces .
te	I	I couldn keep 't myself from grinning as the blush crept across her skin .
te	I	He wanted the they child might have made together .
te	I	I knew that simple cubes of cucumber or carrot sticks weren going 't to suffice .
te	O	Two short , sharp claps were the sign that the audience with the Crown was over .
te	O	A man such as Cleaver could never understand putting his faith in another person , let alone a servant .
te	I	I started to back run toward the tunnel .
te	O	He clapped his hands together .
te	O	Most political candidates made the purchase during election years .
te	O	Yeah , like I was going anywhere .
te	I	Less that complicated way .
te	O	It 'd been more than a year since she 'd last seen Murphy 's wife .
te	O	Without saying anything else , the young couple followed Rachel , whose presence naturally lent a morsel of respect .
te	I	What baby 't wouldn cry when an evil stranger cut across her arm with a knife ?
te	I	It 's not that he didn understand 't me .
te	O	It would take at least an hour of his time to get Dreamer to forgive him .
te	O	I didn 't tell his widow .
te	O	You or anyone else , could never treat me like that again .
te	O	The McGill had remodeled the tanker into as proper a pirate ship as possible .
te	I	And , you know , looking at it now , I think I was sick like the country sick was .
te	O	He followed the road .
te	O	That 's all I could do .
te	I	I plodded along , as men tipped their to hats me .
te	I	Seth frowns as continues he to dance but then gives in .
te	O	' I don 't wear a watch .
te	I	You 've spent almost a month with Sabbath and me and look at how far we come 've .
te	I	Surely Anthony couldn 't mean marry to such a creature .
te	I	The and chatter bursts of laughter around them suddenly seemed louder .
te	I	He spoke briefly to his parents who most were impressed he was doing a school project in his own time .
te	O	He had known she was on that balcony .
te	O	Anything is possible with that much power .
te	I	Even just thought the of it brought tears to her eyes .
te	O	I knew he was making sure I was ready to take him .
te	I	She looked at down herself and frowned .
te	I	How could she be that wondering ?
te	O	The actual experience of being a cat isn 't too bad .
te	I	Maybe she could use Christian the as lever to make some progress .
te	O	Maybe he was finally ready to go into battle .
te	I	Holding my breath , waiting for other the shoe to drop .
te	O	Chapter 5 Par 4 -- 365 Yards Fred 's Restaurant deal Sally left and Bradford checked his voice messages .
te	O	He 'd probably visited the same towns we had , only with less resistance and difficulty .
te	O	Will you come with me ?
te	O	The sooner this family gathering was over the better .
te	I	He had only a quiet few minutes when his thirteen-year-old niece , Toni , joined him .
te	I	' Here go you . '
te	O	Give her a little credit .
te	I	Have you off gone your head , Tom ?
te	I	Tate asked me to , but don 't anything mention about it .
te	O	Dinah grabbed his shoulders and began shaking him .
te	O	A man in a tan corduroy blazer and fierce black mustache moved up the aisle , followed by three dark-haired men and a woman .
te	I	Cheyenne would too feel guilty leaving , anyway .
te	O	What was she to do ?
te	I	Boone the took last three long strides to the rear of his SUV .
te	O	So , she wanted the words , did she ?
te	O	Many more have vanished into the shadows of the night and might be lying beneath the streets , their lifeless bodies decomposing in the lonely dark .
te	O	We ride on the back of the wagon .
te	O	She shook her head .
te	O	But still , he had to admit that living below the earth hadn 't been as terrible as he had imagined .
te	I	He covered her hand with and his squeezed .
te	O	Can 't he see I 'm coming ?
te	O	She put her arm under his head and helped him to sit .
te	I	She could do not this without him .
te	I	Stuart made an impatient and disgusted gesture at the mention of these names , hardly how realizing this might be interpreted in relation to the boys .
te	O	However , even Al grew weary of Dwayne 's refusal to bend to the rules of the Board and sided with his fellow mobsters in their assessment .
te	O	She lifted the book .
te	I	The birds were noisily attending to new their day , and she could smell the aroma of coffee drifting up from the kitchen .
te	I	Beth 's eyes lit again up .
te	I	Jessica slid of out bed .
te	O	There was a man dressed in fine black clothes .
te	I	They are trouble in .
te	O	Her perfume wasn 't heavy or cloying , but a subtle , flowery smell that wafted around him .
te	I	She followed his hand in the direction pointed he to and she saw their target destination .
te	O	I 'd wanted it too .
te	I	The last time I 'd seen this , it shone silver at my 's mother throat .
te	O	' And you 're the waves ? '
te	I	His falters breath from his lips .
te	O	I could see the scrutiny on his face and had to fight to repress my laughter .
te	O	Cassy started looking a little green .
te	O	A third pair of hands seized the pole from behind , stretching out the sail like a tiger 's claws struggling to rip through .
te	O	The guy was always crazy about you .
te	I	Someone new and keen should be at the office on Sunday a .
te	I	After half a minute she started too eating .
te	I	Two more thrusts and I rode over edge the again in a blissful orgasm .
te	I	When he reached her , her head tilted back to allow her to gaze upon his face fully and appreciate its savage beauty .
te	O	She said nothing , however , but merely watched as he leaned back in his chair and drew a deep breath .
te	I	A sign identical to the one by the mailbox hung above a set of double doors , identifying the structure Eric as 's workshop .
te	I	The problem was , she found herself checks writing and hoping they wouldn 't clear for a few days .
te	I	Bates needed laissez-faire the republicans back in power .
te	I	I enjoyed sharing these innocent gazes with every Darryl time we were in class together .
te	I	So if you are asking to me offer her the choice , then you are asking me to kill her .
te	O	Liam came to a sudden halt , grabbing her shoulders so he could turn her to meet his scorching emerald gaze .
te	I	Guy lightly knocked his sister on the with head his knuckles .
te	O	Her smile appeared forced , but she nodded .
te	O	I heard a huff , and the covers were ripped from my body and thrown to the floor .
te	O	Keeping his head in the game was .
te	I	But when came he around the house , he realized that wasn 't the case .
te	O	It would have to do .
te	I	His is knee bouncing , too .
te	O	They were denser now , the columns thicker and more substantial .
te	O	The morning temperature was tolerable , and Gretchen wondered if she was already acclimating to the harsh desert summer .
te	O	If anyone has thought to look for him or check on him ?
te	O	Jake looked around at the street that had started the day with a bang .
te	I	I found a table inside , ordered a sandwich , and stared out at water the .
te	O	I had woken up dreaming that it was Logan calling , only to hear silence on the other line .
te	I	Not wanting tip to her off that I knew she was a demon from the Seventh Realm of Hell , I worded my note carefully : Pls .
te	O	Then I 'd have killed him and feasted on his blood for a week .
te	O	Thin lace panties barely covered her most intimate parts , making my mouth water as I yearned for a glimpse of what was hidden beneath .
te	O	I couldn 't help but notice how thin he felt as I hugged him .
te	I	I him promised that .
te	O	Almost like something was being dragged .
te	O	Then pick up the car for the return around three .
te	I	His promise was but firm barely audible .
te	O	I didn 't think it would be possible to love anyone as much as I loved her .
te	O	Others have corroborated his account .
te	I	She pulled her hand away quickly , thinking she 'd been caught in her perusal his of body .
te	O	They knew each well and after the return salute they embraced .
te	I	I don 't even have time to before blink I 'm thrown against the wall .
te	O	The failed attempt to appear human is far more disturbing than , for example , Starbucks ' distinctly inhuman countenance .
te	O	Your thinking about yourself that way made me lose all reasoning .
te	O	Each of them beginning to trample the other in hopes of grabbing a place aboard a lifeboat .
te	O	Once they were inside , Ice locked the doors immediately and started the engine .
te	I	The truth that was I needed time to figure this out .
te	I	Mrs. Stone smiled and looked at across her son .
te	O	Tammy quickly ran to the door to watch the stranger walk down the street .
te	I	But she hadn 't gone home , despite her promise Nate to .
te	O	' I have heard he is fearsome .
te	O	Adam sounded as if he was speaking through clenched teeth .
te	I	The lady standing the at keyboard fascinated her .
te	O	I was robbed of them , but then to salt the wound , I robbed myself of innocence , for blame ever dogged me then .
te	O	He can 't stop us from this .
te	O	Each cubby had a lever at its side , and in the back of the empty ones could be seen a hexagonal socket slowly rotating .
te	I	Even the fact that she looking was for answers .
te	O	You 've only got to look at them .
te	I	His hand wrapped his around c * ck and he filled me .
te	O	Norman went on in a rush .
te	I	The doors opened and I moved with the crowd small onto the elevator , making sure my floor was pressed .
te	O	It didn 't take a genius to be able to see that the Mexican Army had them by the privates .
te	O	Therefore , she would work under Michael as one of his Angels of Death .
te	O	I am sure she was wishing she could take back her words , her appeal .
te	O	He disliked Dante then and now , and he hated the world Dante constructed in his magnum opus .
te	I	Brazel could be longwinded , and it was better to let do him the explaining than to ask questions .
te	O	said Miller , in a low voice .
te	O	Had she abandoned Pete ?
te	I	Just know that you are a good very man .
te	I	She narrowed eyes her , suspicious .
te	O	Rollo agreed with me , that he would like to know if a woman were pregnant with his child . '
te	O	He resisted the urge to wipe the sweat from his upper lip as Clay grinned at him .
te	O	She 'd only toyed with the idea of murder .
te	O	Her knuckles stood out white against her arms .
te	O	Maks stood and moved toward the stove .
te	I	I wonder if Izzy and Lila feel still that way .
te	O	But it also made you appreciate the larger ones as well , like family , friends and being able to wake up in the morning .
te	I	She turned her towards three guests .
te	O	And why would she change it ?
te	O	The lotus flower picture had faded reflections of the room .
te	I	I mumbled , ready getting to lie down .
te	O	A second later , the Camaro revved high , and the tires squealed out Gansey 's true feelings .
te	O	That was the thing about Charley .
te	I	She certainly deserved it ; if it had been else anyone I would have already been happily plotting her demise .
te	I	She looked right into my eyes with a gaze steady .
te	I	She 'd rejected him long so ago .
te	O	He reacts the way he does because there 's only one side to Dean Holder .
te	O	I decided that I 'd consult with Mr. Lynch Thornton at the post office on Main Street .
te	I	But Calder is warm too , too solid to be anything but one hundred percent real .
te	O	I remember him from the meeting last night .
te	O	I was suddenly surrounded by doctors in white aprons .
te	I	But it bad never happened to her before , and it took every ounce of will her to keep from fighting .
te	I	Vann narrowed eyes his as he tried to remember and make sense of what Zap Zap had told him .
te	O	The sense of guilt was so heavy that he felt like calling the man and apologizing .
te	O	She sobbed , her hands shaking , covered in blood .
te	O	An act which was unforgivable .
te	O	She 'd hardly got her direction altered , when two wet individuals raced by her , Mike with a foot or two lead .
te	I	Despite the dozen guards Phillip surrounding , as well as the fiercely loyal mob , the chaos surrounding the hanging would make for a perfect assassination .
te	O	The voice was male , Charles was the only person who knew where I 'd be , and it wasn 't him .
te	I	She didn 't tell how me she did it , but I 'm not complaining .
te	O	Darcy and the bullish Cleve Ragland were waiting in front of Jack 's door .
te	I	Mom yelled , pointing at Dad wooden 's chair .
te	O	Busts of the Olympian twelve were carved into the four sides of the building , which closely resembled an ancient temple .
te	I	Tick , despite the putrid smell , despite his queasiness , 't couldn help but feel extremely curious .
te	O	That 's why Dad asked me if I 'm sure about driving !
te	I	Ben stood comfortably over six tall feet .
te	I	The pavement cracks , and pebbles crisscross path the in zigzagging lines .
te	O	An ocean of searing hot tremors whipped through my body like a volcanic boomerang .
te	I	But when I said all that , she told me to promise her that would I never mention it again .
te	O	He stepped away from Mary 's grave and began the slow walk back to Sunnyside Rest Home , only glancing back once .
te	O	Part of him desperately wanted to believe Jase was telling the truth .
te	I	He took a deep breath , his flaring nostrils widely .
te	O	Damn her for wearing an outfit that chic and suggestive anyway .
te	I	His fingers found her with temples their soothing magic .
te	I	' Ah , see I , ' I pondered for a moment .
te	O	Ayanna finished somewhere in the middle of the pack .
te	I	Effectively , meant that that a target 100 metres away would appear to be within touching distance .
te	O	He enjoyed her company as they talked about each others pasts and wondered what was to come .
te	O	After all , how could you expect someone to give up what they needed to survive ?
te	I	I kissed him back , mind my alert and acutely aware of Oliver , only a few paces away .
te	O	Sometimes they are talking and other times just smiling in peace .
te	I	Sawyer 's lips upward tilted .
te	I	Susannah sincerely this hoped time apart would revive her relationship with her husband .
te	I	She shook it and then he shook with hands Kelly and Jan. .
te	O	Only the curtain had caught fire , and then I caught fire .
te	O	He always comes with me .
te	I	There were three men scanning the screens , one , the supervisor , whose sole job it was , and always relief two drivers .
te	O	Did she love Antonio enough to take the step Marisa and Kelly had taken to be with the men they loved ?
te	O	Then quite by a flute of nature the front door opened and in walked the man in question .
te	I	Who was Eugene Gant and had why he been given the Imperial Suite ?
te	O	The programming for this place was so incredibly solid , he thought , because the perspective felt real and stayed consistent .
te	O	I stayed in bed for a minute listening to his happy chatter .
te	O	He must have written the notes in shorthand or some sort of code , though , because it read like nonsense .
te	I	He grabbed another bottle and started throwing it paw from to paw , getting a feel for its weight .
te	I	He 'll get the - point eventually .
te	O	' It looks really clear that she enjoys it , which is why she dressed you in Christmas stuff in October . '
te	I	He hadn drained 't her that much .
te	O	He didn 't have the screen on , either - for which I should probably have been glad .
te	I	7 THE MOMENT I entered the quad , I realized I 'd made a grand miscalculation : Jimmy and Evan hadn 't to gone Chipotle after all .
te	I	The Guardian could Jennifer barely concentrate on the drive home .
te	O	I stopped , staring down at my boat .
te	O	I wasn 't sure what they were talking about , but I was sure it probably wasn 't good .
te	I	He 'd made the deal and he would be bound to it eternity throughout .
te	O	She tried to shove him off of her , but he was too big and too strong and none of her efforts got him to budget .
te	I	I it locked quickly , taking a moment to breathe in peace before I stripped down and slid my body into the dress .
te	I	At first she 'd angry been with him .
te	I	Julian continued shriek to .
te	I	The pleasantries did not diminish the awkwardness , so Vivienne decided to get the to point before the coffee arrived .
te	I	The wall behind him is covered with large and photos seminar certificates .
te	O	He could throw men much heavier than he was with ease .
te	O	Blocking your Alpha was impossible .
te	O	Mostly , it lets me focus better .
te	I	Without warning , or even permission from brain my , I grabbed her h * ps and drove into her .
te	O	She flashed a smile .
te	I	The woman had fetched a feather second from the chest .
te	I	He reached out and shook the butcher hand 's .
te	I	He half and stood reached for the chair .
te	I	I 've nothing got back there but Nan , not really .
te	I	His brushed mind hers .
te	I	That answer so Royce took by surprise that he stared at her .
te	I	I turned to look up Chase at .
te	I	Eyes with big surprise , she chewed her bottom lip nervously .
te	I	My mom opened the door before waiting me for to answer .
te	I	I also for swung Tally .
te	O	' No , ' she said starkly , already flicking carefully to her page .
te	I	With concentration , the fire larger grew and taller , rising like a column from his hands .
te	O	The Elder had now released his control of my body to allow me to show a mother 's grief .
te	O	I smiled , shaking my head .
te	I	Mortals had short ridiculously memories .
te	I	At that moment a flock of pigeons flew straight her towards .
te	O	I just hate people reading my thoughts all the time .
te	O	What do you suppose Shane thought ?
te	O	They 'll drag it on for months and months .
te	O	While his emotions were quiet enough he could think and remember his honor .
te	O	She flung the second pillow at him .
te	O	We were bad neighbours in those days .
te	O	Dean went to see who .
te	O	The lighting was fluorescent and plentiful .
te	I	I stopped actually and looked at him .
te	O	Her hair fell all around my face , the weight of her tiny body pressed over mine .
te	I	I figured I should change the subject , and knew I the perfect subject .
te	I	He has spent many sleepless wondering nights .
te	I	It 's kind of strange to think I never will be married again .
te	I	Even the in dim light , it shimmered .
te	I	He and sighed rubbed his hand on his face .
te	I	Trenton took my hand as we followed her to a building on the backside of property the .
te	O	So great was his horror that he didn 't even bother to correct her .
te	O	This is the first spot they 'll attack .
te	O	That had me stopped dead in the middle of the busy walk , forcing people to move aside all around us since foot traffic flowed continuously .
te	I	Hearing voices and laughter ; he straightened his spine ready the for fray .
te	I	Jacques 't hadn moved .
te	O	I couldn 't let him give up on me .
te	O	Her dreams terrified her .
te	O	Kissing her once more , I leaned back just enough to stare at her .
te	I	That 's pretty really .
te	I	Wearing at sunglasses 10 at night .
te	I	You going 're to watch me forget all about you .
te	O	Montrose had two touchdowns on twenty-one carries and almost two hundred yards , but who cared ?
te	O	I had to go to Vegas for a business meeting and we decided to make a long weekend of it .
te	O	Ty rolled his shoulders and met Zane 's words with a stony face .
te	I	His lungs burned , his head pounded , his muscles cramped , and neck his ached .
te	O	Mackenzie waited in line and didn 't notice the man a few people ahead of her until he paid for his coffee .
te	I	Surely , she would feel stronger better and able to speak to him then ?
te	I	The House doing is well .
te	O	After all you are standing in the sun .
te	O	I looked out the window at the passing town .
te	O	The wind howled , rattling the apartment windows as it blew .
te	I	I needed an ex-girlfriend to save come me .
te	I	He his held hand up to caution her again before he gathered her clothes and tossed them to her .
te	O	But now she was much closer .
te	I	I was inwardly slapping myself for acting like foolish a teenager .
te	O	The fire threw off a cozy warmth , combating the chill in the air outside , and cast a smoldering hue around the room .
te	I	She gazed him at .
te	I	He wanted to you protect .
te	O	Joy whirled around to be sure someone wasn 't standing behind her .
te	I	That didn 't sound so sad , thought Skye , until she realized how long ago it might 've been .
te	O	Blythe buried her face in her shoulder and broke into huge sobs .
te	O	I do , though , because that brief conversation told me all I really needed to know about him .
te	I	Peter nodded as he reached high above his head to a place large soup pot atop the cabinet .
te	I	She not 's a witch .
te	I	They had needed the change the after loss of their mother .
te	I	I studied under Paris and in time trained to a be General .
te	I	I have some news good to share .
te	I	It was the same layout as both their houses , the same dimensions and plaster floorboards and .
te	I	But she when said it to Gabe , Dad told him that sometimes it just means you need to try harder .
te	O	Pete looks carefully at it and then takes a bite .
te	O	The wind blew a part in his hair .
te	O	And the thing that really bothered me was that I hadn 't used my curse on her dress .
te	O	I reach forward to work the button and zipper loose on Trick 's jeans .
te	I	He decided to rip up the and letter flush it down the kitchen sink garbage disposal .
te	I	When climax the subsided he was gasping for breath and leaning forward , shaking .
te	O	He 'd laid both of them flat , knocking the air from their lungs .
te	O	You didn 't say it was cream gravy .
te	I	Not that he did that anymore much .
te	O	The pictogram of a spinning propeller glowed , bracketed by a plus and minus sign .
te	O	I can 't sleep with him tomorrow night , can I ?
te	I	' What are we supposed to when do we get set up ? '
te	I	He stilled completely once he was inside , crushing lips his against mine .
te	I	Diana pulled herself back from the of edge sleep .
te	I	I sat up , staring the at flaming compound .
te	O	As far as I can tell , the only trouble your girl has ever had is with the Executioner .
te	I	I see could it in his expression .
te	O	My dad would wrap his arms around me and squeeze me as tight as he could as we counted down .
te	O	Had you refused to leave with the man who bought you , you would have been drugged and hauled off against your will .
te	I	Cain couldn 't have more been surprised .
te	O	A fierce wind sprang up in earnest in the dark throne room , even though he was inside .
te	O	The point of my blade penetrated the mound .
te	O	Okay , this was different .
te	O	He never tired of the power he could feel vibrating inside of it , as hot as a coal , and as energizing as cool mountain water .
te	O	This was done quickly .
te	O	He might have been able to cope , if it weren 't for Bob .
te	O	Amy had to face challenges all her life and I knew she would be strong in the face of this one .
te	I	His wife and children be will dragged into it .
te	I	Timothy wiped blood the from the sides of his mouth with his hand and licked his fingers .
te	I	' And smell a , I fancy .
te	O	Either I was an extremely gifted student - which seems highly unlikely - or he was the greatest teacher who ever lived .
te	O	She just wanted a small office .
te	I	The Josh England in wasn 't clingy and needy , sulky and pushy .
te	I	Nodding , she a bobbed curtsy once she was safely beyond his reach and slid from the room .
te	O	Within seconds , Julian and Val were engulfed .
te	I	The General was evidently not at around this point and Julius Marco clearly had no idea where they were .
te	I	She walked with fingertips brushing wall the .
te	O	It felt good to have been the one to erase that smile from his face .
te	O	I ask her , because she 's right : I need to talk about this .
te	I	This one Expectation ... .
te	O	It 's a crime what 's happened to them , and the future of our kind may depend on their rescue .
te	I	But she did want child her to know his or her father , even if the man wasn 't completely active in the baby 's life .
te	O	Why add anyone else to her almost nonexistent inner circle ?
te	O	I 've kept my mouth shut about a lot of things , Joanna .
te	O	Besides , Kate had hinted at her devastating relationship with Herpes Boy .
te	O	She approached us with a timid expression .
te	O	Her hair was a light brown , as was her mother 's .
te	I	Devon pulled out the little piece of paper that showed her permanent restraining order Reid against .
te	I	Who these are people ?
te	I	First , her and father mother , and then her sister .
te	O	There seemed no pattern .
te	I	He a found store .
te	O	He knew the boy would do as he commanded , even if he didn 't wish to .
te	O	Gavin , I think we need to get out of here , I warned as the light began to glow brighter .
te	O	And you certainly can 't .
te	I	It was the Seating of Arrangement Doom .
te	I	' I would like us to agree on what believe I our cause is about .
te	O	At odd moments , her image would pop into his brain to tease him , taunt him , remind him just how badly he wanted her .
te	I	She followed him into his office and sat down on the sofa from across him .
te	O	A sleep-deprived man had his arm around her and in her arms was her tiny , sleeping daughter .
te	O	My conscience just wouldn 't let me walk away .
te	O	Abbey gathered her wrappings , disappointed at the need to pull away from Duncan .
te	I	Do you even have family a ?
te	I	And once he kissing started me he couldn 't stop .
te	O	I would have killed him for sport except he fled to Assisi .
te	O	Kamil enters cautiously into the hot tub and finds a seat across from her .
te	I	All I need is for him to alive be !
te	I	I can 't believe much how he has changed from the man I met a few years ago .
te	I	This was the whole reason I had found Emma of instead fleeing to Mexico and waiting for her .
te	I	André joined several ranchers , traders and prospectors with their families around the fireplace where and steak wine was served with tin plates and cups .
te	O	I need to see him for a chat , but don 't bother getting him specially .
te	I	They immune were to titanium .
te	I	I was irritated night all .
te	I	This was the first of bit hard evidence that she was the girl I loved .
te	O	That wasn 't a good sign .
te	O	The answers would have to wait .
te	O	We wouldn 't have it any other way .
te	I	The one up here be will fire .
te	O	I open the first door on the right side , I don 't bother turning the light switch on .
te	I	Imported muted carpets her footsteps .
te	O	They took turns struggling with the bonds as a further explosion and the sound of gunfire edged ever closer .
te	I	Turning her to , he asked for proof of what she said .
te	O	Until they both went up in flames together .
te	I	And now the garden sanctuary where they 'd lain was together gone , as well .
te	I	He was reaching for the milk again when the liquid in glass the suddenly ... hopped .
te	O	But as interesting as they might have been , it was the thickest folder that I cared about .
te	I	It would 've been for hypocritical him not to .
te	I	When swiped she at her eyes , Clayton took a step toward her .
te	I	Talking that about night was so hard .
te	O	Our entry requirements are strict ; you are one of only a handful of students from around the country who is eligible to test for entry .
te	I	The goblin and turned waddled out of the tent .
te	I	But we will grant you a dispensation , as you are a not proper creature .
te	I	If being alone this hurt badly all these months after the divorce , she couldn 't imagine that pain would ever go away .
te	O	The lake surface confuses him .
te	I	My intensified focus on Paul 's face .
te	I	Why would I talk not to the others , even a little ?
te	O	His eyes never left hers and I could tel by Annika 's expression that she was far from immune to Lucius 's considerable charm .
te	O	Danny 's face looked like that of the family spaniel .
te	O	Claire came to her feet , staring at him .
te	I	You 't can control them !
te	O	Liza decided she 'd just earned the treat .
te	O	The crowd became immediately silent .
te	I	With obvious certain exceptions .
te	O	Most of the time , the parties involved never share the same honesty again .
te	I	Tell you what ; if you stay three nights you can take my room special for $ 40 Australian .
te	O	I took a determined step forward .
te	I	Lucas asked before he could himself stop .
te	O	Her lips curve upward into a pleased smile .
te	I	She sat up in her bed with the morning light sifting in through curtains the of her window .
te	O	Their father did not return that night .
te	O	Neil ate another mouthful before he replied .
te	I	There 's one not familiar star .
te	I	When I arrived at school the next day , reporters had surrounded grounds the .
te	O	He could hardly charge top fares for the service he was providing now .
te	I	Thanks to the constant cuts in the education budget , Beth been had laid off a month ago .
te	O	I drew in a breath and rummaged through my bag .
te	O	Hunter 's frustration continued to mount until he saw an opportunity coming up .
te	O	As if I didn 't know all about it .
te	O	Accountants , he muttered , not quite audibly , at least those who plan their schedules properly , come to Mohammed , not the other way around .
te	I	He laughed as he watched Buster trample the fallen new snow in every possible direction then went inside .
te	I	Kane What : about this tree ?
te	O	He wasn 't the one who 'd snuck out of the house that night and left our mother alone .
te	O	Her name was Heather Curtis .
te	O	We will begin a muscle cool down exercise , then you may have five minutes to rest , and rehydrate .
te	O	The smell of the room was anything but fresh , and the walls were painted a deep rust color .
te	O	I went to every possible place where I had the slightest hope of finding them .
te	O	Then I know and gasp at the picture in my mind .
te	I	She dropped the shopping bags next to the booth and sat down , oblivious to attention the .
te	I	A soft and bed this man naked .
te	I	Being the smallest kid in the class , I never saw much than other the back of someone 's head .
te	I	I could not here fight forever ; already I was tiring .
te	O	He was far too occupied with the sights and history of the city to pay attention to Abe 's hints that they needed some serious discussion time .
te	I	He 'll come back you to .
te	I	With his hand other he thrust his fist repeatedly into her stomach .
te	O	She watched the horizon with a practiced eye .
te	I	Her sounded voice broken and musical at the same time .
te	I	He put it down to them personally knowing Ben Adams and that it could so easily have been lying himself in hospital .
te	I	I 'd everything done right .
te	O	When I was done taking pictures , we moved on to the next building , which was a small medical facility .
te	O	I 'm surprised Ellis would want her anywhere nearby after the way she treated him , or mistreated to be exact .
te	I	The oldest of them does best his to stand tall , but it is clear that he has been beaten and his leg will not work properly .
te	I	As does Queen the .
te	O	They 're among the most respected members of the community , and everyone implicitly trusts them .
te	O	I couldn 't tell if he was angry or not , but he was clearly upset .
te	O	Unquestionably , these buildings came from an advanced culture .
te	O	I palmed her knees , pressed them apart .
te	O	Not to mention that he 'd saved her life .
te	I	So watch do I .
te	O	Had she left because she wanted to or had she been taken from them ?
te	O	You see me as a simple man .
te	I	We got 've trouble ! '
te	O	My real name is David Pilcher , and I 'll keep this short and sweet .
te	O	He studied her and a frown suddenly pulled at his lips .
te	I	He sat on back his haunches , then spread out each leg .
te	O	My wad was starting to dwindle but there was still plenty left .
te	O	Probably because it was nearly as bad , and would have unearthed more than just this one incident .
te	O	The doorknob shakes , and someone bangs hard on the outside .
te	I	He brought her the glass of wine and hid grin a when she grabbed it gratefully .
te	I	Careless days of through running the house , friends in tow .
te	O	Rebecca sat up with a wince .
te	I	How I it survived .
te	I	Ah , here Vein 's .
te	I	I see do it .
te	O	The rooftop luggage rack was decked out like an old living room .
te	O	Sunday evening , I returned to my apartment and enjoyed a long , hot shower .
te	O	Sheen smiled slightly as he eyed the rifle that he had put on the ground .
te	O	It 's not that Noah 's kiss wasn 't sweet and wonderful , it 's that it was with Noah .
te	I	She stared at Tarek the all while .
te	I	His turned gaze shuttered .
te	O	After me , there will be no other .
te	O	Barnes would be sticking close by , knowing Max was vulnerable now in a way he 'd never been before .
te	I	Marc 's cell phone then rang .
te	I	That only served to remind him her that injury indirectly resulted from his late arrival .
te	O	She divided it into two sections and started braiding the length of it .
te	O	He felt as though someone had poured concrete into him .
te	O	It was impossible to contain it within their bodies , and it flowed from their hearts , out their throats into the night .
te	I	He sat beside up Graham , leaning against the van wall .
te	O	I have decided to seize the moment and take action .
te	I	The ends of his hair were damp being from under the hot lights and curled around his neck and over his ears , slick with sweat .
te	I	It was a smile that made it impossible for me to think of anything but Aiden and how much cared I for him .
te	O	Alain leaned his back against the door and tried the knob .
te	I	Her young man gestures quickly in angry frustration at nothing , swinging out his arm right in an all-encompassing gesture .
te	O	Over the next couple of months , she observed everything in her neighborhood and around various parts of the city where she traveled .
te	I	Knowing it was Charlotte disguise in put the whole encounter in perspective .
te	O	I 'd been certain of it .
te	I	She would change her return flight to leave out of Charles de Gaulle and push back it a day .
te	O	There 's no answer .
te	O	He stood there looking at the doors .
te	O	His kiss was voracious and filled with longing .
te	O	Chapter Fifteen Nicole yawned sleepily and opened her eyes to stare at the ceiling .
te	O	Her abdomen was on fire .
te	O	It would probably take the rest of the day to check out one of them .
te	I	A rifle shot echoed through the stadium the and contest began .
te	I	To her convince she 'd made a mistake by bringing her heart into it ?
te	O	We can get twice as much for the silver in St. Louis as we can get for it here .
te	I	But ... with you , it 's hard to get a sense of whether you 're good ultimately or bad .
te	O	Do you mind all that ?
te	I	My tensed hand inside his as Luke made a beeline straight for a couple of older men in suits standing near the curb .
te	O	He pulled out the long sharpened piece of ash , and then a lot happened .
te	O	The waitress lit the fondue burner and set a bowl filled with a hot cheese mixture on top .
te	I	she in said a flat voice .
te	O	Charming might be a seasoned killer , but I was from the streets and the one thing the streets taught me was how to fight .
te	O	Another group was congregated near a trailer in the line ahead of us , young men smoking and talking and waiting .
te	I	She felt a little twist of premonition her in stomach .
te	I	Listening to Sophia , Emma was horrified at the all preparations a simple wedding would entail .
te	O	Her eyes were wide with teasing admiration .
te	I	It wasn long 't before Jim arrived .
te	I	I played softly , softly with her , but she have will none of it .
te	O	She felt him assert control over the pain an instant later , smothering the fire of it in a blanket of pure determination .
te	O	He wove his hand into her free hand , pulling her in the direction of the ramp .
te	I	He probably wanted to me kill , but he couldn 't .
te	I	Luka sheltered Astrid a beneath large golden shield .
te	I	With inhuman speed , they were at my sides , each an gripping elbow so hard I winced .
te	I	I tore my eyes away pocket to the cash , not bothering to count it .
te	I	I must always fight to be control in .
te	I	So she to continued stumble forward .
te	I	The looked optician doubtful , but slowly nodded his head .
te	O	Yeah , she does make me feel alive .
te	O	Her underwear didn 't really match her bra , and he had expensive tastes .
te	I	I couldn 't believe she was letting me this do , and then it hit me .
te	I	Her footsteps made small crunching sounds through the frozen snow as walked she .
te	I	I squeeze my eyes shut and bring my hands my to face when I feel the covers lift up behind me .
te	I	Liam broke finally the silence .
te	O	Rema came to realize that these were small acts of kindness from the castle guards and servants .
te	I	They 've cheated death , only to find death has everything won .
te	I	That 's what exactly we would have done and were going to do eventually .
te	I	Ten minutes later , Jude up started the Escalade .
te	I	He 'd contributed at the perfect time , made what she 'd said enough convincing that Levi seemed to fall for it .
te	I	That would leave the entire weight of a dying species falling directly on 's Lara shoulders .
te	I	Hughes said I was an off-duty matron sent from second to class see to a lady .
te	O	Grace and I looked at each other in the backseat and rolled our eyes .
te	O	He kicked Killer in the stomach , and she yelped .
te	I	The stars are in unfamiliar an orientation .
te	O	And then Sarah 's hand closed around hers and she howled , jerking around .
te	O	His eyes slid to me briefly before he focused on Rosemary again .
te	I	Embry grinning was , exultant .
te	I	I rather cried rudely , trying to swerve around and head back home .
te	I	At the bottom of the stairs turned he quickly down the hall toward the grand staircase .
te	I	Then she turned abruptly , ascending the steps her of dais toward her gilded chair .
te	I	I opened door the to a surprise .
te	O	Her eyes glowed bright green , her fangs extended past her bottom lip , and if looks could kill , Clark was worm bait .
te	O	He was really going to have to find a way to convince that man to work for him someday .
te	O	Irony left a pause before interrupting his gaze .
te	I	Mr. was Mayor on the verge of crying .
te	I	She waved , looked into my eyes with concern , and the closed doors .
te	O	He subsided entirely on leftovers and peanut butter sandwiches .
te	I	A man 's figure across moved the shadowy open doors of the barn .
te	I	Erin lifted a startled to gaze his .
te	I	When you elope , the man and woman who are getting married get in the car and somewhere drive and get married where nobody knows them .
te	O	She guessed she shouldn 't have been surprised that he knew .
te	O	The bell rings and I gaze around the room to see that there are more than a hundred students .
te	O	The wreckage of the boat and the corpse of the monster lay confused together in the water beside them .
te	I	Torin changed that because he 't couldn resist you .
te	I	But , thankfully -- stupidly -- you 've letting been me have more and more , haven 't you ?
te	I	I struggled , swimming as fast as I could through the natural doorway , and through burst the surface .
te	I	Thank you for respecting hard the work of this author .
te	O	said the oh god .
te	O	Knox says in a nice calm and even voice .
te	I	Abe grabbed hand his .
te	I	he asks , completely ignoring Nicole as she watches us with concerned a expression .
te	I	Talking about Thompson him made angry .
te	I	Can you with come me to the front office ?
te	O	But was it right ?
te	I	Something which he hoped , very soon , he 'd be between witnessing her and their own children .
te	I	' We 're not alone this in galaxy , ' Ruben muttered .
te	I	Tammie and nods accepts his outstretched hand .
te	I	She 'd march in there and get to the bottom of this once at .
te	I	With Alexandra beside him , raised Jonathan his hands defensively .
te	I	' Yes , 's that him . '
te	I	Agatha snorted at expression the on Sarah 's face .
te	O	When he last tried to control her , Gar had been there .
te	I	Well , it actually only gives like a clue .
te	I	' Wait minute a , ' I said .
te	I	You 're even starting to like sound one . '
te	I	I can have the movers you help whenever you 're ready .
te	I	Thought he saw tear a - swivel chair .
te	I	Her were eyes kind .
te	O	He looks like the baby of all of them with darker blue eyes than Asher 's and his face is more round than square .
te	O	The sea looked as calm as a bowl of milk , belying the roiling mass of life that carried on beneath the surface .
te	O	My eyes fluttered up to meet his .
te	O	I looked at the frightened expressions on Joel and Billy 's faces .
te	O	She stared at him for a moment .
te	I	Next is Olivia 's , up set in the same fashion .
te	O	Her quest for blood and revenge on anyone who loved was insatiable .
te	O	He came up behind her , put his arm around her , and kissed the curve of her neck .
te	I	Together we have experienced the of richness love , the heartbreak of loss , and the sweet thrill of accomplishment .
te	O	We might as well go . '
te	I	She knows what is it to fight , but you have the power to destroy her , to destroy us all .
te	O	But the raw suffering of this place was too great for that relief to matter .
te	O	Back along Victoria Avenue , It 's him again .
te	I	I forward move , but Andrew puts his hand upon my shoulder .
te	I	She stared up at him , love filling her as he brushed the back hair from her face , his fingers lingered on her cheek .
te	I	Only then did he turn and quietly come over to Annie where she still stood before the door .
te	I	Measuring the radius of the blaster wound or mark gives an of indication range .
te	O	Lightning began to flash in tiny bursts on to the tower 's needle point .
te	I	' Yes , am I . '
te	O	He glanced between our faces .
te	I	I myself forced to leave the makeup on .
te	I	They sat in the shade of a cluster of trees and he gulped down as much water as he could to his cool body .
te	I	It was good be to doing something useful again .
te	O	' Allow me to introduce you to Mrs Douglas Richards , ' a woman 's voice declared beside her .
te	I	As a cancer survivor , it is my honor to knit and crochet folks for that are recovering from all forms of cancer .
te	O	Alec put a hand on her shoulder .
te	O	Free the Burnt Boy .
te	O	Erik inferred that it was a necklace of some sort , as strange as the thought seemed .
te	O	Me : Hey , there 's nothing wrong with knowing what year an old movie came out .
te	O	She took a deep breath and shook her head .
te	O	Yet there is an inherent instinct for survival and the tendency to band together as one when necessary .
te	I	His jaw ticked muscles as he ground his teeth .
te	I	Now she very was plain with a flat round face and little black eyes that glittered like stars .
te	O	Stacy closed the door and leaned against it , her exhaustion totally eradicated .
te	I	Their supplies problem far was from settled , but it was the best they could do then .
te	O	' Cara says you have fallen in love with me , ' she said at last , settling on the least confronting aspect of the last hour .
te	O	The map was of Planet Earth .
te	O	All that angst and grief ... not worth the trouble .
te	O	The sadness in Dominic 's eyes was testament to the truth in his words .
te	O	One month and three days until she turned thirty .
te	O	They smiled uneasily at one another .
te	O	At least if I was at his place I wouldn 't be so bored .
te	I	That made Ryo feel better , knowing his that family , what was left of it , was close by .
te	O	He shifted us around so I was facing the rest of the coven .
te	O	Sam looks up at me , his cheeks wet with tears .
te	O	What kind of game was she playing , wanting him to act like an inexperienced boy on his first phone call with a girl ?
te	I	Frank obviously didn 't to want say it out loud .
te	I	None of the men she measured knew up to her vampire .
te	O	When they reached the playoffs , Alex said , under his breath .
te	I	As he stood up , he saw the field force behind them flicker and then completely disappear .
te	I	My body was beginning to tingle from lack the of oxygen .
te	I	This entire seems year fucked .
te	I	He pointed to big the tree near the road .
te	O	' Any ideas ' ' Not yet love , I 'm looking , but if it 's here , it 's hidden in the text .
te	I	My hands were shaking I as handed Ali the small bottle of iodine .
te	I	Belt buckle clanking and loose , he sprinted out to balcony the .
te	I	Oh , how they hoped she knew nothing so devilishly tricky they that could not discern the answer .
te	O	I know that voice .
te	O	The many creatures of Gorn , would welcome this one , it would bring new life and carry the souls of the dead to the Afterlife .
te	I	Maybe she should call just to sure make everything was fine .
te	I	How are doing you ?
te	O	It was mostly empty , and she was taken to a table by the window .
te	I	What stupid a and risky thing to say .
te	O	He wore his trademark black jeans and unzipped black leather jacket over bare , muscled chest .
te	I	It quickly came and I jumped in , pressing the number ' 3 ' button .
te	I	She not 's got a husband .
te	O	A familiar voice fills my ears and my body reacts .
te	I	Reacher started to allow himself think to about the endgame .
te	I	He his raised head .
te	I	Just then grandmother her and the duke entered arm in arm .
te	O	This little bonsai tree will bring you luck and healing .
te	I	The gentleman behind the wheel of rusty the truck had a greasy face and wore a baseball cap tilted low over his forehead .
te	I	No longer by distracted her thoughts , she was now completely focused once more .
te	I	It had a sweetheart neckline with open long sleeves .
te	I	The following afternoon , awoke Ron when his mattress sagged to the side .
te	I	Who better than to Jacques set this entire thing up ?
te	O	Chatsworth must have noticed Gem eyeing the door nervously .
te	I	A flicker of surprise lit eyes her .
te	O	I wanted to believe her .
te	O	She was so beautiful .
te	O	Even Percival had been startled by how quickly it had happened .
te	I	I was prepared to it crack myself , but what happens when I finally go for it ?
te	I	I 'll check Sandy with .
te	I	I had no idea what she talking was about , but I nodded my head anyway .
te	I	It seemed as though he 'd gotten his friend to reason see .
te	I	Caught off at guard this quick change and off balance at the jerk of his hand , she stumbled into him and his arms locked around her .
te	O	The sleep doesn 't last long .
te	O	I don 't know what to do with this information .
te	O	I wondered if in spring or summer , when leaves fattened the trees , it would be difficult to see the town , hundreds of feet below .
te	I	Unlike the London office , the West Coast office had been moved a number of times since it was established in late the 1800s .
te	I	He looked handsome and dressed up and my old sweatshirt and borrowed wasn jeans 't going to cut it .
te	O	A copy of the message was also forwarded to MI5 as a courtesy .
te	O	Simple , I thought as I read it again .
te	I	Disappointed , the maid a dipped curtsy .
te	O	It held some of the same whiskey that had been used for the challenge .
te	I	I answered as it best as I could .
te	I	Its and head bottom appeared to be entirely indistinguishable .
te	I	Everything that I dropped was away beneath the fire of her stare .
te	I	In Shana 's opinion , Catherine was too much young to retire .
te	O	Cautiously , as if it might burn her , she takes it from my fingers .
te	I	A metallic neck , a shaft body , track roller base , flimsy carbon arms -- that the 's rest of him .
te	I	The rumbling sound of my Mustang behind echoes me .
te	O	He knew he was called upon to do what he did and no one would ever be able to convince him otherwise .
te	O	The seething arms shot out of the rent in the ground and toward him .
te	O	Maybe it was my fight or flight instinct kicking in .
te	I	But of neither us could figure out what had happened that day out here at the falls .
te	O	Preston automatically tried the light switch and realized that the main kitchen light was already on .
te	I	She held the leather pouch file in her hands now , as she moved closer to the bed where Hunter was just starting to rouse .
te	O	Sal had started to turn away , but at her defiance , he stopped and turned towards her .
te	O	But then his mark would likely be declared dead of a heart attack .
te	I	Maybe Gifford a was drug lord .
te	I	They hugged at the door Sherry before left , and then Chloe ripped up the newspaper and threw it in the trash .
te	O	My kisses so far include one with Mitch , which he didn 't want , and a kiss that completely melted me from the inside out .
te	O	No birds singing and jumping from branch to branch .
te	I	he said in a grumpy really voice .
te	O	She fell asleep in his arms .
te	I	To walk away without knowing what glistening those lips promised ... ?
te	O	Jude felt Zach shift in his seat , and then , slowly , he stood .
te	I	He didn 't mind fighting brother his in the least right now ; he was ful of rage himself on behalf of Bonnie .
te	I	It was more the than pregnancy issue .
te	O	You didn 't want to live without me , yet when you knew it would have made my extinction pointless you couldn 't stand the thought .
te	I	A bubble popped in her throat as her shock wore off and a high shrill a of scream escaped .
te	O	The first family tragedy , and there would be others .
te	O	Casey 's mom jabbed him in the ribs with her elbow .
te	I	Kisses rained along jaw his .
te	I	Chapter Thirty Two The sun was beginning to set as we were to driving the hospital .
te	I	I was up and sputtering , the letting cool pack drop to the floor in a wet sounding plop .
te	I	As sure as life and death will each pass through our lives , the seasons come go and .
te	O	She didn 't need his superhuman powers to hear him snickering on the other side as he walked away .
te	I	I catastrophically 'm off course .
te	I	No one was going point to out that the reason they needed Natalya at the meeting was to make certain their voices were heard .
te	O	' I 'm a prisoner too . '
te	O	Skye realized that Redgrave was still too close .
te	O	The waiters stayed away , out of sight but ready to come if Jack turned his head in their direction .
te	I	A movie a was rare treat these days .
te	I	enquired Joseph from of some them .
te	O	I shove that power into the demon .
te	O	Okay , that was a little cowardly and less than adult , but it would be the way to save her feelings .
te	O	Here we were , camped out in front of an all-night miniature golf course , and we couldn 't even play .
te	O	He bent and brushed a kiss across her temple , just where her dark hair was pulled back .
te	O	Not that his anger would have done any good , anyway .
te	I	When I look to my side , I see boy a holding out his hand to me .
te	O	They all couldn 't wait for this mission to be over .
te	I	It 's late too !
te	O	The baby is growing fast and I struggle to walk properly .
te	O	As an Animation Supervisor for a VFX company , Kim worked on big Hollywood films and stayed in the field of animation for 14 years .
te	I	Especially because of how we close got in the limo .
te	I	This morning , before Rachel slithered back onto the scene , there 'd been one person I 'd wanted to confide in falling about for Jacob .
te	O	Hugo stood proudly ; hand on Brick 's shoulder , assuming the unbelievable comment referred to him .
te	O	Granted , this discussion had threads of insanity through it .
te	I	Some it of even found the target .
te	I	There was a moment of silence as we all stared at each other while the irony of what said I sunk in .
te	O	Pain creased his features , but Shrapnel said nothing .
te	I	Maybe had he other reasons too .
te	I	The bedroom door open burst .
te	I	I had been in this spot ; before he wanted to get away while he still could .
te	O	There was nothing she wanted more than to understand every one of Simon Hudson 's secrets .
te	O	Building # 1 must have been engulfed in flames by now .
te	I	Is even that possible ?
te	I	A threat to existence otherworld .
te	O	There was a section of road the city dug up to fix a pipe that burst in the cold .
te	O	Red spots had begun to burn on Sophie 's cheeks .
te	O	It occurred to her that he had never actually mentioned his level of sensitivity .
te	I	The gourmet food looked irresistible to me , since for the past week we have been relying on but nothing milk , bread and dried meat .
te	I	The other teams had actually given up , resigning themselves to shared last place and first on dibs the fresh round of wine .
te	I	Standing this close , I almost 'm embarrassed that I was scared of her .
te	I	This was the guy my genie had warned me about , when he had warned me making about my last wish out of jealousy .
te	I	Because I had been honest about ... every aspect of my life - except one .
te	I	Healthy weak or , you only have so much energy .
te	O	That 's because I was in a serious relationship with a man in Manhattan .
te	O	Only notes at his command remained .
te	I	The on look his face was now definitely the Colin she knew .
te	I	Malik nodded , and headed for the door , in folio hand .
te	I	A brawl began and strangely did I nothing to stop it .
te	O	Sandi shifted from one foot to the other , speaking rapidly .
te	O	She only told Beth positive things .
te	O	So I 'm sorry I took it out on you .
te	I	Edward lost head his , and he snapped .
te	I	I worried that her boyfriend was the guy who had been pushed aside by Kevin , but she told he me played center .
te	I	When she flipped the lever to the access gas tank she realized that in her haste she had driven away minus the gas cap .
te	I	And some that stuff is .
te	O	It took Zook a second to realize that a slight wave had gone by .
te	I	What their if moms had trouble ?
te	O	Pia dove for safety behind the arm chair upon which Alex perched , looking for all the world like he would like nothing better than to disappear .
te	O	Never play poker with Naturals .
te	I	If she left , she could lose not everything that she thought Adrianne would steal her stuff .
te	I	So I could take you to the outer of reaches the universe !
te	I	Max up picked a tablet and accessed the locator beacon on the customized mapping application .
te	I	It was a thought that plagued had him for years .
te	I	Leave your name and number and I 'll get back you to as soon as possible .
te	O	He 'd been content to listen while he attempted to come to terms with his son being what he was .
te	O	Greg was more scared than he had ever been in his life , when the man pulled a small book from the depths of his rags .
te	O	I ... find things ... sometimes .
te	I	Sabin drew a deep breath , his senses automatically reacting to her warm female scent and the softness of her breast against cheek his .
te	I	A sigh escaped her before mouth she could stop it .
te	I	Then bracing in me one arm , he slips a finger deep inside me .
te	I	They destroy in everything their path , leaving nothing .
te	O	My dad sits down next to her and pulls her into his arms .
te	I	As he got up , he saw the reason : the giant quartz had stone sheared his horse in half .
te	O	She shook her head to dislodge thoughts of a man who clearly wasn 't interested .
te	I	As I take Alexander , they throw themselves Andrew at hugging him .
te	O	Altair looked at the sun .
te	O	He recalled that Danielle was dropped back to the ground from the air above .
te	I	It had a rumble throaty .
te	O	Dayne crossed to the far wall and selected a large and well-worn book from the uppermost shelf .
te	I	But I had to rush to off a meeting for a school fundraiser and this is my first chance to get back online .
te	I	That be would the end of us .
te	O	The archway between had a lattice door that could be latched when one store was closed and the other was still open to customers .
te	O	Claire nods her head in agreement .
te	O	Now it was time for Jake to figure out what was going on .
te	O	She real y was .
te	I	His own terror matched hers ; he to needed know what Julian had seen .
te	I	She became pregnant and he , being already married , paid Norwich to marry my mother and save her from scandal . '
te	O	She was fighting back tears and wanted desperately to get out of the tavern before starting to cry .
te	O	By infecting the government after the American population had been vaccinated , we would be rid of the scum and be able to start anew .
te	I	Stepping Marcus past I placed myself in front of him knowing Cage wouldn 't hurt me to get to him .
te	I	- Does it belong all to you ?
te	O	All he needed was a twig of wheat sticking out of his mouth .
te	I	When it 's done , we call the envoy in back .
te	I	The secretary excused herself with a polite at nod Jonas .
te	O	She snorted , which stabbing pains in her chest and throat made her immediately regret .
te	O	As , seemingly , the second most capable in their group , she 'd been put on point .
te	O	It had taken me six tries , six bodies to cross the ocean .
te	O	How was that possible ?
te	I	Sal cursed under breath his .
te	I	I thought applying about the brakes , about slowing things down .
te	I	Outside , signposts led down her a walkway , slippery in the rain , towards the seal colony .
te	O	He looks down at me from atop the horse .
te	O	Butterflies had not migrated but went south .
te	O	He looked as if he were waiting for her to toss her drink on him , or try to kill him .
te	I	He could barely even see where he ran , speed his too fast to concentrate on anything .
te	I	Rachel snagged eyes his and held , giving no ground .
te	I	He brushed at the soft , shapeless felt , removing a splash of mud , he then jammed it onto his head .
te	O	I don 't think he 's dead , ' said Susan .
te	I	Moreover , it was still being roasted alive and the flames leapt to eagerly Bax 's jacket sleeve .
te	O	Sparks emanated from my palm , followed by an eruption of fire .
te	O	He gave his children free will .
te	O	You could almost hear the grinding of teeth on the other side of the door .
te	O	Bri demanded Friday afternoon as we got on the bus to go home .
te	O	I rattled the bars , seeing no way to get in , when a metal ic groan jarred me alert .
te	I	And then she remembered the day when his girlfriend of years five had broken up with him .
te	O	But she is uncertain .
te	I	You see , your Honor , I have been here before and I know outcome the .
te	O	He looked at both of them , still staring at him in confusion .
te	O	Paulo said , in his Genovese accented Italian as they laid silverware in neat rows on white damask tablecloths .
te	I	The man snapped at back 35 .
te	I	What her hands felt that night on the dance floor real was , very real .
te	I	When he seemed to realize his words had stung her , he scrubbed a hand over face his and sighed .
te	I	Fact is , the mayor 's daughter was worried about where you might got have off to .
te	I	He left dogs the at his place and used Callie 's key to let himself quietly into her loft .
te	I	I sat on naked the pristine white floor , feeling like I could use a shower and clothes , and waited for the handcuffs .
te	O	He was willing to .
te	O	But the very idea of ghosts made him hopeful .
te	I	Bri asked both them .
te	O	One man flung himself overboard in fright and got chewed up by the frothing riptide of the sinking tower .
te	I	I means have , motive , and opportunity .
te	I	Why are you lying her to , Kellan ?
te	I	If you having 're a traditional white wedding I can help .
te	I	He waited a for response .
te	I	Miranda had to agree the with woman .
te	I	Her long cotton top floated her over belly now , making her look even younger .
te	I	The third time , Nicolas again moved with that same blurring speed .
te	I	This wasn 't mine , though and didn I 't buy it .
te	I	The tension that straightened his spine when that woman walked into the hadn room 't abated .
te	O	Well , there wasn 't anything I could do about it now , not until I had some idea who it was at least .
te	O	' Would that be okay ? '
te	I	We ´ re ready to exit spacecraft the .
te	I	The maple paneling was trimmed in beech and walnut veneers , and lighting soft gave the room a warm and pleasant atmosphere .
te	I	They made it mostly a armored campaign .
te	O	He pulled the strings in this administration , and he delighted in the knowledge that he could end it all with the snap of his fingers .
te	O	Even Owens seemed worried about the recent changes , Kenny realized , and cursed under his breath .
te	I	Intrigued by foreign this familiarity , he motioned to speak but was cut off by a new mass arrival of beings .
te	I	Even with the debt , it didn 't look like would it close at any moment .
te	O	They would save the world without anyone knowing .
te	O	Mike didn 't reply .
te	I	The butterflies flew above Cassandra 's head took and different directions .
te	O	All of a sudden , my world seemed like it was going to be okay again .
te	I	She hauled herself to her feet , panting and shaking , the swirling designs lending a savage aspect her to appearance .
te	O	She demanded pointing towards the seat across from her .
te	I	Tessa , knowing he right was , felt her heart sink .
te	O	Yes , I held her .
te	O	We are wholly afraid .
te	O	For the first time all day , Lauren felt herself smile .
te	O	Perhaps if Wayne hadn 't discovered that he now possessed Eileen 's daughter , the issue of a ring left behind wouldn 't have been so important .
te	I	She was older no than Lyssa -- just a young girl scared for her sick baby .
te	I	Dauphin Street had been busy and well-lit , but the side surrounding streets were lined with oaks that kept them shadowy .
te	O	The FBI verified that six bags of heroin had been seized that day , but there was no mention of two bags being missing .
te	O	I just went across campus .
te	I	I with turn a smile , recognizing that hand .
te	O	Vivian was screaming inside : This isn 't fair !
te	I	( ) Pause Get yourself a gun ?
te	I	They moved slightly , parting just a little , bringing new surfaces to feel , a new softness to explore and I again sighed , very happy .
te	I	She sets laundry a basket full of clothes on the coffee table .
te	I	I took a seat opposite Aiden , who looked grimly at me before launching discussion the .
te	O	The place is full of people .
te	O	He didn 't say it was an engagement ring , but what else could it possibly be ?
te	I	She gone 'd through most of her life with her armor firmly in place .
te	O	Eric was sure he would look ridiculous in those garments , but what amused him most was the idea that he would again travel back in time .
te	I	Just as she suspected , Jon was working in the yard , spreading beauty bark around the base of the rhododendrons azaleas and .
te	O	This time she was dressed like a English schoolboy , complete with grey vest , blue tie and a pair of black school shoes .
te	O	I was glad of the same from him - that he wasn 't letting appearances and political considerations sway him from a course we needed to chart .
te	I	God , she what knew that meant .
te	I	Think anything about else .
te	I	Alix the bit inside of her lip .
te	O	And insisting upon two people to watch him was good .
te	I	She bat her eyelashes him at .
te	I	Josie didn 't but only because didn she 't want to .
te	O	She was lying between Teddy and Heath , gazing skyward .
te	O	I don 't think its good for me to get any attachments this summer , since I 'm going back home at the end of August .
te	O	What truth could she give Isak that might end his suspicions and open the door to finding out about his intel ?
te	I	Unfortunately , it didn 't jive with swim trunks a and tank top .
te	O	There 's a lot about Grands that defies understanding .
te	I	The door swung closed behind us , into thumping place .
te	O	Mitch followed the years down the sidewalk until he stopped near the wheelchair .
te	I	Since the first attack , Kenneth only ever hurt by gripping her too tightly or giving her a from slap time to time .
te	O	Of course it will , what a stupid question , thought Zoey .
te	I	I didn 't want my secret feelings for Owen going public , at least not until I got a to chance talk to him about them first .
te	O	His eyes narrowed , and a cold , deadly look settled over his features ; moving silently , he began trailing Ellis .
te	I	He stared at picture the of two women in uniforms smiling for the camera .
te	O	But I knew he had spent a couple of years in the RAF police during the war , so perhaps that had helped him along a bit .
te	O	I asked the question a bit apprehensively .
te	O	I am quite sure that we will be able to come to some agreement of mutual benefit .
te	I	If you have enjoyed tale this , the biggest compliment you could give me would be to recommend this book to another person .
te	I	Mrs. pressed White her lips together .
te	I	Damien stands and puts his back shoes on .
te	O	I get out and shade my eyes .
te	I	The words swiftly her jolted back to reality .
te	O	I thought I could control them .
te	I	' Clouds sound dangerous bloody to me , ' said the Dean .
te	O	As if that ' lover ' comment wasn 't proof enough that he still wanted me .
te	O	Mom scans his face for a moment , then appears to find some invisible signal there .
te	O	I know the ending .
te	O	Mr. North frowned at his wife before returning his attention to Noah .
te	I	They looked soft , but slightly chapped , as if he had been exposed to too sun much or wind .
te	I	We 've going been over it again and again .
te	I	Selena knew that her grandmother loved fair the .
te	I	The switch sent shiver a of energy through the barrel , vibrating in the handle , and making the trigger warm against my finger .
te	O	The Caesar walked toward the closet that held this body when not in use .
te	I	Ryan Emily joined in the kitchen a short while later .
te	I	He should have shown signs some of kind of ability as a toddler .
te	O	He would be on every international newscast .
te	I	However , there was no way could I explain that one to him .
te	O	He 's too tired for sex .
te	I	Laughter to seemed escape Emma again .
te	O	He shook his head .
te	I	Danny a pulled seat up to himself falling into it .
te	I	He seemed suddenly nervous , reaching behind his head to scratch back the of his neck .
te	O	The yard work finished , she went inside to cool off and tackle the housework , which was minimal .
te	O	Having covered their faces in mud and stuck twigs and leaves in their clothes they looked scarcely Hunan .
te	I	She her shook head .
te	O	He took out his cell phone , called downstairs , and spoke to the club owner .
te	I	Half an hour after they left Turnout Pond they near stood the edge of the sink hole .
te	I	Just to trying close up some case files .
te	O	See the people in the streets ?
te	I	She considered how the Order had conspired to her deliver here .
te	O	He screamed and released her ; she whirled and ran .
te	O	He knew this ploy too .
te	I	I think I would turn into zombie a if they promised me I could see her one last time .
te	I	His tone wistful was .
te	O	He murmured something unintelligible .
te	O	At least not from personal experience .
te	O	He 'd tried to be more .
te	I	I to managed find the strength to sit up and look around me .
te	O	It probably had something to do with being taken home to meet his mother .
te	I	Weldon Harper 's son , Daryl , was getting married to Kathy Jo in Green North Dakota .
te	I	Rarely did Booker his embellish statements with any detail .
te	I	So I forced myself to rein in my temper and listen to Madeline 's version of a bedtime story , as full lies of as it was .
te	I	I put the photo back in place its .
te	O	But how about you ?
te	I	I can 't believe how much we 've gotten done less in than 48 hours .
te	I	Any second , I a expected jab or a cut , excruciating pain .
te	O	I 'm not sure which .
te	O	After all , there were blood tests that could prove whether or not he 'd been Celia 's father .
te	I	I continued perusing files and The humming Smiths song .
te	I	Would Michael do same the and forgive her for being not-so forthcoming ?
te	O	I did have what you have .
te	I	I my hung head .
te	I	She smiled at sister her and snickered .
te	I	He was more focused the on attack .
te	I	But it locked was .
te	I	That got me thinking , I genuinely didn 't know anything about condition this at all .
te	I	She shook her sadly head .
te	O	He hoped they weren 't too late .
te	O	' Don 't go looking for anything sharp , dear .
te	O	I have a nice hiding spot for my secret stash in my bedroom .
te	O	He dipped his head then spread his arms out toward the men behind him .
te	I	But he 'd witnessed never this level of gut-wrenching pain accompanying such a fever .
te	O	And , oh ... by the dark gods of fire ... what a human form .
te	O	' So you tell me just the how the hell I 'm supposed to process that . '
te	I	Not that he wasn 't rising already .
te	I	The top of the broad mount like looked the round caldera of a volcano , filled almost to the rim with sludgy white fluid .
te	O	Chapter Three I 'm so angry I want to cry , throw a tantrum , and possibly strangle Domenico Moretti 's neck all at the same time .
te	I	he asked when 'd he stepped out on the porch .
te	O	She stopped in front of him .
te	O	I parted my thighs , feeling open and exposed .
te	O	The men wouldn 't have trusted you anymore if they even suspected you had anything to do with it .
te	O	He will attack us , with arrows first and then call out a battle cry , probably at dawn and in the early morning mist .
te	I	Nick emptied pockets his on the desk .
te	I	I sighed and crumpled up the wrapper my of cheeseburger .
te	O	His existence slumped as the heavy onset of the vast unknown pressed hard upon him .
te	I	His blue eyes are so narrow , but a for split second , they widen .
te	I	Want go to jump in the Pool ?
te	O	In some places the ground was squishy .
te	I	Sitting up , I keep the gun aimed at him , hating that hand my is a little unsteady .
te	O	She made her focus widen to encompass his entire face .
te	I	She whipped around to see a flaming torch two make circles in the dark before quickly being extinguished .
te	I	But before you leave us to get on with our business , you might like to remember this that is not your domain .
te	I	He asked her about their gods ... and was surprised what at he learned .
te	O	The night dive had been particularly tiring .
te	I	A few of the crew had from emerged below decks with better weapons .
te	I	My grandmother smiles at me and it reminds of mom my .
te	O	He spun round to look out the window again .
te	O	Liz had entered a room at the top of the stairs and he followed .
te	I	Julio believed he could get along well Marko with .
te	O	His brother had put it together only a few days ago and got it working reliably .
te	O	Harry stood and looked at the folder in Nick 's hands .
te	I	The boom pulled away as it followed its circular path and Reacher kept straight on at a tangent walked and into the next field .
te	I	He pointed toward an open office door that was to the left the of reception desk .
te	I	That to had be it , between the gap between the two German armies who had not quite linked up there yet .
te	I	She reached and across put her hand over his .
te	O	All their correspondence had been by letter or email .
te	I	It 't wasn your fault .
te	O	A kid on a skateboard turns into the alley and whizzes past us .
te	I	I 'd already thought that through on plane the .
te	O	My new best friend .
te	O	Oh , they would serve whoever was crowned king , but he would have to work for their affection .
te	I	He was assessing his options : or run stand and fight .
te	I	For a moment , she nothing felt , said nothing .
te	I	Carmine narrowed eyes his .
te	I	I 't wouldn be moved .
te	I	It for 's nothing .
te	O	And the care she took , it was almost enough that he could pretend she had real feelings where he was concerned .
te	O	Like I said , she worked it all out for herself .
te	I	Sam and an unbelievably gorgeous man I could only assume was Charlie were sitting and talking on couch the .
te	O	The voice on the phone continued .
te	O	Evangeline had just broken that spell with one simple word .
te	O	Evelyn Y. Brant 's will had been received for probate in April of 1987 .
te	O	She took my hands and helped me up , looking as though she might even kiss me , until she remembered we had an audience .
te	O	They had until sunrise to find the girl and get out , or they 'd have to fight their way free .
te	I	Cries and moans of drifted delirium from her throat .
te	I	He gestured to two small televisions mounted outside of the cells on the corners the of walls .
te	I	He could it call sight unseen .
te	O	The pay meant nothing , she had always earned more than her ration card allowed her to buy .
te	I	Danny up curses a storm .
te	O	She was ready to risk her life for the men that she loved .
te	I	Why the not fuck ?
te	O	But I 'm sure the , uh , cousins would like to share a room together tonight .
te	O	Just as he thought the fire would claim her entirely , she was restored .
te	I	Towards the end of the 20th century the first probes were sent and in the following years many others the reached red planet .
te	O	What the hell was she doing playing games with him ?
te	O	As I said , I learned to knit while undergoing chemotherapy .
te	O	I patted her shoulder , standing .
te	I	Why would have it been ?
te	I	It 's an herbicide choppers and would fly over the jungles spraying it on everything , just like a crop duster .
te	I	Thomas was short rushed and from the room .
te	I	Nina him waved off .
te	O	No , I 'm afraid of landing .
te	I	I open the door and see on Asher his knees .
te	O	Something horrible happened in between .
te	O	he says in a low voice .
te	O	he offered as they mounted the steps .
te	I	She wondered how he 'd the struck deal with her tribe .
te	O	The Asturian Duke really wanted me to pay him a visit .
te	O	She stuck out her tongue .
te	O	You 're not under arrest , so you have the right to do what you want .
te	O	He sure was glad the boy was talking and that he wanted to see him .
te	I	The edge insecure in my tone was evident , but I didn 't try to hide it .
te	O	The idea of him making up stories to trick her was laughable .
te	I	He 'd promised be to here by ten to take her to the airport .
te	I	The was grass wet , and after a few steps so were my boots .
te	O	It was all they could do .
te	I	All fertile grist the for playwright 's imagination .
te	O	She wrote it down and then tapped the pen on her teeth .
te	O	She nodded , still ill at ease .
te	I	Maybe she 'd shot both Barrett and McKay perhaps ; there simply was no John Sawyer .
te	I	I try to pull full a breath of air into my lungs , but can 't seem to manage .
te	O	There was an audible huff from the intercom .
te	O	That 's what I needed to look at .
te	O	I wanted to spend time with you .
te	O	Cierra lowered her eyelids but watched them as closely as she could without being obvious .
te	O	Benny stared in silence .
te	I	He is my descendant , as every is other vampire you hold dear .
te	I	I want to nurture it , grow it , it cultivate .
te	O	Peter hesitated , and all she wanted to do was go back to what they were doing .
te	I	The prick sharp of excitement she felt when she found him both exhilarated and saddened her .
te	I	But will Nephilim always choose the world .
te	O	He is a gentle , kind and loving man .
te	I	But when Nicholas so said , no one laughed .
te	O	He was awfully ugly , Jordan had to acknowledge .
te	I	Maybe if he lasted long enough , his would jailers come take the serpent away .
te	O	Folding her arms across her chest , Grace forced herself to go on .
te	I	It felt a shaky bit but otherwise okay .
te	I	Tony and gasped I stifled an eye roll .
te	O	A witch could pass through solid objects .
te	I	I thought might it have .
te	O	Although I 'd talked with Jake on the phone , I hadn 't seen him in days .
te	O	Pussy was the one in control of this conversation , not her .
te	O	He looked down at himself and shrugged , not pausing in his slow , relentless pursuit .
te	O	I never thought it 'd work -- but it did .
te	I	Sharon 's gaze sharpened as she this mulled over .
te	I	Alexandra asked disbelief with .
te	O	he asked , his voice softening slightly , but his hands were still on his hips as he stood in front of her .
te	I	Judging by my physical state , had it been , on the whole , entirely successful .
te	O	ToC * * * * * Chapter 18 Spring Heel Jack The next day the four met up and set out to their destination .
te	I	He going was to make her look at him .
te	I	I glanced around at the crowd of moving travelers through the automatic doors .
te	I	Two minutes passed he as searched .
te	O	A grim look crossed his face .
te	I	He barely could stand up .
te	O	They needed to get away .
te	I	Her departing smile was quick , the need for release physical hurrying her .
te	I	Chapter 1 When the door to my apartment opened , I sat upright bolt in my chair .
te	O	She searched his face for reassurance , no doubt frightened at her first time dancing with Rhett .
te	O	It was a big canoe , and stable , but the wind made for hard paddling .
te	I	It was so and soft pearly ... I looked up as it flicked back onto the newsman , failing to catch a glimpse of this girl .
te	O	Her jacket flared out behind her , and her skirt bunched up and down as her legs pumped forward .
te	I	Holt swallowed hard , feeling a part of himself swell and grow warm that no had business swelling or warming in public .
te	O	With the guards weight removed he was free to inhale deeply but he had to clutch at his ribs with each pain producing gasp .
te	O	Luc jerked his chin to the stall next door .
te	O	He dropped her off , went home to clean up and started digging for more information .
te	O	She told me the wrong day .
te	O	Ambition was all very well , but now Hart would have a family .
te	O	Besides , I didn 't want to wake him .
te	O	another one could be heard .
te	O	There was only one answer I could possibly give .
te	O	I did notice I still had my knife clutched in my right hand .
te	O	He studied her more intently .
te	O	He looked up at the night sky and I did the same .
te	O	I sensed the shift , the rupture in our peace .
te	O	Instead , he gently gripped my arm .
te	I	Anyway , he was on put suspension .
te	O	I yell but I know he can see in my Noise that I heard those exact words from Aaron .
te	I	And , you 're not their crashing set -- you get the first two days , they get the second . '
te	I	The buzzer and rang both I and Jo looked at one another .
te	O	We 'd always heard that no man could kill a dragon , so we assumed we couldn 't either .
te	O	Mom and I cleaned up inside and then Mom redecorated both rooms .
te	I	He didn want 't to break the contact .
te	O	the older man called out .
te	I	And she did a damn fine job of getting him stop to moping , stop dreaming of revenge , and start thinking how to spin it .
te	O	Eighteen That night , I slept in my dad 's bed , the only time I 'd done that in my life .
te	I	And could I see it was raining outside .
te	I	I don 't get what he was saying , but I sensed he apologizing was for the night he barged in my room .
te	O	She was going to end up killing one of these creatures by mistake .
te	I	It would not do for her act to churlish in front of a guest .
te	O	Her father was up on the stage now , giving a speech about voting and change for the better and all kinds of other optimistic political promises .
te	O	The Shaggy Man was real .
te	O	Ian stepped away from his desk and walked over to me .
te	I	In a she bedroom found socks and a flashlight .
te	O	My cousin 's shaggy eyebrows crept up .
te	I	He squeezed and released , his fingertips just barely my kissing skin .
te	O	I didn 't understand why I felt like there was a hole in my chest the size of a bowling ball .
te	I	When my fingers could take no more , I set the guitar down and into slumped my chair .
te	I	I not 'm sixteen .
te	O	Clay glanced at the document but didn 't take it , so Megan snatched it instead , skimming it from top to bottom .
te	O	The Trigger had also recovered and closed in to attack .
te	I	Right now , the most important thing is getting Lorie and sent Jon down to Georgia .
te	I	When she looked out the window again , the wolf gone was .
te	I	She hadn even 't noticed they had left their seats at the fountain 's edge .
te	O	She tried to hide her worry from Drake , but that was impossible .
te	O	The coast was clear , so I darted across the grass and over to the mansion , plastering myself against the side of the building .
te	O	I leaned my head back along the edge of the couch .
te	O	The boy was finally understanding that he no longer had the support that had always guarded his back .
te	I	The admission was torn from him as he dragged from her the counter and laid her on the thick carpet .
te	I	Hot damn but had he it bad .
te	O	With the clear sky , the only limitation was that of perception .
te	I	It was impossible to ignore , a blatant claim to her , if and that was not enough , the Westfield crest was etched upon the band .
te	O	Calvin Norris was shot in the chest a few days ago .
te	O	Her eyes were huge and looked so much like her mother 's .
te	I	The floor started moving , them taking all off towards the left .
te	I	And no matter what she says , no what matter she tells you , don 't wade deeper into this shit than you already are .
te	O	I couldn 't wait around long so I tried the handle and the door opened onto an incredibly narrow , darkened stone stairway .
te	O	He took a step toward Cassie , determined not to believe it , unable to accept the fact that she could be gone so easily .
te	I	I 'm living on someone that made it clear that he felt sorry me for .
te	O	Ashwin ... The thought stopped there .
te	I	He clasped the thick mass and wrapped it round round and his hand , binding them closer together as they stumbled back against the ice wall .
te	I	Ask the right questions , determine answers if were truthful , make a plan , follow through and regroup if necessary .
te	O	The nursemaid whisked Prudence off behind an Oriental screen in one corner of the cabin .
te	O	It opened , and Mr. Marley 's red head appeared .
te	I	Carlo , Brando , and Bruno were all married lived and in their own homes nearby .
te	I	Instead of immediately into descending the planet 's atmosphere , each one hesitated .
te	I	Even with his normal body temperature being warmer than humans , he was chilled to bone the .
te	O	I watch television for an hour , something I did little of at Frostburg .
te	O	Heather rattled the phone onto the hook in the kitchen .
te	O	She could walk away from Fletcher but she couldn 't walk away from her child .
te	I	She took her bottle from Alex and set in on coffee the table .
te	O	She relaxed and he turned her in his arms .
te	I	And 're you right .
te	O	At least this awful thing had gone and gotten Bankston to speak his mind .
te	I	I wasn 't paying attention to the people down walking the beach or the kids building a sandcastle at the house next door .
te	O	Nathan stood in the doorway .
te	I	The second wave was to scheduled arrive and I was looking forward to seeing Corporal Ramirez again and hanging out with him .
te	I	You know can you 't afford to get into trouble .
te	I	This ebook may not be re-sold given or away to other people .
te	O	Even if the psychic did internet checks on them , that kind of information simply isn 't available .
te	I	The little ping of pain on her arm told her that this indeed was real .
te	I	What more 's , the twisting ribbons of emotion were drawn to her .
te	O	He had been here before on those nights of wild partying many years ago .
te	O	There 's no getting around that .
te	O	I felt the blood drain from my face .
te	O	One little ninth inning hit or injury or new guy off the bench can ripple out so far .
te	I	Only broken into three pieces wasn 't nearly enough damage to compensate the years of Linsey grief caused .
te	I	The man glanced once more the to guards , then nodded .
te	O	He shuddered as he touched down , and jammed his eyes shut .
te	I	I was beginning to understand how Eileen had slipped from life those all years ago .
te	O	Her inability to gain weight was a gift and a curse .
te	I	She looked at the place flat on the blanket where Jolene 's leg should be .
te	I	I took a breath deep and pulled the covers up over my head .
te	O	' One only of us is an Elf , Legolas from the Woodland Realm in distant Mirkwood .
te	I	Now she saw him in her imagination standing on huge a rock , holding a lighted fuse and smiling .
te	O	It was bleeding from numerous bullet wounds , but was still on its feet and lashing out with razor-sharp teeth .
te	O	He would 've readily cut his hand off if it had helped him to escape the flames .
te	O	It should be pretty fucking obvious why not !
te	O	Just like the thugs would back up anything he said .
te	O	You can 't control her .
te	I	There was only one guy I was going to and kiss that was Alexander .
te	O	He pushed the door open and switched on the light then beckoned for her to enter .
te	O	Tex winked at me .
te	O	The butter sauce was creamy and divine , giving the little piece of meat more flavor than I had been expecting for something so small .
te	I	He exhaled harshly and reached up to rub the back his of neck .
te	O	It was a heavy truth but a truth none the less .
te	I	They not would survive this monster without it .
te	O	Binding off the patch , she was about to reach for the remote control when her stomach growled .
te	I	I am following from instructions above . '
te	O	Horace put out a hand to stop the man .
te	O	I open the door .
te	I	She knew now better .
te	I	A in muscle Scott 's cheek contracted .
te	I	That was no 's one concern .
te	I	And most charming of all , the tall , arched that windows overlooked the cobblestone road .
te	I	It looked like they jumped a in river of blood and just got out .
te	I	Look his into eyes .
te	O	You need my special touch , and I know just how to pull this off .
te	O	Fletch and Carter collide , and tongues start flying , so I get the heck out of the way before I become a lingual casualty .
te	I	Ignoring the warning , she walked back into the house , ready to start a new life a in different pack .
te	I	These were deftly slipped inside the pockets innumerable lining her baggy coat .
te	O	That woman had experience ; she knew what a man liked , what a man wanted .
te	O	But surely they wouldn 't kill their own people .
te	O	His strength had almost dissipated completely .
te	I	She chose the one that was humiliating least to put forth .
te	O	Then he stepped back and drew his sword .
te	O	He paced back and forth in front of the house for a minute , dragging me along with him .
te	O	Testing ' all knowing ' White Eagle Woodpecker had done many jobs in his life .
te	I	I was always the new kid the on block - an outsider .
te	I	A few moments later , she came out in her silk robe and sat across down from me .
te	I	He was seeing a rare moment weakness of , he knew .
te	I	That one was place she would never be able to follow him .
te	O	Talk to Raj about it , he might be able to make some suggestions .
te	O	They were already halfway through their meal .
te	I	After dinner , they walked beach the outside the restaurant .
te	O	Now Ace took care of all his travel needs .
te	O	The wrath of angels will not touch you , nor suffer you harm .
te	O	They were really taking off .
te	I	When she had left , she 't hadn really thought of anything .
te	I	My clothes setting were on fire as were the clothes of Grey .
te	O	She glanced back over her shoulder .
te	I	She turned , to deciding head back to the kitchen for more .
te	O	She rattled the doorknob but it was locked .
te	I	With its urban it setting 's really sort of sanctuary from the sometimes violent streets not so far away .
te	I	You need to this know .
te	O	He 'd made the mistake of voicing his concerns , and Mary Jo had nearly bitten his head off .
te	O	She shoots him an evil .
te	O	Four guards , two for each duplex .
te	O	The Mitchells are nothing .
te	O	It didn 't feel like the other aliens .
te	I	Tomorrow , I 'll you show how Rome humbled this great and powerful creature with a simple flick of her mental wrist .
te	O	Thankfully , my parents had not shown an interest in any of the families that had come to them thus far .
te	I	I could sense him thinking while he was sitting to next me .
te	O	Then the circle was pierced when a slim boat floated through .
te	I	That was enough to see the deed here done .
te	O	He rushed down the aisle and out onto the small lawn in front of City Hall .
te	O	But I thanked him and held out my arms to Catcher .
te	O	The girl stirred , her eyes fluttered open and fixed on Vikram .
te	O	He knew damn well that Eveline understood what he said when he conversed with her .
te	O	Liam spoke quickly , his impatience obvious .
te	O	Droplets of blood fell like mist , spattering the leaves and roots as he took the form of a rare black jaguar .
te	I	Either way , you might be asking yourself , why wasn 't I calling the police to check come it out ?
te	O	The guys circle around us like wolves priming for a kill .
te	O	And then he looked up .
te	O	Jack looked up and grinned at him with his eyes twinkling .
te	O	As the man cleared the canopy he looked up , expecting to shoot her point blank .
te	O	Klaudia said from the other side .
te	O	When Lena wanted answers , Lena got answers , and that was that .
te	O	Tired of her screams , one of them tied a gag on her and then they left her , helpless tears running down her face .
te	O	But it was too late .
te	O	I couldn 't ignore its white angles glowing in the night .
te	I	The sheet slid over the plastic thin pad , covering the bed instead of a mattress .
te	I	I think my mom will dodge question my , like she has so many times before .
te	O	I also knew a fever wasn 't a good sign .
te	O	The price of rape is execution .
te	I	But what 's into taken the body must be taken with care .
te	O	Then a metallic squeal rang out , the rope pulled taut , and we lurched into the air .
te	O	She handed me the phone back and as I read the message my face went completely red .
te	O	Caine would hear the change in the engine even from such a distance .
te	I	Lauren 's own opened mouth but she couldn 't manage a word .
te	O	He thrashed against Madoc 's hold , trying to get to her .
te	I	I need schedule to Max 's eye appointment .
te	O	Watching them glare at each other and knowing that I was partially the cause of it sucked .
te	O	If they don 't I will take you and my baby and leave them to pay all their own damn bills .
te	I	She has a painted red spot in middle the of her forehead .
te	I	That breath 't didn calm him worth a damn .
te	I	Alessia and the others looked into the superficial thoughts of guard their , who turned out to be an officer in something called the Martial Force .
te	I	Her eyes were still fixed on the floor when he and returned handed her a glass of red wine .
te	O	I have my own ways of further punishing him .
te	I	He might have lied about being her the first .
te	I	He was close to his sister and brothers , but they had all their own lives , and were rarely together .
te	I	It took I everything had to force my mouth closed again .
te	O	But there was no point in making things worse than they already were .
te	I	She so was upset !
te	O	She sat down on the sofa , her hands clenched in her lap .
te	O	I 've broken enough rules just talking to you .
te	O	He 'd made love to her countless times .
te	I	They who know you are .
te	I	Just looking into them for an instant could make me nauseous for hour an .
te	O	These men would smile enviously as she was kind to him , and as Jesse gratefully accepted her attention .
te	I	' That 's fine , ' she snapped , the taking card I held out for her .
te	O	He gazed towards the northeast .
te	I	She blinked in the sunshine blinding .
te	I	When he did smile , filled it me with hot bubbles and vanilla scents .
te	I	At least that was plan the .
te	O	I stood in the corner for the rest of the meeting , hugging my freezing body and trying not to look as exhausted as I felt .
te	I	No matter what he had to do , she would stay his by side .
te	I	' Yes , could I have .
te	I	' Thanks for that , ' said she following him out wanting to put her arms round him .
te	O	Reaching into one of them , he flipped through the assortment of fabrics .
te	O	At the same moment , Winnie turned .
te	O	Wind howled and did not relent .
te	O	He saw her glance swiftly at him .
te	O	I shake the thought away .
te	I	Now he was for coming her .
te	I	If so , would she be greatly mistaken .
te	O	They ain 't military grade .
te	I	I 'll send some of my staff to it fetch right away .
te	O	He licked her cheek .
te	O	She would just have to face her fear .
te	O	Marguerite moaned as she tasted the feral wickedness of Wren 's mouth .
te	I	It a was direct threat to the U.S. forces in the region as well as to its allies .
te	O	She groaned , wincing as the drapes were thrown back to welcome the morning sun .
te	O	Always he treated her as if he couldn 't get enough of her , as if he wanted to taste every inch of her at once .
te	I	One with a ravenous appetite protein for , lots of it .
te	O	Claire wasn 't too cool with it herself , and she knew Eve well enough to know she 'd fight it , hard .
te	O	So we 'll sleep ... Not tonight .
te	O	I don 't even know if they 're talking to me .
te	I	I saw the ghoul 's suddenly jaws stretch , its eyes blink and then focus .
te	I	She realized that he was under a misapprehension , thanks to her escort comments 's .
te	O	There was no question .
te	I	On the other hand , he couldn 't deny that it felt had so damn good to finally tell someone , no less his wife .
te	O	It contained a panel door on the side that was secured by a simple latch with hinges .
te	I	At best , a neighbor would them mistake for burglars and call the police .
te	I	They were in love with swimming the pool and basketball court and couldn 't figure out which to do first .
te	O	The only packet I am allowed to open is Man .
te	O	Reality slaps me fast and hard as warm liquid covers my face and arms .
te	I	He is going to to want have sex soon .
te	I	I blurted , and stared she at me .
te	I	He tugged , forcing her spine to arch , leaning over her so that she had no leverage move to .
te	I	The trip like was revisiting the little village .
te	I	Lily had talked Collin the into evening strolls as part of a healthy lifestyle .
te	O	Was Len the one who left the note ?
te	I	I sat in the center of living my room , tied to my dining room chair .
te	I	It tastes right all but looks disgusting .
te	I	Peter Beckett stepped inside the doorway and hastily pulled his cap knit from his balding head .
te	I	She pivoted and for headed the kitchen .
te	O	Underwood 's didn 't have stoves , pots , and pans as nice as I did now .
te	I	Like Rosedale the area .
te	O	Only that dream went south pretty quickly as I found out the galaxy didn 't work the way I thought it did .
te	I	The booze , the women , occasional the bar fight .
te	I	The woman of inside her shouted that it should be Rose .
te	O	I have a tendency to plan things out far in advance .
te	O	I finish powdering my face and open the door .
te	I	He put hand his on the door handle opposite ours , but turned around quickly as if he forgot something .
te	I	Alexander who was let close out a good laugh .
te	I	That today included , sitting in the Congressional office awaiting their appointment .
te	I	Alec bolted his from seat and began pacing in front of me .
te	O	And with that Michael lead Ben to the exit .
te	I	Her eyes traveled to the written words in the upper left corner .
te	O	I 'm going to bed .
te	O	I convinced myself Charley dreamed it all .
te	O	It had a slight sneer to it , that annoyed me and disturbed me .
te	O	Liz looked up from her cereal .
te	O	The sound made her jump and even if she wouldn 't admit it out loud , it scared her .
te	O	She was afraid of the ring of the phone won 't wake her up .
te	O	And then he fell .
te	I	No matter what I try to do right , I get blamed everything for that goes wrong .
te	O	She 's the master at finding great deals .
te	I	He tried his best to not laugh at that one .
te	O	And when I 've finally planted my feet , I look up and around the crowd .
te	O	And he continued dreaming about her each night , staggeringly vivid dreams .
te	O	With great effort he lifted himself up .
te	O	Grinding his teeth , Julian reached one arm over his head to grab the headrest and clench it tightly .
te	I	Blake might have had approval pack to contact me , but I very much doubted she would have asked for any message to be delivered .
te	I	She to nods the guy next to her .
te	O	As I started to pity the creature I lost my concentration and forgot all the good that would come if I killed this thing .
te	O	I didn 't want to go back to Charlie 's empty house .
te	O	We don 't have the cutthroat competition the big firms are famous for .
te	O	All I want you to do is swap that bag with the one in the fridge .
te	I	He his released empty bottle and shook his hand a few times .
te	O	Although one memorable evening of bread roll cricket certainly stretched the boundaries of propriety .
te	I	I reached and down squeezed his hand .
te	O	I didn 't go to Olympia to steal him from you .
te	O	I frowned at that .
te	I	Jazz took a breath deep and held it .
te	O	Jen and Sunny edged closer and closer to the stump .
te	I	she challenged as she plucked her from phone my hand .
te	I	Julian also seemed to have prepared himself for the scent of her blood time this .
te	O	His hitting had initially fallen apart as he 'd adjusted to his height , while his pitching had started to gain some real speed .
te	I	Edwin 's curiosity got the better of his nerves , and he over walked to study the fridge shaped object .
te	O	She did not want to speak anymore .
te	O	* Garrett had no idea what she was talking about .
te	I	I think 'll I be okay though .
te	O	But already I know , I know I 'm in love with you .
te	I	I just hoped that Mulberry could two handle .
te	I	We 're still running some tests and blood work , but 've we ruled out the majority of sexually transmitted diseases .
te	O	' There is always something more we can do .
te	O	She wondered why women were taken in by him .
te	I	He shook head his , trying to clear it .
te	I	World 's largest corporation , all after ... .
te	I	Balan knew and Emilie liked .
te	I	Sleep came and easily untroubled the rest of the night .
te	I	He held out his arm to usher her from the barn into the dying light the of early evening .
te	I	And so , I left the with Slayers .
te	O	She asked , her right eyebrow raised .
te	O	I flipped on the light next to me and found myself in an empty room .
te	O	She had changed the decor completely making the room more feminine , almost romantic .
te	I	Greg hesitated , but took Julie the moment and pulled away from her stepfather .
te	I	You can imagine what it might have like been .
te	I	The light out picked only his face , part of one shoulder , and his outstretched hand .
te	I	Whatever it is no has signatures to read .
te	O	That wasn 't why she hesitated before agreeing to his plan .
te	I	All Susannah needed to do was look in her mother 's personal directory for retired the sheriff 's address .
te	O	I was still in a daze when we all went out to the challenge area , and the next Power Play started .
te	O	I felt like a super woman final y coming into her powers .
te	O	My question is answered .
te	I	He turned door the knob and pushed .
te	O	She would have to ask her when she returned with the salve .
te	O	The tip Woods would leave would pay my rent this month and then some .
te	O	If you want to get out of the cab right this minute , I will completely understand .
te	O	The Shadow Zone has always been a hot topic of gossip amongst the students .
te	I	Green held the lens of device the over the eye and a red light flashed .
te	O	She loved me , and I loved her .
te	I	They ordered and continued sipping wine chatting and .
te	O	The good part is that you didn 't do anything exceptionally bad over the past three months .
te	I	Pia clasped her together hands .
te	I	Joshua no was longer amused .
te	I	Jeremy turned and was preparing to leave the office Dominic when 's business partner , Jake Walton , entered and saw Jeremy 's face .
te	O	The excitement in her voice almost matches mine .
te	I	She watched in disbelief as he reached into his jacket and pocket pulled out a ring .
te	I	The wipers flicked across the windshield , flinging through droplets the glare of the spotlight .
te	O	' Brick , if you go in there , you need to be prepared . '
te	O	She would prefer a hundred mistresses over one , she thought .
te	I	Every time he resolved to withstand their pressure he found giving himself in only moments later .
te	I	She thought of mother her having cancer .
te	O	No way would he let that happen .
te	I	There would be no need to go back that through long , slow and costly development program .
te	O	He placed his hand on my shoulder and squeezed .
te	I	No had promises been exchanged and he was glad he 'd reminded himself of this possibility all along .
te	I	Our nation needs to strike fast and first to build our empire starting with many nations distractions facing in the world .
te	O	Now he has become great , and he has his father in his hand .
te	I	Letting loose with a melodious laugh , Oliver surged with a from flourish his seat and extended a chivalrous hand in my direction .
te	I	Now she herself forced to go to the crowded places .
te	O	Alexander rang the front door bell .
te	I	As yet there were still no signs of any addition to their family except for a very bad - tempered canary rejoicing in the Pretty name Boy .
te	O	She slowly stepped closer with her eyes zeroed in on me .
te	O	I wasn 't sure what exactly he was in danger from , but I had heard him tell her that before .
te	O	It was a long-shot , but it was still barely possible .
te	O	There 'll be no possibility of any form of contact for a while so we must be patient .
te	I	Kelsey left at one to point get snacks and drinks as Haven blew up balloons .
te	I	He drew her arms up her above head , distracting her with his naked body .
te	O	He smiled down on her and then leaned over to brush his mouth against hers once again .
te	I	He felt more alert , though his hands were shaking he and was developing a headache .
te	O	They all had their own thoughts and worries , Allan knew .
te	O	You 're supposed to be happy !
te	I	Someone placed a blanket over me while was I sleeping .
te	O	What were you doing ?
te	I	She blinked , her long brushing lashes her cheeks , beautiful even a moment out of sleep .
te	I	She would at be that party alone .
te	O	This council was called by King Ashoka , the Buddhist emperor of most of India .
te	O	The men were extremely careful around them .
te	O	I 'm having a little trouble making any sense of the August numbers .
te	I	I was pretty sure she hadn 't bargained on her Guardian being an fashion oversized victim .
te	O	Casey bent double with laughter as if this was the funniest thing she 'd ever heard .
te	I	She took blanket a from there , too , and she carefully sat down .
te	I	Then he slowly cocked his head , checking sounds for .
te	O	She 'd begun dating Dwight two months earlier ; almost immediately after a terrible drama with her previous boyfriend .
te	O	I didn 't understand how he always got to places on time .
te	I	I felt sick at my stomach at the thought of Larissa left being overnight with some sitter .
te	O	All I wanted was to collapse into the bed and not have to think any more about the day so far , but Jeremiah had other ideas .
te	O	It could 've been Alix 's imagination , but she thought she saw Jordan wink at Laurel on his way out the door .
te	I	The screen switched to a shot of the Wheel of board Fortune .
te	O	Go and see your boyfriend . '
te	O	It was the blue eyes and the dark hair and the passion and the obvious courage .
te	O	He was clean shaven and his hair was neatly combed .
te	O	Hal leaned forward and started the car . '
te	I	Her maths awful were .
te	O	Well , he 'd like to say it came out of nowhere , but it hadn 't .
te	O	Bax held his palms up .
te	O	But we 'd made up , and when things had gotten awkward between us again , that was probably because he was preoccupied with asking Angelica out .
te	O	Traffic and people stopped in their tracks as parts of the structure began to drop into the gray waters of New Holland .
te	O	The voices from the television became nothing more than a hum in the background as Sara stopped breathing .
te	O	In one hand he held a package of hamburger and a bag of buns .
te	O	My peripheral vision can 't ignore the tired walls as they gradually press inwards .
te	I	But one good practice 't didn mean his problem was gone .
te	O	Teddy climbed trees while Griffin sat beneath them reading to Mr. Budge or staring up into the tree .
te	I	Carson had sat with us a for while but has wandered off somewhere .
te	I	But wasn that 't the worst part .
te	I	As I lie in bed , I my hear sister 's car return , the engine idling a long minute before the front door opens .
te	I	The first bunch within was a few feet from me and it was seconds before they were going to attack me .
te	I	I could tell Lysander had put quite a bit of work into tome this .
te	I	He glared at the threateningly others .
te	O	She told them stories about the cosmos and the various souls of the Earth while they listened intently to her unique insights .
te	I	His mother put down her fork , abandoning pretense the that she was actually going to eat .
te	O	Of course , he hadn 't seen his soon-to-be betrothed either , but he wasn 't overly concerned .
te	I	Ivana uttered words of cursing , down let with herself .
te	O	Ethan sitting in the study , jotting down notes for tomorrow .
te	O	I hated the way everything always came back to Damon , and most likely would , for eternity .
te	O	She tried again , more softly .
te	I	I opened my eyes trying to gather my thoughts , and then turned towards person the saying my name .
te	O	Finally , Grandpa returned with several people dressed in full plate armor .
te	I	Aria nodded sharply , once , then she and husband her dismounted and launched themselves skyward .
te	I	Bird 's insistence that I sailing go shocked me .
te	I	I stand under the statue of the Eldest Plague .
te	I	Ken smiled and extended his to hand congratulate me .
te	I	Not simply because she wouldn get 't her story .
te	I	The group started move to towards the helicopter and got in .
te	I	As I was in the refrigerator , getting the cream cheese , I felt strong wrap arms around my waist .
te	O	I could see us running , but more importantly , I remember that smell .
te	I	A trip check to out the college campus .
te	O	It would be necessary to change Francesca 's manner of living to accommodate a high fence around the grounds now that there were humans to protect also .
te	O	How he must suffer this mutilation .
te	I	Tara had tears her in eyes .
te	O	It was clear that he was concerned for his friend .
te	I	' My mother died immediately after she birth gave to me .
te	O	I squeezed and shook .
te	I	It had been so long that 'd I almost forgotten what it was like to simply just be .
te	O	Hearing it made it so much more real .
te	I	She would her sacrifice entire soul to feel what she was feeling right now : pure joy , pure thrill of her joyful heart .
te	I	Ben couldn 't remember when had he been more scared .
te	I	I watch the screens black out more once .
te	O	She laughed and gestured to the knotted curls my hair had dried into .
te	O	Suddenly Jessica recognized where they were .
te	O	The man seemed skeptical .
te	O	It comes on and then I can see again .
te	I	It doesn 't mean 'm I not going to try .
te	I	She jumped up and immediately gave a me hug .
te	O	He slumped to the floor but was still conscious , and an image of footwear was imprinted in his mind .
te	O	I made a horrible noise , but not as horrible as the sound of that knife meeting the dirt .
te	O	Now that the vampire king had her child , it was hard to see how anything he did was for anyone but himself .
te	I	Well , how that about , Neil mused .
te	I	But now 'm I wondering if this is a setup .
te	O	his uncle sharply demanded while seating himself across from his nephew .
te	I	One sat behind drums the with long blond dreadlocks and the other two stood on each side of the stage with guitars in their hands .
te	O	This tricky ghost would not catch him off guard .
te	O	He slowly looked around the room .
te	O	Ferguson leaned back in his chair , took out a cigar and lit it .
te	O	Then in one fowl swoop I kicked his gun out of the way and brought mine right to his head .
te	O	That means that he 's not 20 now , just 17 ?
te	I	Some say the young widow who around disappeared the same time .
te	I	She seemed to determined get out of there as soon as possible .
te	O	That he had been interested not only in my business , but in me as a person .
te	O	Please ... She hooted , scared , but one of her large hands slid up the lever and found the grip there .
te	O	I felt horribly guilty about being the one that got away .
te	O	she asked Garrett brought his head around fast .
te	O	Sweat was running in streams down my face and body now .
te	I	I was going to find out what going was on .
te	I	For some reason , that was what me made blush .
te	I	Then she out crawled of her shell and shined like the star she was .
te	I	It was Thursday , and he had only less than four full days to try to win her heart .
te	I	Thirty minutes in time where everyone who touched this event became by effected it .
te	I	He crossed the room to my side placed and his hand gently on my shoulder .
te	O	Kettle 's on , ' she called , making her way to the kitchen and leaving the door open for me to come in .
te	O	When I 'm around you things are ... intense .
te	I	Naz was about to sit when the search security light switched on and a door squeaked open .
te	I	My laugh hitched my in throat .
te	I	He longed to feel it draped his over bare chest .
te	O	But by the time it had stopped , he was looking at me apologetically .
te	O	Her eyes snapped back to his face and she was back to glaring .
te	I	I felt weak my and knees began to buckle .
te	O	I told her the good news about the probable sale of my own house as we got into her car .
te	O	He was working so hard to care for Gwen and me .
te	O	There 's a lot we don 't know about these deaths .
te	I	' If are we to avoid detection you need to access knowledge directly without my help .
te	O	How could he have known where they were going ?
te	O	The minister led them in their vows , the same ones used in royal weddings .
te	I	Using the screen , he called out to the nearest ship capital .
te	O	Roberto gritted his teeth .
te	O	He went back to the date on the first message Gershwin and Duvall had responded to .
te	I	He thought if he could catch Xavier out in the open could he get off a deadly shot .
te	O	Talon 's thoughts were on Sunshine .
te	O	He must have been hoping I would get tied up in surgery , but here I sit , once again to ruin his plans .
te	O	Bryan entered the room and sat beside his wife .
te	O	So my name is Conner , Conner Davis .
te	I	It pulling is strongly at Shah .
te	O	No one was going to put him in foster care .
te	I	Her life have would been so much more different if he was .
te	I	She thought Manuel 's was family involved in drug trafficking .
te	O	CHAPTER 25 Smile ... it confuses people The next morning I woke up already bored out of my mind .
te	I	Why a did wolf pack need an Alliance ?
te	I	They 're spending time away from their duty to protect their people and their to homes help me .
te	I	She missed had that , his gentleness .
te	I	The goddess Ishtar gave us the of gift compassion and understanding .
te	O	I do not understand .
te	I	Whatever was it , it wasn 't interesting enough for the dog to venture further .
te	I	The video images shook as I landed in the cargo area of van the .
te	O	Ben 's fist tightened over it .
te	O	Gabe shifted in surprise .
te	I	She arched eyebrow an .
te	O	The man had helped himself to our poor box mounted on the wall just inside the door .
te	I	Dan thought he could just make out the of shadow a pair huddled around a smallish fire near some other tents setup .
te	O	Gage helps me over to the family room and onto the navy corduroy couch .
te	O	Not because she thought she could get him to change his mind .
te	I	She tugged his at waist .
te	O	' Are you girls quite finished ? '
te	I	Sunlight rolling off the striped awning at the where chocolatier Evan bought me pralines that he fed to me by hand .
te	I	Her answer him perplexed .
te	O	He sensed that she was hiding something , and he had to know what a woman like Mariah Throckmorton had to hide .
te	I	Nadia clicks her fingers a and ball of flame appears overhead .
te	O	Kathryn could handle the other Mr. Hayes and the crowd on her own .
te	I	He for pauses a second and smirks .
te	I	A few girls behind me let out a sigh dreamy .
te	I	Neil rang the bell and kept his face as angled he as could from the camera pointing at him .
te	O	I just hate getting wet .
te	I	She knows that if she can relax , she can float on top of the water , and it can peaceful be .
te	O	I finally found the piece of lead , and pulled it out .
te	I	Then someone bangs on the door and moments later a face appears in small the window at the top .
te	I	I eat never in the same restaurant twice , and I always find a table with a view of the parking lot .
te	O	I have a message for you , sah , ' the young man said .
te	O	I stand there quaking for probably a full minute before finally turning the handle and opening the door .
te	O	He tossed her the luggage and pulled me back in for another kiss .
te	I	So I kept going , afraid to find out , though my screamed muscles for rest .
te	I	I 'd sensed have your presence . '
te	I	I broke free from embrace his and stared into his eyes , which reminded me so much of the blue ocean water .
te	O	The beer and sun had made her woozy .
te	O	If I were in my human state , as my grandmother was , she wouldn 't think twice before devouring me .
te	O	With unmistakable eagerness , he was eyeing the hot water spraying down into the tub .
te	O	Alcide backed in , which surprised me ; but I decided that it was a good idea .
te	I	But with a new job came the need a for new wardrobe and other expenses in order to fit into Jett 's world .
te	O	They played hard that night .
te	I	she screamed as loudly as she could , as she slapped across him his face , scratching him and leaving a long gash on his left cheek .
te	O	The bad so many books makes it difficult to be noticed .
te	O	Your dad apparently has what is politely called eclectic tastes .
te	I	His eyebrows drew together , and for a of fraction a second , I thought he would do it .
te	O	He 'd had three or four girlfriends Cece knew about .
te	I	But would what he say ?
te	O	Neither of them liked to be touched .
te	O	We are at his favorite restaurant for dinner .
te	O	I knew I had a pack of tissues in there somewhere .
te	O	Surveying the available movies , she selected an old classic and pressed the buttons .
te	I	She was ready to go out , well dressed as usual , makeup in place , with straightened hair matching innate her glamour .
te	O	' With some reservation I will agree - yet you need to prepare carefully for this Tobias - a demon is treacherous . '
te	O	I shivered at the memory .
te	O	I revealed the troubles that have transpired ever since Taylor and I moved in together .
te	I	He couldn 't see anymore , not as he once had , but he had given been something better .
te	I	He eyed with Camden amusement .
te	O	Sanya 's face held a certain amount of satisfaction .
te	O	I guess both Simon and Sam are finally happy .
te	I	Something kept telling her Franz was dead , but didn she 't want to believe it .
te	O	They had hired someone to kill Pleasure , but who ?
te	I	She the was one who had said it would only take a few minutes .
te	I	I to turned walk away .
te	O	Her forehead had a deep gash to it and blood was flowing freely .
te	I	I nodded and looked back at man the .
te	O	Convincing him to give them another chance might be difficult , but with him in a bad mood the task may be next to impossible .
te	I	Chase his dropped hand to pet the animal , but kept his focus on her .
te	I	He turned and wrapped me his in arms .
te	I	Only a few of them turned to look me at .
te	I	He 'd even never touched the lad .
te	O	Everything had happened so quickly .
te	O	What was he trying to tell her ?
te	O	This was not what he 'd expected .
te	O	His teeth scraped her satin skin , his tongue caressed and stroked .
te	I	I bit down on lip my as tears threatened at the rims of my eyelids and sank beneath the water .
te	O	- expiation It 's expiation we want to think about now !
te	O	As they neared the porch the lady put up a timid wave .
te	O	Chapter Nine Hell was dark .
te	I	The went helicopter and landed in a field .
te	O	One person who said he didn 't want to say good-bye in person and who 'd texted a sad face .
te	I	You either took care of land the or didn 't .
te	O	But he was a journalist , Sloane reminded herself .
te	I	You should have the heard screech !
te	O	She had skeletons in her closet that caused a lot of problems for the Hutchinson family .
te	I	Even with the absence of ash as a telltale sign , my clothing let would them know they needn 't come looking for me .
te	O	Because if I am , that means all of you are too .
te	I	L , said it .
te	O	With nimble feet he started to move quickly down each step , trying to get away without alerting the corpse to his presence .
te	I	Victoria turned to Brim , who 'd his continued circle around the building .
te	O	He wanted ... her .
te	O	He didn 't even think twice before he threw it out to her .
te	O	Jess resigned herself to the moment . '
te	I	A pair of matching leather faced chairs the sofa .
te	I	There were so many people living at my house , or there staying all the time .
te	O	I thought at first he was drunk .
te	I	It was the form of a woman , and recognized he her face .
te	O	I asked and with that we got a phone call .
te	I	The bitch dead was .
te	I	The few Chinese forces facing the American armored thrust moving out from Arizona had taken to their heels north heading .
te	O	The merchant had been so thrilled when he 'd brought his first load of Dredge Forest wood that he had paid him twice the amount agreed upon .
te	O	She resumed her true form as a powerful main sequence star , in order to keep the trillions upon trillions of quarks from straying away .
te	O	He eased his gun out and crouched down as the deadly confrontation continued .
te	O	Ford and Joey saw me approaching and went back inside of the house .
te	I	Billy calmed with them his hands .
te	I	After his parents died , Arthur kept their home vacant ... just another that indication I am correct .
te	O	He was laughing at me !
te	O	I could hit a running target dead-on , but a gun would never be my weapon of choice .
te	O	He was recognized across Canada as their greatest explorer and map maker .
te	I	With a smile of his own , Link touches compassionately her cheek , content to simply be near her , and know she is alright .
te	I	Leanne made stained-glass windows and lamps and sold them to stores Montana around or on the internet .
te	O	Today I will mobilize my men , begin the takeover of the city .
te	I	He 'd seen the of flicker the screen while watching from the back , so that didn 't surprise him .
te	I	Gray had heard his telling uncle someone .
te	O	Rose cried , blushing at the thought of the Captain and unable to answer that particular accusation .
te	I	Having satisfied himself that this looked a suitable hiding place , he reorganised the boxes to create more space hiding , then returned to the bridge .
te	I	The girl who gave me the that pin gave me a name .
te	I	Until she looked up him at .
te	I	The organization operated through individual cells around the world , each independently running , none having the complete picture .
te	I	If his tenants were anything like Earthlings , that wouldn 't possible be .
te	I	The surface lay she on was hard .
te	I	They were stumbling up the steps as as rapidly they dared .
te	O	Emperor 's City , the largest city on the mainland , was dense and over-crowded .
te	O	I might not care who knew Daphne 's dirty little secret , but I was willing to bet that she would before we were through .
te	O	For the first time in ages , I saw an attractive , intelligent man when I looked at him .
te	I	When the blue time came the and maddening noise would finally stop , only a single voice would remain .
te	I	It was like they 'd been up born there .
te	O	Daren traveled the country ; demonstrating innovative , new medical equipment and could set up residence anywhere .
te	O	His question came from a place Anna never expected it .
te	O	Instead , I grinned back , my mood happy and light .
te	I	With that thought , he heard again footsteps .
te	I	every time you hook with up a hot guy .
te	I	But was it important to maintain his image in the Portland business community .
te	I	Only in overcoming the urge to away run did she realised she 'd passed the point of no return .
te	I	He barely restrained shouting into night the sky again .
te	I	Appoint faithful a steward .
te	O	asked Grey , as he threw away his plastic cup and waited in vain for a break in the weather .
te	O	The three of them had lunch at a local deli and talked for a while .
te	I	Eddie was caught guard off and fell backwards .
te	O	He skidded to a stop .
te	I	Matt said as he slapped his against helmet my hand .
te	O	asked Charlie , before remembering that he 'd given the lime to Daisy .
te	I	Little did I know how much I would connect with as her first Evan , and then Dane , stole my heart like they did hers .
te	O	Doesn 't really work that way .
te	O	She lost control of her body .
te	I	Obviously I hadn hit 't the gunman yet .
te	O	As her news feed grew smaller she searched for pages about intuitive eating , meditation , yoga and photography .
te	O	Maybe she should get arrested more often .
te	I	Find someplace the by side of the road .
te	I	Her heart banging was in her chest now .
te	I	Religious themes were into woven the silk cloth .
te	O	Her power was considerable ; some even said that she was one of the strongest Healers of her generation .
te	O	The last thing he should want were unnecessary encounters with Josie .
te	O	They 're all good parts , she 'd told him .
te	I	Nolan got out the of police car , put on his uniform cap , and fell in behind them .
te	I	I pulled two slugs out of my pocket , and inserted into them the chambers of the sawed off cannon .
te	O	She 's absolutely devastated .
te	I	But , you don 't gather a like group this and just tell them what to do .
te	O	she says in a voice on the verge of breaking .
te	O	Hey , Doc , you ready to go yet ?
te	O	' You must understand .
te	I	That was enough warning me for .
te	O	He caught the tip of her tongue between his teeth and sucked gently while pulling it into his mouth .
te	I	Sloane barely asked containing her smirk .
te	I	Goose bumps flashed , and trembled I .
te	I	Rico types the words on a keypad flat almost as quickly as I say them .
te	O	And he also knew that it is by death that we are tested .
te	O	Paul ran into her as she finished shopping .
te	O	She smiled at the memory of Grant chasing after the bird , demanding his french fry back .
te	O	All were pretty good looking people .
te	I	How dare the prince sacrifice his daughter own 's childhood ?
te	I	They ´ re not of this world and I , unfortunately am ... human .
te	O	He thought it was great to see her like this .
te	O	Learn how she 'd changed .
te	O	And nothing 's been resolved . '
te	O	But she didn 't go out .
te	I	That 't doesn mean I ever grew to like it .
te	O	Scott was waiting for her .
te	I	How she could doubt Nicolas ?
te	I	Trystan 's hard breathing , his chest is rising and falling too quickly .
te	I	I peer up into the darkness above , and am surprised to the see ceiling to the shaft several feet above us .
te	O	His dad had been cheating for years .
te	O	The blood rushing behind her ears was deafening .
te	O	Unfortunately it ended on a ledge overlooking the rapids .
te	I	Before Emma could protest , Laurel dragged her the down stairs and into the kitchen .
te	O	The other tour guide was Chet .
te	I	I should have felt relieved ; instead I strangely felt horrified , even embarrassed .
te	I	His hands spanned her waist , thumbs his lightly stroking back and forth .
te	O	And he could see into the future and it was bleak .
te	O	She sounded young -- young and scared .
te	O	And when I looked at her face , I realized she wasn 't .
te	I	While the question was a complete conversational U-turn , Kylie followed perfectly it .
te	I	Except these lawyers don 't give much pause for thought on whether should they be too hard on us when they present their bills . '
te	O	Any other prisoner would be shaking , crying , or begging for their life .
te	O	David seemed always to speak in riddles .
te	I	He found an identity card that that showed the Pole 's occupation was a truck driver .
te	O	She found she was no longer intimidated by this beautiful woman , just suspicious .
te	I	She shook her head , refusing to him look in the eyes .
te	I	But in living the sixteenth century simply wasn 't a sacrifice Helen could make .
te	O	That way I can stay home while I 'm showing .
te	O	Ever since the settlers bound for Red River had arrived at York Factory , the surly grumblings among the Métis had grown louder and more threatening .
te	O	He 'd learned to be happy with that .
te	I	But those tears had been and innocent pure .
te	I	Roberta wiped her eyes with napkin a , still laughing a little .
te	O	Two pink spots appeared on her cheeks .
te	O	Maybe it was just the thrill of the escape .
te	O	Valerie hurried forward to give Astrid a hug .
te	O	That 's not what I want .
te	O	Splinters rained down on me , and slivers cut through my jacket to tear my hands .
te	O	She was glad she was going to get to spend a little more time with him and his new owner .
te	I	But , as long as I had to something offer him , he treated me fairly well .
te	O	He had been about to alert his comrades , but the shout died to a gurgle as blood gushed over my hand and down his front .
te	I	She walked out of her kitchen into and the small family room .
te	O	It hurts just to think it .
te	O	She tapped the side of the bowl with her pestle several times , until it yielded nothing else .
te	I	I just wanted to feel again beautiful !
te	I	And another time she me asked if she could borrow a dollar for a candy bar .
te	O	Considering my current notoriety , it was brave of him to declare his intentions .
te	O	Holly follows my gaze and for a moment we stand there , shoulder to shoulder .
te	O	He lifts the vial up to the light like he is toasting me .
te	O	I dreamed about you just now .
te	O	She immediately began exercising her jaw to stave off cramping and get her blood circulation moving again .
te	I	And it irritate did .
te	O	I stand up and put my hands on my hips , digging my fingers into my skin as I hunch over and force air through my lungs .
te	I	Girls at school my were captivated by Sawyer .
te	O	He would help the priests physically control the child .
te	I	I thought they could help out with the cooking and cleaning , that all 's .
te	I	The other 's voice cracked in for hesitation an instant .
te	I	His narrowed eyes suspiciously .
te	I	' Perhaps , ' she replied blandly , preening her tail feathers , ' but it me amuses .
te	O	Dominic 's teeth flashed white in the moonlight , but his tight smile didn 't completely erase the strain deepening the lines on his face .
te	O	Who tells you that you 're so old you need Medicare ?
te	O	It was all amazingly delicious .
te	O	She sighed and let the creative pleasure linger .
te	I	My first experience was far from perfect and I better want for you .
te	I	Her face was turning gray and hands her eased from her throat .
te	O	Brach lowered his coffee cup .
te	O	He walked to the fringe of a town called Lonesome Creek and stopped .
te	I	The girl staggered to a halt and bent double , hands on her knees , trying get to her breath back .
te	O	I start toward him , but he stops me .
te	O	He urged me to do the same .
te	O	I picked it up , and it nearly burned my hand .
te	O	She didn 't want to share her misery with him .
te	O	His sister , Kiska , as fleet-footed as a gazelle , followed behind him .
te	O	That gave her a feeling of contentment and somehow made their coming marriage even more real .
te	O	Didn 't Anne say Nell was on the planning committee ?
te	I	She smiled at the child and couldn 't help noticing that the little girl held to on Garrett 's legs just a little more tightly .
te	O	The disrespectful tone earned him a welt across the back of his head .
te	O	He was closer to her than anyone else , and yet Lara never spoke to him about her family or her background .
te	I	It has ensured that she 't didn come in .
te	I	He feel could it .
te	I	I don know 't how to console you though .
te	O	He leaves and returns a few minutes later holding our equipment .
te	I	The remained men silent .
te	I	He was there just .
te	O	A large branch snagged on her long-sleeved T-shirt and she realized she couldn 't go any further .
te	I	I just was wondering .
te	I	For the first time in life his , Joe Benson had left a note .
te	O	Not quite the same , to be sure .
te	O	I hadn 't talked to him since his confession .
te	O	But it was rather easy to see why .
te	I	Matthew rightly sensed that was he above every other soldier there in rank .
te	I	We trooped all into the kitchen .
te	O	But I feel arms around me , pinning my arms to my sides .
te	I	If unmarried were mothers in economic difficulties , they could get child support from the government .
te	I	I hoped really that she came tonight .
te	I	He rocked back slightly on his heels , stunned by words her .
te	O	Would he wise up and go back to her ?
te	I	One side , if that 's what you could call it , was fleeing the field of battle with others the in pursuit .
te	O	As she settled into the faded flowered cushions her actions over the past days seemed like madness to her suddenly .
te	I	She the studied contents of her freezer with interest .
te	I	Butch 's wife was distraught to think she 'd be away from her family any for length of time .
te	O	She clenched her fists .
te	O	I toss the rest of my toiletries into my bag and head into the living room .
te	O	I winced as more pain exploded in my ribs , but I managed to choke down my discomfort enough to return her hug .
te	I	The constellations printed on the carpet divided the room into the twelve signs the of Zodiac .
te	I	Of course , had you help .
te	O	It was just a matter of time .
te	O	Too embarrassed and humiliated to go back into the restaurant I started to make my way to the lights .
te	I	Trouble was , I had idea no how to jump .
te	I	He around turns looking directly at Diana and Marie .
te	O	The video morphed into Claire and Shane in his bedroom .
te	I	Jay hadn moved 't .
te	I	Straker sat down at the head of table the and smiled at the room .
te	O	A rosy flush painted her bronze cheeks , and her green eyes glinted behind her silver glasses .
te	I	My wolf growled agreement in .
te	O	Grant stood up and shook his head .
te	I	She stripped off her gloves and passed them to Ivy , who took gravely them and tucked them into her reticule .
te	O	I pressed myself against his hand , moving up and down , as I moaned in the lowest voice possible in his ear .
te	O	My head whips toward Trevor .
te	I	She hated those moments when she was forced into positions that made her feel no better than drug-dealing her family .
te	O	At Sheila 's party , Rachel had shown up with Theresa , and Dad was still there .
te	O	He hoped to offer Cain that same chance for survival .
te	I	I need know to .
te	I	She pulled him close , her arms tight and demanding she as ran her hands over his back .
te	I	It wasn 't her grandmother who taught this her , Mia had her own principles , which she followed .
te	I	She slid her hand under elastic the , and wrapped her fingers around his dick .
te	O	The three men in the car were tired ; it had been a long couple of days .
te	I	Over her shoulder , she peeked at me as adjusted she the hem of her shirt .
te	O	When Victor and I arrived at his house , we went inside and then I reluctantly began to work on homework that I had neglected .
te	I	I so am sorry .
te	O	Not everyone is comfortable with that .
te	O	Granddaddy squeezed Haley 's shoulders a little tighter .
te	I	I the began cleansing process .
te	O	There was a brief rapport of phone .
te	I	The second I touched her I started seeing flashes your of life .
te	I	He obviously wants to ignore my stab at humor and carries right on into account an of the horror that lies ahead .
te	O	No one could tell Gabriel what they had learned , and without proof , it was pointless anyway .
te	I	Robert rose from his chair grabbed and his cloak .
te	I	Gravel down spilled the long rock face .
te	I	He paws slid out from him beneath as he scrambled toward the door .
te	O	How will I tell him about the Inquisition ?
te	O	Her eyes sparkled as she did .
te	O	My name is William Cross , ' he told her .
te	I	My body was giving way the for most euphoric release I 'd ever experienced .
te	O	... Liam swallowed at Lorelei 's words .
te	I	That was stupid a question .
te	O	All the same , Hannah was often strapped for cash .
te	I	Both CLEO and FIDO would presumably again be interested in train spotting .
te	I	He 'd them advised to start the attack simultaneously with the others , but the High Priests had decided otherwise .
te	O	For a moment she felt lost in them .
te	I	The moment passed and the suited man continued his approach , seemingly of oblivious this brief moment where nothing existed .
te	I	She hides her surprise well , hugging him back turn in .
te	I	The other shelves were full of unfamiliar titles , surely chosen by Sofie that for very reason .
te	O	She needed to be like this .
te	O	They drove his car to a small Italian restaurant on the way to her townhome in Scottsdale .
te	I	In apartment my , in my bedroom closet is a whole lot of cash .
te	I	Maximus looked at me though as I were slow .
te	O	Meyer nodded and managed a small smile .
te	I	Whatever it was wanted to us hurt !
te	I	Del cleared throat his .
te	O	I can hear him in the other room , pacing .
te	I	One was a tall , burly man who looked like he could 've been a rugby player in a life past .
te	I	Jamie stood up and crossed the room to sit next to Chase on the bed , phone clutched forgotten in hand her .
te	O	When at last her convalescence was over she was allowed to take up her place at college .
te	I	Finally , Reuben fell silent , as much from not knowing what to do as respect for the fact that was this what Jim might want .
te	I	The alien people shouted out their war cries as they and attacked what was left of the Pioneer turned to face them .
te	O	It would be another quarter hour before the carriage pulled up to the steps .
te	I	He crossed the room in strides three and threw the door open .
te	O	A few days later when he loaded up Justin , Joshua and Mister and they headed into town .
te	I	Fully conscious in his lupine form , Reuben is drawn to protect innocent victims of violence against attackers evil .
te	O	The Hag felt at it , her empty eye socket blinking in astonishment , and I took the opportunity to follow orders .
te	I	I toss the bal in the air catch and it .
te	I	If it wasn 't dawn And ... then ... Duncan let out a low howl .
te	I	He 'd given so in easily that she didn 't know whether to be relieved or insulted .
te	I	She wanted to hold on it to forever so it could keep her warm .
te	I	Then she put Lucy 's arm in basin the and took some leaves and powders out of her pocket and poured them in the water .
te	O	But someone must have come down this passageway to light the sconces .
te	O	Rhi nervously combed her hair behind her ears .
te	O	Two different lighting technicians were up on the catwalks , collecting the gels from the lighting instruments that hung over the audience .
te	I	The air charged shimmered with electricity .
te	O	Decades later , during the Second Rising of the Force , the Boy Wizard rose up .
te	O	I came to take it , then leafed through and found what I thought I would find .
te	I	We are at this location and we have mountains the here .
te	O	She tossed a box of Cracker Jacks at him .
te	I	Laci his watched face , noting how he tried to appear impassive .
te	I	She looked at down her clothes .
te	O	She understood why those girls were clustered around him , longing to fling themselves into his darkness like a bunch of virgin sacrifices jumping into a volcano .
te	I	Dave paused a moment as caught something his eye from outside in the parking lot .
te	I	The power was defenders the ' only hope , their only weapon .
te	I	Although she could put up with pretending that Brick was an eccentric rich Frenchman , she didn 't really want to add a relationship into lie the .
te	O	I 'm not backing down .
te	O	This is all about you .
te	O	Rosie , the makeup artist , handed her a tube of lipstick and a blush compact .
te	I	But no wounds gaping .
te	I	She her pressed lips to his knuckles .
te	O	From that point on , Ironside treated him like royalty .
te	I	It was always good for shading my eyes when I wanted to catch few a Z 's .
te	O	More so , it would look very bad for Moody if anyone learned of Riley 's extra secret visits without her father and without his knowledge .
te	O	I might never come back .
te	I	It 's got to be some of kind anniversary .
te	O	He hoists the rifle up to show them .
te	I	Alejo felt jaw his drop .
te	I	He forced himself stop to .
te	O	Slowly , he rolled back into his own seat , but didn 't look back up .
te	I	' Families all are set .
te	I	Neither of agents the in the front seat nor the one sitting next to him in the rear responded .
te	O	Sarah had to think .
te	I	Her therapist 's intuition told her it was taboo territory , and she would not pulled be in . '
te	O	She caught my eye and smiled , a faint blush spreading across her face .
te	O	Emma stared at the white , sleeveless sweater tank top Ruby shoved at her , surprised that Ruby had come up with something she liked .
te	I	Why , if she had anything to hide , might somebody find it .
te	I	Crying wasn 't thing my .
te	O	On colder nights , it was a real struggle to keep warm .
te	O	Darcy ran the tip of one finger over the wall closest .
te	O	He only knew of her blinding power .
te	O	CHAPTER 9 Graeme 's first glimpse of his bride was confusing for him .
te	I	The Jaycee stumbled in his hurry evacuate to the chair .
te	I	She hear could Lindsey and Janice , Colin 's latest sprayed and teased girlfriend , in the dining room arguing over the dishes .
te	I	Lacey is grinning from ear to ear when she pulls up to corner the at nine .
te	I	Everything it about makes me feel cheap , but more than that - naive .
te	I	Emily ran up to and her embraced her .
te	O	Her body was not in that village . '
te	I	Only bits flashes and that would enter her dreams and make her wake with a flare of panic .
te	O	I thought about one thing .
te	O	She squeezed Hugh 's hand .
te	I	His comment seemed to indicate he that didn 't want the grimy side of parenthood .
te	I	Michael that realized the two men were practically twins .
te	I	Their banter turned Mr. 's Harrison confused expression to one of complacency .
te	I	The hallway light slanted across Evan face 's , an amber stripe showing stubble and soft lips .
te	I	It 't wasn fair .
te	O	He ran the videotape a second time .
te	I	Slowly the demons stalked forward , predators locked prey on .
te	I	he said , laughing so that loudly it echoed off of the walls .
te	O	I never had anyone to tell me that so instead of listening to my heart and what I really wanted I listened to my pride .
te	O	They came to Rockford to visit him sometimes on the weekends , more often in the summer months .
te	O	What had he done to deserve this ?
te	I	So do what you say ?
te	O	' What Spike says is quite true , ' Gran added .
te	O	Even though she was yelling , he could barely hear her .
te	I	Had I heard just him correctly ?
te	I	The negative test was a good thing , and I was glad there were no loose ends Leith with .
te	O	It was the boy in black , the boy from the game store .
te	I	Out along the horizon of San Francisco , a row of Colonies airships closer sail and closer to us .
te	O	This is a terrible idea ; the match will be ruined .
te	I	In fact , I can guarantee you love would my quiet , calm , librarian sister .
te	O	Around the bed were three figures , three women whose appearance was so strange and fantastic that for a moment Cassie didn 't recognize them .
te	I	She 's a wearing blue camo skirt too .
te	I	Finally , when I felt my heart pound would out of my chest , he pulled away .
te	I	Now she was in a thicket of white oaks and red oaks and ... conifers .
te	O	A trial had been immediately convened - presided over , as specified in the Articles , by the quartermaster .
te	I	But what did I do that so is terrible ?
te	O	Friday 03rd June 1983 In the comfiest bed , Calvin woke with the rising sun knowing something amazing had happened .
te	O	She didn 't care to fully immerse herself into the craft , and Doctor Lowell soon realized he couldn 't validate her claim of paranormal attributes .
te	O	He moved in mysterious ways , specifically designed to avoid making pronouncements directly .
te	I	He in dragged a breath .
te	O	He turned his narrowed gaze on her .
te	I	He hunkered down , bracing his back against the wooden wall of the cafe , methodically and consumed the chicken dinner .
te	I	Nobility married other nobility , usually some for gain , either financial or political .
te	I	He me told that I would be with Sarah soon .
te	I	She was surprised certainly by her reaction .
te	I	Brave and dedicated to ' fish him out ' Lady Bird -- Blackbird secretly was visiting him .
te	I	Finally , I left and back started for the Vale .
te	O	He shook his head .
te	I	We 've hands dropped .
te	I	In his hand is a small white box with a bow a and gold paper medallion on it .
te	O	I felt a sick knot in my stomach .
te	I	By then someone when passed away I simply covered the body , since every man was either dead or too sick to bury them .
te	O	Bruno fires rapidly at one side of the circle , which closes in on is more and more with each passing second .
te	I	What a oxymoron lovely .
te	I	Lady Percival needed some tender loving care I and would be the lucky one to give it to her .
te	O	But if I 'm not writing for an audience , why am I writing ?
te	O	It still simmered inside me , waiting for another opportunity to boil over , and the prospect of facing that alone was almost too daunting to consider .
te	I	Your cunt is tightening around my dick , and I can you tell 're turned on .
te	O	She rubbed my crouch as she sank her teeth into my neck , her naked body pressed against me .
te	O	No such thing as a stupid Harte .
te	O	Jude pushed himself up as she stood , his eyes locked on her face .
te	I	The was night drawing to a close .
te	I	I don 't really know what I had been expecting about Dr. Sparks Atrium .
te	I	She was still tired she when awoke , and if she was honest a bit grumpy .
te	I	Old Jude has backed into a corner the of boat .
te	O	It was a hard lesson that I 'd thought I 'd learned years ago .
te	I	The seizure stopped before the ambulance arrived , but didn Matt 't regain consciousness until he reached the ER .
te	I	I sat silently for a few minutes then and I tried again .
te	O	I remember lying on the ground , looking up at her , being sort of scared and sort of turned on at the same time .
te	I	She shoved hands her in her jacket pockets , her fingers caressing the squirt guns for reassurance once more .
te	I	I thought you 'd died in bedroom your .
te	O	I just need you to be more open with me .
te	I	When we left Vincent 's office , my shoulders slumped and my body numb felt .
te	O	He did not want his Empire to crumble , when he lay on his deathbed .
te	O	Irritated , I punched them both more than twenty times .
te	I	My body didn listen 't .
te	I	I struggled to free get , but I couldn 't .
te	I	Would I be able to him forgive ?
te	I	Show me a first-time pedophile and 'll I show you a person who has never been caught .
te	I	To be humbled by the very beasts he 'd mocked Aden taming for .
te	I	Put that like , it was hard to figure out which was more attractive .
te	O	' Glad I could help . '
te	I	Instead kept she popping up like the villain with multiple lives in a slasher film .
te	O	The steam engine came to a wheezing , shuddering halt .
te	O	In 1979 , it changed its name and moved to New Jersey .
te	I	Sam came into the room , eyeing him like he was a and tiger this was his den .
te	I	That when 's Hell started .
te	I	He dropped hand his back to his side .
te	O	The tunnel walls echoed with the sounds of shuffling feet and heavy breathing .
te	O	I had no doubt he would .
te	I	Her eyelids shut fluttered .
te	O	He was a bit disappointed , to say the least .
te	O	He took one look at my face and the color drained from his own .
te	O	We were making great time until we hit traffic which slowed us up .
te	I	Each time they were together , something profound inside shifted him .
te	O	Does that mean they 're my friends ?
te	O	A wave of nostalgia hit me as we arrived outside our charming home .
te	O	He took her hand in his .
te	O	Anything for Nicola 's safety .
te	O	' If you don 't want to celebrate , you shouldn 't feel any pressure . '
te	O	She raised her eyes to Erik 's , seeking shelter from the storm that still raged inside .
te	O	Only as he was about done with his supper did he speak again .
te	O	There were no signs of disaster .
te	O	Again the bubble burst leaving the small banks and the savings and loans hung out to dry .
te	I	Welcome my to kooky world !
te	O	A large drop went splat right on top of Lyssa 's head .
te	O	She kept reliving the conversation with Luke , over and over in her head .
te	O	She tried not to blush , remembering the feel of Byron 's mouth , hot and wet and wild on her skin .
te	I	I want someone on your tail by the time you the leave office tonight .
te	I	Maybe while they played together he tried to influence the prince not to do the that things got him punished .
te	I	Marcus took a breath deep .
te	O	Nate stopped running and waved his arms .
te	O	I follow Vel down a well-lit hallway covered in abstract art to a waiting room with white walls and sleek , lime green chairs .
te	I	And they 're very fashionable ; everybody wants humps two now .
te	O	She 'd no longer seen the skin she so loved to touch .
te	I	She given 'd all that up , a job he couldn 't imagine living without , to take care of him .
te	O	The starlight shimmered on the water .
te	O	This woman had been trouble from the first day he 'd found her on her backside in front of her porch .
te	O	A broadsword rammed through the neck , cutting off the Spike 's chance to do anything but look stunned .
te	I	Father employed was as a traffic officer .
te	O	It wasn 't Mondrian 's voice .
te	O	Knowing my party would stay overnight , I 'd packed casual clothes but nothing more .
te	O	They used the hearth for most of their heat , to conserve fuel .
te	I	When they 't wouldn let her sleep .
te	O	The guard looked at Daniel .
te	I	I won 't live my afraid life .
te	O	Preston pulled a small gadget from his pocket and was delighted to see several unsecured wifi signals were still available .
te	I	One of the units was carrying a large device which was connected to a rifle looking device being held the by other unit .
te	I	Instead they walked swiftly to off get back to their duties .
te	I	I glanced at Henry , silently for asking approval , and he nodded .
te	O	I tell him what I need to do , and I think I might have made him the happiest I 've ever seen him .
te	O	His body was hardening as he noted that her nipples were already pointed .
te	I	Nothing he 'd seen so far of spoke a depressed woman , crawling out from the wreckage of an abusive marriage .
te	O	The two men shook hands .
te	I	Someone who his brightened life .
te	O	There was definitely an air of tension in the room that hadn 't been there before her father arrived .
te	O	I first made a circle joining the PVC pipe ends together with pipe cement .
te	O	This world will have to struggle on without him .
te	I	She have could just as easily invited along a friend like Callie .
te	O	He spoke to her differently .
te	O	He glared at her .
te	I	You owe me much that .
te	I	He flew around the and mountains down into the valleys .
te	I	Kane was going to jail because he wanted save to me , and there was nothing I could do about it this time .
te	I	He that waves away .
te	O	And what weapons was he supposed to use ?
te	O	I was determined to pass on my first attempt .
te	O	She had little control over Annie , who had climbed down from the chair and was tapping her feet on the floor in a show of restlessness .
te	O	Chapter 10 Sam 's arrival brought summer with him .
te	I	Samuel looked like he was about to ready fight some more .
te	O	The feeling of his beard gently scratching her skin , made her head swim .
te	I	He had seen the others hold out their arms , so tried he that .
te	O	I 've never done anything like that before .
te	I	There 's in humor his voice .
te	I	It is you that will get us of out this situation .
te	O	She did , opening herself fully to him .
te	O	His sandy hair was pushed back away from his face , the water making it look darker than it was .
te	O	Never before had I cared if the submissive in my bed felt slighted when the lust was satisfied .
te	O	Jackson got up to slide the DVD into the player .
te	O	It was too high to reach standing on the window 's ledge , which meant she would have to stand on top of something .
te	O	The whole world has changed .
te	O	Drew stepped out of an adjacent room .
te	I	And a month from now , Gina would be dead from freak a car accident that Tracy would see on the news .
te	I	As sank they to lower and lower levels , Seldon 's apprehension grew .
te	O	As a privately held company , Brannigan 's profits were not a matter of public record .
te	O	Being able to walk just about everywhere has it perks , that 's for sure .
te	O	He moved his mouth in a slow rotation , like a horse going over grass .
te	O	It only took about thirty minutes and he had all the factory workers assembled .
te	O	People stood up and stretched .
te	I	He knows hate and he knows pain and right now he knows how much I need this , whether agrees he with it or not .
te	O	What was he going to do ?
te	I	Oliver cleared throat his .
te	O	Time was running out .
te	I	How the else hell would I know ?
te	I	I never 'd imagine he would die .
te	O	His eyebrows went up .
te	I	Twelve years later , and she was petrified because from someone her past had recognized her ?
te	O	Was this the look her mother had in mind when her tormented mind struggled over curtain material and sewing box ?
te	I	And this a is group activity , remember ?
te	O	I would do anything to help my kingdom and the people in and around it .
te	O	When it comes to things of a spiritual nature , God always seems to allow the blindness of self-deception to take hold .
te	I	The bonds are set for another couple of years and paying are you out about $ 3,000 a year .
te	I	Maria knew that the massive strength of the newborn began wane to around the year mark , and she wanted to act while we were strong .
te	I	Henry had been photographed compromising in situations several times over the last year .
te	O	He opens his mouth to say something , but stops , clamping his teeth shut with a click .
te	I	It was working , Rema and was grateful for her kindness .
te	I	One day more might be possible .
te	O	It seemed almost alive , living and breathing like a crouching beast , gaining strength as it moved .
te	O	Oriole used her feminine observations and knowledge to brainstorm out loud a plan of action .
te	I	It was like watching a future life get taken away from him , right before eyes his .
te	I	As he finishes his question I see Cassie towards walking us from the corner of my eye .
te	O	He seemed to sense what she was trying to tell him and he backed off slightly , although not without effort .
te	I	The next one blazed full into view on the starboard side .
te	O	She is looking right at him .
te	O	Austin had never guessed that she would have to change her schedule for anything but school .
te	O	The sun was beating down hotter than before , afternoon well underway , but she didn 't care .
te	I	I would never endanger her way that .
te	O	It was a delicate balance .
te	I	Lila backs up and stalks the kitchen , swinging her arms as though listening to her music own .
te	I	It was stupid and suicidal to stay even long that .
te	O	It just started coming from my hand .
te	O	The guys here might be wealthy , but they were still males .
te	I	' And Enemies our ?
te	O	He was rubbing her breasts from under her top as she started to squirm and scream at the same time .
te	I	I laughed at thought the , thinking how embarrassing that would be .
te	I	That 's very not many .
te	O	A lump lodged in her throat .
te	O	But I also loved him and selfishly wanted to protect him .
te	O	He 'd found his Golden and that was all that mattered .
te	O	I yawned and shuffled toward the door .
te	I	Even as considered he the situation he sensed his own arousal again .
te	I	She pulled free and slid a finger in their between mouths , denying him the kiss he sought .
te	I	Dave scratched his head as he toward ambled the closest one .
te	I	As exited Maria the man turned to look at Connor .
te	I	The first moment no one was looking she took off running to north the .
te	O	It hadn 't , and she wondered if he 'd beamed his thoughts toward her , boosting her ability .
te	O	When they were finished , they cleaned the kitchen together , then Elissa stood awkwardly in the middle of the room , wondering what would happen next .
te	I	Ellen to looked me for reassurance .
te	O	Skipping a space , the next lines read : No animal products used .
te	I	Evidence of his expertise on family matters was scattered throughout the house in form the of multiple generations .
te	O	I turned around to see her standing in the foyer .
te	O	Thing One swivels back toward his console , punches some noisy buttons and adjusts a dial .
te	O	He spread it out over my legs and settled down next to me .
te	O	I stared out the window and wondered what it was I had done wrong in life to put me in this position .
te	I	Any resemblance persons to living or dead is coincidental .
te	O	It was enough for them to spend the night somewhere and buy the woman a meal .
te	O	Mom had conveniently left out that I too had transported with Sini .
te	O	So I couldn 't hate Snow , not after she had lost both of her parents .
te	O	He was going through the motions of his life , and there wasn 't a thing he could do about it .
te	O	Why insist that he needed her at all ?
te	I	Tell a man where to go , what to do , and how to it do , and he is happy .
te	O	Perhaps they thought Julia had deserted , and wanted to see if he 'd confirm that for them ?
te	I	A tall figure came running the across parking lot .
te	I	Daniel sloshed through the shallow water and stepped into the muddy in gap the embankment .
te	I	My heart is filled with emotion such that it is blocking my words .
te	I	I just lie there as Brax looks down me at .
te	I	To be mired in deceit sin and ?
te	I	His tone held a sexual blatant appeal .
te	O	My mom stands behind the counter sifting slowly through the mail .
te	I	Once the crowd had reached an acceptable of level silence and order , Elder Thine stood to her feet and addressed the villagers .
te	O	The woman nodded as if that explained a lot .
te	I	She deserved nothing less , since she chosen 'd to follow the path of a criminal .
te	O	A rational reaction considering Vlad wasn 't your average soldier , mercenary , warlord , or anything else my dad could compare him to .
te	O	The guy I worked with had potions from the Amazon to Borneo .
te	O	It really wasn 't a question , since he 'd already held out his arm , obviously expecting her consent .
te	I	Almighty God closed His eyes for Raj my .
te	I	Within seconds , she forgot all about her morning breath , and she was lost in the intoxicating scent of masculinity his .
te	I	In the hour I spent with Brian Carter , presented he factually and objectively .
te	O	But I decided not to let her get away with it .
te	I	The man moved to the entrance of the ballroom where the carpet red laid .
te	I	I stared them at harder , waiting for them to suddenly reappear .
te	I	I raised blankets the up to my nose and a slight smile grew on my face .
te	O	The longer I lay here thinking about it , the more certain I am that I didn 't dream the horrific deed .
te	O	It would not have shattered her in this way .
te	I	It was far less hateful than sounding when he didn 't swear .
te	I	I turn to watch Bryant handing Star to off Rory to cool the horse down .
te	I	How more much relaxed could I be ?
te	O	Doug , if he noticed any changes , choose not to mention them .
te	I	That pretty 's evident .
te	O	Bring me some iron !
te	I	Then she put her cheek to Charlie 's , closed her eyes , and pulled eventually away and went back to her seat .
te	I	I onto turned my stomach and I couldn 't control the sobs that wracked my body .
te	O	She slipped further , but managed to pull herself up again , biting her lip to distract her from the sharp sting in her cheek .
te	I	He was still alive and would almost come certainly after her again .
te	I	I swing the axe last one time and strike the monster at it 's eyes .
te	I	With both boxers standing face to face , everyone else in the room could see that Karen was little a smaller than Lea .
te	O	There are five large display rooms leading into another downstairs , forcing the visitors to go through all the rooms to get out .
te	O	He tosses the bag of food across the center console and onto the passenger seat .
te	I	My earlier estimate of his height was dead on ; he was taller much than my 5 feet 9 inches .
te	O	All was quiet except the breeze and the sound of trees gently rocking .
te	I	A hand firmly on rested Amy 's back .
te	O	I thought if I asked her , though , it might make her mad , and then she wouldn 't want to hang out with me anymore .
te	O	Heat rushed through her and pooled low in her belly .
te	O	But their restless service saw them blunder into turning our homeland into a smoking nuclear crater .
te	O	But Mom 's shamelessness and weakness of will had led me to become the opposite : stubborn and proud .
te	O	I glanced at our reflection in the plate glass as we walked on .
te	I	I prefer characters unique .
te	O	The bright colors of the many huge fiberglass toy soldiers all around added to the festive look of the massed state flags at the other end .
te	O	And he knew he was the one meant to build it .
te	O	Lupe put his phone away and started walking out .
te	O	Sure , in the past he might have felt excited and scared whenever she was around , but now she was just a friend .
te	O	I wonder how I look in this light .
te	I	Eric held his up hands .
te	O	He looked up at us and smiled even bigger .
te	O	It wasn 't rejection on her mind .
te	O	He slid the ramp out .
te	I	It was easier to block out the with pain his breath on my neck and the warmth of him behind me .
te	I	Dylan knew that truth all way the down to his soul .
te	I	No wonder the booze hadn worn 't off .
te	O	Reid plucked at Carter 's sleeve .
te	O	Gabe leaned against the island .
te	I	I flip my off phone and shove it in my pocket .
te	I	His lips curving into a rueful smile , Zane watched the man walk out , he knowing 'd let himself be outplayed .
te	I	Lingerie her was one great weakness .
te	O	The two men lifted Craig up and held him in place so that his bound feet were perched on the rail .
te	I	I questioned her trying to keep strain the out of my voice .
te	O	And I 'm trying to apologize for that by giving you a cup of coffee on the house .
te	O	I know I can 't , but I sure can give things a run .
te	I	She back heads to the stack he 's made for another board of the same size .
te	O	He 's hot . '
te	O	Nicolas and Tara were greeted with a warm , though familiar , meal of canned soup and dried fruit .
te	I	Isn that 't right ?
te	O	Too late the three-headed monster turned , as Tanu raged , stabbing and slashing , hacking off wings and serpents even as he was clawed and bitten .
te	O	Gregori 's body tightened alarmingly as her teeth sent white-hot pleasure slicing through him .
te	O	As he continued to move his feet a feeling of peace enveloped him like nothing he had ever felt before .
te	O	He slammed his fist against the steel grid door .
te	O	Georgie caught her breath and held it .
te	O	Your brother is getting sick , I 'm afraid .
te	O	She was now alone on the bed and it was dark inside the trailer .
te	I	I propped myself on the closed toilet lid and gazed at with him big eyes .
te	O	Nicolas peered over the edge of the bed .
te	I	Giordano was Bruno not of this world .
te	I	Or , the hunter may choose a free license , in which they are loaned a rifle tranquilizer .
te	I	Ty worked to hard swallow .
te	I	I needed to do it in a way I never before had .
te	O	Maybe he was in the mood for some explosions , after all .
te	I	All the band got members one as soon as they came out , a nice perk , a gift from one of the venues .
te	O	She wrote back , praising my bravery , telling me to keep my chin up , that my mom was sure to come around .
te	O	They had never intended to hold the first wall .
te	O	You 'll be under my protection .
te	O	Gretchen envied his relaxed , worry-free existence .
te	O	It only lasted for a second or two , then my heart thumped once , twice .
te	O	She kisses Rob 's cheek lightly ; Josh sticks his finger down his throat in a gagging pantomime ; and Rob punches Josh in the arm .
te	O	This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons , living or dead , or places , events or locales is purely coincidental .
te	I	She had forgotten emotions how could tie one up in painful knots .
te	I	It 's and firm cool .
te	I	My life would empty be without this call .
te	I	Tears were running down her face as she leant in close to him , struggling to make out anything that would he say to her .
te	I	Tess her bit lower lip , trying not to smile .
te	I	I ask that excited I 've now figured out what struck that chord when I was staring at the map .
te	I	Her drops affect a notch .
te	I	' And was theyre noe light .
te	I	And even if he never loved her the way Diana wanted him to , he would still show the her affection and respect she deserved .
te	I	I it made there before she could speak her next words .
te	I	Chris released a hissing ; breath taking a small step back he pushed Melissa back with him .
te	O	Or maybe I 'll mutate into some hideous alien monster .
te	O	~ Liv ~ While Jackson changed in the guest bedroom , I pulled out my suit and began undressing .
te	I	After a wiggles few , my body starts to move without any heavy thinking involved .
te	I	With his new legs onto fitted his stumps , the therapy crew got him walking again , but it took a couple of months longer than expected .
te	I	Ruth paused then got up onto dance the floor .
te	I	Claudia 't didn see Jake the Heartbreaker , however .
te	O	But she recovers quickly , taking the lime out of her mouth and holding it up in victory .
te	O	And totally ripped , muscle bulging beneath his tight silk shirt and jeans .
te	O	None of the secret bookcase doors had been activated and the emergency fireplace exit remained sealed .
te	O	It took her a moment to get used to the buoyant feeling of being outside her body .
te	O	All of them are trained on my face , all of them are waiting for me to speak .
te	I	They had planned to leave for Britain soon after Christmas , but the winter had winds been contrary and had prevented departure .
te	O	He went back and got her on horseback .
te	I	I was few a inches short .
te	O	I searched for words , trying to figure out how to tell him what I was feeling .
te	O	She stopped , glaring at him from narrowed eyes .
te	I	Theo handed me the rock and this time gripped I it tightly .
te	I	He was worried always about her safety .
te	I	' Oh , ' said Anybody Rob .
te	O	Just like I 'm supposed to be , I 'm going to be polite , she thought .
te	O	Other than the lure of underage drinking and the possibility of a snog session , nothing beat a good fight at a party .
te	O	Hair covered the tops of his legs and grew thickly just above his penis .
te	O	Either way the wedding is a go .
te	O	I might as well have been struggling against a pair of steel vices .
te	I	There were still dry rocks each on side and footprints could be seen in a tiny gravel section .
te	O	After two millennia , her constant yearning would end at last .
te	I	There no is way for me to see to your comfort .
te	O	Like more than once ?
te	O	He put the tub in one of his pockets too .
te	I	Her typing splint strapped to her wrist , she poked the stylus along the keyboard , using her other wrist to the move mouse .
te	O	She tossed the spoon into the sink , cringing when it made a loud noise in the small apartment .
te	I	I 'd like to sit tight for a few minutes no with unusual activity in here .
te	I	She smiled gratefully at his willingness to in pitch .
te	I	Against the car body and the roof , the almost colors blended .
te	I	Piper skidded to a beside stop us .
te	O	If that guy looked at Clare one more time , I swore I was going to shove his air tube up his ass .
te	O	Maybe it was following the same mind call we followed .
te	I	Saber was drenched within moments leaving of the van , the cold penetrating through her thin clothing .
te	I	Sage didn 't wait for Juanita reply to .
te	I	Before you interrupted me , you shithead , I wanted to say , and a for brief second , I was sure he could read my thoughts .
te	O	Clancy asked each their accounts of the day 's events .
te	I	He screamed incoherently and landed heavily his on side .
te	O	Still , he said nothing .
te	O	Meredith was at a beautiful desk made of some black wood ornamented with designs in gilt , working at a computer that had been left on .
te	I	> Two of the owls flew off , taking position up on the roof of the consulate .
te	I	Is he the reason feel I so off kilter ?
te	I	The elf spoke again , sharply , forward stepping .
te	I	' But were who these old ones ? '
te	O	But the sharp smell was only an annoyance .
te	I	Suddenly was I floating .
te	I	Still , her words had given a him real jolt .
te	I	But the project might not have gone beyond the stage ineffective of brooding , if circumstances had not quickened it into action .
te	I	Rested her on breasts .
te	O	Simon turned back to Helen .
te	I	Her nails burrowed deep into my skin , just like she 'd burrowed somewhere deep in soul my .
te	O	Did I want that ?
te	O	She had to fix this .
te	I	Afterward , I 'd fallen the onto bed , face first , and slept like the dead .
te	I	All things considered , it was only natural for him be to worried .
te	I	I looked up then , and it 's strange that dared I .
te	O	The connection to her old pack would be severed , and the pack would feel Dawn as his woman , part of his pack .
te	O	Our friendship was comprised of his relentless positivity and chatter and my bitter quips .
te	I	Inhaling deeply , she pulled the crisp scent of salty the breeze into her lungs .
te	O	Owen flushed slightly as he shrugged .
te	O	I 'm not an idiot .
te	I	Rei is that informed a PPT tunnel does not remain stable within a gravity well .
te	I	To Bickel , that was the blow final .
te	O	That 's how bad choices start , though .
te	I	At five minutes to seven , there were a dozen women lined up in front of the table , all waiting to Eva get Black 's autograph .
te	I	Clearly , he 'd seen storm the brewing in my face .
te	I	It was a probably long shot .
te	O	Just reading about his death made me sad .
te	O	He threw on his rain jacket and his leather gloves that he received for Christmas last year .
te	O	If you can believe it , they actually mask themselves as a desert research facility .
te	I	He always hated walking away from unfolding an work , but he would happily do it for his daughter .
te	I	Or the his way nostrils flared right before he leaned in to kiss me .
te	I	A moment later Stella came into view marched and over .
te	O	She turned back with a gentle smile .
te	I	It won 't be hard sell to though .
te	I	Sitting kneeled the before storm of brightness .
te	O	Antonietta walked across the floor .
te	I	My friends stepped through the gate without even glancing around , I but stopped and peered up .
te	O	The Kingmaker reached it in seconds .
te	I	Then gaze his changed .
te	I	I burn rubber ; the tires up tear the grass , splattering mud and rain all over the windows .
te	O	He would stay to try and clear his name .
te	I	If you can find anything to get the smoke out of my ... hair get it .
te	I	What kind of monstrous would creatures turned up and prey on them ?
te	I	Our bodies moved together like there had been no time us separating .
te	I	The data was obtained illegally , and I course of won 't force you to use it .
te	I	He through played it once , and then again .
te	I	She ransacked her memories , looking the for reasons given for her dismissal from the convent .
te	I	He shook head his .
te	I	Tavi back glared hard into Varg 's eyes .
te	I	Bert rubbed a tender spot his on ribcage .
te	I	He seemed to lose by strength the second .
te	O	Elizabeth pulled me back into the present with a tug on my arm as she led me toward a waiting taxi .
te	I	And then got he stuck .
te	O	Logan sat forward , elbows on his knees .
te	O	The giants marched the entire kitchen and waitstaff outside onto the lawn .
te	O	She moved through the entrance of the maze .
te	I	Still , Jake was experienced for age his .
te	I	No mere mortal would have him heard , she thought with a smug smile .
te	I	He nodded to the manager and baristas and waved they back .
te	I	Why was I stressing over myself this ?
te	I	Arun was the first in years seven .
te	I	Kevin table 's was empty .
te	O	But it presents the gods in a less favourable light .
te	I	Both of them had eyed me strangely I when followed Drew to bed the night before .
te	I	The man made sense no .
te	O	We don 't have a choice ; he 's a General with the President 's ear .
te	O	Talking about it was just wrong .
te	O	Found myself in the lobby and then found myself back home just as suddenly .
te	I	Ryan 's quivered hands as they rested on the table and his eyes diverted in any direction away from Garcia 's stare .
te	I	Shards of daylight were beginning to show in sky the above his window .
te	O	He nodded and went on his way without even waiting for a reply .
te	I	She herself forced to spill all she had to say on the subject in one go .
te	O	She put it out there herself .
te	O	But the governor 's threats echoed in his mind .
te	I	I more craved , needed more from him .
te	O	I was sure that any studio in town would be happy to get me .
te	O	Before Ogg could answer her question about when they were , they heard a voice shouting from the entrance to the cul-de-sac .
te	O	A malicious grin spread across his face as he slowly backed away from Roshan and gradually paced the area behind him .
te	I	The eyes have not a moved muscle .
te	O	His robotic right arm 's metallic exterior echoed the cold touch of the bed 's frame .
te	O	He sounded like the starch had been taken out of his argument .
te	O	He slid the torch into a sconce on the wall .
te	I	He clearly was disappointed at being interrupted .
te	O	Not that she particularly cared at the moment .
te	O	Her discovery had been inevitable , and some part of him had wanted to get to her that way .
te	I	Elliot suppressed a smile : he considered it only too predictable that a character like Munro would wonder police about in this long-dead society .
te	I	The ' keeper was quick and judged correctly , blocking shot the !
te	O	For both of you .
te	O	Horace pursed his lips .
te	O	It was a modern one-hundred , printed in 2011 .
te	I	His eyes round were and noticeable .
te	O	With effort I steeled away the urge to hand Hank his ass on a platter .
te	O	What anxiety had provoked it ?
te	O	After that , I set him back down on his pillow and continued to brush my fingers through his hair , this time barely whispering my song .
te	I	She came down the steps missing two or three a at time .
te	I	What you do suspect ?
te	I	She suddenly laughed , the sound flowing down street the like music .
te	O	She turned her head and looked at him from beneath the impossibly long fringe of dark lashes .
te	O	Thinking about my parents .
te	I	Something way was , way wrong here .
te	I	No came sounds from inside that room .
te	I	I could actually see over them into what looked like garden a .
te	O	Joe B. struggled valiantly against his attacking friends , throwing each one off in turn , until he finally regained his feet , laughing and panting .
te	I	His eyes begin to glow intrigue with .
te	I	He didn 't ease into a faster either speed .
te	I	To his right , there was a blurry shadow cutting through the light , human a shape .
te	O	or maybe the inside of a strip joint ( yes -- much better .
te	I	Even worse , she was sure knew he it .
te	O	Aunt said , cleaning the fish scales .
te	I	Victoria on focused Aden .
te	I	I can 't manage another just word yet .
te	I	He was well known as playboy a .
te	I	That 's where I another uncovered fundamental point .
te	O	Finally , he twisted his head to talk over his shoulder .
te	O	It just about killed me to not ask her how she was feeling , or what was wrong .
te	I	My guitar was handed to me as I followed closely behind the onto boys the stage .
te	O	When one of my wolves slammed into the chain link , I let out a small shriek and slammed into Nic .
te	I	There was no way to know how spread far this event was .
te	I	But one who 's been blessed in way some by the gods .
te	I	Not only was the space-based observatory performing a continuous , real-time monitoring of solar activity , it used an array of solar panels its as energy source .
te	O	I was sure that it was true .
te	O	The old woman turned and seemed to gaze off into space .
te	I	When he finally did that , she lifted her head to meet him as much as she could with her arms pinned above head her .
te	O	I was erupting like some human alarm gone haywire .
te	O	The woman of my dreams .
te	O	But walking out to those waves with a spirit boat meant for myself wasn 't as easy as anyone would think .
te	I	So did fact the that my parents were so happy now and that they understood me .
te	O	' I appreciate the offer Sir but I 'm not sure I need any specialist help . '
te	I	The chair looks sort of smashed , like something huge fell on of top it .
te	I	Mack held the open door .
te	I	They are weeks you that don 't make yourself feel .
te	O	We 'll outlay our problems and sort them out one by one ? '
te	I	Jake reached up tipped and the basket over and caught the battery in his palm .
te	I	Lee looked at him cold with eyes that only dimly registered shock , then he walked over to the log to sit down with a sigh .
te	I	I just don 't want hurt to anyone and I know it will hurt Braden .
te	O	Adri stared back into the village .
te	O	You and Lil have this image of who you want me to be , but it 's not me .
te	I	Charles had his head rolled back , looking straight under up the binoculars .
te	I	She got rarely walk-ins .
te	O	Would she understand when he explained ?
te	I	I just promise escape an .
te	O	Once again , somehow , despite the fact the mandala of flames was large and was taking up a great circumference , the flames were cold .
te	I	She swung her over legs the bed .
te	I	Each them of was taking pills .
te	O	He opened the glass door and immediately registered the serious tone of the atmosphere inside .
te	I	I at stared him .
te	I	When he his shook head , she looked relieved .
te	O	I clenched my hands to fists ; my eyes alert for any motion .
te	O	Either you 're lying to me , the same way you lied in that press conference .
te	O	Ultimately , once everything with Lauren Conover had been smoothed out , the Barton brothers had renewed their relationship .
te	O	I watch Realm leave , wondering what the hell is going on .
te	O	Captain Bright was good at drawing out information there were times when it felt like I was being interrogated .
te	O	This was the first that Ariana had spoken since the induction ceremony .
te	O	I want you to know that .
te	O	She had me in her arms at once .
te	I	It had bleeding stopped .
te	I	It shone the in light .
te	O	The device couldn 't be right .
te	I	She didn 't wait for to me answer .
te	O	Conner and his son came walking up to my car .
te	I	She 'd just now herself found .
te	I	She over pointed her shoulder .
te	I	There be might police officers still roaming about .
te	O	Every guy that looks at you ... I hate it .
te	I	He 'd never me want back .
te	O	Not even the suggestion of a move .
te	I	Just go up her to and ask her out for a coffee - like Keegan had suggested .
te	O	In the four years that followed , Tolland 's show took off .
te	O	She flicked off the TV and went into the kitchen .
te	I	Granted , that 't wasn his intent when he placed his ad in the L.A. Trades .
te	O	Then he looked around , his brow wrinkling in puzzlement .
te	O	She was only one woman .
te	I	Why couldn 't he blurt just things out when they happened ?
te	O	They were coming his way !
te	I	I call dog the , and she hops up into my lap .
te	I	This time , he not had saluted Albert .
te	I	No kiss ever could compare to that .
te	I	Tanner flung aside the remote , the welcoming stab of pain from the violent gesture .
te	I	Molly tried to laugh but forgotten had how .
te	O	Arun 's explanation had appeased some but certainly not all .
te	I	Then one night soon after Sasha dream 's , it happened .
te	I	It 's soothing a burn and an addictive burn .
te	I	She wasn sure 't where she was at , but it was better than being at school .
te	O	If you put me on pills I 'll just go foggy and not be able to think .
te	O	The relaxing atmosphere is charged with tension and I can barely think through the thick cloud of fear .
te	O	As she went back to get ready for her own quiet evening , something of her reflection in the mirror caught her eye .
te	I	Hugging package the in her arms , she spoke to her empty living room .
te	O	A warrior , as she 'd first assumed ?
te	I	She her flashed winning smile .
te	I	Of course , knew Jamie what she was doing .
te	I	I gave it him to .
te	O	You do everything in your power to keep Teri alive and the baby inside her until my brother is conscious and can make decisions .
te	O	The clothes usually end up ripped if we wear them when we change , as they obviously don 't change with us .
te	O	I am going down the tunnel once again .
te	O	When she realized he was leaving , that he thought she 'd stomped on the brakes , she caught him by the shoulder .
te	O	They were high school seniors when Carol learned she was pregnant .
te	O	She nuzzled his neck .
te	O	She 'd have to accept that the same way she 'd accepted everything else in the last two years .
te	I	They say her last were words ' You haven 't seen the last of me . '
te	O	Pia had chosen to modernize the traditional vows by omitting a reference to obey and instead using vows that mirrored the groom 's .
te	O	Your agenda does not have anything to do with what 's best for the agency .
te	O	God shouldn 't need to prove Himself over and over again .
te	O	They are all wearing black and white suits , dark glasses , and carrying various metal rods and strange devices you 've never seen before .
te	I	He his adjusted headset and bent over the panel again .
te	I	Angelica felt how much he the despised woman 's touch .
te	I	' That elephant white ?
te	O	She was there again .
te	O	She even taught me how to use the powers I have to hunt .
te	O	I keep my hand over my eyes .
te	O	Saints didn 't put together financial empires .
te	I	Heard her cry name his .
te	O	' And now tell me , whereabouts do you live , James ? '
te	I	Suddenly , a second loud creak was heard , accompanied by a gush fresh of air and a tidal wave of exterior sunlight .
te	I	My heart still jumps when she enters a room , still taking my away breath .
te	O	The Devil has really got me this time !
te	I	He felt like were there a thousand knives being slammed into his heart .
te	I	Why Coach would Miller do that , I thought ?
te	I	I can stay 't up for him .
te	O	Her voice was low .
te	O	But he was feeling contrary enough that his father 's disapproval pushed him further into Cheyenne 's camp .
te	I	He 't hadn intended for that to happen .
te	I	The men toward turned him .
te	I	They were fast , they 'd been doing backflips off a wall when Laurent introduced them to me at the cafeteria Ryerson .
te	O	He backed away , the glow shifting down as he studied the floor .
te	O	Sending them to some Reboot reservation .
te	I	Altair smiled rose and in his turn .
te	I	What 's he gon do na ?
te	O	He grins , and glances around the vacant class as if expecting to see others laughing at his joke .
te	O	I accidentally allowed myself to breathe in his scent .
te	I	And she did say I was best the Candidate , and they didn 't want me dying from something they hadn 't planned .
te	I	One grand day at quarries the I slipped off a ledge as we hauled a load of slag up the side of the mountain .
te	I	Also , if you guys got to up anything while the mission was in progress , Lewis would kill you .
te	I	One quick glance in and person I can tell if she 's had a drink that day .
te	O	Maybe she wouldn 't need to open the door .
te	I	I wanted to wail at admission that .
te	I	She drew shuddering a breath .
te	I	It shot across the room , smashing through window another .
te	I	Impressive , Senorita , she recalled hearing Victor throaty 's acknowledgment .
te	I	He wondered how it was that already his vulnerable station in life kept finding ways to get more precarious .
te	I	He could it feel .
te	O	He knew there was more knowledge behind her eyes .
te	I	Can you tell me what happened , was it something about baby the .
te	O	But seeing him , I couldn 't believe it .
te	I	Just as I slammed the phone shut , the Beemer Bex and came into view .
te	I	Chapter 17 # 21 Create Memories That Belong to You Callie Last night was interesting say to the least .
te	O	Chapter 4 I was still trying to make sense of how Christian ended up in my dream when my mother found me .
te	I	Perhaps at one point Dad thought that a such characteristic would be beneficial in business , but he has since determined otherwise .
te	I	After a long study , she smiled and moved back to the counter with brooches the .
te	I	When I think of you , I can 't help smiling , knowing that 've you completed me somehow .
te	O	Her eyes light up more the longer she stares at it .
te	O	It was true what she 'd heard once -- sleep reveals what a person should be .
te	O	He and I both knew that I did .
te	O	We were down to our final three candidates .
te	O	Yes , his brothers were there and they are just as hot as him , but they didn 't ask me to come here .
te	O	I feared what my own fate would be , but was determined not to let Brandon see my fear .
te	O	sister Joseph couldn 't help herself .
te	I	He over glanced his shoulder .
te	O	If it came to it , McCreary would trade millions of lives without a second thought ; it was simply the lesser of two evils .
te	O	He 'd have to start taking the new prescription soon , maybe even today .
te	O	He and his siblings had been lucky compared to Haley .
te	O	He 's mine , she wanted to cry out .
te	O	In return , he would continue to help her and share his theater knowledge with her .
te	I	So I found her and accepted her past , embraced her present and told that her she was my future .
te	O	I 've been given a holy trust .
te	O	Hart slid his arm behind her , turning her to face him .
te	O	I adored the place .
te	I	I was percent 99 sure she was lying , and this made me madder than anything .
te	I	Kiev 's voice echoed in ears my .
te	I	He turns and at looks the jury while still addressing Harrison .
te	I	Paddy hurried after the man who had inside gone .
te	O	I had been busily travelling that day .
te	O	I had no doubt the teacher would use that time to torment me in ways that would make Silk proud .
te	O	I can no more deny my own present internal pain .
te	O	She had taken him for granted , she thought with surprise and shame , watching the flickering candlelight .
te	O	Max pretended not to notice , but I could tell he was , like me , all too aware of what was happening .
te	O	The horse had pre-determined that she would stay as close to Echo as she could .
te	I	Then , grass the parted and a young girl stepped out .
te	I	I 'll go over to the California Science Center , drag it out , and load it on B-52 a .
te	O	Well approval or no , Abbey could not have Duncan MacLeod until the investigation was finished .
te	I	My body quickly cooled off , and tried I to ignore the fact my shirt laid in a crumpled mess on the ground beside me .
te	O	I should arrive after dinner .
te	O	Her question took me by surprise .
te	O	Other kids enter the hallway and stare at us , but we don 't stifle ourselves .
te	O	My mother and father 's turbulent relationship is fresh in my head and so is the fear of turning out like them .
te	I	I wore a pale blue with sundress a lace overlay .
te	O	Jackson 's eyes widened .
te	O	He stopped twirling the rose and the color faded .
te	O	JAX : I 'm willing to make it work .
te	I	Unless he was counting that forehead as thing her prize .
te	I	the Marine called to her , her reaching side .
te	I	Jace was none of things those .
te	O	So they sat next to it and watched the evening sky transform .
te	O	A second tire blew .
te	O	I wasn 't ready to be distracted from that warm feeling of true love .
te	I	He 'd already tried and was sure wouldn it 't work .
te	O	I want to keep pursuing that , so remember , we have Nebraska and Michigan to deal with this coming week .
te	I	The title doesn 't who change I 've always been .
te	I	How the hell did she get crossbow a through the metal detector ?
te	O	Zoey had no desire to settle her family problems .
te	I	She had toh to him for her mistake ; she would deal with that she once was finished with her punishments .
te	I	We decided 'd it would be weird for him to call me anything else .
te	I	I sputtered as soon I as could .
te	O	I can feel it .
te	O	Thankfully , the trek across campus would only take me nine minutes .
te	I	But it 's not a problem for anymore me .
te	O	That was the mission .
te	I	Tyson appears at again the moment and chuckles at me .
te	I	Only five foot seven , no taller than Francesca , he had weigh to three hundred pounds .
te	I	A pack without an Alpha didn 't survive long very .
te	I	Hunter had been slaughtered trying to me protect .
te	I	Then Reverend John and Dawson his wife had arrived .
te	O	I passed him on a curve on a double yellow line and got a severe horn blasting for my heroics .
te	I	Although she held her sister tenderly , Brandy had a dark cloud her around .
te	I	Knowing the damn spitfire , she 'd be pissed over that , but he wasn 't going to risk being out shut of the room .
te	I	We have there a skillful team abusers of .
te	I	His hand rested on my shoulder and I to had strongly resist jerking my body away from his touch .
te	O	A loud rip escaped from his derriere and Josephine burst into boisterous laughter .
te	O	We started out along the trail and for a long while , it was quite a good ride .
te	I	The mechanic might well turn me on when she finds out what I intend .
te	I	Sybil shook head her .
te	I	She will kill herself before you stop can her .
te	O	He stood there for a moment in awe because of the furious pace that the participants were taking yet not a word was spoken .
te	I	For example , what most Americans and western world of understands Yoga is just a set of physical postures ( asanas ) and meditation techniques .
te	I	And if you disrupt it , are there consequences .
te	O	Please bring what you find to the shop on Thursday .
te	O	No Christmas tree in the window , but a candlelit dinner and some excellent home baking .
te	I	When will stop it ?
te	O	They couldn 't hide it , when they looked at you .
te	I	I believe my blood can save life your .
te	I	He was too afraid he 'd caught get .
te	I	' But we 're okay aren we 't ? '
te	O	Shards of glass fell from above , littering the ground , while bricks and mortar descended .
te	O	I placed my hands over his arms this time and looking down at me , he clenched his jaw .
te	I	This was my punishment for crimes my .
te	I	She so felt blind !
te	O	Presley was older by two years .
te	O	I immediately shove Grayson off of me and turn around to get in my car .
te	O	I wondered if he too could imagine Lee 's life bleeding away in that chair .
te	O	When our phone is disconnected , and our website is down , people will assume we 're out of business and move on .
te	I	But he knows if something goes wrong , he pay will for it in the end .
te	O	But then , the whole place was antiseptic looking .
te	O	He smiled at her challenge but wouldn 't lie to her , even if it put him a bad light .
te	O	Patrick dropped his bag on the floor .
te	I	While they 'd gone off colleges to in different states , Danni stayed behind to go to community college with Darren .
te	O	We both know I can cook or lay out the dishes just fine at home .
te	O	I broke all the rules and I stumbled on my philosophy in a graveyard in North London when I was ten .
te	O	I wasn 't sure I could go through with this if I had .
te	O	His hold on her tightened as his tears fell in earnest .
te	I	He attempted to work out some of the in tightness my shoulders with a thumb .
te	I	I rolled my eyes she and laughed .
te	I	From the big graveyard on hill the ?
te	O	He became caught up in a daze as he wildly pressed buttons and tried to decipher the symbols that appeared on the monitor .
te	I	He turned the over menu .
te	O	Haven 't you been listening ? )
te	I	We 've heard that cases these self-destruct if opened without the correct code .
te	I	Mr. and Mrs. Smith J. .
te	O	I 'm not leaving you .
te	I	She says what she thinks , does what she wants and she although always shudders when I hold her close , I think she really loves it .
te	I	I exclaimed , unable stop to myself .
te	I	She trailed her fingers along his broad back , her foot up thigh his , and didn 't take for granted the feel of him .
te	O	Ken put his right hand up to his head .
te	I	Looking signs for of ... what ?
te	I	How he would pull at her flesh with lips his , tugging , so sensual , determined , until he brought her to screaming .
te	I	She didn 't write in her diary for a month whole .
te	I	Lucien closed his in eyes disgust .
te	I	He had taken the bike and wandered off over the skies of planet the .
te	O	Chris looked up at the server and found his mouth didn 't work .
te	O	Now all she had to do was convince him .
te	I	I realize you to have have your little hobby with these video games , or whatever it is that you 're doing .
te	O	You 're getting huge settlements for clients who have no clue that they are due anything .
te	O	He looked over his shoulder at me .
te	I	And Emma had been right on when she 'd called horny Rina .
te	I	I looked at over her clinically and nodded .
te	O	He grinned down at me .
te	O	I sucked in a breath , too close to everything to let that little spark of hope grow .
te	I	Chief Broken Bow looked down on Scorpion Black with a harsh stare .
te	O	Now he was the one who looked down , pointing .
te	I	I had a of glimpse the eternity of heaven , that has been the dream of the mystic and the ascetic .
te	O	Chapter 5 The two doors to the rest of the house were locked .
te	O	Adam set his new book on a dry corner of the counter and returned to the sink full of dishes .
te	I	Stepping out of the lavatories , I had another stroke luck of .
te	O	His wording didn 't seem very diplomatically , no one left around the table wanted me to die .
te	I	College would have been exactly where I wanted to go but next there was no way that was in the cards for me .
te	I	But I couldn 't them contact .
te	I	She took the and notebook flipped idly through the empty pages .
te	O	I pull down the neck of my tunic , staring at the bleeding wound in my left arm , just below my shoulder .
te	I	Making her do it , while she was still Amelie wearing 's bracelet , was Bishop 's idea of a joke .
te	I	Lord watched Nemesis him for a moment , waiting .
te	I	She saw also him and waved him over .
te	O	Chestnut hair framed her oval face in soft curls .
te	I	A Pennsylvania state flapped flag on a pole , making a snapping noise in the wind .
te	I	Pulling out my phone , I activated the tracking software , which me allowed to zero in on where my target was in real time .
te	O	No one was around .
te	I	Talon glanced around the loft noted and that the entire area was littered with framed and unframed art .
te	I	She might have been to able convince the Arab if she had more time .
te	I	Things you would like to do , even try do to , but find out it 's impossible now .
te	O	There was a tiny pause before Doolittle answered .
te	I	Although I wasn 't even sure if what I was feeling the toward new guy signified as a crush .
te	O	Still , he clung to life , with pain on his face and pleading in his eyes .
te	I	She what did was expected , said what was necessary , stood as long as required , and then we got to leave .
te	I	Gary 's feet slapped the onto pavement as he ran over to join her .
te	O	It 's something you 'll learn to do when you get your magic .
te	O	I mean , you are obviously still tough and all that or you couldn 't do the work you do .
te	O	There was still no word about Anthony and that bothered him .
te	I	He 'd have to get over his aversion to Angel 's business if was he going to fix his marriage .
te	O	I passed the double doors , unnerved at the fact the room must belong to Kaspar .
te	O	Had the ancient ones rested their elbows like that on stone railings ?
te	O	I would have become a walking ghost of Matteo .
te	I	I also explained Eden 's temper , something she hadn 't been fortunate enough witness to yet .
te	I	Foreigners aren 't in allowed your city .
te	I	It provided with us energy and a reason to rise every morning .
te	O	He picked up my sundae and began to scoop overflowing spoonful into his mouth .
te	I	George beginning was to look uncharacteristically solemn .
te	O	Adolf held out his hands to deliver a death grip .
te	I	With day each , he wondered how much he trusted himself .
te	I	Up the road , the of glare headlights flashed as they turned into my driveway .
te	O	She felt him push deeper and deeper .
te	I	When the reached depth eight , Dusty declared they had better make a run for it .
te	I	My face hurt from smiling wide so .
te	O	The first two had arrived by boat .
te	I	She bent deliberately to retrieve the shirt , stretching fully as she it pulled overhead .
te	I	There are others who move back and forth , depending on mood their .
te	O	$ 4.2 Billion is more than I could comprehend .
te	I	The rank odour of oil from nearby a refinery .
te	I	She thinks ... she thinks I 'm bad a person .
te	I	' We wouldn 't really have get to married , you know .
te	I	Roxy laughed , then turned and cracked her head own .
te	O	I don 't meet his eyes .
te	O	I suppose I could just sort of ... leave it in here while I 'm tidying up ... ' ' Good . '
te	O	I 've been a widow for ten years and your mother is gone .
te	O	So how do you know it was me ?
te	I	After several more minutes of stumbling around like total idiots , we were finally able to calm enough down to be somewhat rational .
te	O	He wanted a miracle .
te	O	He 's obsessed with Christ 's ability to resurrect the dead .
te	O	' How would you like us to be organized , sir ? '
te	O	Anger races through me so suddenly I don 't think .
te	I	They ran left , and down steep a verge .
te	O	You 're not hiding in the office like you did last night .
te	I	It winds around patchwork fields protected by walls stone and hedges .
te	O	I shouldn 't worry , my dandy .
te	I	All those hours , and she 't hadn even been resting .
te	I	No matter what happened , his only chance of having some portion of a normal life on depended that .
te	O	Robert 's sandy hair was greasy at the roots , and he hadn 't shaved .
te	O	And , I 'm sorry about your brother .
te	I	She couldn 't shrug out of her fast jacket enough .
te	O	We didn 't particularly hurry .
te	O	He was suddenly feeling a little lightheaded .
te	I	He would anyone kill who hurt her .
te	I	As I left through the slit wondered I where the waste went .
te	I	Lisa and coughed felt immense pain in her body .
te	O	Peace and love , brother .
te	O	Susan 's face turned as red as the lupin beside the widow .
te	O	Our digs is like a tomb and I 'm anxious to hear how you fared last night .
te	O	A thick beat of silence .
te	I	Yet he didn 't surprised seem to see me .
te	O	She could see the glint of a glass in his hand .
te	I	We not 're that late .
te	O	It was all a game to him .
te	O	I know what you are .
te	O	It was only a fraction of that coming off the ocean , but it was bad enough .
te	I	There was need no for the plea , though .
te	O	He sat down on the couch and ran his hands through his hair .
te	I	Jim 's voice above peeled the maracas .
te	I	Thus cannot they share the same air space .
te	I	He advised them any may they have should be asked in private over the following suns .
te	I	We 've to been half a dozen theaters , searched their parking lots for his car , asked ticket takers if they 've seen them .
te	O	During a particular council meeting , I was particularly finding amusement in Claudia 's discomfort after Gavin chose to sit right beside her .
te	I	Thank for you respecting the hard work of this author .
te	O	Julianne and Charlie leave with Paul and me .
te	O	The waiter stepped closer .
te	I	He rolled us over and stroked my hair as placed he gentle kisses all over my face .
te	O	A plan they 'd gone over several times already .
te	I	She gave a laugh derisive .
te	O	Mac turned to the teenaged girl with the black hair in a ponytail .
te	I	After everything that happened , also it had to be her imagination playing tricks on her .
te	I	She stretched out on the bed , propped her in head one hand , and studied him .
te	O	Yes , they were coming ; she could see the flash of sunlight on steel .
te	O	The paramedics at the game rushed into the stands to help .
te	O	he drawled by return .
te	I	He her took hand in his and guided her out the door .
te	O	She nodded and headed out the door .
te	I	And then she 's pouncing on me and we 're falling to floor the .
te	O	; I couldn 't bear the thought of anything happening to Allie .
te	I	I no had interest in returning either .
te	O	He was brimming with anticipation , trying to imagine the nature of the adventures to come .
te	O	As he passed Level A , he hoped that nothing came to his green-eyed man .
te	O	I bared my fangs and sank them deep into his neck .
te	O	The stars and the moon were clearly visible and looking at Mia .
te	I	Two from the execution squad sprang to their feet and the bolts of rifles their cocked in the night .
te	I	She thrashed her head back and now forth .
te	I	In the tub , the muscles started to relax and I rubbed ribs the with my fingertips .
te	O	He must have double-checked because ten minutes later Davis was in the yard , chewing out both offenders before firing them .
te	O	Will and Sam returned a bit before dusk with a real nice four point buck laid across the withers in front of Will .
te	O	She had to go below ground .
te	O	There was a sudden loud buzzing from the opposite side of the hall .
te	O	' You 're different .
te	O	Does he even remember that he spoke of Alyse ?
te	O	His dad pointed out a couple cows that were expecting as we reached the edge of the herd .
te	I	Jane was already sliding off the seat , trying to get away him from .
te	I	Without any for regard human life .
te	I	The woman there was , dirty and shivering .
te	I	She could still see webs , and he looked like an idiot with all the about waving .
te	I	You , the on other hand , have grown your hair out .
te	O	An ill feeling suddenly overcame me as I mused over the task of getting Tony to sign an affidavit .
te	I	She stretched out beside him , pressing herself against his back , how and Joanna Miranda were sleeping to keep warm .
te	I	Do I baseball love ?
te	O	For a long time , no one said anything .
te	I	The dead only things at the manor were the drained humans in the feeding block .
te	I	Her lashes lowered and he caught the sense that was she hiding something from him .
te	I	It was late too .
te	I	As soon as we got out of the car , they sucking stopped face .
te	O	It had faded to nearly blend in with his skin , being misconstrued as a shadow of a tendon .
te	I	She wasn 't trying to impress me or my rub nose in her money ; she wanted to catch me when I was clearly falling .
te	I	Even the wind driving died away .
te	O	I laughed , but my expression quickly turned serious .
te	O	His lips crashing into mine , hands digging into my skin ; I was dangerously close to coming but I wanted more .
te	O	Under my breath , I started to sing , so quiet it was barely audible to my own acute hearing .
te	O	I am what I am , and I find joy in small things .
te	I	She patted pocket her with a significant look .
te	I	She felt her legs move their of own accord .
te	I	Lying about not wanting boyfriend a .
te	I	Perhaps young the woman should .
te	O	This poor captain 's always the one tasked with trying to get hold of me .
te	O	Marcus shook his head as he turned to Apollo .
te	I	He couldn 't to wait hear it .
te	O	She jumped as another man sat down on her other side .
te	O	He made no mention of the conversation he 'd been having with my cat .
te	I	The were waves merely of Atlantic height .
te	I	And he definitely wasn 't finished here , she thought before bent he over and took her breast into his mouth once again .
te	I	It 's not like that , wants Elijah to tell his brother .
te	I	He sensed it , grief churning deep his in gut , ready to spill out .
te	I	You 'll be up and about enough soon .
te	O	But he was doing something even worse .
te	O	I grip the shimmery diamond around my neck .
te	I	He wanted scream to .
te	O	She tried to shove the suspicion away .
te	I	What little grass was left in front the yard had been flattened , and when I surveyed the damage I was instantly glad they were gone .
te	I	But I knew from the rapt attention was it paying me that it was anything but normal .
te	O	The house looks quite splendid .
te	I	Evelyn is done with interview her , exhausted as she mumbles about making tea .
te	I	Her eyes , red and swollen , and her usual smile was replaced with tied lips together with strings of saliva .
te	O	You know what he 's really like .
te	O	A deep voice cried out .
te	I	There is a out sign front .
te	I	His experience summoned forth the same emotions experienced he when he was seventeen .
te	O	Roman cried , pushing past Summer onto the porch .
te	O	You had your fun .
te	I	That was all could he manage .
te	I	In a matter of minutes , the man had charmed on everyone his team .
te	O	Duncan bite his tongue and left .
te	I	The constable left , came back with a cup instant of coffee for each of them .
te	O	I 'd always believed that love was never worth it .
te	I	I grimaced as soon as I saw Sara 's name , feeling for bad not calling her sooner .
te	O	I think he 'll want the time alone .
te	I	Those yellow eyes looked almost murderous , though his tone had been as gentle his as ruined voice would allow .
te	I	Don 't home come until I meet you .
te	O	Ignoring the terrified sickness in her stomach , Kaitlyn took a step toward him .
te	O	My lip felt twice the size it should .
te	O	Why would he choose Lucas over his own children ?
te	O	The Ambassador blew a whistle before he picked up the phone .
te	I	I squeezed a worm seemed that out of place .
te	O	There were two choices : soap opera or real life courtroom drama .
te	I	I 'll you buy lunch .
te	I	Come and have a drink talk and ; I want to know everything . '
te	O	Because of course President Cell Phone had brought most of his posse from Nino 's , everyone but the smudgy boy .
te	O	It was almost enough .
te	O	He 'd found several , fondled a few , kissed a couple , and left them all .
te	I	But I told you , will you take the medication one way or another .
te	I	The shards embedded themselves in the columns and -- in Landon .
te	O	Throbbing pain radiated through my temples .
te	O	Of criminal elements in and out of police departments around the world .
te	I	Tristan stared at down me with a confused look .
te	O	What about the money for the funeral ?
te	O	' Look at it , ' he said .
te	I	You practically with glow it .
te	O	She had actually been grateful for the customers .
te	I	I look forward to the day 'll you feel the same pain I went through .
te	I	Why didn 't say someone something , try to help .
te	O	Slowly I lifted my gaze .
te	I	But it off paid .
te	I	' It might have very been interesting , ' he said rather wistfully .
te	O	He belongs somewhere he would be offered the right kind of help .
te	I	Peter was soon exiting cafeteria the with the entire football team tracking him .
te	I	Devon felt like she stopped had breathing .
te	O	He 's in a loop and he doesn 't know it .
te	I	That 's how operated he .
te	O	Once the task had been completed , they headed for the conversation their fathers were engaged in .
te	O	Randy went into seclusion , and then threw himself into his work .
te	O	After trying half the cards on the ring I begin to feel doubtful .
te	I	She the scanned skies for a blankness in an attempt to pinpoint his exact position .
te	I	I didn 't you know were still practicing .
te	O	Or rather , it dropped so suddenly my body went airborne for a few seconds before crashing back down .
te	O	Luis tightened his seat belt and reached for the handle above his head with both hands .
te	I	I can 't say what Lilly and the others going are to do , when they 're going to come back .
te	I	I 'd seen often it enough .
te	O	There was a brief silence as the three males nodded in rare agreement .
te	O	Black Magic always made her feel giggly , and then very sleepy , but somehow tonight her body refused to sleep .
te	O	Heaven forbid she touch one of them in the dark .
te	I	Haskell had his head thrown back ; Julia knew his own eyes closed were .
te	I	Below him the snaking went staircase in and out of focus : he now truly felt the height of where he stood .
te	I	Jason and were Chris first .
te	I	His arm got tighter around body my .
te	O	Two more corners , and they reached the shop .
te	O	Bastien asked me slyly .
te	O	I asked , because real y , I had no idea what else to say .
te	I	Chuck smiles like I forgotten had about Terry Cleaver , and he was there to remind me .
te	I	That was another matter another for moment .
te	O	What good can any of this do ?
te	I	He gave a slow shake of head his .
te	I	We 'd never had an like argument this before , not since we became friends in the first place .
te	O	We already talked about this the night ya 'll renewed your vows .
te	I	I was thrilled to see grin him .
te	O	The handlers are letting James have his first bit of social interaction here at the Wellness Center where it can be monitored .
te	O	Once everyone had food on their plates , Taryn opened four bottles of wine that came from her winery .
te	O	I grabbed her iPod .
te	O	Nothing he could have said would have meant more to her .
te	O	It flowed solidly into her face and around her body .
te	O	Harvey rummaged in cupboards as Stanley cooked , and found plates and cups and silverware .
te	I	She just 'd never really , really believed it .
te	O	He breathed in sharply through his nose , his eyes cutting into me with curiosity .
te	O	' For God 's sake !
te	O	It was over -- and so unceremoniously .
te	O	Jesse 's moving back ?
te	O	Fallon braced one hand against the windowsill and watched Isabella drive out of town toward the road that would take her to the old highway .
te	I	Tears slid my down cheeks .
te	I	Thomas , will you be staying with Alanna now of course , you are engaged .
te	I	don 't know about an accomplice , but you can bet your pension that 's William body is somewhere up at the family farm .
te	O	It was hardly fair .
te	I	If she was any other he woman 'd agree .
te	I	How explain to the bones in the valley ?
te	O	This can 't get any worse . '
te	I	If say you another word on the subject you 'll be in for a month 's worth of detention . '
te	I	As he talked , he could see they were considering already how the situation might impact their departments and responsibilities .
te	I	His car door flew open , and I watched him bounce the down lawn toward the front door .
te	I	We are bound from time this forward and there will be no other .
te	O	He gave me a kiss and added a little tongue .
te	I	searched because of Victor ... He blinked and reminded that himself he didn 't believe anything Victor had told him .
te	O	Surprised to hear a human voice , the noble 's eyes open looking quickly around the tent .
te	O	Why would you want to ? '
te	O	If I didn 't sell this , he would never bite , which would ruin everything .
te	O	Sometimes we 'd talk , basically about anything .
te	I	She wasn 't all at surprised to see him following her as she leapt , jumped , ran , and swung easily from limb to limb .
te	O	But as night fell and Lucas and my friends went to bed , I forced myself to get it together .
te	O	Pres. Song Hyun did this time .
te	I	Even in this dim light his eyes radiate a brilliant blue electric .
te	I	I thought I was about to out pass .
te	I	I 'm already shaking head my .
te	I	He grabbed left her hand .
te	O	A man at a tourist shop sold them a map and directed them to the Royal British Columbia Museum .
te	O	Tonight something cold and alcoholic suited his temperament .
te	I	My feet slipped , thus yielding the advantage to enemies my .
te	I	The full destruction of the room Mechanical was becoming evident .
te	I	Another full bite of his delicious dinner , he had to be honest with her .
te	I	She knew no one else would be able to find her there because the trees hid the little group chairs of well with their low hanging branches .
te	I	He 's probably funding the operation right now , since the Strand 's are assets frozen .
te	O	I let the fabric of my dress pool to the floor , and then I slowly removed my undergarments .
te	O	First he copied the coordinates for 1770 , then switched arms and wrote down the coordinates to get them back to their present time .
te	O	I led the way to the restaurant where I had eaten with Margaret .
te	O	Just seeing her again is enough reminder of why I dislike her , so I definitely won 't try to fuck her tonight .
te	O	Rather , it was that delicate ivory which so clearly connected with my soul .
te	I	She pushed against chest his .
te	O	As I had to do .
te	I	My muscles couldn 't hold me none , and eyes my went wet .
te	O	It was a simple chain with a small diamond on the end .
te	I	Claire sipped at her coffee and the felt warmth and caffeine spread through her body .
te	I	He looked with pleased himself .
te	I	His young and flawless face was blank , and my heart a skipped beat .
te	I	By the time he pulled back she was wrapped to him , clinging wanting and more .
te	I	How Amber began to hate herself more and more as the passed morning .
te	I	She is baby-sitting for her both mom and her neighbor .
te	I	Some that aren 't even maps on .
te	O	That was ... wow .
te	I	She said she 't didn know I had any male friends beyond work .
te	O	He reaches for my cheek and I slowly pull back .
te	I	On the other side a was stairwell leading below the performance platform .
te	I	She felt a like fool .
te	O	You 'll ... smooth things .
te	O	I let my eyes wander to the row of lockers and focused on row B. No one entered .
te	I	It overlooked breathtaking the expanse of the sprawling city below .
te	O	Her glasses were propped on top of her head , and her eyes were round and brown and warm .
te	I	Even she if saw herself as the nightmare in the room .
te	O	The way she spoke , it was as if death was nothing to him .
te	O	He seemed to snap out it , leaning closer to me .
te	I	She across paced the floor , a restless , edgy mood driving her .
te	O	A scream sat on the tip of my tongue , a plea of mercy .
te	O	She punched in her email address and smiled weakly .
te	I	So , she tried the same trick over , and married , was and widowed a third time . '
te	O	He was reading it .
te	I	It had caused disfigurement of face his and skull .
te	I	She had to come back to reality , remembering that this wasn Paris 't and the revolution was over for ages .
te	I	She brings her bare foot down my on knee and I jerk away from her before she can hurt me too much .
te	O	She ran the hot water and added a copious amount of bath foam .
te	I	the man old said .
te	O	Merl laughed , waved the hand with the cigarette , and the terry was once more wrapped around him .
te	O	She walked a few steps closer .
te	I	She heard shout Hodge in horror .
te	O	By the time she 'd finished clearing out the closet , packing clothes and shoes into boxes for Goodwill , Susannah was ready for a break .
te	I	Battle would get the truth , as fast as he write could it down .
te	O	As for the students almost all wore gloves .
te	I	Kali stared at the last plate of on dessert the counter .
te	I	Kate had wanted never that closeness with him .
te	I	I trotted up to the paddock fence and stopped right in of front Billy .
te	I	Perhaps she ill was .
te	I	The firefighters used various lines and straps from their pockets to truss up Leon his and two men .
te	I	In the meantime , his was path cleared , at least with Leah .
te	I	The area looked bleak , a piece of weedy wilderness in endless the fields .
te	O	He was already inside .
te	I	Had I any color in my cheeks , 'm I sure it would have drained .
te	O	Dave , we need you visible .
te	I	They think my thrashing about was some kind of desirous dance love I guessed .
te	O	He looked about him , a bemused expression on his face .
te	I	I at smiled him .
te	O	After running for what seemed like at least half an hour , she felt that her lungs would give out if she didn 't stop .
te	O	Talon reached for her , but she bypassed his hand .
te	I	Oh my God , I so am excited , I can 't even write any more .
te	I	I stared into up his eyes .
te	O	He slipped in and slammed the door shut .
te	O	I love how you agreed to take care of Matt and Kyle , and I love how you take care of Dougal without letting him know it .
te	O	She 'd wanted to become a cop to protect the people who needed it .
te	I	He nodded everything to .
te	O	It wasn 't cool in the room ; the cabin boy constantly refilled the stove because of her .
te	I	Rose moved the fork and knife to closer the china and adjusted the position of the glass .
te	I	Then she saw that maybe fear her wasn 't so irrational .
te	O	His army was massive and irresistible , an unstoppable juggernaut .
te	O	Josh scowled and started to turn the page .
te	I	Twitch up sat , stretching .
te	O	Payton was slowly been pushed back with every punch that landed on her guard .
te	I	What on earth that did mean ?
te	I	Then I put on some dark purple workout and pants a matching tank .
te	I	The more I this analyze , the more freaked out I get .
te	I	The shirt was that stained with that other woman 's blood .
te	O	Prudence had been living with her for a short time while she was at college .
te	I	Involving your friends family and is a good first step towards keeping your commitment after the initial feelings dissipate .
te	O	He simply lifted his head , jumped to the floor and followed as Isaac went out to do the chores .
te	I	It would also make sure that he was fresh feeling and mentally alert .
te	I	Which tells me I 'm either beyond freaked or like I him .
te	O	But at length , I reminded them that hunts sanctioned by an operational governing body carry no repercussions .
te	I	Ray paused for a moment , and could Jolene hear the clicking of his keyboard as he typed information into the FBI systems .
te	I	The crowd parted , and I could see two human being guys pushed and shoved into the club , covered in blood .
te	O	With a cry of surprised I noticed he was the man climbing up the castle wall that I saw yesterday night .
te	I	I flushed thinking of David 's Garrett arms .
te	I	To claim Daniela ... show to her what sex can be like .
te	I	I 've so felt terribly .
te	O	Finally , after contemplating for more than two days , Nate hit on a solution - Mephistopheles had to escape !
te	I	' It be will safer for you if you don 't know what 's in it . '
te	O	The old man might not want to sell his property for the original , more than generous offer , but the heir was more than likely to .
te	I	She suddenly reached out for him and him drew close .
te	O	He smiled at me and I smiled and waved .
te	O	All he had was daggers to defend himself .
te	O	But you 're insured to fly planes for Hall Aviation .
te	I	A moment later , Toto was nothing more a than pile of shimmery , blue dust .
te	I	She listened intensely could but hear no other sound .
te	I	No sooner had one meeting concluded than Dan was called the to visitor 's cage .
te	I	A faint memory my from teenage years .
te	I	Rupert was humble so !
te	O	He had to assume anything he asked would be looked at with suspicion .
te	I	I didn still 't trust Elliot .
te	O	I 'm an embarrassing mess of nerves crashing into him , controlled by one current of electricity coursing through my core .
te	O	He knew where he was .
te	O	Nothing will bring that guy back .
te	I	Everyone should instruct their commanders to call immediately in to communicate our message .
te	O	I hoped the immense weight of the god would cause him to collapse into one of the warren holes .
te	I	She to turned look at Simon .
te	O	The more you have the better .
te	I	She her closed eyes .
te	I	As he glanced around , taking in the flames the devouring old wood , he couldn 't believe his eyes .
te	O	He jumped through and landed on the home 's roof , keeping his wings tucked as close to his sides as possible .
te	O	The same was true of her panties .
te	O	The interior of the tower was completely bare , save for a circular capsule at its center .
te	O	Now I know why he looks so concerned .
te	I	She watched as he nodded his head , his red long beard billowing in the wind .
te	I	I stumbled around and dropped the boxes into the living room while brought Angel in another box and two cases .
te	I	He 'll let in you .
te	I	MPD has a history long .
te	O	He could hear a voice as though from a great distance .
te	O	He 'd hunted humans in the past , and knew that if he tried to catch them both , the two would dash in opposite directions .
te	I	Ott in sat a chair facing Harvey .
te	I	At the construction site he 'd been lowered to the ground and hosed down to cleanse away the mortar blood and .
te	I	After so many hits , Lea dropped guard her momentarily and was punched with a left straight square to her face .
te	I	He stood up and grabbed his bag , pulled his jacket out of it and it put on .
te	O	The beard 's raised his gun .
te	I	Girlfriend , is what it with you and restaurants ?
te	O	I 'm in the wolf dream .
te	I	I the know answer because I know my mother , and I step in and flash my own perky smile .
te	O	Jasmin stood up slowly and flicked her hair .
te	O	Which is easier said than done in ballet flats , let me tell you .
te	O	There , now , ' I said in a motherly sort of way , ' see how much better you feel already ?
te	O	They were spilling out of the material , begging for his touch .
te	I	The sky was a magnificent blue the and water crystal clear .
te	I	She sat back against the pillows , letting the seep coffee into her bloodstream .
te	O	I scrunched my brows , trying to remember that conversation ; a lot had been said and done that night .
te	O	As soon as they left , Kate looked down at the other end of the conference table .
te	O	When fully assembled , those pieces formed a truly impressive and multifaceted picture .
te	I	That partly was how he convinced me to trust him .
te	I	Eventually a man young in a police uniform entered the room and took the seat opposite me .
te	I	He her regarded a moment ; then , grunting softly , went back to the news .
te	I	But when the door opened , and Debbie stepped through the doors , Samantha 's heart plunged the to ground .
te	O	This includes the name of Martin Chalfont and also the country these events took place in .
te	O	Her mother strained to get up .
te	I	Someone had disconnected line the .
te	O	Not enough salads , fresh fish and that type of thing .
te	I	Winds from came everywhere , causing the falling ash particles to whirl in a vortex and smolder brightly .
te	I	There were of twelve them in all .
te	O	Jem stood up hastily .
te	I	Jonathan howled in pain and dropped his to knees .
te	O	He 'd see straight through me anyway .
te	I	I move the bottle from between my thighs , touch the match tip to the rag , it watch flare up , white and hot .
te	O	She pulled Teagan up , into her arms .
te	O	After a moment 's hesitation Jem shrugged and opened his door .
te	I	He was the only one Farooq trusted implicitly , in allegiance ability and , discretion and judgment .
te	I	Sitting up he is the who man bid upon me .
te	O	This ebook may not be sold by anyone except the author .
te	I	I paced for outside a while and must have been quite a sight to passersby .
te	I	When released he it , it sprang back .
te	I	Coyote at stabbed him .
te	I	If they were her family , she 't couldn go back to them .
te	O	But it was too late .
te	I	she yelled almost at him .
te	I	I 'd be perfectly happy keep to you here with us always .
te	O	Maybe he wasn 't a complete sleaze ball after all .
te	I	Her fevered and breath the odd sounds seep into my skin and chill my heart .
te	I	The admiration in voice his was more marked .
te	O	She balled up her fists on the cold , cracked Formica of the counter .
te	O	Yes , I 've had plenty .
te	I	She back looked at the colt , which was edging closer now .
te	I	Anyhow , the haze was smoke only from illumination torches oozing through ventilation gaps under the slates .
te	O	I know all about the dagger .
te	I	I open second the of the doors : a bathroom .
te	I	I started was to think like Doug !
te	I	I each promised of them final four .
te	I	I won 't asking bother .
te	I	Any woman , even Bait , even divine punishment , deserved better that than .
te	I	Lissa laughed , knowing that wasn 't reason the .
te	I	Then she heard him walking slowly the towards light switch .
te	I	Once again Amadeus held out arm his .
te	O	The interviewees told their stories in turn , explaining the reasons of their choices .
te	I	Once inside he headed towards the target 's bedroom , his where thermal device showed that there was a person currently asleep .
te	O	It felt as if the room was suddenly filled with static electricity that made their hair stand on end .
te	O	Definitely his kind of girl .
te	I	Between her with time Perry and then Loran , she had almost forgotten about the pain .
te	O	Paris ' apartment was massive , but devoid of anything a normal human would find comfortable .
te	I	I do some save containers that contain the peyote and have it on hand for people with cancers .
te	O	When we arrived , we found the little house where we 'd stayed shuttered and vacant .
te	I	At the time , he had a radiated quiet strength and a lot of cockiness .
te	O	Colored silks wave furiously through the air .
te	I	The guards recognized Dorrie once at .
te	O	Reece shouted insults at Kyle the whole time the gorilla of a football player was kicking the two skinny kids lying on the ground .
te	O	She does not appear to be doing that .
te	O	The gossip had turned it around and made it her fault .
te	O	If you trample the flowers , then you receive zero points .
te	I	Five more of members the King 's Guard walk by .
te	O	' Er ... none I 've ever heard of , Mister Rob , ' Billy confessed .
te	I	As for the discovery of his body as a diversion , he have could been discovered hours later or hours before he was .
te	I	The morning craziness made my entrance easier than if 'd I tried to get in during the afternoon hours .
te	O	Which brought another realization to mind .
te	O	Mark started to become a little annoyed with the turn that things had taken but he pressed on .
te	I	She propped hand a on her hip and looked down at her jeans .
te	I	First of all the exclusive bond of affection between individuals two , so essential for any couple 's stability .
te	O	I yanked open the diner door hoping Sara wasn 't working and I could just have a glass of something and think in peace for a bit .
te	I	Pearl let go , smiled quickly , lowered voice her .
te	O	A person could be mistaken about things like that , and of course he hadn 't really studied the painting before buying it .
te	I	I squeezed my eyes tighter hoping to wash the image from mind my .
te	O	It was solid and warm .
te	I	Guy asked humbly the old man .
te	O	She could be anywhere .
te	O	Nick didn 't have to ask .
te	O	I blame these damn chains , which is one more reason I want to avoid adding a new layer of power .
te	O	It just doesn 't seem right .
te	I	Delighted to in help any way .
te	O	The pot had obviously been sitting there for hours ; the coffee was black and thick and strong , just the way she needed it .
te	I	With upgraded brakes and tuned suspension , it was a to dream drive .
te	O	They had established so much intimacy between them since her accident that sex seemed like the next natural step in their relationship .
te	I	Gloria never minced words and she braid could hair better than anybody I 'd ever met .
te	I	If you can 't get rid them of without any fuss it attracts the others .
te	O	Progress was a beautiful city with massive buildings , as Ollie had described .
te	O	He was gradually inching his way towards the dining room archway .
te	I	Liam gives resistance , now gripping the weapon for leverage as he balance loses .
te	I	I have taken care of myself a for long time .
te	O	Much as I was loathe to have the authorities bumbling about , they had to be notified .
te	O	Promise me this is our secret . '
te	O	* * * Ethan gave Malik a heads-up that we were leaving .
te	I	You see and him he is with you so much yet he hasn 't come for you .
te	O	Neil was impatient to have the whole team together at last .
te	O	After filling out some forms and submitting to a retinal scan , he was escorted down a long concrete hallway to a heavy metal door .
te	O	You hope , I think to myself .
te	I	A few other civilians had items hidden in hands their .
te	O	Still , something was awry , and he intended to get to the bottom of it as quickly as possible .
te	I	He his shook head .
te	O	Heavy drapes obscured the windows .
te	O	I worked at the Crown Chandler in Beverly Hills and people skills are my forte .
te	O	As he sat rubbing the worsening ache in his forehead , the last teacher to enter the room threw a worried glance in his direction .
te	O	Thank God she hadn 't asked about Ryan .
te	O	That 's when it hit me and I 'm sure I must have turned bright red as stupidity flowed right through me .
te	I	Xavier often disrupted those corrupt deals between the factions underworld .
te	O	Abigail makes it herself and makes sure we come straight here .
te	I	Chapter : 6 Gaping hole Motorists in central Edinburgh face weeks of additional delays after a huge hole opened up in the middle of a main road .
te	O	How was the son of Viggo 's beard family part of the enemy without Viggo knowing ?
te	I	Ethan tapped his on fingers his desk and considered his best course of action .
te	I	I that knew I was losing her with my words , but I didn 't know how to stop hurting her .
te	O	Home was the best place for her .
te	O	He saw it and was at least not worried about this anymore .
te	O	I 'm just being crazy .
te	I	We fall would in love and get married , and we would have wonderful children .
te	I	But neither nor anger disappointment mattered when the birth of a healthy boy was announced -- a boy with curls as black as the raven 's wing .
te	I	He didn 't understand what happening was .
te	O	We grin at each other .
te	O	As they peeled wider , a low roar of water echoed up to her .
te	O	He was alive , and for now , he would continue to lead the band of survivors just as he and his wife had done before .
te	O	She reached for bandages to bind her wound .
te	I	The computer was telling him the names European of countries , their landmasses and capital cities .
te	I	You get hundreds of new all enemies in one go .
te	O	She heard Zell calling behind .
te	I	At the next drop Alec stays behind me that so Connor has to help me down .
te	I	I know was it her .
te	I	He met beautiful her blue gaze .
te	O	However , Brandon did say he recalled certain images when he awoke .
te	O	Silk 's the one I need .
te	O	' Well , I suppose ... Could we have the Hour of the Dead back , Mr Gilt ? ' '
te	O	She turned and motioned toward her sisters .
te	I	Going back inside , Aisling looked at up me , expectantly .
te	I	That doesn fit 't any pattern .
te	O	A stuffed animal went soaring by my face .
te	O	Ashe gaped at the images as he listened to the conversation between the Bright Queen and Winkler a year earlier .
te	O	I 'm glad you found it , Maury .
te	O	I could sacrifice an eternity of sorrow , if that 's what it took to ease his suffering .
te	O	Veronika didn 't know what to make of her .
te	O	It is interactive , so that it is completed only through contact with the user .
te	O	We had to do introductions after Gavin removed his clothing and climbed in nude .
te	I	It seems the mercenaries are on the move more once .
te	I	They always so seemed silly to me ; so small .
te	O	I shook my head .
te	I	She looked pleased very .
te	O	So where exactly is this town then ? '
te	O	Leander Jack nodded and they slowly entered the room .
te	O	Cassie shook her head as she hurried back to her pizza .
te	I	Even as Marky and Jason complied , officers uniformed were approaching cautiously .
te	I	Lord stopped only an instant to slam shut the door from which he 'd entered lock and it from the inside , then he followed .
te	I	But when he felt her touch , Severance reacted as if he under were attack .
te	O	Either the line crashes or it turns in to something absolutely amazing .
te	I	James opened the drawer of his to desk find the folder with the paperwork he 'd requested .
te	I	The jury was intently listening .
te	I	' Are allowed you to do that ? '
te	I	Her voice shook and avoided she looking at Nicolae .
te	I	His had always dark been , violent .
te	O	The southern end was where the tourists visited .
te	I	How else could he have such yielded a fantastical revelation ?
te	I	I heaved sight a of relief .
te	O	He pointed meaningfully to Ms. Psychotic 's pigeonhole outside the staff office , and I froze .
te	I	He twisted and and stretched rubbed his limbs .
te	I	Malcolm forward jumped , moving lightning-fast .
te	I	The light winked out , he and fell to his knees , scrabbling on the ground among the trash and the dirt .
te	I	Sam with asked confusion , obviously not having caught what he 'd said .
te	O	What , what else could he do ?
te	I	Expression flat , Fate the glanced at me .
te	O	Although by this time he was starting to worry about what lay ahead of him during the next few days .
te	I	A of wave happiness washed over her .
te	I	I 'll go the to bank later .
te	O	I couldn 't stand it anymore .
te	I	The last of corner the huge warehouse was devoted to fighting , with a large wrestling mat and a full boxing ring .
te	I	He hates going on tour he because can 't see her when he wants to .
te	I	He was much so better than that .
te	O	I asked him to follow us to Vivienne 's penthouse since I wanted my twins close to me .
te	I	The next village a was long way off , and he didn 't like being hungry .
te	I	I it read back to make sure I have copied it correctly .
te	O	Stuart turned to Felix and then to Thibault .
te	O	Sam glanced at Stacey .
te	I	She could imagine victory , but the satisfying image as dissipated the clock on the wall continued to tick .
te	O	He couldn 't possibly have said what I just heard .
te	O	How many times had she warned him not to act like a caveman ?
te	I	We shifted into a with house a hippie kind of vibe .
te	O	' When we feel vomiting of hostel menu ; we will cook our own food . '
te	I	The second floor balcony made her gasp delight in .
te	O	The guard 's expression said he knew whom Brennan was referring to .
te	I	Joshua wasn 't trying to escape , not by any stretch of imagination the .
te	I	They only need to come up air for every once in a while , like some of our reptiles .
te	I	It 's not even in anger his voice now .
te	O	His mother 's tears made him feel bad , but he was determined not to be moved by her sadness .
te	O	Finally , however , they hit the flat shores of the island where the stream widened and meandered down into a small lagoon .
te	O	I nodded and released his hand as the food was brought to our table .
te	O	I was convicted of drunk driving , sentenced to community service , and ordered to see a counselor for anger management after smarting off with the judge .
te	I	That came Ryan from .
te	I	Her head fell against him , she clung to him as beyond the concern for her safety , the pleasure blood her gave him ensnared them both .
te	O	I hear Andrew crash against something and scream for him , but his unwavering tone is at least reassuring that he is alright .
te	O	Chancey , it has to be him who 's doing this .
te	O	There was no immediate scent of humans in the air , only the musky odor of a few stray cats .
te	O	They laughed and played in the tiny locker room and completely ignored Sam when he tried to complain about something .
te	I	He half filled it bourbon with and handed it to his friend .
te	I	I 'm sure Santa agree would .
te	I	He grabbed my neck with one hand and tucked his face near my ear , swaying my against body his .
te	O	My sisters , Taylor and Leah weren 't far behind my heels .
te	O	Or that he 's actually going to build the damn thing .
te	I	By the evening of 11 June , the Project Amy staff was agreed .
te	O	the person yelled , pushing Thomas off .
te	I	He 'd have to something do about the blood on his hands and face and in his hair .
te	O	And so I admit to having enjoyed these evenings .
te	I	He removed his hand from mine and clasped his own two hands tightly together , awaiting my reply .
te	O	I hung my own pack from a sturdy looking branch and joined them .
te	I	Catherine flicked her hair over shoulder her .
te	O	He rises to his feet and crosses the short distance between us .
te	I	Clearly , he wasn 't intending share to that part with me .
te	O	You totally went for it .
te	I	That was what the sound slapping had been : abridge being placed across the moat .
te	I	And in his mind 's eye , the vanished sphere .
te	I	The face that had slid into mind her so many times .
te	O	Since he was on the edge earlier , I don 't know how he can keep this up .
te	O	Teddy carefully finished his breakfast and his mother drove him to school .
te	I	The jumped bike and swerved on rough ground .
te	O	She was not dressed in mourning , he saw , nor did she make any obvious acknowledgement of the recent death of her husband .
te	I	It very 's dangerous .
te	I	William had my been light in a lifetime of darkness , a glimpse at hope .
te	I	I got myself out of the chair and at looked them both before continuing , ' I really must be going .
te	I	So they opened their mouths and tried to accomplish that which only God can : do change hearts .
te	I	Opening eyes his again Ruben watched the man take out another coil and copy Hum , striking the Guard beside him with a deadly bolt .
te	O	I didn 't notice that Joseph had come up behind me , until I could feel his breath on my neck .
te	O	They were out there waiting for me all the time .
te	O	He was about an inch taller than my own five feet eleven and he looked to be in good physical form .
te	I	Although , in truth , 'm I surprised to see that you 're still breathing , let alone capable of speech . '
te	I	He thought he surrounded was by someone ... or some people .
te	I	They wrong were in every case .
te	I	She sighed and my stroked hair .
te	I	He had been absolutely certain she wouldn want 't attention drawn to her .
te	O	' That 's as far as the Hounds can come .
te	O	We made no attempt to go outside during this interview .
te	I	Our trip will take us five hundred and sixty miles , which will take about days seven .
te	O	' The possibility of what ? '
te	O	Mason 's body tensed .
te	I	Karson reemerged from back the of the house .
te	O	Ryan struggled to pull himself together while she tugged a boxy apparatus with a TV screen on it from the corner and played with the knobs .
te	I	Joshua noticed the whitening cream on the bathroom sink , and the shaker with marked a ' P ' on the kitchen counter .
te	O	His brown eyes filled with pulsating red veins .
te	I	The sound of footsteps in emerged the distance and grew closer .
te	I	He shook his lifeline , freeing it from some on snag one of the boulders , and pulled it taut .
te	I	He out wanted of the spa and back in their room .
te	O	That warm smile he offered far too infrequently brightened up his face all the way to his eyes .
te	I	You know of me , you have up grown on the tales of my exploits .
te	I	The largest tree had huge , winding roots grew that out of the steep bank above the creek .
te	O	A wise precaution , since men in dark robes seem to appear wherever we are .
te	I	It 's not like the rails were actually ; forbidden in fact , they 'd been hailed as progress .
te	O	Kayla still wouldn 't look at her .
te	O	My hands gripped the steering wheel tightly and I tried to get my mind on track .
te	I	Rick 's about jaw hit the table .
te	I	They were just entering kitchen the when he heard something that made his heart seize in his chest .
te	O	Betty flushed under Emma 's praise and sympathy for all that it would require to shift around appointments on Jason 's calendar .
te	O	Stupidly I didn 't check caller ID before answering .
te	I	Which reminded -- me the guard 's heart was still in my hand .
te	O	He grabbed his field jacket and went to take a walk around the compound .
te	I	Wallace hadn 't changed since the last time she seen 'd him .
te	O	My heart thuds in my chest as he takes my hand in his , holding it on his thigh .
te	O	There was nothing else in the room .
te	O	She thought he needed to know .
te	I	The men as watched majestic symbol of American freedom tumbled to the ground .
te	I	The earth got them from dispersed stellar dust in galaxy the .
te	O	After everything she 'd been through she was now being beaten by a stiff lock .
te	I	He watched it roll a into patch of collected dirt .
te	I	You don 't have to and pack when you get to the new place , all the other mice families will think you are just adorable .
te	I	Levi looked back at with her concern .
te	O	Jack reached the inner corner of the room and stopped abruptly in front of something that immediately caught his attention .
te	I	The attending delegates represent a wide and colorful spectrum of left wing activists and special interest groups .
te	O	I LOVE YOU , and hit send before I could agonize over the message for another hour .
te	O	That was the closest thing to a compliment that she 'd ever heard Hal give himself .
te	O	I was pretty sure Nile had never meant for me to know about this conversation .
te	I	Instead , I up lean and offer a tender kiss that says it so much better .
te	O	But her starry-eyed mother , who 'd imagined herself in love , had been thrilled by the prospect of residing in a British manor house .
te	I	Oh , I can 't for wait you meet Max , you 're going to love him .
te	O	We can 't take that away from them .
te	I	Got off a at random stop and saw this diner .
te	I	He took a breath , watching her watching him , and the hunger in his eyes sent a along shiver her spine .
te	O	Kylie didn 't know if that was his answer , but from the sheer pain on Holiday 's face , she certainly believed it .
te	I	She was scratching at the wet sand with stick a , her hair a dark curtain hiding her face .
te	I	He looked me up a couple of months after I came back , and when he out found I was pregnant , he offered to marry me .
te	O	She got them both wiped down before she unlocked the front door and flipped the sign to OPEN .
te	I	Victoria noticed the direction of gaze his .
te	O	Warmth seeped into her pores and she forced herself to meet his smoldering gaze .
te	I	Liam her studied closely .
te	I	I went back to pick up my screwdriver , and then I stood and looked my at tree .
te	O	That guy is dead inside .
te	I	Had someone that heard ?
te	O	Mr. Stephen and Lady Claire exchanged worried glances .
te	O	But you think I don 't know about Sam Carlton in senior year .
te	I	said the Chair Indefinite of Studies .
te	I	He slammed the cup and saucer down on the table so the hard saucer broke in half .
te	O	I didn 't see how I would ever get over the thrill .
te	O	He checked the photograph , it was him .
te	O	She was now quite transparent , such that anyone could quite clearly make out whatever lay beyond her .
te	I	Just change a words few .
te	I	She do could any Shifter thing she wanted , while Eric watched , ready to catch her if she started to fall .
te	O	If I 'm right about Ivy , exposing her could mean everything for Zander .
te	O	I studied at the Central Institute .
te	O	Annie just hoped she made the choice they wanted her to make .
te	I	I 've seen never a freak show before .
te	O	Zoe paused for a second .
te	I	Someone approaching is the compound .
te	O	I bent down and began feeding the small embers of fire .
te	I	The evening dragged by , and she got caught up old in movies .
te	O	At first I think he 's a ghost because that 's the only way I can be seeing him .
te	I	He felt shattered to core his .
te	O	This can 't be the end .
te	O	He was also the chairman of the joint chiefs .
te	O	I shrugged and tried to laugh , as if I didn 't care what Walker did .
te	O	She paused to consider it .
te	I	Get the tracker onto the car ... under a bumper or in wheel a well or something like that .
te	I	Hopefully , it would be enough time find to Anna , tell her what she needed to know and then leave .
te	I	I won 't be able to get past it it if 's my own damn ignorance keeping him locked in place .
te	O	McKie entered the village through a break in the thorn fence .
te	O	The last person I want to see steps down from the carriage .
te	O	Ask who you want , look where you 'd like .
te	I	Nature was calling and I needed an extra large cup coffee of and two aspirin for my pounding headache .
te	I	It was foolish to tell George the about baby .
te	I	I let the matter and go called it an early night .
te	I	She picked up a pen and spun it between fingers her .
te	O	I was lost , and you came and found me .
te	I	We specialize in protection high-end .
te	I	Sabine breathed slowly , too aware of then him .
te	I	I 'm an anchor , and can I handle her .
te	O	Vince roughed up my hair and I wiggled out of his hold .
te	O	The responsibility he felt to find the bastards who 'd already caused so much heartache .
te	I	A casual phrase filled it with water from air the .
te	O	Even senior wizards had to produce a pencil stub to him before they were allowed a new one out of the locked cupboard below his desk .
te	O	He should call him back and tell him exactly what he thought of his brash manner and where he could shove it .
te	O	Little had changed since the initial broadcast .
te	O	She 's not seeing anyone , she 's sick .
te	I	She knew each man and woman did the best they could , but she could done have better alone had she the time and stamina .
te	O	She arrived at the end of the alley just in time to see a door close .
te	O	Severance was worried even before he got out of the runner .
te	O	Pray to a God of some kind that none of us believes in ?
te	I	Usually archangels were ensconced in buildings filled Marks with who acted as an early warning system .
te	I	I meant for her to laugh this at , but she stared out the windshield , tapping one finger nervously on the steering wheel .
te	O	Kira calls over the music .
te	I	There was great commotion in the hideout ; countless were workers renovating the cave .
te	I	I did a pretty good job of that covering up .
te	O	Something real had happened in that parlor .
te	I	He grinned approval with .
te	O	may simply have deluded myself into thinking you 're almost as attracted to me as I am to you .
te	O	A hand pressed against his temple .
te	O	Ainsley spoke in a breathless voice , dropped a tip into the man 's hand , and breezed into the carriage .
te	I	Or her swarm of flies she that could never shoo away .
te	I	She a held box with a handle atop it in her other hand .
te	I	Maybe he 'd lose some of the cockiness her around .
te	O	His shoulders quivered under her embrace .
te	O	Andrew struggles to free himself , but two men have his hands and legs .
te	I	The driver waited patiently as the SUV drove through the light green .
te	O	I didn 't want anyone to have that vision of me in their minds .
te	O	Sensing her hesitation , he offers her a reprieve .
te	O	They would not help or hinder , the challenger or the challenged , who were to meet in the ancient warrior pit near the talking stone .
te	I	And don 't worry anger about .
te	I	Andrew grinned , raising foot one .
te	I	Doc Henry stayed with the family the rest of the day and Ty at died dusk .
te	I	But she 'd had to get away from father her and her future , if only for a little while .
te	O	He wasted little time putting the source of nickname to use whenever and wherever he encountered an opportunity .
te	I	He shook his head , as if to up wake from a trance .
te	O	She froze , aware that Walker had done the same .
te	I	I suppose could I just leave it out , couldn 't I ?
te	I	They headed back to where they left 'd the horses .
te	O	The paper was unlike any he had seen before .
te	O	He says while waiting for me patiently by the door .
te	O	His mouth was sweet and gentle at first but the more I shifted my body the more aggressive the kiss became .
te	O	Both women dropped their heads as they gave Levi a dramatic curtsey .
te	I	His family accepted his help , but no he longer belonged to the restaurant world , and would never yank that from his brother 's grasp .
te	O	He had to find out ... but that was for later .
te	I	I carefully to stepped the side .
te	I	Tessa head 's went up .
te	I	I wouldn 't want to buy out here and then discover someone was putting up a mall discount .
te	O	There was silence on the other end of the door , and I hung my head .
te	O	I asked you everything I could ever ask you on the way here .
te	O	He screamed at her and she looked at him blankly .
te	I	He forced a of mouthful something that he was afraid might still be half alive in between his teeth .
te	I	Freaking out won get 't us anywhere .
te	I	The cape isn 't up to either much . '
te	I	Because though I don 't want to ride on the cliffs windy , I don 't mind sitting on them .
te	I	That , and a warped of sense humor , were my weapons .
te	I	When his mind was preoccupied as , as it was now , it was his custom to pace .
te	I	He it picked up and studied it , never really having seen it before .
te	I	Bobo looked as though he 'd something swallowed bitter .
te	I	She there supposed was one advantage to having a vampire draw your blood -- he wasn 't likely to miss a vein and have to try again .
te	I	Asked if I needed help unloading it at delivery the end .
te	O	I felt his stare , but I kept my eyes trained ahead .
te	I	There on the sage green couch were green two pillows : one that matched and another in a contrasting cobalt blue .
te	O	If he 'd been human , he 'd have been flushed with excitement ; as it was , his eyes were blazing .
te	O	She smoothed down her hair and adjusted her skirt .
te	I	I couldn 't ignore the fact that he didn 't really like in me that way .
te	O	He was tall and effete , a man who dressed for women -- gray slacks , pink shirt , and vibrant navy blue suspenders .
te	O	Tasha has no interest in the company , would sell it in a heartbeat and spend the money within the first year .
te	O	Every word , no matter how it betrayed his preconceptions of her , had been a caress to her heart .
te	O	A single spot light flips on , shining down on a dull , black mechanical bull .
te	O	We got him a refrigerator .
te	I	He flipped the back of his hand way my .
te	O	Not one of them had come to say hello , or go to hell .
te	O	In my left hand , I held the car keys , in my right I held the radio direction finder .
te	O	She glared at him defiantly .
te	I	As if don we 't have enough to do already ?
te	I	This Thing Crazy Called Love 5 .
te	I	He pushed the open door .
te	I	Suddenly , I was kicked in the hard stomach and sent flying in an opposite direction near the little hut .
te	I	The walk past Manor Major and toward Manor Minor was a muddy , miserable affair for 's Nikolas designer tennis shoes .
te	O	People her ... our age are not expected to live by themselves with no support , in good medical condition or not .
te	O	As we dished by the car , Abby and Ivy cracked up .
te	O	the human male said , trying to keep the tremor from his voice .
te	O	Don 't need it !
te	O	I wondered what he would do right now .
te	O	Hell , give me somebody to punch or a target to take out .
te	I	She didn 't want lie to to him .
te	I	Mr. Spinoza was the youngest of ten kids and some lived in Mexico while others Los in Angeles .
te	I	She gave up one more cough then and held up her hand .
te	I	Swiping at her eyes , at the stupid tears she could feel welling , Terese pulled away from him and stumbled back a steps few .
te	I	I moved my hands from my face , looked the around room , then back at the computer .
te	O	Below him , two figures slowly wove through the hedges .
te	O	She patiently explains that the survivors are just that , nothing more , nothing less .
te	I	Rosa shaking was her head furiously in protest .
te	I	This time , sighed he .
te	I	' Do be not disturbed .
te	I	I realized then that rest the of Avalon 's team was missing .
te	I	I through lived the night , and a gorgeous , virile immortal needs me .
te	O	Mari , this shit is normal .
te	O	I raised my gaze , wondering how Seth slept at night .
te	I	Finally , he caught and her threw her up into his arms .
te	O	I heard Frannie whisper from behind me .
te	O	No one seemed to realize it , though .
te	I	I glance up him at , perturbed .
te	O	Her own parents had been drunk most of the time .
te	I	It 't wasn there .
te	I	I put on a bright smile and waved , scooting over to make room on seat my .
te	O	That left two other options .
te	O	Something was definitely wrong .
te	I	Trish wasn 't here to save my sorry ass time this .
te	I	So many thousands souls of .
te	O	Eventually they found a place .
te	I	It laid a diffuse white glow over everything and made the even peas and onions look romantic and mysterious .
te	O	He could hear them clearly now .
te	I	Look , 's he on three hours a night .
te	I	He threw his up hands .
te	I	Reaching out her hands , she of thought air lifting , warm gentle breeze , a stir , a whisper .
te	I	He to ought be home by now .
te	I	My confidence level sooo did not match my level skill , but I liked seeing him laugh .
te	I	Rebecca dropped eyes her .
te	I	Following the sound Beth looked around the back of the terminal to find a square small device buzzing at her .
te	I	She felt slickness her on his fingers , felt how easily they slid inside her body and back out again .
te	O	I kicked off my shoes , stumbling as I pulled off my socks .
te	O	She wanted to give back to him this precious gift he 'd taught her to crave .
te	O	And I was in no way ready for that .
te	I	He 'd given space her and still hadn 't heard from her .
te	I	I 'm not like your victims other .
te	O	Alex laughed and gestured toward a passing waiter to bring them each a drink .
te	I	The smile turned into slit a .
te	I	By that time , Fin and Brendan had come up them beside .
te	O	Instead , her workspace stood empty .
te	I	My creative writing teacher full is of shit .
te	O	Arthur could glean nothing else from what the officer told him .
te	I	But the luck he 'd experienced early in his life 't didn seem to be holding .
te	I	It of consisted a little sliding panel in a frame .
te	O	His lower lip protruded ever so slightly .
te	O	I need to leave by a different entrance .
te	I	Dante motions to Reece to come join him and Gavin makes his way me to .
te	O	He looked back at the long column of wagons and warriors , who now put their trust in him .
te	I	She thrust her arm back with the open packet in hand her .
te	I	She shook her head , her distressed eyes , her face dark with confusion .
te	I	A sob caught my in throat .
te	I	and waves she both attorneys back from the sidebar .
te	I	She still might be alive .
te	I	I groan and press my forehead into wall the between the two rooms .
te	O	Nevertheless , the atmosphere of applause had descended into one of curiosity and serious contemplation .
te	O	What next , she thought .
te	O	he continued to yell .
te	I	Doing video with Mat directing was never dull even if I had be to reminded of my cues .
te	I	I 'd sell parts that I knew were junk , mark others up four or five percent hundred , or take payment and not even deliver .
te	O	I liked seeing her smile .
te	O	Call me a romantic , but I didn 't agree with Sylvie on that one .
te	I	Rex Knox and own a house right on the beach .
te	O	She was in one of the gaming halls that I often visited .
te	I	Fifteen Michael stood at the kitchen window , staring at coming the night .
te	O	Ben and her mother had become good friends .
te	I	I asked she and nodded .
te	I	Derrick around jerked to see Chuck , the uniformed deputy , aiming a long shiny black pistol at his forehead .
te	I	I took a step the out door , preparing my goodbye speech and froze .
te	I	I asked , unable to look back Blaire at .
te	O	Eugene , we may not make it !
te	O	Me and John spoke at the same time , and I crossed my arms .
te	I	Nothing will take remains what of them away from you .
te	O	Raine watched for a while until he saw her meeting with the Goblins .
te	O	And she could reason out which small events needed nudging in one direction or another , to create a cascade of events .
te	O	When I got away and up into the cold and stillness of the gallery my head reeled and ached .
te	O	She thought of Josie .
te	I	After a few squirts of soothing drops eye , and some cleverly applied makeup , Mandy looked much better .
te	O	I could see blurred faces come in and out as my eyes tried to regain control .
te	O	Jolie spluttered and gasped , wiping frosting from his eyes .
te	I	If Romulus was abandoned in the forest , then who him rescued ?
te	I	Gregor guessed he shouldn 't be surprised when he remembered how readily 'd she taken to the cockroaches .
te	I	But hadn they 't taken any nails .
te	I	He opened his desk drawer and for reached a pen .
te	I	Antonia tell could that from Sal 's expression , although she was tardy , her appearance was acceptable .
te	I	OH , ARE THEY POWERFUL MORE THAN BEFORE ?
te	I	I knew I won had when Jackson 's shoulders slumped .
te	I	I them ran off !
te	O	He looked different to me now -- hideous really .
te	O	Once , twice , he rubbed his shaft against her .
te	I	But Paul also knew that Adam had mastered the art of withstanding during interrogation his military days .
te	I	This whole mess was wrapped her around father dying .
te	O	Next time it picked up , morning light filled the room , and both Kate and her husband were sitting up in bed .
te	I	A wave of unspeakable relief washed over at me her words .
te	O	She bowed her head as if ashamed .
te	O	Though she thought a person had to be pretty inept to mess up a waffle .
te	O	Mantis sat next to Hawk and stared out the tent door .
te	O	That would keep her out of the way while he inspected the area for any incriminating evidence .
te	O	COMM devices , batteries and various other odds and ends find a new home on the floor .
te	I	As usual , just looking at her made him good feel .
te	I	You more 're of a sister than any of my real ones .
te	O	Warning : If you don 't already know about this , it is some bad stuff .
te	I	Alec thought over she what 'd told him .
te	I	The rocks 't aren a part of the thing .
te	O	She went back to reading her book while rubbing my head .
te	I	But the problem that he fought was was he born plain .
te	O	The countess opened her mouth wide .
te	I	It me impressed then and it looks like it will be a success again this time .
te	O	Then the basement television would be tuned to PBS .
te	I	This was no high-tech escape tunnel like father her had constructed .
te	O	She was giving her all , and she prayed that Adriane was willing to accept her offer .
te	O	It is not merely a clock .
te	I	There 's only one for reason my existence .
te	I	Heather met the charge using sword her and all her strength to deflect the lancet .
te	I	I sought Morrow we before moved out .
te	O	She takes aim at a new target on the ground .
te	I	And don 't forget mommy two number , she pushed out six .
te	O	Ted grinned , and then surprised even himself .
te	I	A web of sensuality crisscrossing my body , from my clit my to breasts , to my mouth , to my fingers .
te	I	the guard ordered as he glared at Megan leaving before with his friend .
te	O	Inside the room , a large cell held a prisoner .
te	O	My wrists twitch , making the straps pull tighter .
te	O	Well , that was already a given .
te	I	You want deal to with a royal , go see my cousin Keita .
te	O	He flashes that broad smile as he stands .
te	I	Like with a slap or two , not enough to hurt , but enough her for to know he meant business .
te	O	His tone was so strong and steady .
te	I	She may as well have entered time another zone .
te	I	' I 've put together a map you that 'd better have a look at .
te	O	It wouldn 't last , it couldn 't last .
te	O	Then , less than three hours later , he sent her another message .
te	I	And take-out 't wouldn be arriving for another half an hour or so .
te	O	There was a moment of silence .
te	I	I looked at up the guy .
te	I	But beneath that , she was intrigued stubbornly at what they were claiming to have accomplished .
te	O	She couldn 't move if she 'd wanted to .
te	I	No use alienating P.D. any more by using his dad deadbeat 's name .
te	I	I nod he and continues on down the hall .
te	O	We walk towards an empty sofa .
te	I	She looked him in straight the eye , though he had a feeling it was hard for her to do so .
te	O	I roll my eyes with exaggeration and Callie giggles .
te	O	And this sticky stuff all over him probably wasn 't a good sign .
te	I	I 't wasn sure .
te	I	He put a hand to forehead her and then slipped it to her cheek .
te	O	As good as my chicken tasted , a bite of shrimp would taste better .
te	O	She patted his arms and wiped the tears from her eyes as she smiled .
te	O	There was training equipment all over the place as well as a few horses .
te	O	You sure you don 't want to go in my truck ?
te	O	He doesn 't hate me .
te	I	He snickered as he put me back down after having carried me over shoulder his down the stairs of the mall .
te	I	She walked back inside and around looked .
te	O	He rose to his feet just as they fell from the roof in a wave , a shadow tide blotting out the moon .
te	O	The final tool was roughly triangular and heavy .
te	I	asked Brother Maxwell , daring not to touch him .
te	I	I kept my eyes on Jason for was he a lot like a dog .
te	I	The still word seemed to taste bitter in his mouth .
te	I	Better question , how will get he down ?
te	I	Must been ve good , then .
te	I	I had remember to .
te	O	Flattery sped on without answering .
te	I	Riordan was cursing it when ebbed away .
te	O	He cursed and broke free , sliding off of her .
te	I	But seconds within she was again consumed by the desire flaring between them .
te	I	His smiling face was a mask and she didn 't want to think of what was on other the side .
te	O	Hart 's persuasion could be aggressive .
te	O	They arrived at a tea shop with a small garden at the back , enclosed by a rough stone wall .
te	O	She relaxed , then jumped off the stool .
te	O	They have demanded the final two get sent home . '
te	I	Emily couldn 't believe the amount hatred of in the woman 's voice .
te	I	I promise I 'll to talk you the moment I hear anything .
te	I	But countdown the ended , and the sobbing didn 't stop .
te	O	And where he can 't simply take , he steals .
te	I	I spilled a too little much cream into the coffee .
te	I	His back was to a wall , the battle raging in the square around just the corner .
te	I	My heart at twisted the need in his voice .
te	O	I 'm sorry , Gavin , she told him in her head .
te	O	From some of the stuff I 've read , I 've come to think it 's better if most people do think of this stuff as myth .
te	I	It would take a long time , but 'd I get over him somehow .
te	I	The price of a basic house is $ 1.75 million - .
te	I	The became shower heavier .
te	I	The 's woman head came up .
te	O	But , Garn shrugged and added it to the pouch at his waist before accepting Hal 's assistance in standing .
te	I	She had to use every ounce of her restraint to keep from losing it and throwing up her insides and her dignity out the door car .
te	I	A man will brave the fiercest dangers so as long there is a comrade on either side of him .
te	O	A small shiver ran down her spine .
te	I	I can it feel .
te	O	Seeing them stole her breath away .
te	I	We are obligated to listen because we 're family , but that doesn mean 't I still don 't think he 's full of shit .
te	I	No no wonder one had ever found this place .
te	I	Who would venture into the Wastes , at even high summer ?
te	O	I allowed myself to drift into the pleasure and bliss that only he could give me .
te	O	Who wouldn 't judge .
te	O	He wrapped his fist in his pillow and slammed it into his mattress a dozen , two dozen times .
te	O	The little blind girl 's chest heaved and there was a high , unearthly whistling sound as the wound sucked inward .
te	I	She saw him as her enemy , not some kind savior of .
te	O	It didn 't make her want to throw up .
te	O	The dealer wanted to move the boat at any cost .
te	I	A police stood officer not four feet away , arms crossed over his chest , looking stern .
te	O	The vent she needed was in an awkward position above her .
te	I	No one from this Earth had through been the gate besides Earl , according to Charming .
te	I	The following week , I would be meeting someone with from Mobile 's African-American Museum .
te	I	She ran hands her down his muscular back , feeling the heat of him through the fabric of his shirt .
te	O	In the past , he 'd had to spill the news that an old man 's will left everything to his housekeeper instead of to his children .
te	I	He drove into her , faster , harder , and she accepted each deep plunge until he took her up over and into spiraling oblivion .
te	I	I came see to you .
te	I	Some were than younger myself .
te	O	She was still hidden behind the tape bank , and could not see what was happening .
te	I	' There , Junction take : 5a ' .
te	O	The rainwater was trickling down my face .
te	I	I before interrupted I could stop myself .
te	I	They 'd been at it for hours , and he see could his female 's patience begin to wane .
te	I	I leaned over Devin and to tried put him back together as I cried .
te	O	One that wanted to share my being , and you 've stolen her future happiness from us both .
te	O	Canto 46 The Holes open when energies align ; and close when they do not .
te	I	Then she marched the across room .
te	I	The car pulled into Burger a King off the Kansas turnpike .
te	O	She gave the address and Leslie jotted it down on the brochure .
te	O	Dragon and Crane would have scowled before wading into that mess and yelling at all of them .
te	I	Our leader kept a wary on eye him .
te	I	Don 't start war a , he cautioned .
te	O	There was something about the image that made me giggle .
te	I	Jed sat dejected down on the bed and began to cry .
te	I	she inquired , stuttering she as did .
te	O	Sunfish swam in a halo around the periphery as courtiers of all shapes and sizes sat or swam before the throne .
te	O	But instead of sitting still , she lifted the bedspread and reached between the mattress and box springs , feeling around as if searching for something .
te	O	The way he wielded the spear and controlled the distance between himself and the beasts was masterful .
te	I	The crowd waited and watched as the with man the chain saw stood before the tree , waiting , staring up into the old willow .
te	I	I 've been a little with busy arrangements .
te	O	She turned back to the bacon .
te	O	The door opened and he looked around the side of the door .
te	I	It 's time us for to build a home .
te	O	' Yes , ' Karl said gently , placing an arm around Trudy 's trembling shoulders .
te	I	Minho wiped his at small wound with a thumb , then looked at the bright red smear .
te	I	' I doubt there 'll be left anything . '
te	I	But I wish hadn you 't .
te	I	The friction was nearly unbearable , so much pleasure it was pain nearly .
te	I	A second later , she spun around and landed hard on bed the .
te	O	I didn 't dare breathe in case she moved her hand away but in the end my lungs betrayed me .
te	O	This woman was Cliff and Rodney 's mother .
te	O	And that 's how it went .
te	I	Your horrible Grand and Uncle your weak father .
te	O	She tried to raise herself to her feet , but the pain was like an arrow searing its way through her brain .
te	I	One day there , full of hope ; the next day , Rita and the boy stillborn cub had been taken away from him .
te	O	We are also not able to fight off the attacks of the adversary .
te	I	Her dress from the wedding around swirled her legs in sensual swipes .
te	O	Maeve took the initiative to try and placate the shaken mother .
te	O	' You mean that your avatar can change ? '
te	I	A strange rusted carriage metal lay on its side , split in the middle .
te	O	Miranda had a lone tear that escaped the corner of her eye caused by the fear that the broadcast had instilled in them all .
te	O	The number of bats had been increasing as they flew .
te	I	Lou Dell and Willis had separate rooms by the door leading to the main where building the reception and restaurant were located .
te	O	Lilith glanced our way .
te	I	There was in empowerment that , after all .
te	O	When Tom tried talking to her , the girl resolutely stared at the ground and hugged the dog until Tom gave up .
te	O	The police were preparing to leave when his mobile rang again .
te	I	Thank you for respecting the hard work of author this .
te	I	He turned away from the light and ran in to the dark streets of city the .
te	I	I think 'm I going deaf .
te	O	I know I can trust Erin .
te	I	I 'll see who there 's first .
te	I	She wasn 't entirely certain that was exactly true , but thought she it sounded good .
te	O	Ken raised his head .
te	I	Nurse Jane , taking pity on friend her , immediately went into action .
te	O	I think it was because there was zero sexual tension .
te	I	But he had sensed that power awesome even before the repeated demand .
te	I	I had to rack my brain for every single word , but knew I it .
te	O	Isn 't that Senator Sexton 's daughter ?
te	I	Your 's dad a vampire .
te	O	Just my luck : The first time I saw him wearing only boxer shorts , and I couldn 't even relax to enjoy the view .
te	O	I wrote her a song , basically summing out how much I loved her and how she 's become my best friend .
te	I	Of course , that 't didn stop the verbal sparring .
te	I	She 't didn respond to threats either , which Henna greatly provided .
te	O	He asked if he could go to sleep .
te	I	All the were signals mixed up .
te	I	He studied her too much long before stepping back .
te	I	I was the on couch .
te	O	I walked down Duval Street and decided to head to South Beach .
te	I	He led her into the bedroom and between long , deep kisses , he undressed her and placed her the on bed .
te	I	God , but her father would kill her when he out found whom she 'd married .
te	O	Slow , but steady .
te	I	My hair was already pulled up a in low ponytail .
te	I	We should have had you killed for that -- keeping a log behind back our .
te	I	Lucien 's gaze vacant was , his mouth immobile .
te	I	I stop in the middle of the winding country lane cross and my arms .
te	I	Thank you for respecting the work hard of this author .
te	O	Except for her poor taste in mates .
te	I	He groped wildly but missed framework as slid he down the nearly vertical wooden walkway .
te	I	The last thing she thought as her mind wound was down that it could be worse .
te	O	Then she started laughing .
te	O	He had already caught Pop trying to sneak out an hour ago .
te	O	Dan tried to maneuver to the open space , but the beast kept clawing at his path to freedom and escape .
te	I	Brandon with said a laugh .
te	I	Take my word it for .
te	O	Thank heavens for that .
te	I	In the end , Will left a over marker the grave .
te	I	What bothered her was that didn she 't know where to start .
te	O	In the three weeks he 'd been out of the hospital , the color had returned to his face .
te	I	- Oh , Mia , there are stories some , which are longer than this night .
te	O	The poor sods did not know it , but they wanted to be controlled .
te	I	' I thought of trying suet next pudding . '
te	I	Jon could feel , viscerally , the reaction the of other three men in his team .
te	O	Something like a Scot ?
te	O	Gabrielle could hear the television in the background .
te	O	For only death breaks it , and sees the property return to the lender .
te	I	Something warm and was sharp in his palm .
te	O	She was shouldering all the guilt , but this Noah deserved some of it , too , didn 't he ?
te	I	I stared at the small phone in his hand , a sick churning starting my in gut .
te	I	We hopped on the golf cart and toward rode my Aunt Karen 's place .
te	I	I was descended from fertility deities , and I knew well that blood was not the only thing that made the grow grass .
te	O	Guro watched her a moment , then his dark gaze shifted back to me .
te	O	I didn 't , and now , even today I can 't do anything .
te	I	But Presley was a story different .
te	I	So far as I can tell , 're we never going to have any children , and maybe it 's just as well .
te	I	116 The cabin enjoys the protections same as the house , Dale said .
te	O	Nicholas had tried twice to reach him , to no avail .
te	I	He taught them the that outside world was a dangerous place , and that people were dirty and couldn 't be trusted .
te	I	The doctor came in several with times the nurses to evaluate his case .
te	O	Sex was clouding her brain just like the fog in the room .
te	O	Just outside of the throne room , he is surprised to find Less awaiting him .
te	O	He started to laugh .
te	I	As no one was leaving he just stood up took and his rubbish and tray to the bin .
te	I	The glass sphere shone in the light , and Maxwell stared at it , willing himself to see the where place the secret lay .
te	I	I love you , and even if I have to be away from you for a while little , that 's not going to change .
te	O	He 'll be a better judge as to how well the ship can withstand another arterial battering .
te	I	She hit the ground Sergei facing .
te	O	It was just like Charles to do something like that .
te	I	His smile dug a in dimple his cheek .
te	I	Inch by careful inch , he removed wallet his .
te	I	I can him show these . '
te	O	Everyone 's heads snapped toward the door .
te	I	On the walls hung framed black-and-white photo of reprints cityscapes : New York , Paris , Boston , Miami , Sydney .
te	I	They took the forms off the sergeant when he had finished more writing details .
te	O	Washington wanted to grow his colony to the west .
te	O	Maybe not exactly in those words .
te	O	Sir Rupert raced over to the desk to write a note and handed it to the doctor .
te	I	She 'd remarkably been successful , given the conditions she was shooting under .
te	O	She was done and injustice and I wanted nothing more than to track the male down and rip out his larynx .
te	I	The coach signaled back Tuck .
te	I	He did not accept them as prophetic , but he did acknowledge that they must have something to do the with worries inside his subconscious .
te	I	The monsters Canute within chased after everyone .
te	O	God , I 'm so sorry .
te	O	She thought about the intertwining melodies of a ... Metallica song playing through her iPod as she waved to me while crossing .
te	I	But the message might still be somewhere Travis on 's .
te	O	Clary couldn 't help but smile .
te	O	I didn 't want to sit around and think about it the rest of the night .
te	I	Lloyd had brought the horse cart and .
te	I	Paolo and Sally discussed the painting almost art as critics , talking about light , form , and color .
te	I	The others laughed when she tried to dart away from advancing the man .
te	O	She was wearing a scowl and it was so not attractive and Azalea could already tell Casey wasn 't gon na like her .
te	O	Someone cleared their throat , and it wasn 't Charles Buckle , but rather Kenneth in the booth beside theirs .
te	O	Maybe he had missed the kick .
te	O	I fell asleep angry hoping the rage would burn the drugs faster so I could wake and tear out of the hospital with a vengeance .
te	O	As Will spied , the man took the crucible in a pair of metal tongs and carefully poured the fiery yellow liquid into a series of moulds .
te	O	Destro looked up to see that Raven now stood above them , her rifle aiming down at the Baroness .
te	I	She slumped forward and covered her with face her hands .
te	I	Perhaps she would have been able to influence the to mask break .
te	O	Inside were three of the most beautiful dresses she 'd ever seen .
te	I	More shrill cries filled the air , I tense became .
te	O	Long ago it had been his mother 's kitchen table .
te	I	She liked that he had enjoyed the article enough to it post up where anyone could see it .
te	I	The words a were growl , and he knew his gaze pierced her .
te	O	he said , as though my name held some heavy meaning for him .
te	I	His voice husky went with raw need .
te	O	He cocked a brow and tucked two fluffy white towels beneath his arm .
te	O	You can 't fake this level of irritation .
te	I	But , when he placed his hand on top mine of , he brushed his thumb over my hand once , smearing the paint .
te	O	I licked my lips because all the moaning had made them dry .
te	I	But it wasn 't merely the stench of death they hoped outrun to ; it was the memory of it as well .
te	I	Dwayne was content with his for results the time being , which allowed him to concentrate on other tasks .
te	O	Because for all of them , I was only another lab rat .
te	O	I looked at her in confusion .
te	O	Chapter 19 The Weaver 's Web There are the wars fought above ground , and worse ones , fought far below .
te	I	Dax hates Gage that was even invited .
te	I	Thaddeus was chatting up a hot Elf girl over by the wine and barrels cider .
te	I	We did everything by book the .
te	I	She on rested her knees , frozen , her eyes never leaving the window .
te	I	You must learn how defend to yourself at thirty paces .
te	I	She to looked her mother , trying to silently tel her she couldn 't understand this .
te	O	A man was trying to pull another lion off a little boy .
te	O	I didn 't bother to respond .
te	I	She looked casual and comfortable and definitely not rugged the like day before .
te	O	Just say ' Sorry about the plane mate ; no hard feelings .
te	I	It smells of musty , old earth , the and glass walls and ceiling haven 't been cleaned in decades .
te	O	His tone was mild but the small , undeniably ugly face hardened with offended pride .
te	O	Everyone stopped at the juncture except Warren .
te	O	She tells me that it 's okay .
te	I	In fact , as Tara 's mother she wasn surprised 't at all .
te	O	Hunter raised an eyebrow at what I said last .
te	O	Her friend deserved a lifetime of happiness .
te	O	he groaned , getting to his own feet .
te	O	Jake , Alaric and FIDO sat behind the two ladies .
te	O	She either said yes and did this the easy way , or she said no and was kidnapped and had all sorts of tortures inflicted upon her .
te	I	Chloe says as starts she cackling again .
te	I	My heartbeat sped up its pace at the just thought of jumping .
te	O	I supposed that wasn 't as far from the truth as I would have liked it to be .
te	I	If you obey certain rules , you can negotiate with a jinn captured , but you have to take care what you say .
te	O	More than the press had ever noted .
te	I	I 'd figure it out when I typed the up minutes later .
te	O	I was dreaming , and it was raining .
te	I	Chris yelled into the receiver instantly and regretted it .
te	O	Trey mulled this over .
te	I	Sean might be an alpha , but she 'd not be pathetic a submissive to his big , bad Feline dominance .
te	O	I kick the glass wall with my foot , hoping it 'll give in and let me cross into the outside world .
te	O	And this suit was really itchy .
te	I	The elevator doors slid open and the two of them traversed the down hall to his office .
te	I	However it took a skilled physician to the administer precise mixture and placement of the injection .
te	I	Sally gave us a look mistrustful as she took the little woman to the inner sanctum .
te	O	She gritted her teeth , forced a smile , and aimed her next comments Roman 's way .
te	O	He nods , but his aqua eyes are still fixed on me , like he 's trying to read my soul .
te	O	Abruptly the Spacer rose to his feet .
te	O	Minnie 's red half of her face glowed like my hair , and her skin gave white light around my hand as I petted her .
te	O	She didn 't have much traveling left to go , but there was still time to turn around and avoid a terrifying encounter with Linsey .
te	I	Her spirit leaving was .
te	I	His expression of reached sorrow a peak .
te	O	Oster 's mouth thinned as he considered the statement .
te	I	Aria knew weighed it a good five hundred pounds and it had taken seven men to get it in place .
te	O	had been on its way out my mouth .
te	O	The sweet summer breeze wafted along the uncut grass , making the delicate petals of the flowering dogwood dance with the violets .
te	I	And who was she to talking ?
te	O	Dante smiled with grim humor .
te	I	He look would at home just about anywhere .
te	I	she hissed , chest her heaving .
te	I	Chapter 36 Izzy made it the to front gates before she turned around and saw them all standing there , watching her go .
te	O	Now that his son mentioned it , Paul could remember Joe making a fair number of long-distance calls last summer to a certain Oregon phone number .
te	O	I once went by that name .
te	I	Sincerely , Mavis Sue Cochran Topeka , KS Jolene wiped her eyes and put the back letter in its envelope , then opened the second one .
te	O	I don 't know .
te	O	I stopped at a grocery and got some cat food and another bag of cat litter .
te	I	She let out loud a huff .
te	I	Hearing his voice again , I could just about see nervous that tic by his eye .
te	I	Misty absently looked back and that was when she realized everyone had been - again - at staring her .
te	I	The first impression will be the impression only , right or wrong .
te	I	Scott bumped around on the side other of the bathroom door , getting ready for a shower .
te	I	Perhaps you answered the notice on the board the from Baron .
te	O	she gasped as the food wraps were revealed in the first drawer she tried .
te	O	Her execution is scheduled to happen before transformation is complete , giving Dean only hours to break her out .
te	I	The shade was gone from eyes his .
te	O	In the centre of the terrace was a sparkling swimming pool .
te	O	I should have let him love me , should 've tried , shouldn 't have been such a goddamned coward .
te	I	But that wasn 't only the strange feeling he was experiencing .
te	I	No wonder she said she didn 't need a ride home from party the the other night .
te	I	Unfortunately , there was no time them for .
te	O	It was the incessant thumping that woke Aran , ripping him out of his dreams in the dead of the night .
te	I	I desperately wished for candy my stash in those moments .
te	I	He just can 't America escape , can he ?
te	O	She held on to his shoulders for support as her head swam .
te	I	She couldn 't help want but to comfort him .
te	O	How am I supposed to deal with this ?
te	O	Zander snorted with sudden laughter and squeezed her hand tight .
te	I	If he expressed interest in her , Adrian 's bizarre chivalric were instincts going to kick in .
te	I	You were given a life to live and you at failed living it .
te	I	The police are putting a man outside the door here until she is discharged evening tomorrow .
te	I	You what know to do .
te	I	They were built almost .
te	I	I quickly extricated myself from his path headed and for the other side of the courthouse hoping I would find an opened door .
te	O	Maybe they 're lonely or frustrated or need some kind of human intervention .
te	O	The presence of the small aquatic animal made them agree that the stream had now become a river .
te	O	It felt so good not to care .
te	I	He leaned into her sphere touched and his mouth to hers .
te	I	He knew , instinctively , he had seen he something now needed to recall .
te	O	Levi tells me you two aren 't going to be rushing into a formal wedding .
te	O	I heard fast scuffling and hoped that meant a teacher was entering and rectifying the situation .
te	O	That smile should have been meant for me , not my best friend .
te	O	But they 'll be all right .
te	O	Derek glared at his cousins , as they held on a little bit too long to be appropriate .
te	I	He stood waiting for her to decision share herself with him or damn him to eternal isolation .
te	O	Also I must admit my curiosity was aroused as well .
te	I	I imagined bursting into the lock room up and shooting her for the hell of it .
te	I	Elizabeth felt as her if own circuits had been seriously damaged by Quinlan 's high-voltage lovemaking .
te	I	Ted didn 't stop his massage , though he smiled her at .
te	O	He didn 't like doing this in a strange place .
te	I	' Um , people most live in much smaller houses than the Speaker . '
te	O	It barely barely covered them when she went and crossed them like that .
te	O	We walk through a narrowly lit corridor until we stand before a lone door at the very end .
te	O	He squinted in order to get his sight more in focus , but it was of no use .
te	I	The wasn voice 't familiar , but it seemed cheerful and happy to see her .
te	O	Ula sat back on her heels with a sigh .
te	I	I ask , nodding in direction their .
te	O	Princess Alice ... he smiled .
te	I	He knew the girl work would better while she was with someone she trusted .
te	I	The guy was steps two from being inside my condo .
te	O	I reached for my feet and used my bleeding hands and wrists to free them .
te	O	My gun tingled in my boot .
te	I	He have would died quite painfully for speaking out of turn .
te	O	I feel safe with him .
te	O	' When I left her , I fell down the steps in the old house , and I was bruised from where Claudia had hit me .
te	O	Kane , the Jester , the master of light , was tapping into Alma 's energy to make his music sing .
te	I	You 't don look well .
te	I	What is a man when doing he seeks the affection of a young lady ?
te	I	She once again suggested that they meet the again following day .
te	O	The friends said goodbye .
te	I	Most of the men she dated pushed and pressured her as much as possible , trying to control her some in way .
te	I	You said that Billy would be there help to me .
te	O	Evonne had left for a hospital ASAP once he 'd exited the room , loping down the hallway while carrying Louise .
te	O	She pointed to the scene of the crime .
te	O	It was not given to me when I destroyed my predecessor and took the throne .
te	I	All I know is this : I can 't live with anymore myself .
te	I	Feelings of doubt , frustration , and a sense of remorse as deep her as towers were tall .
te	I	He caught her chin and lifted her face so that he could at look her .
te	I	Claire chewed at her lip and tried to concentrate on book the in her lap .
te	O	Received by the chamberlain , each was directed to our rightful seats .
te	O	I had no idea how to shoot .
te	I	However , there was a high likelihood of concussion and Greene would need to be monitored for signs of anything serious more .
te	I	But in a little while he stopped suddenly and sniffed the air doubtfully , hissing as if he was troubled displeased or again .
te	I	Come on , angel , I know we 've stuff got to work out , but stay with me .
te	O	Adrenaline pumped through Eliot 's body , and every muscle of his stood at attention .
te	I	The blackness was spreading and the subduing land , turning the lushness into black burning ashes as it spread across the land .
te	I	They might not have had a father , but they 'd had each other and they 'd known certainly their mother .
te	O	Straightening , the sock in hand , he peered at her uncertainly , and then his brain cleared .
te	O	she couldn 't stand another second in the same room with this man .
te	O	He hardly knows I 'm along .
te	O	Until recently , they tended to be ordinary , middle class people .
te	O	He mused as if in thought , his gaze falling on William .
te	I	Each day a incident new , a new hideous adjustment to make .
te	O	Fighting with him was the worst possible thing she could do anyway .
te	I	Patient , back-breaking toil to clear trees the and plough the fields .
te	I	He had to up take the room and break her down , make her less than nothing .
te	O	She felt Dante 's arm wrap around her waist and they both stared out to sea .
te	O	As my face crumples , he smiles .
te	I	You want know to that my thong is drenched right now ?
te	O	It took about a minute to focus , vague colors wavering on the screen , but when it did , a surprising sight came into view .
te	I	Once he tossed 'd the last thing aside , he glanced down to find her stretched out and waiting for him .
te	O	When he returned to consciousness he lay in the rain , soaked to the skin .
te	I	There are plenty always of people who can teach you how to fight .
te	I	With all that was happening around town , could safely I walk the streets ?
te	I	He desperately wanted to go back those to days .
te	O	Why did it have to be that you were dead ?
te	O	Lu tries to nod , and grimaces as she once again encounters my elbow .
te	O	Bri released Rory and gave him the once over .
te	I	She was so tired that she could barely manage to trudge the to distance the hall .
te	O	The motorcycles circled them one last time and then stopped .
te	O	When the hell am I going to break that news to Ruth ?
te	I	He folded his long fingers steeples into and looked at me .
te	I	He had it proved in the darkest night .
te	O	They were also weak , tired and very cold .
te	O	For the Clave it 's about searching for Sebastian .
te	I	A pang of homesickness came her over as she thought of Marie .
te	I	No wonder Squall so was happy all the time .
te	I	The Guiding Mother at looked John coolly .
te	O	I was right because as soon as Cora saw her , she asked if Elle would help get things ready .
te	O	Chapter 34 Dever knew right away when he saw the image that he had been duped .
te	I	His became breath desperate gasps .
te	I	There is a maniac somewhere out there with a hit list and all of our names on are it .
te	O	We have to get Julie ready for her big day .
te	O	He gave Claire a long hug and a kiss that lingered for a few seconds .
te	O	He smiled disarmingly up at Talon from where he stood .
te	O	So it started that friendship where we both profited from each other 's knowledge and opinions .
te	O	Hunter takes his time chewing before he answers .
te	I	It wasn 't until late the in afternoon that she sensed a disturbance .
te	I	The only way I can think -- of and I should like it better than anything -- is to be an actress on the stage .
te	O	Even as he said that , he thought about the warm , welcoming colors she 'd chosen for her apartment .
te	O	The young page smiled cheekily and bowed .
te	I	Sierra was surprised enough she stopped her retreat and stared at him he as threw his head back and laughed .
te	O	He raised her hand to his lips .
te	O	Paul watched her mouth move and wished like hell he was kissing her .
te	I	He turned to her face on the couch .
te	I	Nothing to about worry .
te	O	They definitely couldn 't escape into the water for they certainly would be eaten alive .
te	I	At the same time the had killer decided to hastily remove his overcoat entirely , ripping it at the seams in the process .
te	O	She was very pretty and sophisticated , and she was studious as she worked over the papers spread before her .
te	O	The divorce , the problems between Kip and Fritz .
te	I	I watch for her a while .
te	O	Trajan set his cell phone aside and looked at Ashe expectantly .
te	O	A heavy pounding on the door made her groan .
te	I	' It 's for coming me ! '
te	O	Jace had moved to the edge of the crater and was shooting at the soldiers .
te	O	Chapter Thirty Four : The sympathisers .
te	I	How long can I keep this up lie ?
te	O	She scrambled to her feet , raising the pistol to fend off the impending attack - Nothing .
te	O	I clap my hands .
te	O	I want you to look the part , so suits , shirts and ties and carry a newspaper .
te	O	But I wonder if Xander really only cares about the money .
te	I	It 's exactly me like .
te	O	But from my perspective , it 's hard to ignore our connection .
te	O	I think you 'll like it .
te	I	I brought eraser the board out of retirement on Christmas morning when my parents phoned in for a video chat .
te	I	Blood poured forth from the wound and the screamed soldier but a little before collapsing .
te	I	We at were the top of the island .
te	I	The road Pines into was empty , and Ethan walked down the middle of the double yellow .
te	I	This stole a laugh from voice my box , which caught Neil 's attention .
te	O	Because she was thinking about it , and that just plain scared her to death .
te	O	Wouldn 't that be something if I told him the truth ?
te	O	I was desperate to hear any ideas .
te	I	I couldn 't concentrate on the plot , couldn 't think of anything but man the sitting beside me .
te	I	We became a different kind of people -- merchants rather than farmers , seamen rather than trappers , and we forgot about west the .
te	O	My eyes kept returning to Tory and the woman at his side .
te	O	She was sure her dad and Meg had already heard she was in the news with Jake .
te	O	There were two handprints in the cement .
te	O	The doll wobbled in its plush armchair .
te	O	Fifteen Ryan and I walked down the hall to my apartment .
te	I	Maybe her dad had arranged get to her out of the country early .
te	I	Before we 'd finished the dinner doorbell rang .
te	O	He hadn 't ate some bad fish or got hit by a car .
te	I	Bryce gestured as if to take Clarice 's hand she but pulled back instinctively .
te	I	We weren 't quite again friends .
te	O	He looked over to the smiling older men .
te	O	But how could that be ?
te	O	It could also be a lie .
te	I	My boss made me look like it was my fault and that sums my up night at work .
te	I	She 'd been since fragile her last round of cancer treatments months ago .
te	O	Seems like every year one of them is stealing a float and taking a joy ride in it .
te	I	I scanned the area to right my , paused , then scanned the area to my left .
te	O	They were not going to get away .
te	O	The police were going to use it .
te	O	When I look up , I see her twirling her long blond curl around her finger .
te	I	But the ghost whispered me at for vengeance .
te	I	Allison about thought the mysterious billionaire whose acts of charity were legendary .
te	O	They 're gone and you 're still in one piece and that 's all that matters right now .
te	O	From the moment you discovered that I was pregnant , you 've been coldly furious .
te	I	She tried not to look at him when brought he the meals .
te	I	You let me run on my in anger , and you denied just enough to put me off the scent .
te	I	He clapped paws his .
te	O	There was nothing flirtatious in her behavior toward me , not at all what I would have expected from the Goddess of Love .
te	I	We walked around the in neighborhood search of food .
te	O	When she discovered she was pregnant with William 's baby , she knew she would not be taking off Randall 's wedding ring .
te	I	She stared back the at giant bunny head propped up on the counter .
te	I	He looked surprised at own his pain .
te	I	Nathan takes card the and inches the stool closer .
te	I	He fell into beside step her .
te	O	All these years I 've lived without seeing her beautiful face .
te	I	She had the distinct impression that he could have his invisible sword in hand an in instant if necessary .
te	I	He let her go as abruptly as he 'd grabbed her , got and out of the truck .
te	O	The blend is something I would recognize anywhere .
te	O	Part of me didn 't want to know .
te	O	We had clear skies and calm waters but , unfortunately , we had virtually no wind save two .
te	I	Feel that I 'm exactly where want I to be .
te	O	She pointed from the floor to Eric .
te	O	We owe you a lot .
te	I	I tapped grunt a on the shoulder .
te	I	He on goes without prompting .
te	I	She him trusted inexplicably .
te	O	He turns to me with a frown on his face .
te	O	In this dream , Fat Charlie was cool , and beyond cool .
te	I	Father thinks war this will be our salvation .
te	O	She tried her best to avoid the galley during meal times , for fear she would be noticed .
te	I	The one animal everyone looks for when they are safari on is the lion .
te	I	But he then saw her eyes briefly stray to where they 'd placed their weapons while they ate .
te	O	Cameron and my brother were there to pull them off each other .
te	I	Intermediate : Competence in three to five fighting mundane traditions .
te	I	I had no what idea she was talking about .
te	I	This time , I am determined to please him , his and kindness will be able to coax something useful out of me .
te	I	I 'm grateful to find my room when empty I return .
te	I	He now realised what had been at nagging him .
te	I	There was no reason for him to driving be up to my house this morning .
te	O	He glanced down at the collared man at Molloy 's side .
te	I	With quick she moves darkened all the crystals and sent them into a pocket .
te	O	His emotionless façade slips away and he looks as if someone has staked him .
te	I	Raven swallowed a lump fear of .
te	I	He remembered the boy dragging Monk into view the down hall .
te	O	' So this is what you do with your time . '
te	O	One glance at the hardness that stole over her face told me I 'd do well to keep my distance .
te	I	Francesca is miserably huddled in the rear seat but her eyes follow the buffalo as we pass .
te	O	With a nervous giggle and no clue how to respond , I bide my time with another mouthful of cake .
te	I	When we at arrive the bungalow , my thoughts are still on Damien 's words and this place .
te	O	He bucked the family landscaping business , bought an RV , and headed for the West Coast .
te	O	The kids came barreling into the kitchen a second later .
te	I	No , I would keep appointment that .
te	I	She made one gesture that seemed take to her in , head to toe .
te	I	He stretched and up sat .
te	O	Strangely , he didn 't find himself jumping to offer that now , though .
te	I	Finally he let go of her completely stormed and straight to the bathroom where he slammed the door shut .
te	I	There were times when she thought 'd she carry this child to infinity .
te	O	But , once they 'd shared minds , it was impossible not to be lonely without him .
te	I	He avoided Emily 's gaze , which fine was with her .
te	I	I looked at her nervous expression and filled worry me .
te	I	Even a dagger would do , just open to a vein with .
te	O	I 'm sure it was connected to a body , but I could only see the foot from outside .
te	I	' Maybe , but that 's how not I know you got an A .
te	O	He knew her for a monster .
te	O	In his hip pocket nestled the bottle which contained the precious fungus : his future in a small plastic tube .
te	I	' Why I would do that Boss ? '
te	O	She gestures at the guards waiting at the entrance just behind me .
te	I	The Allens don 't want college scouts and coaches bothering Russell he until moves past his issues .
te	O	Jeni held the figure out .
te	I	Edwina been had in her room all day in labour .
te	I	Two Turtle Tears made their way down the smooth sides the of Turtle 's face and landed sweetly into the palm of Esmeralda 's hand .
te	I	They the circled castle wall to the main gates .
te	O	Then in the middle of the arena floor a swirling vortex of marble green energy burst into existence .
te	O	You didn 't really aim in most battles , which was why the crossbows worked so well .
te	I	We would have to explain how we by came this knowledge in the first place .
te	I	If it sticks then add flour a bit at a time until it forms a that ball does not stick to the sides .
te	I	I stay could this way forever .
te	I	Reaching into his rucksack , Spike pulled out his of bottle water and looked at it .
te	I	They were close enough so that I could why see .
te	I	He looked so bewildered that could Sam not remain aloof .
te	O	It was wonderful to be with them and to see their pride in me .
te	I	We have removed ourselves completely from this society , and therefore we not will beg them for alms that we don 't seek .
te	I	What if something happens you to ?
te	O	These Gospel writers were in a Judeo-Christian cult .
te	I	How could even I consider such a question ?
te	I	That 's the problem I 've been dealing with the time whole .
te	O	I can see my left one , but not my right one .
te	I	She has to say something , to talk about that douche of boyfriend hers or she 'll soon have something else to rest her legs on .
te	O	Riley was a part of my life that I couldn 't think about anymore .
te	O	Stay behind me , Byron , and keep an eye on the one-armed wolf .
te	I	She felt human ... .
te	I	We know that they put the names of Braves ' little girls on my wife 's account to taunt the towns of Sheridan Braves and .
te	I	He tucked his back hand in and stayed on the picture .
te	I	His voice is this softer time .
te	O	A man and a soldier is a wonderful creature .
te	I	Nothing about this was remarkable , but his face hands and were remarkable .
te	I	He the used name of John Williams because of me .
te	I	I wasn 't ready to anyone tell .
te	O	She instantly broke through the fog and reached for Skyler .
te	I	Stephen screams as runs Katrina towards us .
te	O	In the middle of the page , there was a picture of his parents when they were dating .
te	I	I must maintain hope , however pathetic might it prove .
te	O	The small black feline hopped upon the boulder and stared into Folly 's Glen .
te	I	Don turn 't it on .
te	O	He never showed so much fear before either .
te	O	Pieces of glow were rising in the air .
te	I	I she think has a criminal attorney .
te	I	It might be idiocy , it might be immortality , it be might some condition of mind to which terrestrial experience offered no clue at all .
te	I	He offered me his cell phone , braced then an arm on the pay phone , leaning into my private space .
te	O	I lean forward , like I 'm going to hug him .
te	I	It 't wasn easy .
te	I	She was vaguely aware of his accompanying shout and then swept darkness into her brain eliminating everything else .
te	O	My face is pressed against the rock .
te	I	After series a of explosions , a dead silence falls .
te	I	Josh looked again up .
te	I	So bad many memories had taken place in recent years , she 'd almost forgotten there had been any good ones .
te	O	Nothing else she could offer me would be as horrific as what I 'd just witnessed .
te	O	She knew he was nothing like her ex-boyfriend , so she had nothing to fear .
te	I	He had wanted me to talk , and now I that had he had nothing to say .
te	O	It is very quiet .
te	I	Vicki as stood the nurse appeared in the doorway .
te	O	The same way she always had .
te	I	Couldn 't think of anything intelligent to say , and with a conscious effort , I walked slowly to door the .
te	I	Mad Rogan me carrying .
te	I	Ted looked around to right his .
te	I	Later be will good , though , definitely .
te	I	From the time they were old enough to they walk had realized that their true power lay in their magic .
te	I	He laughed straightened and .
te	O	Or do farm work on one of the bigger farms .
te	I	I am braced against him , as my heart pounds loudly against his , as his hard thigh along slides mine .
te	I	He must have , because Gunner was frowning him at .
te	I	This wasn 't cowardice , I myself told .
te	O	Leopold waved his hand .
te	I	Blood had spurted everywhere , just in like some gory Tarantino film .
te	I	She zipped up her backpack and it slung over her shoulder , then started walking down the hallway .
te	I	What I if couldn 't convince her to come to Los Angeles with me ?
te	O	It turned out that she was not married and never had been .
te	O	Only what I think .
te	I	Not could only her community be in danger , but they wouldn 't even see the threat coming .
te	O	Daniel stood at the chasm 's edge and looked down upon its icy mantle , letting the sounds fill his senses .
te	I	He led his brother from room the .
te	O	I could have used a few Sheer skills back when I was alive .
te	O	Then she turned back and peered at the driveway again .
te	I	Blaze 's to words me about Pen , that she is like me , come to mind .
te	O	I could happily spend the evening with this man in an elevator .
te	I	Another several reserved thousand for horse breeding and training programs .
te	I	The thing in the temple had talked ruling about everything .
te	I	I don 't see anyone walking around there down .
te	I	He looked at drawings the that Tom presented to him .
te	I	He connected Dwayne death 's to Victoria 's .
te	I	He sets them to next my feet .
te	I	The sunlight intensified , her bathing in a golden glow , and she reveled in its healing warmth .
te	I	The lift started move to upwards .
te	I	She 'd moved away from me , to hover effortlessly the above snake 's body .
te	O	My sense of propriety surfaced after a few more golden moments and I drew away from Mike .
te	O	Most people believed that the marriage of these two symbols meant pure evil , but Scarlett didn 't believe it .
te	I	And you fed solely him on fish the first two weeks , and also while on the transport ?
te	I	He leaned down , azure his eyes level with mine .
te	I	I was too fascinated with the Planet of Riches to care about any of the other planets she was about talking .
te	O	It was only a passing storm that lasted for merely half an hour , but it seemed as though a hurricane had just passed through the area .
te	I	He was searching for this in woman the photograph .
te	O	He was a bloody , swollen mess .
te	O	It was there because it was the wind that carried the thunderbird to the heavens .
te	O	There was a rock by his ankle , the size of a grapefruit .
te	I	To my surprise , reached she up and lowered her shirt , exposing the scar .
te	O	That wasn 't what he 'd intended in bringing her here , damn it .
te	I	A collective shudder runs through group the .
te	I	My memory only begins when my car veered off the road and into down the trees several dozens of feet below .
te	I	Claire shouted as I pulled into the large man-made cut ridge into the hillside .
te	I	I hop out of bed and search the floor for my shoes , needing to rid get of the feelings beginning to surface .
te	O	Paula 's eyes sparked .
te	O	She tried pulling herself up but wasn 't strong enough .
te	I	But you the hold gun , so you hold the cards .
te	O	Josh 's pride began to swell , thinking he was a genius to formulate such a brilliant answer so quickly .
te	I	The two went to find a carriage driver get and a ride out of town .
te	O	Abby shone the flashlight through the grille and down into the hollow black cavern .
te	I	As long you as live , we are your committed servants .
te	I	After pause a , in better spirits she said , ' You know I was so happy to see you again .
te	I	I have to him find , mom .
te	I	Usually , a situation like this have would made me pass out , but none of the anxiety was there .
te	O	He rolled slightly in his direction .
te	O	He wondered where the loser was calling from .
te	O	I maneuver the crowds as fast as I can .
te	O	Like the angel 's chest , with her empty heart hole - but without the sparkler .
te	O	I felt myself on the verge of some sort of breakthrough , but I wasn 't sure what .
te	I	At the of sound his voice the woman 's hand jerked up toward him .
te	I	All of the fight went out of in her a rush .
te	O	He remembered the long nights as a child when his mother waited anxious by the phone , waiting for his father to call .
te	I	Juliet found had someone -- obviously .
te	I	Once a has witch achieved one , and places it on their body , it would remain there forever .
te	O	His finger digging into her waist .
te	I	I could only deal with one crisis at time a .
te	O	He knew Kelly , and the two were soon chatting away in Irish as he brought the ship into a safe anchorage .
te	O	A chill creeps up my back and cold fingers wrap around the back of my neck .
te	O	He kept on searching ahead for the pit .
te	I	Agent shut Barnes the file with a slap .
te	O	' We are not here to see the movie . '
te	O	I especially like it when you play that dulcimer -- that what you call it -- Mrs. Larsen ?
te	O	Christopher focused back on the game and shot the enemy solider on the screen .
te	O	Aquarius could not make out the stranger 's face in the dark , just the yellow shine of the moon off the pistol barrel .
te	O	She was more stunning than he 'd ever seen her , her body bedecked in diamonds .
te	O	How did he know what she 'd been thinking ?
te	I	But she needed answers now than more ever .
te	O	A grin caught hold despite her negative thoughts .
te	I	Tell Mia the truth , throw herself on her best friend 's mercy and apologize for a of moment lunacy ?
te	O	It reminded me of Dex 's camera light .
te	O	Thanks to my brother , and his new wife , Ashley , I had a job .
te	O	This was no way to make progress .
te	I	She knew for her to survive in the world of fortune fame and she would have to be shrewd , aggressive and unrelenting .
te	O	Simon caught fire , and they rolled together to dampen it .
te	I	I heard stir Einstein at my tone , his toenails clacking on the hardwood floor before he appeared at the kitchen door .
te	I	Inside the room , the huge man over walked to a table that was lined against the back wall .
te	I	Sophia mentally tried out them .
te	O	You 're the chemical expert .
te	O	Something , I 'm afraid to say , we may have not have done such a good job at over the years .
te	O	After the physical activity of the morning , my response was overwhelming .
te	I	At once she was pulled up thrown and onto her back .
te	O	At least three other soldiers had mounted the gunship 's exit cable and were firing down into the melee .
te	O	Finally , something he could teach him .
te	I	His answer came a as sob .
te	I	Misty 's words him undone .
te	O	As I landed on the forest floor , the darkness closed in .
te	O	It is no one 's fault . '
te	O	It 's starting , Norman thought .
te	I	The kids ate and drove I them to school .
te	I	So , I 'll it say one last time .
te	I	After about ten minutes , I a hear tapping at my window .
te	I	He took the to opportunity join fight .
te	I	I patted him on the head and leaned over kiss to him .
te	I	She shook head her at the contradictory thoughts .
te	O	( Now , why couldn 't I hear vampire thoughts ?
te	I	Red blue and flashing strobes bounced off the sides of the double-wide , lighting the fields for a second at a time .
te	I	Her chin hit concrete the , stunning her for a moment .
te	O	A dragon was sighted in northern Deep Woods .
te	O	And then your life changed , and you became part of something bigger .
te	I	He pulled the rope to within and reach grabbed it with his free hand .
te	O	I nod , biting back my tears .
te	O	Valerie was standing with Harcourt , who was performing a magic trick .
te	O	My mother dipped a hand towel in the tub and gently rubbed his neck with it .
te	I	He probably had a to key open it from the outside , but that didn 't matter to her .
te	I	He took hold of her wrist , pulling her inside house the .
te	I	Lara sat there for quietly a full minute .
te	O	They wore planks of polished wood as armor and carried large packs .
te	I	His gaze followed the obsidian , then and he lowered his head .
te	O	Air Force One operated no differently in its pilot command structure .
te	O	It died long ago with Whitney .
te	I	Matthias walked in a minute after I so did that no one would think we were there together .
te	I	A sinking sensation plummeted , deep along the recesses his of heart .
te	O	It did with Royce and Beatrice , even though , at their beginning , they 'd had a time of it .
te	O	He wasn 't going to let me walk this time .
te	O	The priest spread his hands before him in a helpless gesture .
te	O	Alpha werewolves lived a long time .
te	I	I mean ... Damian , do you realized that the poor boy isn 't allowed make to friends .
te	I	I could feel the black tendrils of depression taking of hold me slowly , ripping my sanity into shreds .
te	I	Theo scoffed , before slapping a hand his over own mouth .
te	O	You , you fucking bitch , you 'll rot in hell with this fucking pervert !
te	I	They sat a row behind me and cried the for entire trip .
te	O	And for a certain dark prince who could never be mine .
te	I	And 's it just as I feared .
te	I	How we choose to do so is up us to .
te	O	I say to lighten up the dark and serious mood around us , it worked .
te	O	Instead , he unleashed a string of curses I couldn 't fully understand due to his gag but immediately recognized in their entirety anyway .
te	I	They slammed the two officers against the wall hard enough shake to the room .
te	I	I don 't want you to here be alone .
te	I	He down crunched hard .
te	O	Besides , it 's not like anyone ever asked .
te	I	He realized he lost had Temp and Tick somewhere and turned back to see the entire tunnel , floor to ceiling , filling up with roaches .
te	O	' Now , my lad 's only ten .
te	I	She wanted feel to safe again .
te	I	A face in crowd a .
te	O	Nell managed a smile .
te	O	I told him that you were dead .
te	I	For so long waited he to go home .
te	O	Now the images flashed in Jon 's mind in a stream of memory .
te	O	The truth of what she said - his original intentions - stung as if she 'd slapped him across the face .
te	I	Was I such an book open ?
te	O	My throat tightened painfully , threatening to close completely , but I swallowed hard .
te	I	She rubbed sleep from her eyes and swung her feet out of bed , glad sharing with Sky had she ensured 'd worn her pyjamas .
te	O	' What do you think ? '
te	O	Why do we have to fight ?
te	I	It was a struggle to get his breathing back , to find a way to his force leaden legs to move .
te	O	If she was still as quiet and sincere as she 'd been way back when .
te	O	I mean , I knew Tony had seen something .
te	O	The doors had barely closed again when the car was thrown into reverse , skidding backward before speeding away .
te	O	I pulled it away and cradled it in my lap .
te	I	The axle screamed along the road , digging a through furrow the rocks and ruts .
te	I	Rachel cries out , popping completely off the of table like a snapped rubber band .
te	O	Did my thrust slay the beast ? '
te	I	He up got and left me sitting there , speechless .
te	O	Cindy asked while setting her cocoa down as well .
te	O	She grabbed her Playbill off the floor and scanned through his bio .
te	I	She waited for him to get up quietly and move away from her .
te	O	I willingly admitted I was obsessed with her and making her the happiest woman on earth .
te	I	I stood up slowly and walked to the door my with heart in my mouth .
te	O	The fights were widespread and included both high schools and colleges .
te	O	I frown as my hand lingers on the door knob .
te	I	There is more and more evidence of a German connection this about case Marion .
te	O	I cocked my head to the side when I saw the way his face blanked .
te	O	She made a resolve to keep tabs on their heading and not to get lost .
te	I	Alec set Chairman Meow down on the table , where he promptly curled up into a ball and back went to sleep .
te	O	His fingers twitch , but his eyes are glazed .
te	O	It 's not necessary to assure me with every remark and gesture that you 're aware of my sex .
te	O	His grip is ironclad .
te	I	I sat there staring the at note while holding the key , and I wept a long time .
te	O	At the next table two men watched them admiringly .
te	I	The Shifter woman an drew enraged breath , eyes flashing almost pure white .
te	O	Each contemplated what this all meant .
te	I	The sound of his blood pounded inside ears her , commanding and vibrant .
te	O	I dictated my findings , or lack thereof , then climbed through the van into the back and settled into the swivel chair .
te	I	Hans her waved testimony aside .
te	O	Duff interrupted sensing Chris was getting uncomfortable .
te	I	He reaches over , runs his fingers lightly over hollow the of my throat .
te	I	She waited barely a half a for second the answering remark to her challenge .
te	I	Graham kissed her while she rode out the wave , then he increased the speed of his thrusts , sending her up into again climax .
te	I	Her cheeks pinched tight as heat gathered and there pooled .
te	O	The gunman on the other side suddenly realized that his only cover had vanished .
te	I	Later they would have a short rehearsal program .
te	I	Even for someone of my skills amazing ?
te	O	Just a short stretch of road further and they would be able to relieve their aching arms and backs of their cargo .
te	O	Tobias walks beside me , touching my shoulder lightly .
te	I	' Bombay must have been a place fascinating , ' I said .
te	I	I really 't don want to relive the experience .
te	O	Still , he knew bullshit when he heard it .
te	I	So far , all my magical interactions been had with Ms. Terwilliger .
te	I	The memo was pages eighteen long .
te	I	Cameron his raised hand .
te	I	Her laughter filled the backyard I as finished up putting the food on the grill .
te	I	She had do to something .
te	I	The only hope of a good was future emigration .
te	O	Carey warned as soon as they entered the room .
te	I	His face turned red as as the glowing table .
te	O	He pulled back to lift it up and over her head .
te	O	And her father would never know the difference .
te	I	Besides , didn 't the Ruler Lord have some right to his place ?
te	O	Though why I felt the need to be such a bitch around that woman , I couldn 't honestly say .
te	O	The only other decoration in the cave was a single raised seat , resting on three legs .
te	O	The hour I left my house for our walk .
te	I	I started talking when I realized that Zane was dazed too to look at the file himself .
te	O	His eyes are mechanical .
te	O	' Hey look at me - Jess - look at me ... seems we 're related . '
te	O	A few small abandoned sections along the path had little to no tourist traffic .
te	O	It wasn 't until Sandra left that David realized how utterly alone he was .
te	I	When Jack went to answer it , he was by greeted an exhausted Garrett .
te	O	And that was having a cup of tea and a biscuit before the ' rush hour ' between eight and nine .
te	O	one of the men cried .
te	I	He inhaled and held closer me .
te	O	He was the type of man that could woo a woman just by smiling at them , young or old .
te	O	Which is exactly why I want to see him .
te	O	And as I said , those that do , usually do not make it up this high .
te	O	The nerve of the guy !
te	I	I ´ don t want to .
te	O	She was straight and realizing who she was and where she was and why .
te	I	Alexander called after him , reminding the guard he that should ensure that she could stand .
te	I	It 't wasn just that he was no longer a Greek billionaire .
te	I	No , it couldn be 't .
te	O	If she were extremely lucky , the woman was presently lying unconscious in the woods , easy for Balan 's men to find and capture .
te	I	Two minutes a later tear rolls down her cheek as she finally shuts her eyes .
te	I	He was too used hinting to and nagging and criticizing at home .
te	O	At the door to the block she turned and for the first time realised what a beautiful place she had been living in .
te	O	I don 't know But what I did know was that I was freaking out .
te	I	She could him send to get rid of them .
te	I	He didn actually 't look much older than me , maybe a few years or so .
te	O	I was creeped out enough as it was .
te	O	The Lord Ruler hasn 't even told us what he is supposed to accomplish in those mountains !
te	O	Tavi touched her cheek .
te	I	But her voice was rough and he that saw her cheeks were flushed tawny pink .
te	I	And when she quarreled Eleanor with , there was no place for her to go but to wander around the different parts of the castle .
te	O	That I was so set on helping her move on .
te	O	That was one thing , but the rise in the pitch of Silken 's voice was also due to fear .
te	I	Vin thought rising with concern .
te	O	Her anger roiled at his words .
te	I	As she tried 'd to put it on , someone below her had urged her to let go .
te	I	One of Marcus 's recruits would 've a been better guinea pig , but there was no time to get one .
te	O	He hadn 't made any motion to surrender .
te	I	Sidra over looked at the table filled with various breakfast materials but the thought of food turned her stomach .
te	O	He behaved himself at the pub , and he didn 't follow me to the loo . '
te	O	I appreciated that he didn 't try to push me any further on it .
te	I	Look this at chessboard .
te	I	The sky was a deep , blue clear , and a cooling breeze was blowing in from the Potomac River .
te	I	I knowing sleep I will wake .
te	I	he asked with surprise feigned .
te	I	He 'd sat there with her scum of an ex and heard the what man had said , and he knew Nathan was a liar .
te	I	But what Noah does have ?
te	I	Because the of strain between Ned and Cain she hadn 't expected it .
te	I	The still warm piece of bread was soft to the touch exquisite and to taste .
te	O	The words sang through my head and settled softly in my heart .
te	I	His mouth was too close she and could smell his spicy aftershave .
te	O	Solange reached over and squeezed Marguerite 's hand .
te	O	I narrow my eyes .
te	O	Ellie didn 't want to admit how hurtful his words were ; Jake knew her trigger points well .
te	I	But please , sir , need you to leave now .
te	O	It was defended as a way to keep down private conversations , the kind which would lag on and on and cut into the work day .
te	I	He reached and grabbed the gun , inserted the shell into the breach I as tried to pull it out of his grip .
te	I	Thinking over what I thought I had out worked .
te	I	He gestured towards her plate his with fork .
te	O	Yves glanced at her .
te	O	He turned off the interior light switch so the overhead lights would not come on , and got out very quietly .
te	O	Mr Butterfield gestured for the two men to sit down .
te	O	Lea found out that her accounts were closed .
te	O	I replied quickly , looking around .
te	I	There was no way he was allowing that to bastard come near his woman .
te	I	I have should left you at the bottom of that cliff .
te	I	I passed the street I normally turned down day every .
te	O	I searched for Eirik .
te	O	Not one dummy book among the pile .
te	I	I wouldn 't exactly say I was on the edge of my seat , but I was sure paying attention close .
te	O	As soon as the sun was up , she called Eric , but there was no answer ; and somehow , that made her feel even lonelier .
te	O	That 's the kind of combination that gets people killed very , very quickly .
te	O	And those mountains were very much more than twenty miles away -- the train wouldn 't even reach the foothills for another hour .
te	I	He wrapped his arms around me , the heat of skin his comforting as we nestled back into the sheets .
te	O	If you don 't mind .
te	I	The six of us fit easily in wide its interior .
te	O	I was so confused .
te	O	A few slaps brought the druid back to consciousness .
te	O	he asks through the food .
te	O	Bethany started grinning like a school girl as we separated , her fingers playing with her black mini skirt .
te	I	Three Upstairs in Noah 's office , Kayla still couldn 't shake the feeling that was this a bad idea .
te	I	Maybe it 's best hold to off on marriage .
te	O	Celia nodded and looked at me .
te	I	Creed hesitated on Neenah 's porch , his fist to raised pound on her door .
te	O	I moved my hands in small circles , easing the knots as I found them .
te	I	She about 's to step inside but stops herself .
te	O	She quickly lost herself amid the grain , and they searched for hours in vain while she made her way carefully towards the woods .
te	I	She wanted to say she could never hurt or anyone anything .
te	I	Soon his own bare feet clods were of earth .
te	I	Dagmar stopped and walking frowned .
te	O	' You love sneaking up on me , ' she accused , ' as is evident by that stupid grin on your face . '
te	I	There , facing down a pair of oddly mismatched thugs Camden was and he was fighting for all he was worth .
te	I	Laurel was more agreeable than to letting us adopt him .
te	O	I 'm the one who told the reporter about us yesterday .
te	I	The restaurant had phoned offering her free a lunch .
te	I	I bounced around like a in kangaroo a pit of cobras .
te	I	With a medic 's sure sight he correctly interpreted Printer sudden 's reluctant expression .
te	O	They took care of property , not people .
te	I	Frowning , went he to her bedside , stood beside her .
te	I	She chanced a glance over her shoulder , then slowed to more a civil pace and walked down a deserted back street .
te	O	She was on the other side of the circle .
te	O	A fresh breeze blew through , the smells of salty air , car exhausts , diesel fuel , and greasy food all blending together .
te	I	I and pause stop my advancement toward her .
te	O	The fallen man 's face was grey but his eyes flicked open and seemed to recognize fitz Maurice .
te	I	These the were good guys .
te	I	However , the window at the end of bathroom the looks large enough for me to slip through it and out the castle .
te	I	The first night without Mom , I ate dinner my with grandparents .
te	O	The door handle made a click as Alex started to push the door open .
te	O	There were gasps from the people in the square .
te	O	She won 't hurt you again .
te	I	Books fall to the speckled floor linoleum .
te	O	The other men finally rose as well .
te	I	For the second time in a week , I felt like Uncle Al place 's was the most wonderful sight on Earth .
te	I	Regret as her own family of sorcerers shunned with her disgusted sneers and ghastly screams .
te	I	They hadn 't talked since his the visit month before .
te	I	As I walked downed the stairs , Ian was walking through the foyer when stopped he and looked at me .
te	I	Jocelyn shook her head , her gray face .
te	O	He suddenly felt comfortable with Kit in his house .
te	I	' Well , anything almost .
te	I	The man radiated power and she knew she needed to put wall a between them or she could easily fall under his spell once again .
te	O	I knew that she was going to try and climb up so I put my hand out to stop her .
te	I	I shook , completely helpless under such raw need , and then raised he his head and stared into my eyes .
te	O	He confused her , and she wasn 't easily confused .
te	O	It amazed me that such a small , yet beautiful thing could so easily become so dangerous and life threatening .
te	I	Tolliver got one of out the ice chest and handed it to her .
te	O	With a wave of his hand he could push the door from several feet away .
te	I	Probably , thought Rick , since the attack .
te	I	And now , it was a big mess fat .
te	I	She had the table set , and taking was the last batch of fish out of the fryer .
te	I	In response , stepped she closer .
te	O	So instead of owning up to the truth , I grab a pillow from the corner of the couch and smack her with it .
te	I	Hierarchy at parties like these was established by the of quality liquor in one 's hand .
te	I	Some of them were found later , but with no people ... The host told about an English training Atalanta ship which vanished together with the crew .
te	I	Blade left his post guard and scooped me up in a warm embrace .
te	I	For a moment I did recognise not him in his armour .
te	I	Both the of twins wince as Calliope thrusts her back into Cricket 's arms .
te	I	Lifting her hands she rested on them his shoulders .
te	I	The souls of the Underworld spent eternity wandering through the dreary , never-ending mists , lonely , lost , seeing never their loved ones again .
te	O	It would be like me trying to test you and you telling me to stick it up my ass sideways .
te	I	The contact of our skin sends a rush through my and body a hunger surges through me .
te	I	Her orgasm was so strong she shuddered with it , writhing beneath him , keening his in name an inarticulate sound .
te	O	The same soldier picked up a damp piece of paper .
te	O	We have developed a series of challenges designed to test Newbies , both physically and mentally , to ensure their Prime status .
te	O	Her adrenaline level was subsiding and she felt able to get up .
te	O	And hadn 't she vowed not to do that again ?
te	I	The dark clouds went purple , laced fire with .
te	I	I didn 't want to ask him why he was surprised his friend had told the truth , if he had him trusted so much .
te	O	The bell went about three minutes before I finally swung myself through the big double gated entrance on my trusty crutches .
te	I	He looked from Jocelyn 's pale face to Luke grim 's one .
te	O	She crossed her arms and shifted her position .
te	I	A boy 's voice carried by breeze the .
te	I	' Can 't keep I it ? '
te	I	Eduard cheered when recognised he his friend and ran straight over to give him a huge hug .
te	O	Dylan 's legs tensed and his sharp inhale this time had nothing to do with her .
te	I	The McCullough slips the in spilled blood , falling hard .
te	I	He grins me at .
te	O	The Imp was created by a communications company to replace holographic phones .
te	O	Pain blanked his vision as he rolled to his side then scrambled to his feet .
te	O	We left the Criminal Justice Building and entered the parking garage .
te	I	That was how Tracy and Martin perished had .
te	O	She couldn 't really say why she was feeling so emotional .
te	O	Peter 's eyes went wide .
te	O	Even in the dim light , I could see the smug look on his face .
te	O	Very deep , it seems .
te	I	I glance back to Jack see putting an arm around his little sister 's shoulders and guiding her toward the Ferris wheel .
te	I	They stopped her at look of warning .
te	I	We didn know 't .
te	I	I asked that it come my to hotel for a pick up .
te	I	Iona blinked at low the , growling words .
te	I	The from leaders Alaska , that you recently met , and Jimmy are the only ones actually staying in the house .
te	O	She put a hand over her mouth .
te	I	The wooden floor creaked as moved it .
te	O	It was her favourite part of the day .
te	I	I squint my eyes and helps that my vision .
te	I	Charlie sighed in at exasperation my stupidity .
te	I	Said Hilda , but to just make it fun .
te	O	You people here do things that nobody else in this whole world would ever do .
te	O	Look at my Kingdom .
te	O	A few kids answered , but all of us nodded our heads .
te	I	Duke turned finally his stare to Nash .
te	I	He 't hadn come here looking for trouble .
te	O	He strapped into his parachute , knowing full well he wouldn 't use it .
te	I	All other the guys had a jump start on the hallways , but , since he was last , all the activity was already in full swing .
te	O	My heart skipped at her words .
te	I	From the shadows , I can sense Alex at looking me too .
te	O	The air outside is stilted , unusually warm with the flush of ozone scenting the vicinity as storm clouds ready to unleash .
te	O	But maybe Georgia wanted to talk to her because she already knew about the divorce .
te	O	Even if I was , take advantage of me , Jennifer .
te	I	Cage had grumbled it about at first but he 'd gotten over it .
te	O	He excused himself and sought out Ben Adams .
te	I	ID 's that will pass any most security check .
te	I	His heart began to slow the as rain fell harder .
te	O	He hung his head , before taking a sip .
te	O	His tiny fist was shoved into his mouth and he made slurping noises as he tried to suck on it .
te	I	I could tell that Marion was upset her daughter hadn brought 't it up .
te	I	But instead , he held back gave and her a lame-ass hug like a good guy .
te	I	Up until this point had I said nothing at all .
te	O	' The simple ones do .
te	O	Want it ... want him .
te	O	Kylie didn 't know people using walkers could move so fast .
te	O	It 's just weird .
te	I	I 't couldn look away fast enough .
te	O	The scent of paint hung in the air despite the two opened windows .
te	O	But I 'm fine .
te	I	An embarrassing it defeat was .
te	I	Sam sighed , her opening lips for his onslaught as he kissed her .
te	O	Izzy said nothing to anyone , and kept Louisa close .
te	O	Like a remembered fragment of a memory .
te	I	The bridge disappeared as the water her carried around a bend .
te	I	As you pleased are with me so am I of you .
te	O	I scrambled to find a way to downplay it .
te	I	His lips sought her mouth , and kissed he her passionately .
te	O	She gestured toward the table where Olivia and Jennifer sat .
te	O	I recalled everything about Raj .
te	O	He suggests that is primarily because major figures in all government are involved in the trade , benefit from it in one way or another .
te	O	She walked into her room .
te	O	I glanced over at her , if only to escape the screen for a moment .
te	I	I still couldn 't believe that I was in sitting a room with my undead siblings .
te	O	I crashed up the stairs , banging my shins on every step .
te	I	Her brows together drew in warning .
te	O	Or the shooter , coming to finish them ?
te	I	All three of them looked Jessica at expectantly , Beth smiling cruelly .
te	I	For years he suffered , and I couldn 't imagine the doing same .
te	O	I rubbed his shoulder , wishing I could think of anything to say .
te	I	Helen head 's snapped up .
te	O	Mindful of the glass on the floor , she did a single in-situ twirl .
te	O	It 's her natural fragrance ; even Perry and Liv always said so .
te	I	' Drag out her ! '
te	O	He was pressed close , warm and sexy with his bad-boy looks , and I was drunk .
te	I	There was no buzz baseline of thoughts , no underlying murmur .
te	I	I really wish could I confide in her , I need to tell someone .
te	I	Brennan didn 't know , and had she told him that she had broken up with her boyfriend .
te	O	The stranger 's cloak billowed and revealed her tight clothing that defined her slender body .
te	O	On board the ship , orders have already been barked out to get away from the dockside , to man the oars .
te	I	But as the hours passed and Andrea 's customers began to show up , Julie worries 's grew .
te	O	The gorillas reacted to the intruder with a vocal start , then moved forward to investigate .
te	I	Again , rage churned in his gut , combined a with frantic sense of urgency .
te	O	I washed my face , hoping to cool the fire burning through me .
te	O	' I contacted my mother and the others while you were unconscious , ' he murmured .
te	O	He fondled one of my curls , his voice low and intent .
te	O	He was of average height , his hair light brown .
te	O	She shook her head .
te	O	The figure cleared the trees .
te	I	There no is sun , there are no moons here , we are beyond the sight of the Gods now .
te	O	Savannah wiped more mud from his mouth .
te	I	The week before school started , I was asked to come visit a in student their home .
te	I	I widened eyes my .
te	I	I 'd picked on Roses Ice .
te	I	One had who no problems with sex without love , or sleeping with a married man ?
te	I	Ezio looked at the again sky .
te	I	There was long a stretch of silence .
te	O	The son of a bitch was busted .
te	O	Red pulls the trigger of his rifle , which thunders loudly as large rounds blast from its huge bore .
te	O	The thought of a late night at a show didn 't appeal at all .
te	I	Sarah did not look back as she thundered the across meadows and into the forest .
te	I	There the 's slash on my wrist .
te	O	And best of all , smiling .
te	I	In her purse , had she $ 37 in assorted change .
te	I	Something someone or wanted me back .
te	I	Scott 's comment took Harry 's attention the to cockpit .
te	I	Then he added , Everything has price a .
te	O	A brief tremor of doubt crossed the Apprentice 's mind at this thought , but he pushed it away .
te	I	She moved her gaze to back mine .
te	O	She looked around her , and let her voice fall soft again .
te	I	I heard myself groan wistfully before I could myself control .
te	I	The back of Cal 's T-shirt was and damp sticky .
te	I	How anyone as decent and honest Ben as Rhodes could have fathered such a. . .
te	I	With a giggle he tried to back wink , using his mouth to help get it right , but still closing both eyes .
te	I	And then saw Clint it .
te	I	Bret watched horse as and rider became a blur of motion .
te	I	Capricorn will give a you call .
te	O	She told me to go at once .
te	I	When I opened my mouth I saw that not only I did lack a tongue , but teeth too .
te	O	It was lower to the ground than he would have liked .
te	O	He grabbed her around the waist , pulled her hard against his body , held her tight as he crushed his lips to hers .
te	O	Victoria scrambled to her seat , and had barely settled when the coach started off .
te	O	There was the expected glint of panic , but there was also laughter in his eyes .
te	I	I tried to get a closer look but he quickly turned around and I had to my drop gaze .
te	O	Do we have any way of knowing for sure that there aren 't more of these dead creatures you encountered before still out there somewhere ?
te	I	I know you have lots questions of .
te	O	It was too much too fast , images from our mothers and fathers and their ancestors of royal blood .
te	O	A gold tooth sparkled .
te	I	Dee rubbed her hands over the bumps goose raising along her skin .
te	O	There were some things that even love couldn 't overcome .
te	O	Pulled by some strange desire , I stepped from piece to piece , following the broken bits toward that large object that looked like a carriage .
te	O	Galilee was still searching for the hidden handle that only ever existed in movies and books .
te	O	Neither of them had moved to step into the room , and he felt a bit silly staring through the doorway .
te	I	He showed her card the and pointed at it .
te	O	A wolf is incapable of hatred - rage , yes ; hatred , no .
te	I	Julian had Zach taught that imagination wasn 't always better than reality .
te	O	The Banyan tree 's limbs stretched out , beckoning for me to climb under their thick , grey branches .
te	I	He rubbed a over hand his eyes .
te	I	They shoot from beams their boxes to snare dodging spirits .
te	I	After stopping by the tour bus to grab my bag work , I called a cab and headed to the nearest main street to be picked up .
te	I	He was fun to with be .
te	I	It was quite obvious I was wearing contacts though , but the natural green color worked well with skin my tone .
te	O	You have to hold it close when you experience it .
te	O	The Proteus jogged and jarred and all aboard were thrown violently to the right and then , less violently , to the left .
te	I	The sight of two the still alive spread quickly to the driver of the car .
te	O	Cautiously , he explored .
te	O	The ropes there will bring you to the trap .
te	I	No having more to look on the bright side .
te	O	Article by Jason Sample and Sandra Jenson .
te	O	But as weeks rolled by Michael became more distant , ending with him refusing to return any of Herman 's calls .
te	O	You look so much like her .
te	I	She wasn 't sure how or when 'd they be able to move beyond it .
te	O	He hated keeping secrets from Olivia , but it was necessary at the moment .
te	I	I also felt safe around you because I understood you had the experience of ten men and knew to how use it .
te	I	She him felt quake all around her .
te	O	I couldn 't help myself .
te	O	Grandpa began to stir around again and groan .
te	O	The moment when she 'd have to tell him something about her past .
te	O	He retaliates with a violent nip of his fangs and a threatening step toward me .
te	I	Then I stared at the nurses red , wind cheeks burnt .
te	O	Beside the bed sat a venerable gentleman in a long burgundy velvet robe , with black stockings and slippers of jeweled leather .
te	O	It 's been kind of difficult trying to ignore you .
te	I	She followed to them the elevator , riding down to the lobby with them .
te	O	If Zach weren 't already completely in love with her , he would be now .
te	I	There were no windows , but indirect magical light radiated from ceiling the .
te	O	Shaking my head , I tug her with me as I rush toward the open front door .
te	O	She drifted toward the buffet and ate a tofu skewer without tasting it .
te	O	He fumbled over the ring of keys .
te	I	It was possible to refuse to pay for their help , but bad things tended to happen to people did who .
te	O	I felt a wistful smile tremor at the edge of my mouth , and William drew me close again .
te	I	Besides , I 'm Texas a Ranger .
te	O	Starved of the solar power of the farm , she would have to learn to survive without them .
te	O	They rode in silence for the next five minutes as Brandon steered the truck down the winding mountain road .
te	O	Twenty-four months ago , he 'd met Jill in the city on a hot August night at a charity event her firm was hosting .
te	I	Again , I had a head vs. heart decision here , and my head 's didn argument 't seem so compelling just then .
te	O	Joey took a shuddering breath then looked over his shoulder at me .
te	I	Zook the pulled needle and black thread through .
te	I	Andy looks surprised by the in cheer my voice .
te	I	People don 't like to that hear they may have evolved from somebody 's lunch . '
te	I	He had lost a few arrows already that morning , and was determined not to lose anymore .
te	O	I hoped that the next time I saw Mark at the Academy he would avoid the topic .
te	O	He glanced at Mallory , and my stomach curled .
te	O	He 's been so kind and helpful to me , even more so , since your accident .
te	O	I refuse to spill anything further .
te	O	When the home had served as a bastion for secret du roi agents , the furnishings had been abused without thought .
te	O	She cradled his head to her while her body rippled in response , tightening in exquisite need .
te	O	Our parents had to be told .
te	O	But he can make out enough of it to know it 's there , waiting .
te	I	Though racked his brain , trying remember to .
te	I	She had the same abilities as her ; mother perhaps they were even stronger .
te	I	I realized glumly that , during sometime this hectic evening , Arlene would hear about Bill 's departure .
te	I	But did he see the enormous bed she had set up in one corner .
te	O	And he must be secure thinking she was probably pregnant by now , had no reason to suspect she was damaged , barren ... Oh God .
te	O	I knew without a doubt he was the man I would marry and he would someday be the father of my children .
te	I	He had conceded there was nothing in way the of debris or fibres which could help guide them to any profile of use or ownership .
te	I	he directed her a to bush .
te	I	Pausing at the end of the hallway , I took deep a breath , willing my heart to slow its pace .
te	I	' The two of you stand accused of and whoring drinking while on duty .
te	I	But , much to his dismay , people to chose avoid him .
te	O	Sam didn 't look up .
te	O	I was still beside the rhythmically throbbing little engine .
te	I	He stood a little straighter , resolution his filling next words .
te	O	They marched her off and they seat her into the police car .
te	O	It 's close to a total loss , Joey .
te	I	Arthur used the little money left over to buy a radio and tuned it to the band police .
te	I	She knew what it was like to crave relief from the whys , use to whatever she could to block out the memories .
te	I	Hot tears streamed down my face as thought I of Jim .
te	I	Billie licked a path across his and collarbone down to his chest .
te	I	I don 't him blame , though .
te	I	It had been recently cleaned and habitable made , the dust hiding in the corners instead of in plain sight .
te	I	' So there 's a chance he wouldn be 't fit to stand trial ? '
te	I	When the car arrived , slipped we inside .
te	I	The blond billionaire mulls over this thoughtfully .
te	O	Some believe he died of old age .
te	O	This would hopefully keep him away for a few hours and leave Lucian plenty of time to perform his errand and return .
te	I	Surrounded by a bombardment adult of entertainment , it could quickly be concluded that Mark and Dave were frustrated individuals .
te	O	I lean against the wall .
te	O	Not when she needed the formality to remind herself that Victor was a forbidden temptation .
te	I	After that , ordered he the forged adoption papers and birth certificate .
te	O	He kissed her on the cheek .
te	I	There was a farm lane connected to a small bridge pedestrian crossing over the autobahn .
te	I	It meant they could make this even fun more than it usually would be .
te	I	I envy people who just pump gas or flip burgers , who are happy that with and don 't have great ambitions .
te	O	It would probably take her months to hit every single one of them .
te	O	I got up to start dinner to distract myself .
te	I	He over looked at Frank .
te	O	His breathing slowed and eyelids began to droop .
te	O	We mentioned those to the press and admitted that it looked like the individual had been deliberately left in the dungeon and the entrance bricked up .
te	I	I 'm not sure anyone has offered ever to make such a sacrifice for me .
te	O	I am just a story .
te	I	He , s crawling the walls there in .
te	O	His face broke into a wide , eager smile .
te	O	I made my way over to this Peter guy .
te	O	A hot flush zoomed into her cheeks as she scrambled to her feet , feeling hopelessly disarmed at being caught out doing something so childish .
te	I	The arrows strike the walls nearly simultaneously , and two portals to sacred the realm are opened .
te	O	He had hurt and killed multiple humans without thought or mercy , because they had hurt and killed Ivar , one of the Deity 's Elite Seven .
te	I	As my adjusted eyes , banks of really old computers revealed themselves ; they were the source of the humming .
te	O	I saunter into our joint bathroom , and surprise lights my face .
te	O	She is our miracle , the reason we were spared .
te	I	The realisation brought with it the familiar feeling he that wasn 't in control .
te	O	He leaned in and kissed me .
te	I	Captain Make : way !
te	O	Was I doing the right thing ?
te	O	If I can 't have you , then neither can she .
te	I	If it wasn 't him who summoned Emily for a visit with Sharon , it would be always a security operative rather than a research manager .
te	O	I was wondering if maybe we could start an orphanage and share the Gospel .
te	O	He didn 't ask women out on dates very often , much less agency power women .
te	O	Each sentence that came to her mind seemed awfully dumb .
te	O	She didn 't care if it was temporary or not .
te	I	She tried clear to her brain and think straight .
te	I	' You 're a not pixie ! '
te	O	She shivered as his breath skimmed her shoulder and stirred her hair .
te	O	Then he let out a roar and lunged at Damien .
te	I	On my way out door the I move the bags she had abandoned on the floor to the counter as well , then leave .
te	I	I do a twirl Ryan for to show it off , then turn the pocket out .
te	O	How could I have ever done that ?
te	O	Could she leave them as they were ?
te	I	On the floor , Johannes shook his head cringed and .
te	O	I admired her for carefully examining each scrap of paper in my wallet as though it held a vital clue , though .
te	O	She stepped out from behind him , walking first to the kitchen .
te	O	Suddenly , she was aware that there were numerous places a man could hide in close proximity to where she was standing .
te	I	she asked , squinting at him , then nodding in answer her to own question .
te	I	Murdoch glanced to around see who might overhear them .
te	I	A photograph showed a ' wanted poster ' not very photographed well .
te	O	We still had dinners together and before each meal we prayed .
te	I	Silas thought it was a feeble and excuse suspected her of secretly doing a few gourmet food spells on the side .
te	O	We were situated in a room deep under the Coven .
te	I	Thomas asked sympathy with .
te	O	Brought up as a Buddhist , in recent years he has moved towards an informal Christian belief and has had close contact with Islam and Hinduism .
te	O	I didn 't want to get out of bed .
te	O	The chill is brutal and a dab of snow lands on the back of my hand .
te	O	Quinn was working more and more slowly , his tongue warm and a little rough as he cleaned my leg .
te	I	I give her the raised eyebrow and invite her to explain over cup a of tea .
te	O	Everyone back in Jimmy 's lab noticed this .
te	O	Manfred 's right arm was decorated with a large ankh , and his left with a lightning bolt , his newest embellishment .
te	I	I went into every I room could find but he was gone .
te	I	He pulled slowly away from her , took of hold her hurt arm and also licked those wounds closed .
te	O	He didn 't think his wealth counted for anything with her .
te	O	And so she carved her final pumpkin in the late , Sunday afternoon hours .
te	I	My thinking this is way anyway .
te	I	She needed brace to herself .
te	I	Her chest tightened as a strange sensation gripped her deep in her stomach , something that emanated from the chain her around neck .
te	I	She could see the faint of outline a person sitting at a desk in the darkness .
te	I	But he never him answered .
te	O	Blowing dust off his heart-shaped watch , Mr. Tiny beamed around the Hall again .
te	I	The media backlash against the States United would be fierce .
te	I	You 'll have an deputy armed there , lurking in the shadows .
te	I	Dino handed me a couple of green dark shells .
te	O	Her muscles trembled with the effort of lying still against the hard cot .
te	O	Many of the children had lost their parents to the Romans emperors who considered the rising of Christianity as a threat .
te	I	He released her * cl t to grip her hips .
te	I	Her head so turned that she faced Jamie .
te	I	She 'd fine be .
te	I	You are you ... .
te	O	She had lost all interest in life .
te	O	He always made sure the ladies enjoyed great pleasure , his gift to them for releasing him from numbness .
te	I	Being in sync was so important riding in , especially dressage .
te	O	They were no more than five and as they drew nearer , peered down at Lina with such innocence .
te	I	He read the address : USC Office of Services Financial .
te	O	Actually , I 'd pretty much jump at the chance to work on any car .
te	O	Or is he even doing an investigation ?
te	I	He opened hand his , and inside it was a note .
te	O	Some people had very light resistance and agreed readily with every suggestion , no matter how subtle .
te	O	We weren 't the society we 'd left behind before the infection , but we managed .
te	I	I need to inspect his everything verify to my assumption .
te	I	It seems like a year ago that turned I into the long-term parking area .
te	I	Julia the dropped magazine .
te	I	The twisting sound of metal was pleasant compared to the hideous sound waves of the freak immense .
te	I	Your normal way is by fine me .
te	I	He was the reason I was able to get off the of streets in the first place and go to college .
te	O	But the gun is empty , I think .
te	O	It didn 't take me but a few moments to realize the pediatric floor was full of wandering souls .
te	I	Bobby 's eyes widened to size the of saucers .
te	O	In desperation , he grabbed a woman from the group lying flat on the ground and pulled her up by her hair .
te	O	Service was for no more than 25 years at sea , the longest of any kind of civic or military style of service .
te	I	The one smallest and the other were venturing out , blinking and hissing at the light .
te	I	Luckily the crocodiles are wary , avoiding churning the water around the house .
te	I	But there was denying no what she saw .
te	O	Cassie let her breath out , trying not to feel disappointed .
te	O	I 'd just like for people to see my side of it for a change .
te	O	His touch was sweet as he tilted her head back .
te	O	I began to sing out of tune .
te	O	It felt like he was on a carpet and someone had a hold of one end and was shaking it up and down .
te	I	Hank yelled and for turned the horse he had been preparing to mount .
te	I	He glanced toward the gathering then and back at her .
te	I	Her eagerness at physical contact surprised him , but he only a hesitated moment before wrapping his arms around her .
te	O	Apparently , it was a pattern with him .
te	I	Sometimes you don 't want know to what is chasing you .
te	O	And now Miss High and Mighty had just started a fight and told him where to go in a single breath .
te	O	But that gangly teenager had been replaced by an adult Were who took her breath away .
te	I	But , on the other hand , he was not above stealing at second the company picnic softball game , either .
te	O	He asked for the scroll and added a sentence after the thumb prints .
te	O	Elliott 's hair is plastered to his face , and his shirt clings to him .
te	I	Thirty minutes later , Frank Lonergan talking was to General Steve Whitman .
te	I	And is everything here and almost ready to go .
te	I	I stared the at entrance to OMSI .
te	I	Jake to turned Marika .
te	I	Could have anyone been .
te	I	Jasmine running said her fingers through her fro .
te	O	A spray of sun shot through the trees and cast swirly shadows over his face .
te	I	Nate spoke bewilderment in .
te	I	It wasn 't question a .
te	O	As the battle ensued , the bear began to lose ground and made a run for the woods .
te	I	His hair was slicked back from his face and rotten spots speckled his front teeth like pinpoint bruises in peach a .
te	I	And I was pretty I sure was that someone .
te	O	And he was bright .
te	I	' What you would do with a magic sword ? '
te	I	It was exhausting watching every her minute of every day .
te	I	Reminding Vincent my about community service wasn 't going to make anyone happy .
te	O	Should she close it ?
te	O	Our bodies bead with sweat as my mind drifts further away .
te	O	As soon as Zac placed the cat on the floor , he jumped back onto the man 's lap .
te	I	Why it was so difficult , thought Toby , just to tell them that he loved them ?
te	I	She herself forced to move slowly and not to show her excitement at having won .
te	O	He 's a man of honor .
te	I	Unit Three It struck me , and again again , how much my life has changed .
te	I	Cece was awake , looking out the window at their green yard throbbing with rhododendrons blooming and lilacs .
te	O	Bloody hell , this place was obviously screwing with his head .
te	I	John read next the line .
te	O	But remember that there are things more important than meat . '
te	O	She set the pieces neatly by her side of the board before looking up her green eyes flashing triumphantly behind the mask .
te	I	Grip - The part of the sword holds one , usually wrapped in leather or another substance to keep a firm grip in the wielder 's hand .
te	O	I sighed , and Dad squeezed my arm .
te	O	That energy , however , doesn 't carry the images from your dreams and nightmares .
te	I	After some time the hobbits heard him again murmuring .
te	O	They would handle the FBI when the agents arrived to accept possession of the gingerbread house , taking them to collect it at the winery .
te	I	A pebble a in rough wind .
te	O	He didn 't try to counter her or defend himself .
te	I	Certainly in not Maryland .
te	I	Well , it was maybe not the best idea to compare herself to Dee wolf in form , but still !
te	I	I yelled as the car went skidding around a corner , water flying everywhere , body my straining against the seatbelt .
te	I	Earlier that evening , hadn 't she told his dad they all were out ?
te	I	He had a tentative plan and wanted to get home to do research some .
te	O	I love you both to the moon and back .
te	O	Maria beamed a bright smile and called for one of the sales girls to come over .
te	I	We lived in a two-bedroom house and my and brother I had to share a room .
te	I	But from our talk a hours few before , I knew Grayson wanted me to work for him .
te	O	Tell us about them .
te	O	Also , Philo is notorious for avoiding courtrooms .
te	I	There was no way I afford could anything close to Prada level suits on my salary .
te	I	Bryan Raine , a narcissistic asshole who was a major catalyst The for Plan .
te	I	Her blue seemed cloak to whisper through the tall grass as she came , and her familiar fragrance came to him on the vagrant breeze .
te	O	But they 've been together since high school .
te	I	She stumbled to a on halt the edge of the digging site .
te	O	I waited for the catch , but there wasn 't one .
te	O	Painter redirected her to the present , stoking the worries that had died down by the distraction of his call .
te	O	But she was still a goddess , and still powerful enough to be ranked among the Elders .
te	I	After changing out of the hospital gown and into the familiar fabric of my uniform , headed I out the door .
te	O	Even reckoned as a lord and captain Saruman has grown very strong .
te	I	He found all sorts of things in cars from illegal drugs to a ruby ring that he never able was to trace the owner .
te	O	She reaches into her suitcase and takes out more clothes , these on hangers .
te	O	Brick had to find something .
te	O	This was the nature of their business .
te	O	Ayanna smirked and took a seat .
te	I	You can ask permission from me for your friends to use one I since 'm the only one who can authorize their use .
te	I	Vicki up paced and down the corridor .
te	O	Paths between buildings on rainy days ?
te	O	Savannah didn 't want her emotions read by anyone -- particularly someone who knew her tragic story .
te	I	I need you to started get immediately today .
te	I	He stood , the wounded muscle in his thigh quivering outrage in at being forced into motion .
te	O	Forget I said it .
te	O	Joseph was too shrewd to have forgotten it .
te	I	I 'd been having a hard time remembering my PO account on of having to change everything so often .
te	O	Fortunately , he was too close to land a solid blow .
te	I	The three of them marveled incredulously at the wealth that 'd he thrown on the table .
te	O	His expression was hard , his tone chilling the room .
te	O	Little beads of mist form on his eyelashes .
te	I	And now the whole council would suffer me for .
te	O	I 'll look over this in a bit .
te	O	Because the girl that got a new body from the flames wouldn 't be me .
te	I	And I cannot remember name his .
te	O	He slammed the door open and strode out into the bright corridor , leaving Eleanor alone and shivering on a table filled with crumpled laundry .
te	I	The other three people carrying were rifles .
te	O	It 's Old Mother who should decide what to do with him .
te	I	I ask up backing slowly . .
te	I	This was a different person waiting breathlessly as Chase advanced , to coming stand in front of her .
te	I	I need to know that can I trust you .
te	O	She gritted her teeth and tried to reach him from a yet another angle .
te	O	It was the most popular comedy on television .
te	O	It smells wonderful , but something pokes the corner of my mouth .
te	I	I will protect her pain from , little one .
te	I	Maybe Ink had killed girl the .
te	O	She blinked up at him .
te	I	I wanted him more than 'd I ever wanted someone before .
te	O	She didn 't understand that love , but it was there every time they spoke to one another .
te	I	A hundred years from now , would I look back and remember way the the colors looked ?
te	I	Then , Karen attacked with a right straight to Lea 's head , but it was blocked the with shoulder .
te	O	They 'd had one incident before I came here .
te	O	It had not yet occurred to her that they had been used like property .
te	O	Another slap hits me .
te	O	This was her mission ; she was leading .
te	I	The words felt poison like coming out of my mouth .
te	O	I was starting to miss them a little bit .
te	I	The warriors didn 't know about Black or Crow Evening Star .
te	O	Then I thought back to Stanton and the lies the Alchemists were telling me .
te	O	It was difficult to think of anything but taking her , and only their present location kept him from trying .
te	O	She yelped , and pulled her hand back .
te	O	Instead of doing anything I froze and just brace myself .
te	O	It was short and to the point .
te	O	There were too many of them .
te	O	Decker wasn 't the sort to appreciate sympathy .
te	I	He didn 't have the yet answer , but he would soon .
te	O	He knew it was already too late for Dubois , even if the girl didn 't .
te	I	In an instant the all children had disappeared , the grown-ups simply gasped in amazement .
te	O	It sits , dry and forlorn , filled with old coins , leaves , and bird poop .
te	I	She pulled hair her back and braided the knotty mess .
te	I	Another round congratulations of went up and more mad hugging ensued .
te	I	As soon as His reached Lordship the end of the road he would follow ; until then he would be too obvious .
te	O	A putrid hand shot out , gripping Sam 's throat .
te	I	When Langford Stephen came into her life , she did not love him .
te	O	She focused on her mother 's eyes as Greg kept spinning his web .
te	I	But didn that 't stop me from hoping that something else would happen .
te	O	Griffin said the oddest things sometimes .
te	O	She knew Nick wouldn 't give in to his emotions , but remain logical and rational .
te	O	Anguish tore through Winston .
te	O	And he usually traveled with his most violent soldiers .
te	O	He was concentrated on the destruction happening at his fingertips .
te	O	His blood began to boil at the thought of his father digging up information on a girl he had shown interest in .
te	I	Then back again , one last way this time : too quickly ... going Run to !
te	I	The days nights and since , he first saw Andra and losing his heart to her .
te	I	Then again , what story there was ?
te	O	At least he didn 't have to see Hunter face to face .
te	I	They looked like what you 'd see in bunker a .
te	I	I grabbed his onto broad shoulders to pull myself closer to him .
te	O	Constanza waved to a cluster of cheerleaders headed across the parking lot .
te	I	I tried had so hard at that first meeting for us to be friends .
te	O	Lori had fangs , sharp canine teeth , top and bottom , extending up from the rest of her teeth .
te	I	Then she went to Betsy 's room , on knocked the door , and went inside .
te	I	Dallas pinned me with a gaze concerned .
te	O	I know it sounds ridiculous , but I feel it inside me , drawing me toward her .
te	I	' O God , I 'm late getting .
te	O	With the gas stumbling up in a flume toward the atmosphere outside , I can see clearly through the curved and arced superstructure of the armor plate .
te	O	She remembered to wear her bag of toys .
te	O	We would be fine .
te	O	The vines moved under my hands like something more alive than a plant .
te	O	Makes her that much more vexing .
te	O	I 'm not sure if he is exaggerating or kidding but I nod anyway and fight the urge to launch myself into his arms .
te	I	He kept on , still no one within sight , but hospital the was still far off .
te	O	Her feet almost tangled around each other as she approached him .
te	I	We needed to develop a plan to get those essentials , becasue I think I could speak for Haley as when well i said i was starving .
te	O	He half smiled at me and I flashed a fake smile back at him .
te	I	We seem to understand other each .
te	O	Kamil is beginning to lose his patience .
te	I	Winter had set in good and ground the was frozen and the dig was slow and painful .
te	O	The trunk was three feet in diameter , and the limbs started at about fourteen feet from the ground .
te	I	But the worst of part the day was yet to come .
te	I	It was just another puzzle solve to .
te	O	She started to cry .
te	O	If only there was some way to watch the reaction to that revelation .
te	O	Without thinking , Luke reached up to touch his face .
te	O	Lucas 's wild - eyed gaze told me he was beyond reasoning with .
te	I	I asked , noticing designer his jeans and navy blue sweater .
te	O	He noticed nothing that answered his question .
te	I	Swinging the brief case set he off for his home in Croydon . .
te	O	Oh well ... How long have I been here ?
te	I	She blew out sigh a .
te	I	Now , would you like me to restore your sight and end our Mir § a , Ri § relationship ine ?
te	O	Raven drops down beside me and slips her foot out of her boot .
te	O	Then he returned and teleported his own body to the room where he showed her the truth of the hologram behind the ritual .
te	O	Alex walked down the wooden plank leading to J Dock at Pier 39 .
te	O	He smiles and the room is brightened .
te	O	What if he gets caught out here and it storms ?
te	I	The same wide gray eyes that seemed full light of .
te	O	I remembered this room .
te	I	Demons ran about front in of them , surprised at the unexpected invasion .
te	O	He wanted to pull her against him and kiss her until she moaned , but he resisted .
te	O	Now it seemed shabby and small , its beauty just our last shared illusion .
te	I	Claire rolled eyes her .
te	O	I could feel the blood drain from my face .
te	O	A week later , Kylie sat on a blanket out by the river where she and her mother had sat and talked about Daniel .
te	I	I pointed toward the direction of flames the .
te	I	Dean had seen always good where there was none .
te	O	The closer I got to the gates of freedom the louder my heart thundered .
te	I	The wooden floor gleamed under their feet , casting his reflection back its from mirror finish .
te	I	You know you 't can stay for long like that .
te	I	I happen to know that the owner this of bar can still get his hands on them .
te	I	I traced jaw his with a finger .
te	I	At the end of the table , a swivel chair sat with its to back us , hiding the speaker or CEO or whoever was in charge .
te	I	Did she recall the moments her before death ?
te	I	Before I can answer , a loud bang ignites on the other of side the window .
te	I	The Great Creator me gave my answer .
te	O	Parts of their brains didn 't function as well as we 'd hoped .
te	I	Nothing about his was appearance threatening , so it was easy for him to get close to someone without ever being tagged .
te	I	I 've been looking for father my .
te	O	Claire was used to the kind of fighting from the movies -- long , clanging duels with lots of moving around and occasional cape swirling .
te	O	Then she saw the look on his face .
te	I	These sorts of recollections were good both for of them , I thought .
te	I	But Alex had already taken of advantage him .
te	O	Hell , my new meds aren 't working .
te	I	' You believe different yourself , then ? '
te	O	I nodded , then finally asked the question I 'd been dying to ask all evening .
te	O	Then they dismissed it , apparently unable to see it though its contrail shown silvery against the clear blue sky .
te	I	Her arms circled his neck and she kissed his eyes , comer the of his mouth .
te	I	I feel the butterflies around fluttering in my belly again , the adrenaline rush , rush , rushing through my veins .
te	I	They worked 'd their way into her affections despite her resistance , and she wanted to stay and embrace them fully .
te	O	They had been sent out into the field against my father 's specific instructions .
te	O	He passed it across to the old man .
te	O	Not when Thimble and his brat needed him .
te	O	I aimed for the window right beside his head and fired .
te	O	He smiled ... tiredly , I thought .
te	O	That 's good , Bishop .
te	I	My parents told things me .
te	I	If she exploded in his face , he 'd right know now that he was wasting his time .
te	I	Josh turned at her words and gave a Claire strange look , almost a glare .
te	O	However , I did read of the murder .
te	O	But I think I understand them better now .
te	O	But the man has professed his love of you .
te	O	Unfortunately , it was just her and Jake ; there wasn 't another person in sight .
te	O	She exhaled a frustrated breath at being treated like a child .
te	I	He wiped face his .
te	O	I cracked the whip and spun in a circle , sending more currents into it as I felt it meet the resistance of bodies .
te	O	He 's pelted with rebel raindrops and kicks his boots off before falling to his knees on the tile floor .
te	O	Lina was positive others heard it too but they didn 't acknowledge it .
te	O	The heaviness in her chest lightened .
te	O	She knew it would take time before it was the same grassy paradise she 'd come to know and love in the presence of her friends .
te	I	We have a crowd gathering and it will impede our search the for missing child .
te	I	I took it from his hand showed and him how to pull the edible nuts out of the woody , brown spikes .
te	O	Glowing patches of blue and green grew like boils out of the red walls .
te	O	Suffice it to say , the problem could jeopardize everything we are working to achieve .
te	O	In the meantime , everyone had better watch their backs .
te	O	Other than Lucas , Kylie hadn 't really befriended any of them at the camp .
te	I	One hand held hat the from the bottom and the other covered the opening at the top .
te	I	There were beds of flowers surrounding the base of the house and a stone leading path around back .
te	O	A red , lycra clad arm waved from behind it .
te	O	But now I saw her and knew that nothing had changed .
te	O	If it reminds you of your sister , you should have it .
te	O	He doesn 't waste any time when he encounters an enemy .
te	I	Her charm did work not on this rough warrior though .
te	O	Every few moments , she looked over her shoulder , her focus on the massive creature that still searched for her in the brush .
te	O	Then the tips of several large iron smokestacks ; I suppose they were used when the submarine was sailing on the surface of the sea .
te	O	Now images of her murder came flashing into his mind .
te	I	We waved and smiled at everyone important , at everyone we were supposed pay to notice to .
te	I	He got up walked and to the door .
te	I	There was the sound footsteps of heading off into the woods , then silence .
te	O	Ice jabbed his finger toward Dale 's chest .
te	O	Where was Danny , Joe thought to himself .
te	O	All she could do now was wait and see what Blake 's next move would be .
te	I	But knew he that Geoffrey was speaking in another code .
te	I	It was the most eerie and menacing Kait street had ever seen .
te	O	Instead of trying to draw attention to herself , she worked to keep it away .
te	I	' You had 've your day . '
te	I	He slapped a off gnat his wrist .
te	O	Sibyl trudged back to the car , Mallory , as ever , loping hot on her heels .
te	I	His type of woman was the kind a sensible man would never marry and that was right all by him because he wanted to remain a bachelor .
te	O	I wasn 't good with horror movies .
te	O	He held out his hand and waited .
te	I	Elizabeth heard enough his in voice .
te	O	I ask in a bright voice .
te	I	It is illusion , it is symbol , it and is real .
te	O	We entered the elevators .
te	O	Overhead , the roof was perfectly domed , as if the chamber had been formed out of a bubble in the limestone .
te	O	Yeah ... he felt fabulous .
te	I	Keep it open because it 't doesn ring or vibrate .
te	I	A came village under attack from four demons .
te	O	Further , at the time , vampires hunted for their food .
te	O	My stomach did a flip .
te	O	Kirstie would have a secure life , just as he 'd hoped to discover when he 'd landed in Minot two weeks ago .
te	O	You 've laughed and cried with them .
te	O	It was said that Mistborn were heralds of the mists themselves , endowed with great powers by the Lord Ruler .
te	I	The past grew dim against a future her with .
te	O	They were done quickly , as it was a rather small dinner .
te	O	How could it have swallowed my mother whole ?
te	I	I sat to down begin writing the screenplay .
te	O	Jo stared and tried to memorize the numbers on the license plate as the van moved slowly through the parking lot .
te	I	She each eyed of them in turn .
te	I	Beth had chosen to sit her to left .
te	O	Or maybe my parents just needed something ?
te	O	It wasn 't until I purchased his soda and we came back outside that he spoke again .
te	I	If I can get some , we can it use to dispose of everything .
te	I	Her body was on fire just from simple his touch .
te	O	Hannah doubted it was Gabe , but she hopped up , just in case .
te	I	They waited until Wilhelmina climbed the stairs the to nursery before going to the library .
te	O	I eyed the spa-like bathroom attached to the room .
te	O	I drank a glass of water and sat down at the computer .
te	O	The woods did seem to whisper and groan .
te	I	The child would have been born at exactly almost the same time Riley Peterson would have been born .
te	I	Strange called circumstances for even stranger measures , and these were strange circumstances indeed .
te	I	No matter how much I wished wasn it 't true , it was .
te	I	Jordan 's eyes narrowed on that satisfied smile , then lifted to knowing her blue eyes .
te	O	Anyway , I was second chair .
te	O	She felt her legs return , but didn 't want to get up for fear that Ana would see her and think that she heard them .
te	I	Beth hadn 't realised she still had shoulder her bag .
te	O	Fred ran a hand through his dark hair .
te	O	Hand on the railing , and the downstairs people drifted up .
te	O	Yeah , Seth said .
te	O	Since there had been no deaths so far , this class was also left open .
te	I	She picked Mia up from afterschool the daycare and let them inside the cottage , trying to ignore the cloudy sky that promised more rain .
te	I	Because I trust with him everything .
te	I	But I I think may have a way around it .
te	I	He a pushed little further , but still could not see anything : the room was pitch black .
te	I	This time I looked to see the where noise came from .
te	O	I 've seen what wonderful is , and what it isn 't , and this is definitely wonderful .
te	I	Make sure all the doors are locked down here , then hide in the crawl until space the cops or an ambulance comes .
te	I	I hadn 't realized I 'd said out it loud .
te	O	This is a favor I 'm doing for you .
te	I	If this was 2.0 Mallory , I thoroughly approved .
te	I	There is yet time , and I do not want to spoil these days we have . '
te	O	His eyes locked onto mine .
te	O	Vincent blinked in surprise .
te	O	' I guess so , ' he said speaking for the first time in ages .
te	O	Don 't be that way .
te	I	Maybe it was better even not to talk ?
te	I	Lace cascaded from the and throat the cuffs .
te	O	I pushed back after a short moment -- much shorter than I would have liked .
te	O	' Fascinating ... and terrible !
te	I	She had on fishnet a shirt and a tight red bodice .
te	O	The kelp knew that as long as humans accepted Flattery as the Director they would never realize their potential as One .
te	O	I hurried up to the bathroom , where I kept my pajamas for just such nights as these .
te	O	They hadn 't even asked him to come along .
te	O	If my being psychically neutered meant his feelings for me had changed , he needed to tell me .
te	O	I swallow hard at the thought , then put on a brave face .
te	O	But her eyes soon rose and met the Goddess ' .
te	O	The bastard was still doing his job as my bodyguard while working to undermine the alliance .
te	O	He turns to regard me out of his serious blue-green eyes .
te	I	Boots pounded toward them both from directions .
te	O	Ricky picked a stone off the top of the neatly assembled pile and noticed that it was perfectly smooth and about the size of his fist .
te	O	I asked at a loss .
te	I	It was weird knowing that many of these waited contractors on directions from me .
te	I	He keeps asking me I if 'm okay and it 's getting really annoying .
te	I	She shook her head from to side side , pawed at it , and opened her mouth repeatedly to its widest extent .
te	I	Tony was immediately and apologetic more than happy to answer questions about his response time to the call and exactly what had been wrong with the vehicle .
te	I	The music ends and releases Daniel me .
te	O	Three sets of eyes watched me .
te	O	' I owe you one , I 'll keep quiet , ' he said .
te	I	There two are other groups .
te	O	Even though he was her brother , even though she loved him more than any other person on this earth , she had no rights to him .
te	I	With a grin , Tristan kicked pole the .
te	O	They 're in a gang .
te	O	Jimmy , John and Ben all turned and stared at the aristocrats with questioning looks upon their faces .
te	I	I know that Mia wrote down all of the recipes she learned from Gabriel for children the after insisting on doing all of the cooking .
te	O	Then I found out it wasn 't a joke and there wasn 't enough food on the ship to feed the crew and we were in port !
te	I	Yes , a girlfriend , but he didn 't think about that for more a than second .
te	O	As I lay in my bed , I cuddled Nightmare in my arms .
te	O	I nodded and smiled .
te	O	No wonder Harry had made the comment about marrying people .
te	I	But nothing missing was .
te	I	When morning came , they 'd be able check to in the light .
te	O	She couldn 't wait to get home and gloat to her mother .
te	I	How much the family entire did .
te	I	There 's a different nurse at the desk now , so I try one more time to Erin see .
te	O	She was almost saddened to let it go , but exhaled anyway .
te	O	As he prepared to relocate he felt a tingling sensation .
te	O	He was so relieved as he watched Jim on the altar that he almost started to cry .
te	O	He was just getting out a frying pan to cook some eggs when his phone buzzed to tell him he 'd received a text message .
te	O	Just being with him gave her a feeling of peace and belonging , but it lacked ... excitement .
te	O	She pushed at the buttons on the remote nervously , flipping channel after channel .
te	I	He doesn even 't know what happened to Uriah .
te	O	I don 't know if I can survive that .
te	I	Bugs of all colors and shapes bizarre climbed on his boot .
te	I	And it ended had .
te	O	He got up and switched it off .
te	I	While Grubbs is gone , I think about I what 'm going to say when he returns .
te	I	We walked over to Hippolytus I and arranged them around the brazier .
te	O	She did not want to speak for someone who could have , might have , or maybe did the unthinkable .
te	I	Its glass walls are reflective , hiding the away castle 's insides .
te	I	He gently but freed firmly his arm , then patted her hand .
te	O	Fear fluttered through Erin 's heart .
te	I	Dark beams give the place a rugged certain charm .
te	O	I turn and pick my way through the store , sticking near to the wall and out of sight .
te	I	Well , hard her for .
te	O	The Eiffel Tower winked through the rain now hitting the windows .
te	I	We found a games with room a pinball machine and a roulette wheel .
te	O	John hoped that Terry and Mal had accomplished their task on the far side .
te	O	His hand moved to Evie 's belly and pressed in gentle reassurance .
te	I	Marius pulled off his left glove and stuck his on hand the keypad .
te	I	Luis and laughed shook his head .
te	I	Silently , he slid down the wall , into the darkened of room his Maker .
te	O	The scent of roses drifted to my nostrils just before a warm leg pressed against mine , offering me body heat .
te	I	Sye looked , simply then stood there dumbfounded .
te	O	The other swung around , shaking free the tank from the pack and hugging it to his chest like a shield .
te	I	Once she ascertained where she was held being , once she understood the layout , then , only then ... She prayed for the chance .
te	I	The monitor North showed a glow from the crushing plant .
te	I	Come get yourself it .
te	O	As a basketball , he found sleeping even more difficult that he had as a human , something he could have scarcely imagined before .
te	O	Bookcases covered all the walls .
te	I	Thank you for respecting all of the hard incredibly work and time that went into it .
te	O	David was there , with a smile and a bottle of wine .
te	I	one them of asked .
te	O	There , I made myself over .
te	I	I bend pick and it up .
te	O	A dark form filled her vision .
te	O	Each bullet penetrated the man 's chest ; they could see the holes through the suit he was wearing .
te	O	I quickly tried to wipe at the moisture seeping from my eyes , but I knew it was too late .
te	I	It was hard always , this part .
te	O	the goth girl cries .
te	I	Tim went back and peeked the around corner .
te	O	I clamped my eyes shut and prayed for a sudden earthquake or hurricane .
te	O	Billy and his wheelchair tumbled completely over .
te	I	But even Rose couldn 't be everywhere at once , and must she have had to choose .
te	I	Simone then appeared more frightened than any of crew the had ever seen her .
te	I	I remember climbing the Ferris wheel on the pier , my muscles shaking , hands my throbbing .
te	I	April 's hands went to her belly , pressing something against I couldn 't see .
te	I	His brown was hair tied up in a scarf .
te	I	I 'm not denying existence I ; 'm qualifying interpretation .
te	O	One of our California operatives realized what was happening and tried to evade us by running with his family to Nevada .
te	O	Her physical and emotional health was fragile and growing more so all the time .
te	O	I ask , taking a break from the stripper .
te	I	This turn in led the other three to turn away and fall asleep .
te	I	Since I saw you the first day of class , I 've done nothing but think you about and how we ended things .
te	O	We were going home .
te	I	The next was minute unknown to us , and it might not even come .
te	I	' It 's been two since years the eclipse , Old Man , ' I pointed out . '
te	I	Every time Robin saw him play with Cole 's Labrador , she marveled at how they attuned were to each other .
te	O	Years of being an alpha had cemented his own protection .
te	O	There was a pause .
te	I	Leo echoed himself to .
te	I	Cause is yet undetermined , sources but at the coroner 's office claim that accidental drowning is likely .
te	I	' Maybe they 're funeral making arrangements or something , ' I suggested .
te	I	They 'd sustained her the through long lonely years of widowhood .
te	I	I headed back to the bridal shop , amazed to find that I right was on schedule .
te	O	The God King had moved , sitting up straighter , regarding her from his darkened chair beside the bed .
te	O	No one took up her challenge .
te	O	Chapter 26 Crow and Harrod peered round the room but strangely there was indeed no other way out .
te	I	Love said , ' But he came in every day other that week . '
te	O	Another piece fell down as he touched it .
te	O	When did it change ?
te	O	I have made my deal , and I will fulfill it .
te	I	She smiled faintly at his teasing then and shook her head .
te	I	We are of aware it .
te	O	The wings which were strapped to his chest seemed somewhat less resplendent than they appeared at the bridge .
te	I	The book was written , it would place no undue stress on writing my , I would not need to worry about its influence over the work .
te	O	He retrieved her cup and placed it in her hands , then shifted her so she was off balance and had to relax against his chest .
te	I	Long term , there could be a much larger for spin-off the whole district .
te	I	That was on other the side of the city .
te	I	What hair I had left neatly was combed .
te	I	There was no need to lecture her on the importance of making sure the equipment ready was to go .
te	I	If I hadn 't almost been one of his victims , I might have felt sorry him for .
te	I	He gave her shoulders squeeze a .
te	O	I pull her close and drift back to sleep , breathing in her strawberry scent .
te	I	He lifted the basket of bread from chariot the with his sword .
te	I	Why hadn 't Jakob seemed more worried his about disappearance ?
te	I	He a cocked bushy white eyebrow .
te	I	Pausing at the window , she looked out , hoping , praying 'd she find some sign of Riley .
te	I	Toby could still feel the string that drew him to and Lyssa the further they got , the thinner it felt .
te	I	All kinds of modern weapons , the like magic tricks of the devil was what this was .
te	O	I knew it in the pit of my stomach , while my heart beat for only her .
te	I	The footsteps below to started slowly ascend .
te	I	I 've it seen before .
te	O	Trying to get my breath back .
te	I	It much was quieter and at some point she drifted into a doze and she saw herself .
te	O	Taking health and hygiene one step too far , if you ask me .
te	I	Though will he have to answer for the man he killed , it is not our goal to hurt him .
te	O	He shifted unintentionally forward on the chair , perching on the very edge and leaning toward her as the anticipation built .
te	O	I followed her into the kitchen .
te	I	He says he doesn 't want to talk about Jackie and kicks my foot off my knee so I 'll hit him , I which do .
te	I	' Of course , but about what you ? '
te	I	After the meal , they all gathered again once in the living room , and the conversation flowed .
te	I	I think I see amusement in his eyes but his face is so stern that I can 't tell if it genuine 's .
te	I	Very rarely in nature does a catch deluge you by complete surprise .
te	O	he asked her , eager to turn his mind away from all the things he 'd done wrong by her , now and before .
te	O	Lovers wrote their names on locks , hooked them to the links and tossed the keys in the river as a promise .
te	I	Her eyes glistened in the light the of fire , as tears filled her eyes .
te	O	She can 't run from us now , but some of the pirates are still puttin ' up a fight .
te	O	I followed his instructions until we pulled into a large field that was currently filling up with cars .
te	O	Chapter 20 Smoke was rising from the Jedi Temple in several different areas .
te	O	Kaylee 's scent lingered , but it seemed to be traveling away from the building and not inside it .
te	O	There was a mixture of amazement and terror there at being this close to a dragon .
te	I	Trying to life imitate .
te	O	Walker walked behind the row of darkened shops and turned right at the corner .
te	O	I was out within seconds .
te	O	CUT TO : - The group walking through the hospital parking lot .
te	I	The of innards the great castle were no different than the outsides .
te	O	' Yes , just us ... and ... ' ' And ? '
te	I	Chapter Two Tristan Nina was on sitting her bed when I gently pushed the bedroom door open .
te	I	Scarlet tinged silver with .
te	I	For once , he craved being back amid the at ice the lodge .
te	O	When my head started to swim , I realized I hadn 't taken a breath since he faced me .
te	I	Jordan closed his eyes , but could not remember fighting a with guard .
te	O	Daniel found a warm smile even though his Adam 's apple throbbed .
te	I	She realized then that the sound had from come her own chest .
te	O	She didn 't know , couldn 't guess .
te	O	Its surface was polished , with a glazed crust that seemed to have formed at high heat .
te	I	Yes , in San downtown Jose .
te	O	But while I felt these things , I really didn 't feel them .
te	I	I need to find her , so I can thank her for saving my life , like I should have done four ago months .
te	I	She was bored silly with the never fine ending tuning of the device .
te	O	This was their idea of a joke and before I grew angry , I checked myself .
te	I	Peter had indeed confessed that the family were rather despairing over Serena predicament 's - she was twenty-five and nowhere near getting married .
te	O	But they were not the same men .
te	O	He 's out of control over this girl !
te	I	Blood from oozed his knuckles .
te	O	All of the creatures made similar gestures -- all but one .
te	O	But being on stage gave me more power to control things , to save dropped lines and find lost props .
te	O	Another part wanted him and was willing to forgive it all for a passionate kiss .
te	I	But I was already hundred a miles away . '
te	I	Like Sebastian had Becky craved .
te	I	' Su , first you complete your graduation .
te	I	I think a about lot of things here .
te	I	I imagined looking Derek at me across a dinner table sixty years from now .
te	I	The last word came out with stretched a ' u ' sound .
te	I	It fell her through stomach and burned into her abdomen .
te	I	Anthony opens the squeaky door glass .
te	O	I refill his plate of grass before lying down on the bed .
te	I	Then we can make sure , when you leave , we that get you back down the hill safely .
te	I	The flower remained , in sitting the exact place Hart had left the others for her years before .
te	O	I expect you to tell me the truth and I strongly suspect that what you have just outlined is the truth .
te	O	He untied the sagebrush and lifted it just enough to see what was going on out on the ledge .
te	O	They grabbed parts of his sides , neck and back in their mouth holes , tearing at his flesh with sharp fangs .
te	O	CHAPTER FIVE Chicago , Illinois KEITH 'S CALL CAME on Saturday , catching Isaac in his car on the way to the university .
te	O	The news was terrible : The Shilo was definitely not going to reach them in time .
te	O	Everything about this suit accentuated his most favorable features .
te	O	The road forked a little further ahead marking the turnoff for Gallo .
te	O	Will it hold ? '
te	O	They 'd grown up to be a cop , a soldier , business owners , an executive and of course , a doctor .
te	I	On her own ship , a bullet whizzing her past ear .
te	O	Mom had demanded it since we were all growing up and leaving the nest .
te	I	It was cramped inside , with a low ceiling , all made out rough of timbers .
te	O	The monks required all compassion to motivate the congregation to get their ousted priests back into the church .
te	I	The others didn look 't worried about the water , though .
te	I	What I said was , could you be replaced .
te	I	I my drew son closer and whispered into the softness of his hair .
te	I	I pointed toward an empty spot parking on the main street .
te	O	He looked at his water glass like it held every secret to the universe and then stood .
te	O	Red light shone in through the open door , and through the trunks of the saplings growing everywhere .
te	I	The will people be separated and weakened .
te	I	Then , out of the burning heart the of fire , a dark shape began to take form .
te	O	He whistled softly under his breath as he began to alter his appearance .
te	O	It was white with fur trim and purple laces .
te	O	Now , years later , he had the ear of the most powerful man in the world .
te	I	They almost were there .
te	O	Silent , shaking , Danika studied his face through the watery shield of her lashes .
te	O	Alma snapped out of her reverie to see Allegra waving her hat over her head and calling up to them .
te	O	I 'm guessing there 's some sort of emotion building in her and she 's trying to keep it together .
te	O	Sarah asks , approaching cautiously from the mouth of the alley .
te	O	She was so terribly vulnerable to the physical attraction he exerted .
te	O	I had to yell a couple of times before Don actually stopped moving .
te	I	Lyssa stood with her arms wrapped around her as her began head to throb .
te	I	There was ping a within thirty seconds .
te	O	I can only sympathize , but honestly , who could have created such a unique appearance .
te	O	The pilot chute is the little parachute that comes out first when the skydiver throws it or pulls the rip cord .
te	O	And I know you can 't swim . '
te	O	She tried again and it coughed and died .
te	I	I 'm not sure even why .
te	I	Instead of moving them , he still remained .
te	I	There was so much hope and fear reflected her in gaze that it made Grace want to wrap her arms around her and hug her .
te	O	Dreamer chose her words very carefully .
te	I	His leisurely rocked kiss her to the core .
te	O	This was the first time since leaving Danton that Zeal had stopped talking .
te	O	Charlotte knew her daughter 's fitness plan had caused arguments between them , but she 'd assumed things were better now .
te	I	His head and ached body from striking the pavement .
te	O	It squealed as he grabbed it .
te	O	The engine roars as my body presses into the seat .
te	I	Crista felt herself pulled to the edge of the pool , and a murmur swept the chamber when she stepped onto the thick root kelp of .
te	O	He squeezed her hand , and Emily 's heart did a somersault .
te	I	If I find Laurent 's accomplice I be may able to find him .
te	O	He hates her as much as I .
te	O	She kissed his mouth , tasted her own tears as she wrapped her arms around his bulky shoulders and let her relief pour out of her .
te	I	He had betrayed her , yes , a and part of her hated him for that .
te	I	Sulley exited the office and began to through rummage a pile of hand-written messages on a nearby desk before he caught sight of me .
te	I	Shane tried to leap to his feet , Duncan but and Eric held him down .
te	O	There wasn 't anything I could say .
te	O	It was a flickering sensation , so subtle and foreign I barely noticed it .
te	I	An eternity later they finally the reached door .
te	I	I just had this feeling that it was what she needed , but was it more of an unconscious thing now that I look back on it .
te	I	But then , Captain Perry threw open another door at the end of another long , winding hallway , and light and noise filled suddenly the air .
te	O	The young man looks around the deserted restaurant .
te	I	Can conscience your bear turning your back on this poor little soul ?
te	I	Once they were in privacy the of his small room , she 'd protested that she wouldn 't stay with him .
te	I	But what if she had fallen in love with Creat a .
te	I	He handle could the abuse at the office , but he preferred to live in peace .
te	I	They are deadly if used as exactly intended .
te	I	And I it love when you spout off long , nervous , ridiculous rants .
te	I	Report their find to the proper authorities and come back times numerous and check out everything before ever pulling out one of the stones .
te	I	This wasn 't just grove a of trees , it was an entire forest .
te	O	asked Ryan , not really wanting to know the answer .
te	O	The water gently worked a great wheel , turning it over and over again without cease .
te	O	Mapping the best place to establish a settlement .
te	O	How could this end well ?
te	I	' Daddy he said 'd come down this chimney ! '
te	O	Mac shifted her head , and her hair tickled the bottom of his chin .
te	I	But what the hell else was he supposed do to ?
te	O	Claire wished she could have watched the person in front do it , but they were already out of sight further down the course .
te	O	He stepped into the room , his mother behind him , in time to see Alice trying to open the window with shaking hands .
te	I	She walked in , dressed in the black suit track she used for working out .
te	O	Three months after the trip to Zurich the $ 200M was wired to their account .
te	O	She stepped along until she saw dusty footprints and smeared paw prints from the chase .
te	I	It was purpose on .
te	O	I offer them to you , free of charge , because I enjoy writing and want to share them with you .
te	I	Emotionally exhausted , they sat in silence Ethan until came back carrying their drinks on a tray .
te	I	He figured was it for the benefit of the Tolman children , and he approved .
te	O	With time , Sebastian got used to it and hardly noticed this difference between them anymore .
te	O	Even as the robot spoke a harsh white light suddenly blazed onto the shed , illuminating the stolen army boat with its cargo of elves and dwarves .
te	O	Put down your weapons .
te	O	Not knowing what to say , Max went to stand beside Luke , dragging Tara along with him .
te	O	Steak , scrambled eggs , and thick pieces of toasted bread spread with butter and some of the berry jam she 'd made .
te	I	Suddenly both of the McGill 's wandering eyes zeroed on in her .
te	I	She didn 't have really any experience to fall back on to guide her .
te	O	From what I saw , they are all armed .
te	O	She turned and waited for him to continue speaking .
te	I	She wasn happy 't Eric told her to leave after I showed up .
te	O	And he wasn 't quite as lame as I 'd thought he was at first .
te	O	Just jump you coward .
te	I	Plus , they could infected get .
te	O	However , my gaze didn 't falter .
te	I	Petra 's young cousin was facing off with a boy head a taller and a good deal heavier .
te	I	I already 've destroyed it all .
te	I	But for vampire the who was being yanked out of the rift by the infuriated Dark Lord .
te	O	I watch him as he quietly circles the car , his hand sliding over the body .
te	I	I need to move as her soon as I can , but where will I take her ?
te	I	The followed door and closed .
te	O	I turn to face the Ringer , only to find him flushed .
te	O	Nolen was after a Mage who still bore no name .
te	O	As we walked past the other vampires , I couldn 't help but feel something was amiss .
te	O	Anybody can lie to anybody .
te	O	Aunt Bertie is sleeping we don 't want to wake her .
te	I	Hana 's were eyes wide .
te	I	Kings were supposed to be a different little .
te	I	There was from hesitation Benson .
te	I	He danced with of women all sorts .
te	O	He never noticed anyone but me .
te	O	she asked the man sitting next to her .
te	O	She was there , but Rich wasn 't .
te	O	Finally , well past dark and furious enough to start spitting , he stumbled out of the tavern and headed to the inn .
te	I	She and sighed nodded .
te	I	Olivia thought her heart was going explode to .
te	O	Maurice slid something into Reginald 's hand .
te	I	I with said a laugh .
te	I	The place swarming was with reporters .
te	I	When the dead are hushed in and their graves .
te	O	Each morning , Sebastian would kiss me on the head and then disappear through the bedroom door , not returning until well after sundown .
te	I	Once it more was left to his colleague .
te	O	The Greens itself was a lush underground park maintained by an old Islander biologist .
te	I	The aroma of wieners his overtaking the streets meant that spring had arrived .
te	O	Mom had a boyfriend who would come visit her every few years .
te	O	A woman he wanted beneath him immediately .
te	I	I 'm pretty I sure know where and how they are being taken .
te	O	Since I hadn 't yet mentioned Cadogan House , I assumed whoever had called my parents mentioned the affiliation .
te	I	Maybe she no had romance left in her .
te	O	When he came out of her bedroom , Annie had already poured herself a glass of white wine .
te	O	Her long , straight hair is rich auburn and her bangs are cut severely , like Cleopatra 's .
te	I	I pulled my out nursing textbook and began reading chapter twenty-two sitting in the chair beside him .
te	O	Jonas White is a magician of no small talent .
te	I	Selena cheerfully said , entering the apartment .
te	I	The kid and accepted sniffed it but didn 't eat .
te	I	She gets up from the sofa goes and and kisses Bill square on the mouth .
te	I	Her mother instantly leapt to the truth , of understanding Ari 's behaviour towards them flashing straight into her eyes .
te	I	It didn 't take long to figure out people were talking about had what happened in the town square earlier today .
te	O	The last thing that we needed was to worry about Shane 's job .
te	I	Dallas stopped and pacing turned to face her .
te	I	None of would them .
te	O	Branches reached at her as she passed , but she ignored everything except the bright light coming through the trees ahead of her .
te	I	A zombie advanced on him and an like idiot , he tripped backward and fell .
te	O	Maurice was there waiting for her .
te	I	In the end , the scouts us brought dismal tidings as the days cooled again .
te	O	That 's the only time she 's been here .
te	O	She didn 't only have to get him but keep him too .
te	O	Mr. Jones slows the bike in a semicircle at the front of campus .
te	I	It 's a city nation in and total complete .
te	I	She going started through her hair .
te	O	Edgar made a gruff sound and stood , stalking to the fireplace to stare into the flames .
te	O	I read until close to midnight and finally drifted off to sleep where I sat .
te	I	Prudence requires all hands to man forward the deck , if you take my meaning .
te	I	Her arms came up around his shoulders and to his great embarrassment , an shudder involuntary went through his entire body .
te	I	His touch left tingling a trail .
te	O	Brenda entered the kitchen and dropped the bag of other supplies on the counter .
te	O	The impact knocked all the breath from my lungs .
te	O	Riley looked over at Kimber who was still standing there in shock and climbed off his bike and gave me a hard shove .
te	I	Fluffy snorted at bit this of liberal apostasy .
te	O	He 'd rescheduled the original wedding date so they all had time to recover from their ordeal .
te	O	Was it surrounding the whole school ?
te	O	I have forgotten what floor the library was in , he thought .
te	I	I twisted my wrist , but Barnabas wouldn release 't me .
te	I	He unlocked the and office entered .
te	O	They didn 't talk much after the rest of the meal arrived .
te	I	The has wind a way of tossing our brains , just like the water did our emotions .
te	O	How many hits had I taken ?
te	I	His light brown hair is thick with stiff a wave that rises above his forehead .
te	I	A pout formed at the corners her of mouth .
te	I	I back look at Gabe .
te	I	He didn 't want to give her the opportunity change to her mind .
te	O	It was easier to believe in the Dragon and less easy to believe in Thorin in these wild parts .
te	O	Gage sighed , clearly disappointed with her powers of observation .
te	O	What usually happens is that drums get left outdoors and it rains so they collect water inside the top rim .
te	I	I did what I could to make sure the trip wouldn 't take any than longer necessary .
te	I	Only after several rings did realize she the irritating sound wasn 't part of some dream .
te	I	She glanced at the wall and clock sighed .
te	I	She her rolled eyes again .
te	I	Nick grabbed Ash by the front of his coat and pulled him close enough that he whisper could in his ear .
te	O	Heather wasn 't just saying goodbye to her mother .
te	O	I couldn 't seem to get him out of my mind .
te	I	It was just ... I don know 't .
te	I	The metal needle in the bottle coke bounced around as if someone held the bottle and was shaking it .
te	O	I leaned over and pinned her with my gaze .
te	I	Perhaps that my 's fate .
te	O	The flash flew in front of me , and in an instant , the creepy man was flying through the air .
te	O	Her sweet plea mixed with his rising desire .
te	I	Did I really think that I would land at 8am and feel fresh and relaxed , to ready take on the first day of my honeymoon ?
te	I	There was one only woman in a stall down near the end .
te	I	The other part realized that putting brother-in-law his away wouldn 't help either family .
te	O	He sat in the lengthening shadows of the surrounding forest and cast his line into the water .
te	O	Dad 's eyes filled with tears as he gripped her shoulders .
te	I	She held out her hand , revealing a red apple on palm her .
te	O	He couldn 't imagine the pain he would have inflicted had he been forced to rub that stuff in Raymond 's face .
te	I	Again , was he surprised at Buzz ' friendliness .
te	O	He was in there , and she would be out here , waiting for him when he awoke .
te	O	Layton grazes his finger along the inside of my wrist , though instead of welcoming his touch , I move my arm away .
te	O	If she was stuck in this place for an entire year , then she was going to walk away with at least some knowledge .
te	O	On the radio was a series of programmes , one I remember , was about forecasting the weather and the ' Butterfly Effect ' .
te	O	He jerks his head in the direction we were heading and I turn , following his gaze into the trees ahead of us .
te	I	Just as my nerves started settle to , Snake came to a halt .
te	O	She glanced at Kyle who was picking up a glass skull and holding it up to the light .
te	I	They passed a colourful print the on wall .
te	O	After chasing him for decades , Edward hadn 't wanted to let Billy live .
te	I	He told had that awful man where Tristan and I were .
te	I	I 've watched you try to deal with different being and I could see that you felt like less than the rest of them .
te	I	Megan shook head her .
te	O	He had noticed her lipstick as well .
te	I	He wished her luck in locating the Jake was she searching for and that was the end of that .
te	O	' I 'd like to , but I need to get organized first .
te	O	If I have to repeat the question again , your youngest sister will be killed .
te	O	I asked , tapping my bare foot on the carpet .
te	I	Quit to trying carve so many pumpkins .
te	O	Each little creature is a door into Me .
te	I	Victor looked like he was ready to rip the man head 's off .
te	I	Red lights shone behind mask the , placed probably more for aesthetic reasons than practical ones , roughly where the eyes and mouth should be .
te	O	Not only couldn 't he control her , but he also couldn 't make sure she found some freak accident that finally put her in the ground .
te	I	Stealing away like thieves in the night , saying nothing to any of their friends , seemed like only the solution .
te	O	Both of them fell back , tipping the chair over .
te	I	The exercises gradually increased in difficulty and Neil grimaced a little as Andrew deflected every shot Neil his aimed way .
te	O	I start to shake my head .
te	I	He snaps the at fly , misses , then licks his jaws .
te	O	Shame and disgrace were things she was well accustomed to .
te	O	The wolf never returned , possibly because of his vigilance .
te	I	Mike turned the onto indicated road and sure enough , in a short time , a small town lay ahead .
te	O	I let it go , though .
te	I	She looked like a bulldog , short and stout , with an oversized jaw lower and a personality like artificial sugar .
te	O	He took me with abandon and when I asked to come , asked for release , he set me free .
te	O	She was hoping he 'd take the hint and disappear for a while , so she didn 't have to fight him and herself too .
te	O	I took it and carefully lifted the lid .
te	I	Winston then walked the to far corner of the room and unplugged the late twentieth century security camera , wired through a small hole in the ceiling .
te	I	His heart just exploded about .
te	O	The past few weeks Knox and I were really connecting and I thought by us making love it was going to finally seal the deal for us .
te	O	To that end , he and two of his knights approached the gate again and demanded to talk to Guy Lene .
te	I	To tell you I was a jerk , and that it 't wasn anything you did .
te	O	He takes a step outside and hurls the corpse .
te	O	She was a smart girl from America and was surely bound for college herself .
te	O	We split up and ended up robbing whatever we wanted due to everyone being riveted by Peter the Hermit .
te	I	Back to work , Tom told himself , and focused on the at business hand .
te	I	said Nick , after he decided that he wouldn 't this miss chance even if it killed him .
te	I	He knelt at the side of my bed and leaned in to brush back matted the hair stuck to my dampened forehead .
te	I	He chose closet the first .
te	I	I can ´ t look back , least at , I try not to .
te	O	She lowered her head and looked at Kara sideways , but never made eye contact .
te	O	I had cooked for him and enjoyed looking at him and listening to him talk .
te	O	The kids hooted and hollered as Timmy cracked fancies and hobbled about with clownish zeal .
te	I	When I noticed what it was , I my shook head .
te	I	She leads me into the room dining .
te	I	He didn 't get offended , most as men probably would .
te	I	It was lucky that this other bloke must 've seen him as well , cos it was him that calmed down me like .
te	I	I whisper to as Rachel we walk .
te	O	Those of us who were gifted with super strength were digging because we could move the sandstone easily and quickly .
te	I	Surprisingly , he had acted quite gracefully ; just after the break up , they remained had friendly to each other .
te	O	Hopefully she was on file and I could find out who she was .
te	I	But choke I it down .
te	I	Virus spun slowly to face me , her draining face of color .
te	O	The would finally be able to shed the restraints -- the cold shackles of civilization -- and be human .
te	O	He can build definite images of what he is smelling , moving images .
te	O	The sign of an easy friendship that came from a shared childhood and history .
te	I	She at looked the clock .
te	I	' It 's just as thought I .
te	O	He should know that if he wanted casual , he shouldn 't have asked Mary and Judy to pick the restaurant .
te	O	I still maintained that I could stay here forever , that I could take whatever they threw at me .
te	I	Each seat was occupied by a scientist , each of them speaking busily at the same time .
te	I	That 's why they keep as them pets .
te	O	I knew what question she wanted to ask .
te	I	She passed it to him with an smile encouraging .
te	O	He took a deep breath and took my hand .
te	I	As he watched the roll-up screen , Kenny wondered why they would have made a tunnel such to a useless room .
te	O	Fortunately the ship 's crew survived the turbulence and the ship was gliding around the room again .
te	O	My ears ring with the staccato thrum , thrum , thrum of my heart .
te	I	I wouldn ´ t want to mess him with ... ever .
te	I	Not sure if he should hold his position and wait or continue , first he scanned the forest .
te	O	With a soft laugh , she held it out to him .
te	O	Kill the prophet and anyone that will try to help save him .
te	O	Nina 's fingers tore through my shirt buttons until it hung open , and I quickly shrugged out of it .
te	O	Yeah , but I also need someone to cook and do the laundry and stuff .
te	I	When the car came , I didn think 't she really meant to do it ; but she did . '
te	I	He held up another black hard drive , which was labeled clearly in silver ink .
te	I	She 'd allowed herself act to on her own impulse and desire .
te	O	And that would explain why the Citadel was going to such great lengths to curtail word of it getting out .
te	O	I need to call the prison and get that info .
te	I	Lisa 's eyes flutter open and she winces at throbbing the in her head and eyes .
te	I	And he liked it , which was kind of strange since he 'd hated before it this .
te	I	The young women reached a fork in lane the -- from there , their huts were in different directions .
te	I	He laid a on hand her shoulder as she joined him at the very edge of the courtyard .
te	O	If it is , it 's going to make things a little strange for us . '
te	O	There was nothing they could do to stop me once I wasn 't living under their roof any more .
te	O	Danni heaved an exasperated sigh .
te	O	Antonia suddenly felt really sick .
te	O	I walked through the park , strange and shadowy .
te	I	Once again she had the she feeling 'd seen him somewhere before .
te	O	Casey wondered if she 'd messed up somehow .
te	I	The thought flashed through Jake 's mind , followed by a more much acceptable alternative .
te	I	He understood now that his plan been had found out .
te	I	After all , there 't wasn any reason to hurry .
te	I	Will his lowered voice .
te	O	A sudden breeze rushed by and I sneezed .
te	O	He answered it in a low voice which was typical .
te	I	It happening was again , her mark , as she referred to it too , was illuminated .
te	I	Arik scowled before he moved out the of cat 's reach .
te	I	Strange formed words in his mind .
te	O	But there was something about the way he was looking at her that scared me .
te	I	Tanner had emptied his compound , almost , bringing more than wolves fifty with him .
te	I	A small kitchen stood at the end of the living room , along with a dining table surrounded by captain four 's chairs .
te	I	This group have over taken the committee and brought in all these new regulations .
te	O	' We 've got to get some sleep ; but not both together with that hungry villain nigh , promise or no promise .
te	I	Jett mumbled underneath breath his .
te	I	But 's it only for a short while .
te	O	No response , of course .
te	I	He raised up slightly and over peered the log .
te	I	I looked after really him confused .
te	O	It was worse than when Momma and Daddy changed her name .
te	I	He hoped she would listen , or the cuts and bruises they had both just sustained would be nothing for .
te	O	The room was completely white with a table and several racks full of monitoring equipment right next to it .
te	O	Food wrappers , spillages of cereal and milk , and uneaten bread crusts were scattered across all available surfaces and parts of the floor .
te	I	Fifteen minutes later Scott Lyndon pulled the truck to a stop near large a yellow bulldozer .
te	I	Dham 's voice jolts me into awareness the of people around me .
te	I	' The remains often are burnt , although you don 't have to do that . '
te	I	David made a big mistake and it hurt Melody , but overall , they always 'd struck Beth as a happy couple .
te	O	It wasn 't like I hated the idea of Noah fighting , just the idea of him getting hurt .
te	O	Rico handled the techno stuff , and between us she and I could get to the bottom of most anything .
te	O	It 's a way of awakening the child inside , who never dies but only sleeps ever more deeply .
te	I	He wanted from something her she dared not think about .
te	I	After all this , was I standing there unprepared .
te	I	The quieted crowd again .
te	O	I am so cold ... so horribly cold .
te	O	As if she stood beside him with her hand in his .
te	O	Michael held the spear in one hand and the ax in the other .
te	I	Ever since Mason had gone back to Austin , she had become a somewhat fixture permanent at Scarlett and Max 's apartment .
te	I	A family He - sniffed the air .
te	O	' It 's been over for nearly a year now and we only dated for a couple of weeks .
te	O	I startle a laugh out of him , the first since he 's been back .
te	I	I would my lose mind like this .
te	I	And with that , I into blurred immortal speed .
te	I	In front such of a large crowd ?
te	O	He thrust a finger through his loose hair and then dropped his hand .
te	O	Perhaps I never would .
te	O	Hitting the ally sidewalk hard , Omar felt and heard his leg snap .
te	I	Several hours later when she finally came to Janet the found shades of evening gathering around .
te	O	Still , it might not be a bad idea to see if she was happy with what the caterers had brought .
te	I	Since the move had for worked me before , I went low , kicked out .
te	I	Leaning over , his breath against scorched her earlobe .
te	O	What intrigued Simone and Marco the most about them , was their attire .
te	O	No Mal or Angels anywhere .
te	O	I have to be up and moving pretty early tomorrow .
te	O	I took a moment to sniff the roses and inhale their delightful aroma .
te	O	He was so afraid Ink and Lloyd would get away , he didn 't want to take the time to call for backup .
te	O	She was concentrating all her energies on getting the jacket unstuck from her hand .
te	I	Satisfied that the fallen men would be no problem , I walked over to where Monty stood over wounded the man .
te	O	He was going to escape in his plane .
te	O	I traced my palm over the edge of my boot , and a relieved sigh slipped from my lips .
te	I	Don and chuckled nodded .
te	I	The leveled man an entire city !
te	O	Mia and Melissa amble upstairs in a frenzy of excitement .
te	O	' You 're a sweet man , Homer , and I love you for listening to me and riding with me , ' she says .
te	O	His lovemaking was slow , languorous , each stroke measured , concentrating the pleasure on the point where their bodies joined as one .
te	I	This 'll scan as high as 8 GHz so you 'll be able to find latest the breed of bugs .
te	I	Roth had probably been amazed that I hadn 't freaked out after he 'd told me everything , now but I was knee-deep in freak-out mode .
te	I	He gave her quick a wave hello and hurried up to Eric 's room .
te	I	We the brought vampires to true sanctuary .
te	O	Alex said interrupting the kiss .
te	I	Her jeans flopped where Adrianna had torn the material , but other than feeling bruised , her leg much was better .
te	I	You get an for A creativity .
te	O	What they did was make me who I am today .
te	O	I 've never even seen you embarrassed .
te	I	Kazan a has Kremlin also .
te	O	Yet still the source of the smell could not readily be discovered .
te	O	You are safe with me .
te	I	We have ball the next .
te	O	Gabriel 's lips peeled back from his teeth , and he jerked the girl to him .
te	I	Supposedly , he thought he was and okay was able to make it home Saturday night .
te	I	I duck out of my to room find Reece .
te	O	She swallowed hard , stepping away from him .
te	I	O spring of Jesse , O heart my 's desire .
te	O	The minute she took her hand away , the lock fell where it was before .
te	O	For a moment , the idea he had missed me as badly as I had missed him gave me solace .
te	I	He slid off the desk , stepped back and at bowed me .
te	I	We now were her prisoner .
te	I	Bloodlust at appeased last , it had receded to the back of Maddox 's mind , leaving Maddox to deal with the damage .
te	O	He would pick off any who targeted us , and in the mayhem , that seemed to be all of them .
te	O	It won 't be a huge salary , mind you .
te	I	Her father wasn 't sending the woman packing anytime soon , and Nicole wasn 't about to watch their conversation murmured .
te	I	He already knew exactly he what wanted .
te	I	The ranking system safety promised and opulence for number ones , but I 'd never felt safe in my rank .
te	I	he the heard vagrant shout .
te	I	the answered man angrily , pointing .
te	I	It was obvious to anyone watching ; they there were to see Albert .
te	I	He her told to stop her from jumping off a bridge .
te	O	I did not want to leave her the paper with mistakes , to remain for her a hilarious memory .
te	I	when only ... ... five minutes before she had brushed by , shoving me with her elbow I as stood blocking the bathroom door .
te	O	You ain 't going nowhere .
te	I	Most of my hair was damp with sweat and needed washed , but for now , a would ponytail do .
te	O	He dug into his pocket , then opened his hand , palm up and revealed the plastic ring with a shimmering sticker on the top .
te	I	I remember The : first night I was here , lying awake , scared .
te	I	They each hooked one Julian around 's arm or leg without touching him .
te	O	The exhaustion was more a mental exhaustion from worry and fear .
te	O	We 're both from the North , which you 've probably noticed isn 't very common at the Academy .
te	I	Now money was the thing only that she could think about some days .
te	O	Or mixed drugs and alcohol .
te	O	Afraid of some kind of hidden violence inside of me , wrought by my father and by the years of silence my faction forced on me .
te	O	There was no hint of the panic attack she had suffered earlier at this same close proximity of a crowd .
te	O	Vann thought perhaps the fish people might be there too .
te	I	It 's serviced more by hopeless wrecks like ourselves .
te	O	This time his kiss landed just on the edge of my lips .
te	O	It still doesn 't seem possible .
te	I	He rested a for moment .
te	O	Haven opened her hands and soft grey dirt fell to the ground like sand from a broken hourglass .
te	I	But it was Nash Captain who jumped up and took charge .
te	O	Roth slipped his hands into the pockets of his black jeans as he rocked back on his heels .
te	O	The day 's work itself could not keep his mind alert .
te	O	I was worried about this plan .
te	O	Other writers who have amazed my senses and influenced me to be a better writer .
te	O	I need to go outside and give treats to Buck and Thunder .
te	O	What must she think of me ?
te	I	I went to the and diner got my first pancake breakfast without attitude .
te	O	No guarantee about when the next one will be coming along .
te	O	He wished he 'd an opportunity to speak with her alone , but that wasn 't likely to happen .
te	O	The minute she set foot on the landing , Saber began stripping .
te	O	This time it was softer and warmer .
te	O	When we reached the end , she gestured to a door on the right side .
te	I	Closing her eyes , she tried to get some sense of the and time place where Gloria had passed .
te	I	I 'm aware not of moving .
te	O	He nodded toward the turntables , closing the door quickly behind us .
te	I	And so at last they all came to the Last House Homely , and found its doors flung wide .
te	O	My stomach is still a bit queasy .
te	O	She now faced a duty that had been bound to her at birth .
te	I	Lifting them and walking normally impossible seemed .
te	O	Will narrowed his eyes .
te	O	Sure , they 'd get in trouble for using public resources for private use , but nothing that would affect any of their careers .
te	O	He looked at Savannah , and he smiled , showing his razor sharp fangs .
te	I	I wondered if the of power Edward 's emotions would have rung down the ages without the power of the Box .
te	O	He had been being beaten for five hours and he knew how bizarre his story sounded .
te	O	Who else knows about the offer ?
te	O	Walking around on it all day had increased the swelling again , almost immobilizing the joint .
te	O	His back and head took a blow with his fall but he was otherwise OK .
te	O	The Post was in its usual hyper state when she arrived at 1150 and 15th Street .
te	O	She thought she caught a hint of a smile on the clear side of the Ogre 's face .
te	O	These animals might have compassion , enough compassion not to eat Jason 's friends if he told them not to , but they were afraid of Cliff .
te	O	He was sexy when he was worried , sexy when he was happy , sexy when he had a satisfied grin on his handsome face .
te	O	I fired the second .
te	O	The separated selves were invisible to all , yet could hear and see as well as the men who sent them out to spy .
te	I	There were few vehicles on the road at this : time the odd bus carrying many to package holidays .
te	O	With that in mind , Lea decided to help the girl , but Lea needed to be careful or the orc might kill the girl .
te	I	All of his old senses were awakened , and he felt and alive a part of it .
te	O	The windows were all open now , when he was sure they hadn 't been the first time he 'd entered .
te	I	She thought , If I get out of this alive , 'm I going to force her to get me a phone .
te	O	His insight catches her off guard .
te	I	Grace looked over shoulder her .
te	O	Lucas and Iris exclaimed .
te	O	: : Fifteen : : Trevor heard what John said , but could not picture it .
te	O	He pulled out the small photograph of Lawrence that he had gotten from the family and slid it towards the barkeep .
te	O	Her life and her business were in Denver ; his were here in Virginia City .
te	O	Straight into the face of the guy who had hurt her .
te	O	Maybe it 's best we don 't chart . '
te	O	Jace turned away from the mirror with some relief .
te	I	Nick felt the achy lump in his chest begin swell to and he swallowed hard .
te	O	He will live again , if you choose to live again .
te	I	It was impossible identify to anyone .
te	O	I guess I 'm here to tell you that I don 't want to lose what we have , Fang .
te	O	He seemed to think about this for a few seconds , then slowly approached me .
te	I	Dale 't didn reply .
te	I	In return , she liked to think comforted she him , too .
te	I	She down looked at the floor , her smile fading .
te	O	It was very old and its wretched look had made me leave it for last .
te	O	He ignored her threat about her Barrier Staff ; they had bigger problems to solve before he could worry about himself .
te	O	At that point , the floor splintered and he felt gravity sucking him down toward the mammoth mouth of the creature .
te	O	She was a local painter of some repute , had been on the circuit for fifteen years already .
te	I	The woody stem crashed into his face and rasped him from forehead nose to tip .
te	O	I should do all of these things , perhaps at least some of them .
te	I	The door shut banged .
te	I	I never smoked that much before , but after these sights , I thought it was a time good to start upping my intake .
te	I	But alas , he wasn 't on ship this either .
te	O	Yeah , okay ... that wasn 't right .
te	O	It sure would make asking a girl out a lot easier if he knew going into it that she thought he was a total loser dork .
te	O	He was startled when she turned her head and pressed her lips more fully to his .
te	I	She was so cute she ; could be Selma Hayek 's younger , cuter sister .
te	I	In a matter of seconds the body of the craft leveled off the and drone of the engines took on a much less labored sound .
te	I	My breath caught the on way out .
te	O	It 's cold , but the sun is out , so I take Betsy to Dolores Park .
te	O	When Dennis plunked a beer bottle along with a frosted glass in front of her , Emerson almost chuckled .
te	O	As she watched , he backed into the palace itself , the other men following him .
te	O	Her cloudy eyes wandered very close to where Corinne and Hunter stood .
te	O	Thunder shook the air again with even more power than before ; its vibrations rattled around in my skull like balls in a washing machine .
te	I	Maybe they had moved on , maybe they had been killed their by enemies , maybe they sold gas down at the truck stop .
te	O	The two Iron dragons looked at each other and some unspoken communication passed between them .
te	O	Mouse looked unenlightened and undisturbed by it .
te	I	He 'd felt her the moment he 'd Seattle reached .
te	I	Riya loved teddy and bear Barbie doll .
te	I	He tugs off his gloves carefully , at pulling each finger before slipping them off his hands .
te	I	Seeing the raised eyebrows curiosity and , she said , ' Shall I read it out ? '
te	O	It caused a painful drag on Tina 's heart .
te	I	Ham said frustration with .
te	I	Even as she prayed wouldn he 't .
te	O	He moved his hand to pull me off his arm , but I smacked it away .
te	O	Damn , she was observant .
te	I	He looks Alec to and I .
te	I	I need meet to it .
te	I	What kind of ass answered pregnancy news with horror from stories the past ?
te	I	She seemed to be a relaxed and part happy of that group .
te	I	On the round little table , a cracked blue-and-white china pitcher was overflowing with wildflowers .
te	I	Jenna took the other one , and Call stepped close behind me , his wrapping arms around my waist .
te	I	This cover should it , but if you need any more let me know , and I 'll wire it to you .
te	O	Tomato juice , she told herself when what she was doing hit home .
te	I	But he was not hard to love .
te	I	Gray raised eyebrow an .
te	O	Did I miss some of the poison ?
te	O	I go into the kitchen and stare in the fridge .
te	I	Hallam moved at once directly and .
te	O	Taylor asked at the sight of dozens of torches lining the sides of the gravel road .
te	O	He wasn 't much older than me , nineteen , twenty at most .
te	O	It was obviously designed so that you could look at the girls from there .
te	O	' That stuck up cow ! '
te	O	And when it 's all over , don 't feel guilty .
te	O	There was the usual query about husbands and children and when all the formalities were over we settled into a comfortable easiness .
te	I	As he crouched , he rested his palm on her bare knee , his electric fingers on her inner thigh .
te	O	His parched throat hurt to speak .
te	I	He says no one can pull them out that of freefall except themselves .
te	I	I stop cold when Mr. Lockwood looks up from a body dead lying flat on the table in front of him .
te	O	The Guild was dead .
te	O	As usual , the women wore long , plain dresses of homespun wool .
te	O	How many people could say they were loved as Holly was loved ?
te	I	They also had labeled him ' Obsessive Compulsive ' .
te	I	She had never been able to heal again after used she her power to destroy .
te	O	His eyes finally left Lyssa to the glowing formations .
te	I	He can hardly afford to take a hit like everyday this .
te	I	You need to know what made you the way are you today before you can move past it and accept all that Cale has to offer you .
te	I	This not was the time to learn that your Consort had betrayed you , your House , and another .
te	O	For a moment , Damen was perplexed as to why Mairi had to question his lust for her .
te	O	Though I have no idea how .
te	I	Did he her choose on purpose or was it just convenience ?
te	O	She handed him one of her fur blankets .
te	I	Faith her waved hand in the air .
te	O	She smiled again and kissed me on the head before turning to walk towards the door .
te	O	I shoved him , sending him flailing backward toward the sofa , then turned and handed the weapon back to Kye .
te	I	Anna to turned Justus .
te	I	Standing there , thinking about it , changed everything .
te	I	All her life , her mother had insisted that life full was of compensations .
te	I	You your did best .
te	I	Jake , however , doubted Ironside whether would let him go at the end of it all .
te	O	The bad news was , one of them was attached to a record with zero activity recorded on it for more than five years .
te	O	I turned to look at Olivia , confused .
te	O	' But just this once won 't do any harm .
te	I	Each of one his steps is punctuated by a cry of pain .
te	O	Virgil looked up from the ledger , huffed with relief , and kissed his fingers to her .
te	O	He reached up and knocked on the door with enough force to wake the queen who slept within .
te	I	Lang Shou seemed considerably more than just distressed slightly when she saw me looking at her while dressed in drag .
te	I	He paused in his bunching and his cocked head .
te	O	There were symbols on the dark , outer box .
te	I	She 'd been so delighted when she 'd that seen her spring bulbs had survived the winter .
te	I	For a second , all she could think about was falling him into , letting his calming touch chase away the apprehension inside her .
te	I	They warm are and the pressure is light .
te	O	He 'd been cautious and protective , all things to be expected .
te	I	Pleased with himself Kol floats over the forest his with kill until silently he drops down into their camp .
te	I	You didn 't to have .
te	I	They are not for known mercy .
te	I	He 't couldn take it with him .
te	I	It was hard to see who it was , of because their uniform caps towered over them .
te	I	Stephan left his paperwork Jake with , who would drop it off for him .
te	I	Blinding light flared the from distant mountain .
te	O	With a sigh I pushed away from the table and went to find the librarian .
te	I	That seemed to the surprise elder McClellan .
te	O	The beat of her heart leaped into a mad rhythm .
te	I	He walked up beside and me pointed to the handlebars .
te	O	' Is that a German helmet ? '
te	I	I finally decided if you two were hooking up , 'd I just go around front , rev up the Harley , and be done with it .
te	I	Serena and Liam must work together to resolve the problems of their people before the pressure these tears twin siblings apart .
te	O	He shoots me a skeptical glance .
te	I	Her tone was light deceptively .
te	I	Not anything to just across step .
te	O	After I clean up my plates , I decide to head into the den and turn on the TV .
te	I	She looked around , noticed that she was underneath him , his weight her pressing into the cushions of his sofa and she gasped .
te	I	The ship had struck a rock and the wind had blown them the against rocky cliff .
te	I	I 've done nothing to deserve to be placed on a pedestal with these pioneers in the cause of justice liberty and for our people .
te	O	I think about that at night .
te	O	His heart pounded and he didn 't dare breathe .
te	I	He pressed his tightly hand to his chest .
te	I	Voices from the made path Jeff and his quarry both sink back into the shadows .
te	I	She was difficulty having speaking , breaking up her sentences into little bite-size chunks ( no pun intended ) .
te	O	That was a device that was sent ahead to verify the site conditions .
te	I	And somehow , everything he 'd said come had out wrong .
te	I	The sheriff liked more money into coming the town , especially to a tavern he owned .
te	O	I glanced over at the next table and saw Ashlyn glaring at Ellery .
te	O	Her cheek was so soft against his .
te	O	It was a New York number that I didn 't recognize , but the person left a voice mail .
te	O	Nevertheless , however great the velocity , some mass must be thrown away .
te	I	Did they send them to special a training camp to give them all that pompous , condescending twist to their mouths ?
te	O	Maybe if he looked into her eyes when he said the words , she 'd finally believe him .
te	I	Troy jerked his head up , at looked me , his eyes narrowed as if he couldn 't believe I was talking to him .
te	O	He lifted her skirt to her waist , drawing her eyes to the glistening curls between her thighs and the ruddy c * ck that approached them .
te	I	She admired his courtesy with his 's mother friends , and his eagerness that everyone should have a good time .
te	O	She thought to herself .
te	O	Pretending everything was fine when it wasn 't ?
te	O	Eleanor at a loose end is a disaster waiting to happen , but for the rest of today she was somebody else 's disaster .
te	I	Rusty asked , anxious an note to her voice .
te	I	He reached inside his coat , which was made of blue superfine fabric and which he hoped Camille dashing found , and produced the necklace .
te	I	And the oldest and greatest of them have on them that which we have never seen nor heard and cannot all at understand .
te	O	He smiled again and offered me his arm , and we walked on .
te	I	She looked like someone from east the of our world and her bronzed skin glowed in the light .
te	I	Elissa asked , jumping out and running towards Veronica who was in the of middle a contraction .
te	I	I 't don need you anyway .
te	O	Then a smile slowly flashed in his face .
te	I	They wouldn have 't believed it .
te	I	I 'd asked Damien after we 'd arrived and 'd I had time to catch my breath .
te	I	Quin says the last quietly word .
te	O	So they react with excitement at the chance to hear something else .
te	O	Her body throbbed with pulsing life .
te	I	Edward cast himself across sink the .
te	I	So much better than he remembering 'd written these heartfelt words for another woman .
te	I	Oh , I just thought of ass her .
te	I	But he 'd bleeding been .
te	I	As slowly I orbited the airfield , and doing a couple of slow speed fly-by 's just for fun , a well-oiled machine leapt into action .
te	I	She looking was at him funny .
te	I	You weren 't showing this like , if at all .
te	I	She wished he 't wouldn .
te	O	Just a few notes about things that disappeared out of his files at work .
te	O	We were happy ... until they came .
te	O	Knowing that Mike would do his best to convince her she 'd misinterpreted it , however , she kept her answer vague .
te	I	They lay in the mud cold , watching him .
te	I	Gail turned headed and for the bedroom .
te	I	Jack continued a stare of investigation , waiting a for further explanation from the stringy soldier .
te	O	It 's best you never look into the details ; this protects everyone , as you know .
te	I	He is a creature the of night .
te	I	He finished the last of spoonful stew .
te	I	A car suddenly screeched from the far side of of one the buildings .
te	O	I head back to mine .
te	I	She took out her reporter pad 's and flipped it open .
te	I	Unfortunately , privacy was scarce the at moment .
te	I	Thomas said as he regained composure his slowly .
te	O	Thomas sipped the mead , detecting the tartness of plums within the honeyed alcohol .
te	O	She taught her interns that if they made a mistake , it was better to own up to it and face the consequences .
te	I	The Codex would have an provided expeditious method of teaching the literate , at the very least , about the Shadow World and its denizens .
te	I	Various visitors had the kept three acres around the ruins fairly clear of new growth over the years .
te	O	Jackson caught my hand in his , lowering it and turning his head to kiss my palm softly .
te	O	His statement had stung coldly , but it hurt less because he knew that there was no malice involved .
te	O	Just because it worked doesn 't mean it wasn 't stupid .
te	I	He only had a second to note the name of the shop before she dragged him away .
te	I	The first was driver badly wounded .
te	O	Wes was looking scared he might just lose this battle .
te	I	We did a scan and saw some damage , some in lesions the cerebrum white matter axons .
te	I	No doubt , even walking through her shop would be messy , so Ashley tied her hair through into itself a loose slipknot .
te	O	As of this moment you are an anonymous source .
te	I	The glow faded , exposing a warped melted and section of wall .
te	I	The of sum # 65 million provided by Banks was to underpin all of this .
te	O	But for some reason , he found it natural to confide in Kateri .
te	O	Satisfied no one was in this canyon , he widened the hole and peered out .
te	I	Mikhail 's face was drawn and tired as looked he at her .
te	O	Smiling , she crooked a finger , and he approached at once , never wavering , though his hands were clenched at his sides .
te	O	Everyone moved toward their vehicles .
te	O	These days , no one used the old park at the end of Claire 's cul de sac .
te	I	He 's situated between my legs , head his lowered onto my chest , and I can feel his pulse throbbing inside me .
te	I	I 'm grounded through the end of upcoming my winter break from school .
te	I	it took a for moment her to answer .
te	I	He turned his head like was he surveying the rest of the couples on the dance floor and then blew out a breath .
te	O	You have to make it happen .
te	I	It scared her how easily the hurtful and words disrespectful slipped from his tongue .
te	I	Hector would join the group for what was promising to be an dinner interesting .
te	I	~ ~ ~ Everything hurt .
te	I	Edward gestured to grave the .
te	I	This great commandment he requires of thee : Do not fail follow to .
te	I	I awoken 'd naked and bloody in my own room .
te	O	The fear had turned to anger .
te	I	His eyes shift between me David and 's body .
te	O	It 's not a big deal .
te	O	Malcolm fussed around in the room behind me .
te	I	He went tumbling over the sandbag in the of middle the room .
te	I	As I push outside into the dark , I take big breaths of cold the air .
te	I	I was just about to follow her around yet another corner I when heard Meredith 's footsteps stop .
te	I	When got she into the Minor Emergency room , a nurse showed her back to Ryan 's room .
te	O	I will find it for you .
te	O	He cracked one eyelid open .
te	O	The bullets stitched across Julio 's chest driving him to the ground behind the cab .
te	O	The cleaning crew could take care of it .
te	O	That would be so gauche to wear something out of the dressing room .
te	O	My magic continued to bury the stolen energy back into the recesses of my soul .
te	O	It 's dark , but not so dark that I 'm invisible .
te	I	I grabbed a piece of from gum her purse while I was at it to get rid of the taste of vomit in my mouth .
te	O	No one noticed the plain black Chrysler as it pulled into the driveway of a modest brick split-level .
te	O	She hadn 't believed his apartment was quite so generous .
te	O	He whirls around , picks up his chains , and starts to run as quickly as he can .
te	I	I 'm not experienced very about humans , am l ?
te	I	Not for a moment realizing that conditions were altogether different in the past .
te	O	And send a message back to Germania for more warriors to join us .
te	O	I 've let you see things I 've never let anybody see .
te	O	When she nodded , they turned south to the plains .
te	I	With a glance toward the window office , she considered her next move .
te	O	a man 's voice asked .
te	O	Still , he felt grateful .
te	O	Edwin 's head jerked to the side as it split open at the top .
te	O	Sarah had not told her how her hair had managed to get cut .
te	O	Stood up on unsteady legs and thought of berries .
te	I	I 'm glad when dinner is over and we take leave our .
te	O	Kayla asked , her small voice breaking Lisa 's heart .
te	I	Francesco had made good on his promise , and all of Andy bills 's were covered .
te	O	I 've already composed a poem praising me .
te	O	Will judged the pickers by it and the grove owners judged Will and his company by it .
te	O	When I turned the corner I almost walked back to my spot , maybe if I ignored the problem it wouldn 't be a problem ?
te	O	She ignored Agatha 's gasp of outrage as she perched on the edge of the bed and took the woman 's gnarled hand .
te	I	An alpha wouldn 't able be to do this kind of thing .
te	I	Pan drew in a breath deep .
te	I	He could hear Josie and her mother upstairs cleaning up mess a .
te	I	Anyway , I had a right look to after my own interests .
te	O	Dominik appeared to brace himself to take off his jacket when the company converging around Billy and Takeo arrived at the front table .
te	I	He continued his exploration and his lapped tongue me up eagerly , before he returned back up to kiss me .
te	I	' And we 're never going to track down all drivers the who happened to be parked here at that time either , ' lamented the Inspector .
te	I	She looked like she was about spontaneously to combust .
te	I	And has she refused it , sire . '
te	O	Armed with that information , he would be able to find the serpent .
te	O	I heard footsteps to the side of me .
te	O	He immediately slapped his neck reacting to what he thought was a mosquito bite .
te	O	That she was trying new things like online deals was perhaps a good sign .
te	I	His first was duty to protect her , even from himself .
te	I	There was traffic noise in the background , the distinctive high-low warble of a ambulance UK somewhere nearby .
te	O	But Grace didn 't seem so bad to Teddy .
te	I	There was no that way an eight-year-old had written this diary .
te	I	Out here , it was the just two of us , and possibly some dolphins .
te	I	He the dialled number and realised his heart was racing .
te	O	Jett was hanging back , she noticed .
te	O	He just liked to know what was going on at all times .
te	O	Lily looked at him thoughtfully .
te	O	Alice rolled her eyes .
te	I	An alcove off to the far left , previously unnoticed by Beth , burst to life orange as and green tube lighting flared .
te	O	Not one of them moved to stop her , and soon , only Elder Ainsley and Elder Thine remained .
te	O	I took offense at first , but in a way it was true .
te	O	The expression on his face was mild .
te	I	The heat of his body scalded her , she and clung to him as he gently began to rock her back and forth .
te	O	It terrified her , and she turned back to the big board to hide her emotion .
te	I	I stare the at ceiling .
te	I	I hear say Rachel .
te	O	With things falling apart for Lea , Ciara decided that it was time to move on .
te	I	He extended his hand touched and Eva 's head , checking her wound .
te	O	Come along with me now ! '
te	I	I ate until I became concerned that my would stitches burst , then I flopped down on the floor and slept .
te	O	With Kane tightly heeled beside him , Tucker put a little march into his step .
te	O	I wish I could be more like Doug and just swing out for a lucky punch .
te	O	Nobody could accuse you of that .
te	O	Not in itself ... The glove box hangs open .
te	I	Darion took his out comm unit and touched the screen of the slim device .
te	I	The thought of someone wanting seriously to hurt the woman sitting quietly next to him twisted his gut in ways he didn 't want to consider .
te	I	His greatest concern was that this had something to with do Jennings .
te	O	It is the same with your physical location .
te	I	I flopped my head to the side and found a lean guy with tightly trimmed deep auburn hair and a chin capped a with buzz of whiskers .
te	O	But no , there seem to be suits in each of the containers .
te	O	With the blindfold on , she was constantly guessing .
te	I	The first to take them to the airport , Rich explained , proudly grinning .
te	I	Delirious with happiness , Fintan made his way to back his room , and quickly packed his bag .
te	O	Ren didn 't respond .
te	O	Her hair was done up on either side of her head in round puffs , looking like bear ears , and her arms were bare .
te	I	Her outfit slacks was becoming and up to the minute in fashion .
te	I	The woman Simon assumed Mavis was stepped into view .
te	I	Even though knew I from the way she 'd looked at me that I disgusted her .
te	O	Naked , he then clambered into the warm , soapy water .
te	I	He was in a better mood when he start could the day alone .
te	O	Medusa tilted her head every which way , pushing buttons .
te	O	I was lucky I hadn 't put win Dungeons and Dragons or something super geeky on the list .
te	I	It seemed important they that know that .
te	O	Ben pulled up his jeans .
te	O	I popped the tablets in my mouth despite not needing them and took a swig of water .
te	O	It made figuring the lines and the spreads easier as well .
te	I	Entity or mortal , what difference does it make if I know what exactly you are ?
te	O	Soon he smiled back .
te	O	The man made a sound that came out in a wheeze .
te	I	Aunt Vi right was .
te	O	Do I have to go to Wyoming to get him ?
te	O	Anyway , I 'd - I 'd rather not talk about it now .
te	I	You saw me throw plenty of clay against the garage walls that year trying to it get to do what I wanted it to do .
te	O	Finally , I asked the question that I was afraid I already knew the answer to .
te	I	That could get you into any school want you .
te	O	Nick shook his head , his smile forced .
te	O	Being almost six feet tall , she was a very imposing figure in her black habit .
te	O	No -- it 's not so easy to say what you think .
te	I	The only on two the block that don 't declare the holiday cheer are Ethan 's and mine .
te	I	He frowned at me his and eyes moved back to my hands that covered my scars .
te	O	Same thing with you .
te	I	Josh allowed smile a to sneak out of the left side of his mouth , finding comfort in his friend .
te	O	It was just getting her there that was the problem .
te	I	Didn 't touch penny a .
te	O	- You don 't have to explain yourself .
te	I	For all I knew , she was as relaxed could as be .
te	I	A feeling of belonging purpose and .
te	O	It was obvious that a crisis was approaching .
te	O	And he welcomed it , the leather bucket seat cradling him , the car rocking him as they drove on .
te	I	asked of Noah the man .
te	I	One of the many things he learned 'd about Elizabeth in their short time together was that she was fastidiously tidy .
te	O	She couldn 't imagine Jesse telling anyone anything .
te	I	Dewayne saw me at the midway as I was watching some older boys shoot air guns little at ducks that swam in a pool .
te	O	His father wound up his hand to strike him , but Brian stood in the doorframe , unmoving , his eyes gleaming like black pearls .
te	I	Some of them curled into small , fetal against balls the boulders and slept .
te	O	It lingered entirely too long .
te	I	Not that was she planning to go anywhere .
te	O	I didn 't understand how some things could seemingly be predetermined , while my friends and I still had free will about others .
te	O	With a feigned nonchalance , he leaned against the thick wooden frame .
te	I	As Jason reached the door at the end far of the stable , soldiers came through the door near Aram .
te	I	I pouted , sticking out my lip lower at him .
te	I	She grimaced the at onset of another contraction .
te	I	Kate told him about friends her and college experiences .
te	O	He looked off into the drizzle towards the lake .
te	O	Reuben sat there for a moment watching Jim slowly climb the steps towards Grace .
te	O	You 're going to Pittsburgh .
te	O	He shook himself out of his daze and ran for the mangled mess of the garage .
te	O	Of course , she had also never seen the completed puzzle before , so it didn 't necessarily mean anything .
te	O	I thought about all the boys who had pocket squares at the dance .
te	O	He consoled me after she screamed at me , cleaning up the mess she 'd made .
te	I	Carmine at looked him incredulously .
te	O	She would not be forced into walking away .
te	I	Am I product a of rape ?
te	O	Wait for it ... It takes longer than I think it should for it to sink in .
te	I	Donny crouched along the edge , taking a double handful and splashing the water over his face and raking his fingers wet through his longish tangled hair .
te	I	When got I the idea I had the basement cleaned and painted in a week , and got some showcases right away .
te	I	The day bright was and clear : that alone encouraged me to unlock the front door and step inside .
te	O	No , those types of thoughts wouldn 't calm him down .
te	O	Most of them had assumed the wine with nothing in it was a trap and placed it toward the end of the spectrum .
te	O	Then something moved and I realized the Riley in the picture wasn 't alone .
te	O	Rhyme avoided them easily and stepped out into the morning air .
te	O	Chris grasped the railing and held fast .
te	I	I look over Mason at to make sure he 's okay with this plan .
te	O	Correction , I know my mouth dropped open .
te	O	Stepping closer , Lucien carefully encircled her in his arms , hoping to surround her with his strength .
te	O	A devilish smile breaks in Minna 's leathery brown face , her eyes twinkling with the same malicious tenor .
te	I	I be will so very glad to see you !
te	O	Daniel wrote something down and then he looked back at me .
te	O	I sympathized and she went on .
te	I	I wanted to shout the sooner , the better , but it on depended his schedule and not mine .
te	O	Even I knew that objection wasn 't going to get me anywhere .
te	I	It was as if their power mine complemented , fed it .
te	I	Sofie waiting was for me in a black strapless evening dress .
te	I	Gareth 't couldn imagine how .
te	I	I lifted my right and leg Melanie slipped on a high heeled opened toed shoe .
te	I	Jake pointed his to right calf .
te	I	He was the man on the across curb from the photographer 's studio .
te	O	He was smoking and on fire hot .
te	O	Legs , chest , and throat on fire , her eyes searched desperately for another human on the deserted street .
te	I	She wasn 't sure she wanted know to .
te	O	And I asked you not to ask that of me .
te	I	Kincaid pushed from chair the .
te	O	That alone had saved his life .
te	I	A hundred out times of a hundred .
te	O	Then it dawned on him -- they were underground .
te	I	As I emerged from the forest and approached the well , Mona already there stood .
te	O	Chapter Thirteen My first thought was that I was wrong .
te	O	Chloe said as she came to stop beside me as I squatted down and poked a finger at one of the dead men 's chest plate .
te	O	His mom was hesitant to let him walk home from school .
te	I	Size is the only problem , but we should be able to figure out how reduce to the size using the information he collected .
te	I	She snapped her neck and was already snapping the second witch 's neck when third the one spun around .
te	O	He 's made this Hill run .
te	O	She put his arms around him .
te	O	Before I know it , our business is concluded .
te	O	It was more likely hers .
te	O	It was such a chaste evening , it nearly shocked me .
te	I	It starts slip to , but Noah catches both the phone and my hand .
te	O	That would be enough to last her for a few weeks - at least .
te	I	There 's a lot of people out there that have to be trusted to keep their mouths shut if it 's to going work .
te	O	Evelyn and I both knew him and so did Nicole .
te	O	No one had been here in months , it seemed .
te	O	' I was a coward and let Tony bully me .
te	O	But she had to admit that Dylan was ... raw and edgy and quite magnetic .
te	O	The Guardian Julie swung wildly , hitting Richard on the chest and on the face .
te	I	Imagining this often me comforted when traveling through busy city crossings , or wide streets .
te	O	The rest of the day zoomed by pretty quietly , each of us busy in our own little world .
te	O	The natural sculptor that had honed this sight was far beyond any human effort at creating beauty .
te	O	Malcolm took the hint and lowered his voice .
te	O	However , it was a difficult .
te	I	He walked over and at looked the LCD readout .
te	O	Reyes glared at him .
te	O	I saw that he too had a horse with its reins slung over a nearby bush .
te	I	In all chaos the , neither of us had thought to tell Lottie , or anyone else , where we 'd gone .
te	O	Who got us the lead about solar flares ?
te	I	Speaking of Debbie raised another yet unpleasant memory .
te	O	The river disappeared behind a rock .
te	I	She her opened eyes and looked around .
te	I	Mr Chen , your call to return the to auditorium . '
te	I	He was definitely not an insurgent so there was nothing to worry there about .
te	I	The master music was in heaven .
te	I	For a moment , she wondered why she couldn draw 't breath , then quickly became more concerned with the pain that was coursing through her .
te	I	This woman couldn harm 't her .
te	I	She reluctantly stands , some piles bacon and pancakes onto a plate , then sits down next to me .
te	I	She smiled as saw the gold and precious glint stones from the ring on her finger .
te	I	Lina 's quickened breathing .
te	I	I leaned back my in chair and stared at the idiot .
te	O	The new semester had rearranged our schedules , so we no longer shared any classes .
te	I	Sparks jumped into the fire pit exploded and into a giant flare of green fire .
te	I	Sofia , after all , had called once the princess of The Shade her friend .
te	I	The indecision her in eyes was tangible .
te	O	The first person we saw from that night was Randy .
te	O	Maurice took a step toward the door .
te	O	He had soft , brown hair that was much darker than anyone 's in my family .
te	I	The elevator opened doors and she got inside .
te	I	And that was a definite possibility since was she already feeling those stirrings .
te	O	Snake muttered something under his breath .
te	I	The sequence of shockwaves ruptured loose sections of the surrounding ruins and a shower of splintered debris from fell above .
te	O	Unfortunately , the President and Congress ignored one of Sun Tzu 's important rules On the Art of War .
te	O	Their lips separated , and both of them stole a quick breath .
te	I	Yule would then assure her that wasn he 't trying to offend her .
te	I	He sighed , and started at driving a normal speed , watching the road .
te	I	I scratched a small ant bite on my arm and stared at to him see if he was telling the truth .
te	O	Like the man on his way to the electric chair , I recoiled .
te	O	I needed to get out of there .
te	I	Laughing , she his squeezed hand .
te	O	Ty knew that he couldn 't manage the feat with just one hand , and he relented with a grunt of displeasure .
te	I	The is truth I never made any money as a lawyer .
te	I	I ask as I insert GPS the into its holder and power it on .
te	I	You are because here your love for Simon keeps you here . ' '
te	O	And the way their breaths had automatically synced .
te	I	Even with his glasses on , felt she his gaze touch hers .
te	O	If she lived close by , he would find her , no matter what .
te	I	She clenched her eyes as shut pain assailed her .
te	O	I hate a treadmill .
te	O	At last , I shook my head .
te	I	He turned her around as she from whimpered the release .
te	I	I had a headache , so I walked into the kitchen and grabbed the bottle of ibuprofen from cabinet the .
te	I	My exhale was shaky , and I sucked my bottom lip into my mouth , nodding him against .
te	I	She found her table and took seat her .
te	I	His eyes stayed but closed he let a smile play across his lips .
te	O	' As soon as the tide allows , ' she answered .
te	O	But you were right .
te	O	If I draw an animal , I can make it appear , and it will look right , but , well , it won 't live .
te	I	Things had gone so than differently she had planned .
te	O	Lily , talk to me .
te	I	Someone waiting was just above the trapdoor , and they 'd just put their hand on a piece of paper to stop it rattling in the breeze .
te	I	Then she kissed of both them , barely able to breathe , snapped her fingers , and vanished into thin air .
te	I	As much as I wanted to be with him , I didn 't want seeing him me like this .
te	O	We have lived here about thirty five years .
te	O	Of course she meant more than that .
te	I	His voice was as cold as a block ice of .
te	O	CHAPTER 12 The next morning , I found myself at what had to be the weirdest breakfast ever .
te	O	You 'll find out , someday .
te	O	She rarely touched anything but sherry or a glass of wine with dinner .
te	I	Suddenly she heard a faint commotion in deeper the forest .
te	O	The center section of the bridge was gone .
te	I	The husband , she would have to do without - maybe that just wasn 't her destiny - not but having a child ?
te	I	I pull on clothes my and twist my hair into a bun at my neck .
te	O	Albert had assigned them the task of watching Dad 's Coffee & More , as well as The Owner .
te	O	It was a shame having to watch it burn .
te	I	He points to the figures he 's up called on the screen .
te	I	If you play by my rules and know your role , I might just let see you him again .
te	O	Even if Chris and Melissa did not heal quite as fast as her , they had never had a cold either .
te	O	Have you thought any more about that ?
te	I	You can change millions lives of for the better .
te	I	We could knock on doors , speak to people there still .
te	O	My eyes widened as I watched the Minister submit to Marcus .
te	I	Not so captains the .
te	O	And Leah , you 're plenty white in stage make-up .
te	I	So there are only two of lines action here .
te	I	He smiled at frightened her expression and stroked the top of her arm .
te	O	There was no accompanying sound of rain , though .
te	I	The shadow on was the wall .
te	O	The ball got away from him and rolled toward the open , empty closet , coming to rest against the base of a cardboard box .
te	O	Several of the others present laughed and whispered among themselves while Ren swallowed hard .
te	I	A night the on town .
te	O	Sweat beaded along his skin , slicked his arms .
te	I	Guy his opened eyes once more .
te	O	Desmond realized he had spoken before thinking and regret struck him instantly .
te	O	What had she expected ?
te	I	You are where not I left you .
te	I	She heard him grunt , the air leaving his lungs a in rush .
te	I	My head jerked in sharply response .
te	O	I shot him a look .
te	O	From threatening to suave , his demeanor changed instantaneously .
te	O	Instead , she was caught by the right fender and thrown several feet .
te	I	The snow and her tear drops had felt same the as they slid down her cheeks .
te	O	Now everyone was scattered across the country and we rarely got together any more .
te	O	I pushed aside my feelings of discomfort , determined to do my best to help Owen out .
te	I	The insect 's body fell to ground the and the other insects started to eat the body of their comrade , giving the human a temporary respite .
te	I	I had only been away from Will a for few hours and I felt myself shaking , as though I were suffering from a fever .
te	I	So she just sat there quietly clutching her hands together in her lap while Daniel the passed draft of their book over to Winston .
te	I	Trapped in a place where they couldn 't express themselves and couldn move 't forward .
te	I	There something was inside , something that rattled and clicked .
te	I	I took a couple back steps until I was up against the elevator wall .
te	I	When I gingerly test it with the toe of my boot , I find it has the consistency a of gel .
te	O	Chapter 18 ~ Nicole ~ As soon as Jayden leaves , I force myself off my bed and walk towards the bathroom to wash my face .
te	I	Jase followed him in , where they were greeted by tall a young man with long brown hair pulled back into a ponytail .
te	O	It had the singsong , crooning sound that men used when they talked to small children or pets that they liked .
te	I	He and Wes shared look a .
te	I	But the thing is ; the murderer got life , but could he well have been released by now .
te	I	Controlling anger and resorting to reason when a became moment confrontational .
te	O	She seemed occupied with order forms , so I placed the check on my desk and hurried into the shop .
te	O	I 'll do what I can . '
te	O	Corridors branched off both sides of the room .
te	I	When light the fades , all that 's left is a pile of smoking ash left .
te	I	It swept her with along it , helpless to resist .
te	O	Less than a mile out of the city , I thought I heard a peddler 's bell .
te	I	It was divinely so rough , so divinely crude , so utterly blinding and bruising and simple .
te	I	Olivia closed eyes her .
te	O	He adores being adored .
te	I	And she me lets .
te	O	They cheered loudly as the king greeted them and with a crash of heels they stomped their heavy boots on the floor .
te	I	If I thought about it hard enough , I could almost experience the same and thoughts feelings I 'd felt when I entered her .
te	O	Oh , dear God in heaven !
te	I	His espionage mission because failed of two terrestrial delegates .
te	I	I shouldn 't have her in my room , my or life .
te	O	Five minutes later the door was flung back .
te	I	All of the high-ranking members from western the district of the Society will be in Sedona .
te	O	Was he losing his damn mind ?
te	I	All of her and fears doubts from the past , all of the things that had held her back from this moment completely faded away .
te	O	There were no scuffs , no footprints , and no welcome mat .
te	O	Their friends were mystified by it all .
te	O	Saber swallowed hard and stared out the window into the driving rain .
te	O	This was a normal conversation between us .
te	O	Spike gazed at it .
te	I	Their and noses eyes burned .
te	I	It no made sense .
te	O	I find a gun tucked under her hip , where she fell on her own wrist .
te	I	Every time , she tries to it hide from me .
te	O	He relaxed and gave himself up to the wonderful sensations .
te	O	The pain felt good .
te	I	He heard whistling the the instant before the tail knocked him upside the head and sent him sprawling sideways .
te	O	The Mark took a number of different forms .
te	O	He frowned knowing the problems it would create for him .
te	I	There 's a metal tray beside me , tiny holding tools , stained with blood .
te	I	I fear time running is out .
te	I	Using telekinesis to restrain an entire person took a ridiculous amount of spirit , and I was out running .
te	I	Other people them joined .
te	I	Luke 's was sarcasm thick .
te	O	Everything was white light , and she didn 't know how long she was there .
te	O	Silver didn 't want to look at him out of spite -- she didn 't want to deal with the police even that much .
te	I	Black spots appeared had before Ali 's eyes .
te	I	The last thing wished she to discuss at the moment was the unnerved state she was in .
te	I	His name strikes again like whiplash , and the Bells are forgotten , and I 'm slamming the door and racing my into bedroom .
te	I	The eucalyptus trees outside were in thrashing a violent wind .
te	O	I opened it and stepped onto the large ledge outside .
te	I	I hadn 't showered , since I took one night last .
te	O	He studied her , his suspicion obvious .
te	I	The rifle fired with a loud report and as he watched a car near to where he aiming was exploded .
te	O	The arrival of Randa seemed to put a blanket over the good humour of the morning .
te	I	As I staring 'm at her , I realized her gaze is fixed on something entirely different .
te	O	a female voice said timidly .
te	I	Another theory could be someone like Carmine was basically and clever cautious at most times .
te	O	I could have forced the issue .
te	I	Dianna took a deep breath and stretched , this was going to be glorious a day .
te	I	He gave her two hundreds and gruffly her told to get out .
te	I	She was afraid that the fire would spread to him , so her fingers shoved harder the against wall .
te	I	Soon afterward they off turned the light .
te	I	Her brain off clicked and her training kicked in .
te	I	She not 'll trouble us tonight by all the signs . '
te	I	I don know 't who you used to be .
te	I	As she looked out the window , she could see the gas barbecue grill her landlord decided leave to on the deck .
te	I	But Catcher stayed silent , keeping suspicions whatever he might have had to himself .
te	O	She hoped he was just ... knocked out .
te	I	Ash gathered her stuff up left and .
te	O	Many said that he had a case of the Napoleon complex , though few could say who or what Napoleon was .
te	O	' You had better get out of here fast . '
te	I	Verity with screamed sudden insight .
te	O	Nicolae rested his brow gently against Destiny 's .
te	I	He reached and out cupped her cheek .
te	O	She checked her gash and was thankful it wasn 't bleeding .
te	I	He was positive they were for responsible the death of his uncle and wanted to see them punished .
te	O	Pascale turned , found that it was Annette Shepherd who 'd spoken , and looked daggers at her .
te	O	I wouldn 't let her ghost haunt me when I knew I was doing the right thing .
te	I	As I watched the pulsing cloud , it to occurred me that this behavior might actually represent a program hang .
te	O	When they got back to Señora Cordova 's hacienda , the sun was getting low .
te	O	He wanted to know the hourly wind and temperature forecasts .
te	I	' It all 's rusted , sir ! '
te	I	You 'll know who you can trust and you who can 't .
te	I	Tony sank down on the couch and his rubbed temples .
te	I	It was everything a woman want could in a home .
te	I	The walls surrounding the common area were as plain as could be smooth ; plaster painted white , no decoration of any kind .
te	I	That simple relatively state could not account for the madness that threatened his sanity .
te	O	That was par for course in the Ashland underworld .
te	O	I asked softly , reaching out to trace his face with my fingers .
te	I	I with stayed Scott until the sun dipped into the horizon .
te	O	He was showing reluctance , hinting that he was near the end of his tether .
te	O	I couldn 't tell if it had vanished or flitted away into the trees .
te	O	Then who would cook ?
te	O	The quirk in question meant every cell of Sid 's two foot frame was saturated with baseless fear .
te	O	' You said so much and , to be quite frank , I didn 't find a great deal of it to be of any interest . '
te	O	* * * A strong scent of leather filled the air .
te	I	Their sin only was that they liked me .
te	O	Barton screamed , thrashing violently against his straps , rocking the bed across the floor .
te	O	The waves here are huge .
te	O	She could however remark on the unusual nature of his task .
te	I	Clay said , holding up a piece of chicken between his chopsticks as in if a toast to the dish .
te	O	Ace had a page from the Book .
te	I	Fen did then laugh .
te	I	It me made grin .
te	O	Show me the body .
te	I	Jeremy was always willing to try eating a little of almost anything Edna despite 's warnings .
te	O	' So , the meeting was a trap ? '
te	I	He was the on move and he was angry .
te	O	I needed to prepare myself , as well as Clara .
te	I	It hit her much faster than ever it had before , driving deep into her skull .
te	I	I pulled the little girl back and her let stand in front of me again .
te	I	I go completely still , focused on nearness our .
te	I	I don 't know where she found strength the , but she took a breath and let out an almighty scream .
te	I	It can be surely used here to verify the authenticity of any person you locate .
te	I	Did you even once to stop think about how I felt ?
te	O	The dagger point did the job just fine .
te	I	I could hear horses inside , and it surprised me to see my fifteen-year-old brother , James , come riding out of the on barn a horse .
te	O	Dad backed her and they 'd just confirm they loved me exactly the way I was .
te	I	I wonder what he 'll say when tell I him everything .
te	I	Just the sight of makes it the fire hotter , I guess .
te	O	When she could heal wounds , she could actually see the tendons , bones , and muscles and encourage them to mend faster and correctly .
te	O	He guided me to the ground with him , wrapping his body around my back and resting his head against my shoulder .
te	I	That privileged was information .
te	O	They were so close to victory .
te	I	I hoped she see could the same in mine .
te	I	After the woman offered had apologies , Biker Boy evaluated the spill damage .
te	I	' Hey , you can 't go there up ! '
te	O	Aside from rare exceptions , rangers didn 't patrol or provide humanitarian relief .
te	I	Novak used her , used my dad 's to need keep his secrets , to play me .
te	I	Reuben smell could the chocolate .
te	I	She had risen and moved the toward end of the couch to retrieve her phone .
te	I	He wants me himself for .
te	O	He knew the answer .
te	O	Gwen raised her eyebrows and a smile hovered around her lips .
te	O	There was something that felt almost forbidden about watching them .
te	I	Eventually the returned receptionist .
te	O	Now she suddenly wanted their belongings to be together .
te	I	Nick waited as the helicopter landed on the private Acheron airstrip used when he visited .
te	O	He didn 't look like a soldier or civilian .
te	O	I 've been feeling that way for days , and I 'm exhausted all the time .
te	O	She 'd already seen so much suffering .
te	O	We are only doing this to help you .
te	O	It 's nothing to worry about .
te	O	He looked back on his life , not with shame but with a kind of disgust at its dreariness .
te	I	A blue spirit her eviscerated .
te	I	It made her guilty feel .
te	O	Then she did a double take .
te	O	Cole 's face was pure energy , and he threw his arms around me and lifted me off the ground .
te	O	She didn 't care where they were or what was happening around them , not anymore .
te	O	He did not know what to make of the reaction but it did not look good .
te	I	But the one touched just continued scream to .
te	I	I could almost hear my 's mother next thought out loud , she was that doting - Or away from Kane .
te	I	the prosecuting asked attorney .
te	O	Daniel gave Louisa another assessing look .
te	I	Her hand began to rub the that spot housed her heart .
te	O	Delores 's interruption and inflection showed genuine surprise .
te	I	The two woven were so tightly together he couldn 't separate them .
te	I	Marissa got up , pulled her down tight skirt .
te	I	the says doorman with a smile .
te	I	Now , it was finally to time follow his Internet trail .
te	I	Brittany and Jones had blood on them , they stood over bodies the of Don and Ruthie .
te	I	For the plan commence to , separation had to occur .
te	O	And there were definitely such bonds between them whether she wanted to admit it or not .
te	I	Henry turned his back to Mike and headed for the office , breaking a into grin .
te	O	I glanced down at the four words on the paper .
te	I	He was cornered at own his doing .
te	O	It doesn 't look like much on the outside .
te	I	Mom a took sip of hot chocolate and then continued .
te	I	Chapter Three Nick held Stephanie and close tried to focus his eyesight on the cobweb that hung in the corner .
te	O	She could not relax for the longest time , until finally her exhaustion won .
te	O	She saw Veronica walking towards her .
te	I	He let of go a big breath .
te	O	She locks her hands behind me and lays her face against my shirt .
te	O	Juliet was not the sentimental type , and seemed to have no keepsakes or trinkets .
te	O	But for some reason tonight , I was freaking the hell out .
te	O	Yeah , I don 't get it .
te	I	He kept moving forward he until pushed me down on my back on the sand .
te	I	There is no more record infractions of .
te	O	You have an incredible knowledge of mythology even though you despise it .
te	O	- My robots do not represent infinite protection , but such radical terrorist attempts are I unlikely in the extreme here on Aurora .
te	I	Lucas bolted toward the house , leaving his companions temporarily baffled as horses their caught up to his .
te	O	Izzie raised her hand .
te	O	' Not that I know of .
te	O	He looked peaceful as she came to him , easing down to the floor beside the couch .
te	O	It had nothing to do with Michael , and I knew in that moment that I was over him .
te	I	Gunner had to the do deed for the ones that were more harm than good .
te	I	Bradford knew for sure where the money had come from and Mario left no as doubt to the consequences of default .
te	I	And more importantly , the effect of his on kiss her was powerful and shocking .
te	O	Bastian cared for me , but it wasn 't asking me to be with him .
te	I	Tork was one at of the evacuation sites .
te	O	He had yet to meet a female who could resist him for long .
te	O	You said you were drawn to me .
te	I	Besides , if was he already throwing ' I love you 's ' at me , what else was he going to expect ?
te	I	Justin sat on the other side Emma of .
te	I	I couldn 't hear 's Maci pulse .
te	O	He was now sitting in a coffee shop less than a hundred yards from his hotel , waiting for the Dutch buyer .
te	I	Around the enclosed hollow wall is the piloting console around and the console is a circular table .
te	I	Then there was a grouping of the two boys together as well as one Ann for and Gerald and a separate place for the family photos .
te	O	The gilded frames held paintings depicting two faces Selena had been longing to lay eyes on her entire life .
te	O	Max you 've only been on this thing for a few weeks ?
te	O	I scooted away from him on the bench .
te	I	The soldier 's bullet ripped had a gash in his thigh , but it had passed clean through .
te	I	Colin couldn 't his believe ears .
te	O	His teeth gleamed white at the little bite in her voice .
te	O	I 'm pretty sure they don 't plot together , even if they were all still alive , but it didn 't matter .
te	I	Had I locked the car I when left ?
te	I	She rested her head on my shoulder , her breaths in coming deep and uneven .
te	O	Regular law enforcement doesn 't even acknowledge the existence of criminals with paranormal abilities .
te	I	Beckett reached his into coat pocket and retrieved a wadded manifest from its depths .
te	O	Her cries continued , and so did her protests .
te	O	His hands were up in an instant .
te	I	I didn 't hear everything , Ashland and was standing next to me .
te	O	Just the way it had become by the time I left Illinois .
te	O	Like your mom 's resentment of Mr. Middleton .
te	O	The wolf ate dirt as its front knees disintegrated in a shower of blood and bone .
te	O	Hele brushes my shoulder as I move past her .
te	O	I stepped down carefully .
te	I	Her breath came ragged in gasps .
te	I	He was hesitant to let in me , but did it anyway when I reassured him that it was okay .
te	I	Greetings and smiles warm were traded between the blissful six .
te	I	Said to Alonso Lea , while Fergus tried to get Lea ready for the next round .
te	I	Brown eyes flooded with scanned worry her body .
te	O	I sucked underwater big time and would certainly be of no use to Mike .
te	O	His grip was more like a warning than a greeting .
te	I	Biron said with in murder his voice .
te	I	Beth frowned that at .
te	O	or from across the room , hold up keys for the other one to see . )
te	O	Fletcher pressed the button for the top floor .
te	O	She almost wanted to scream again , the way she had done on the day she first arrived .
te	O	Olivia : You 're not just anyone .
te	O	I leaned forward and kissed him lightly .
te	I	Bridge briefings where are missions are presented and discussed in a formal manner .
te	I	Are absolutely you sure ?
te	O	It was almost as if seeing and communicating with these lingering souls brought me altogether too close to the fierce cold of the underworld .
te	O	Rand 's face entered the picture .
te	I	I didn 't anything say .
te	O	She walked for a bit and ended up in front of another door .
te	O	He strokes my cheek .
te	O	She was so wet and tight , he had to pause half-way inside , or risk their love-making ending before she could be satisfied .
te	I	I don 't at look him .
te	I	I knew what was she curious about .
te	O	The gunslinger walked to him , and held the jawbone in front of Jake 's warring eyes .
te	I	Why not take back her to Quebec , they asked ?
te	O	The hierarchy trials are a test of strength , skill , and intelligence .
te	O	He looked mean , raised and bred on the tough streets of Detroit , definitely not a stranger to the Michigan Penal System .
te	O	Of course it would .
te	I	Max into snorted the phone .
te	O	Soft drinks did not exist .
te	O	But like all men , you are not perfect .
te	O	One step at a time .
te	O	Was it possible for a man to get more attractive by the second ?
te	I	His reputation as a good has man been the only thing she 's had to cling to .
te	I	Don the slipped blade of his knife into his belt .
te	I	His voice echoed the throughout room .
te	O	We 're not sure why they do it .
te	O	He should have demanded to see them .
te	I	Of course , Michael knew wasn he 't .
te	I	' He 's alive Kirsty and is dead .
te	O	It couldn 't be .
te	O	Maybe I 'll do that .
te	I	I took care when I placed her veggie burger down , sure making it was far away from the meat .
te	O	The vampires were on strike and nobody would put their masks back on .
te	O	This was for the girls and she couldn 't wallow in self pity now .
te	O	And where Stephan resembled a strapping Abercrombie and Fitch model with his blond good looks , Javier was almost delicate looking .
te	I	I at looked her blankly .
te	O	What is it with blokes and their inappropriate behaviour ?
te	I	So , I pushed it aside now ... and walked up the driveway Ivy with by my side .
te	O	I 'll play his little game .
te	O	I shall stick to eating fish .
te	O	I can always tell when you 're lying .
te	I	She had gone telling without Juliette or Jasmine .
te	O	Like she somehow mattered to him ?
te	I	One filled rain day he was with her and the house was empty .
te	I	' I didn see 't .
te	I	I 't didn seek you out .
te	I	Fletcher Lane , Finn 's dad , me taking in and training me to be an assassin .
te	I	Verne was an avid runner and would go for a every run morning before Shelly got up .
te	O	He shook his head .
te	I	This is the only firsthand I experience 've had so far .
te	O	When did it get here ? '
te	I	He managed to hang on to the tray somehow , but her full water pitcher was by jostled their impact .
te	I	With two men vying for her affections , she must figure out one which is evil before it is too late .
te	I	The hour last had been brutal .
te	I	Was there nowhere I could from hide these sadistic women ?
te	I	Her brow with pleated concentration .
te	I	The low purr of the BMW was the sound only to break the silence .
te	O	This weekend would be extra busy , because there would be a special guest : Ishmael Khan , all the way from Pakistan .
te	I	Sometimes it fun 's to be me .
te	O	A she-wolf might tear out a man 's throat for pissing her off , but she never cried and especially not when someone had complimented her .
te	I	It quite felt delicious , and Victoria was gratified that the pleasant tingle between her legs grew stronger and moister under her husband 's ministrations .
te	O	Drinking , wasting resources , pointless copulation - ' Vann 's eyes widened in surprise .
te	I	Jake chewed his on lip .
te	I	Baby Julian giggled , throwing arms his around Paul 's neck .
te	I	We were at the other end of the room before now another door .
te	I	One of the to downsides being a hunter .
te	O	I pushed with everything I had .
te	O	The first fakes a punch , but Mai expected as much , giving the boy no instruction just yet .
te	O	' I could but it 's not my job .
te	O	I ignore it and keep driving .
te	I	The heiress the in Berkeley Hills who knows all about Tarantula venom ?
te	O	Charlie blinked her eyes open weakly , startled to find that she had fallen asleep again , and sitting up !
te	I	The fact that she responsible was for alerting the law weighed heavily on her shoulders .
te	O	I hear Marty asking in the background .
te	I	She could look practically at his dick at this point and he 'd love it .
te	I	It 's the first time can I remember laughing this week .
te	I	I didn 't see any broken windows or smashed doors bedding or strewn about , nothing like what we 've seen in town here .
te	I	I watched him scribble , and I made out tiny his drawing of a martini glass , with olive .
te	O	Then something nudged at my back , I turned around to see it was one of my small stuffed animals spinning in front of me .
te	I	He 'd brought whiskey the with him and left it on the ground by his feet .
te	I	I answered by pushing her against far the wall and picking up where I 'd left off .
te	I	I stare at the note and contemplate him calling .
te	I	What 's done done is .
te	O	The sinister laugh echoed in his ears and into his brain .
te	O	She slept only with one angel , and the rest were all human consorts .
te	O	The sea sick soldiers would have to endure a little more .
te	I	James gathered her up , wrapping his arms so around completely her that she couldn 't have escaped if she tried .
te	I	She had admit to that chatting with her friends was much more entertaining here than back home .
te	O	The man standing closest to him on his right was the most offended by what was going on .
te	I	She was proud of her language skills , which she been 'd working on secretly for the past month .
te	O	Rachel is not allowed to suggest that movie about the two best friends where one of them has cancer .
te	O	He shook his head and leaned over her to scoop her into his arms and up the stairs .
te	O	The only picture she allowed to be snapped of her was for her driver 's license .
te	I	They the scanned waiting faces carefully .
te	I	A big brass key , as big as arm my .
te	I	A cliché , but worked it .
te	I	He could not it believe .
te	I	He caught the deadly arm under his own and snaked his hand fully around limb the and immobilized it .
te	O	The doctor had ordered Paula to rest .
te	O	His language was very colorful .
te	O	It may have been a childish urge , but it was one that she desperately wanted to fulfill .
te	I	He he realized didn 't know if she was actually stone , or just looked like stone .
te	I	After the thirtieth time Magnus was ill , became Catarina concerned .
te	O	She knew he only did that now when he was nervous , and that made her love him even more .
te	O	I sensed her absence acutely and resented being reminded of it .
te	O	Then a more shocking thought occurred .
te	I	During that same time , for reasons one no knows , she started reverting to being human again .
te	I	If it looks like she could win actually this thing , the hex could get really nasty .
te	O	Which one of the First Circle would come out to find him ?
te	I	My heart lurched , not at attention the but fear of what the wink could mean , where the hell was Kate ?
te	O	I walked to the edge of our encampment and saw Sergeant Smith , leaning against a tree and clutching a worn picture in his hands .
te	O	He offered his sympathies and asked about the families .
te	O	I heard about your brother .
te	O	On either side of the path were gardens with winter flowering plants whose perfume hung on the air giving a promise of the spring to come .
te	I	He gripped one buttock lifted and her against him even as his other hand cradled her head .
te	O	Then she bashed him one good .
te	I	Doesn 't that require vampire and blood earth compulsion ?
te	I	Little white spots to started appear in my vision as the unbearable pain began to recede .
te	I	His was gaze like ice .
te	I	They turned the corner into the front hall and ran face first Cornell into .
te	O	I 've consulted with Dr. Peter Kroger , the Nobel Prize winning economist at Upper Montrose State University who writes for the New York Globe .
te	O	She closed her eyes seconds before the impact .
te	O	Amelia gulped the food , the warm porridge giving her a false boost of energy .
te	O	I opened my eyes and turned over onto my side .
te	O	But would she ever find her way back into this or had she just lost any chance of recovering her life ?
te	I	The dissolved world in fire .
te	I	she whispered , to falling a crouch , checking her knives and metals .
te	I	Andrew leaned against the handrail to make for room the jogger on the narrow bridge .
te	I	Chapter 22 Angelina found Sam out had eaten only sugar and cinnamon oatmeal for breakfast and was hungry .
te	O	Like the last time we met here .
te	O	I reached up and felt a bandage on my head .
te	I	She remembered wedding her day .
te	I	Holly watched as he nonchalantly placed the phone on coffee the table and turned to look at her .
te	I	He went into the living room and sat down on the sofa with sigh a .
te	I	I reach the top then crawl and stand on top another of stone wall .
te	O	Instead , there was nothing .
te	O	He swallowed hard , letting me hit him , his fingers strong on my jaw .
te	O	Evidently from his expression the Mark Twain understood his thoughts .
te	I	If things went bad , they would flee back to original their position .
te	O	Phase Two of the trials of the Orlando Treatment had just begun and they were now three days into the schedule .
te	O	Right about at the edge of things : where trees meet pasture and breath finds the air .
te	O	It was going to be attached to the World Culture Museum .
te	O	The path was seldom used and overgrown , and the branches thrashed beside them in the wind .
te	O	The bad news was the orange flickers licking up the underside of the hood .
te	I	But then got I pulled downstream .
te	O	It was from a large woman with a manly voice and a beard to match it .
te	I	He couldn 't afford to let a woman , even such an intriguing one , distract him from work his .
te	O	Her smile grew wider .
te	I	Autumn was drawing in and this was surely going be to the last good weekend before the steady march toward Winter would begin .
te	I	Logan picks the sword up off floor the and gives it back to me .
te	O	Camille reached for her water glass and glanced at Julian .
te	O	Five years , he thought as he grabbed his bag and strode toward the stairs that led up to the second floor .
te	I	He wasn going 't to allow it .
te	I	I caught glimpses in her mind staying of with her family .
te	O	Rosie tried to smile so she wouldn 't cry .
te	I	She 'd stumble and bump up against the boy , looking him at through her lashes .
te	I	The high-pitched scream raised every hair on body my .
te	I	Very soon the chief guard nodded his head , then he laid it on the table and fell asleep fast .
te	I	There was there pleasure , too , mingled with an easing of physical pain .
te	I	His search for could truths never be completed , but neither could it be ignored .
te	I	We are here to that ensure you do .
te	O	The day was different from all the others .
te	O	Here among the trees and grass , with the street sounds muted , he breathed a little easier .
te	I	Steven certainly had never anything seen like it , even with all the artists in the room .
te	I	It makes me nervous , but not in a performance anxiety kind way of .
te	I	He tried to by wriggle them , but his father pulled him back .
te	I	When I was sure I was ready , I grabbed my truck and keys opened the front door .
te	O	Was she fleeing to escape the witch ?
te	O	McKenna drew a deep breath as anger flashed in her eyes .
te	O	She wondered if anyone else noticed that Ana pretty much ignored her when they hung out at Vai Place with the others .
te	O	From where he stood across the room , Declan could tell that Willow was uncomfortable with all the attention on her .
te	O	At best , it was shelter .
te	O	Afterward neither of them knew who had done it , Lucian or Jaxon , only that evaporation had been uppermost in her mind , in their mind .
te	O	Sarah is entirely too pretty for her own good .
te	O	she cal ed after him , and he swung around .
te	O	David Andrews had always had a fondness for Harriet .
te	O	Once I have my cell phone , I send Asher a quick text .
te	O	But why write about him ?
te	O	A real job sounded okay right about now , one my parents would approve of .
te	O	Once Kevin was actually somewhat concerned that he looks at the world with the eyes of a person who doesn 't belong to this world any more .
te	O	He reached for the buttons at the front of her blouse , still tasting her sweet mouth and drowning in need .
te	O	I blinked hard , as if I could deflect whatever blow was coming .
te	O	Naturally I had hoped to see it for myself .
te	O	I 'd lost the ability to speak with not one letter of the alphabet could I think to come back with .
